Speaker A: Literally today, one of my teammates at asymmetric asked me, is this a top signal? And I'm like, zoom. Way out.
Speaker B: Hi, everyone. Welcome to bits and bips, exploring how crypto and macro collide one basis point at a time. I'm your host, James Safer, Tradfi Archmaester Lord of Bloomberg's end. We're missing Alex Kruger this week because he had a flight get canceled and couldn't figure out a way to actually join us today. But we have two guests. Also joining me, obviously, is Joe McCann, lord commander of asymmetric and master of Banq. And then joining this week is Phil Bonello, high steward of Plaintext, and Kelly Greer, Lady Greer of Galaxy. We're here to discuss the latest stories in the worlds of crypto and macro news. Just remember that nothing we say here is investment advice. You can check unchained crypto.com bitsandbips for more disclosures. Yeah, so let's dive into this first. We're gonna start with something with our, our more seasoned, veteran unchained podcast counterparts over at the chopping block, talking a lot about what was going on with iggy and celeb coins and, and all these meme coins and things. And Joe, Joe, Joe and Haseeb gotten a little bit of a battle on Twitter. So I'm just going to pass this over to Joe. Why don't you lay the groundwork of, like, what we're talking about here and, like, what your biggest issue with the way it was being discussed, and then we can get into our own opinions. Uh, because I have nuanced takes here. I think I differ from you and your view of the space.
Speaker A: Good. Yeah. Look, so, um. So, like, last week, um, you know, the guys at the shopping block had a discussion around celeb coins and Iggy and I kind of took offense to it. Iggy's a friend of mine. And also, um, it wasn't true. A lot of what was saying, you know, kind of called out Haseeb online and we got into a little spat, which we have since squashed. So me and Haseeb are good. Just so everybody who's concerned about that know there won't be a karate combat fight between me and Haseeb. Sorry, guys, it's not happening. But, you know, to set the stage with everybody, if you're not familiar with what's been going on with Iggy Azalea and her mother coin. She launched a token about three weeks ago, kind of out of nowhere, and it really took off. It got, I think, at one point up to like $350 million market cap. It's trading like roughly $150 million market cap right now. But one of the reasons why I wanted to kind of share the story behind it is I think a lot of people are misinformed or confused about what is going on here. So you guys may recall, Caitlyn Jenner launched a token, uh, and it rugged for six and a half million dollars. And it wasn't Caitlyn Jenner, it was this known scammer in Solana, named Sahil, excuse me, who reached out to Caitlin and her team about, you know, doing an advance for some cash, and we're gonna do this token, and whatever, whatever. Same scammer reached out to Iggy, and Iggy passed it on to her manager. He took a look at it, kind of had a conversation with the guy, but ended up calling Caitlin's manager. And I seeing like, hey, what's the deal with this guy? And they're like, well, he just rugged us for six and a half million dollars. And we've contacted the FBI and et cetera, et cetera. And they're like, we can't find him. And he's like, I'm texting him right now, like, you know, so, so anyway, naturally, Iggy wasn't going to do anything with this guy at that point. And Sahil, you know, found out that he was, she wasn't going to be working with him. What a surprise. Um, but he decided to then tweet a presale token for the Iggy coin. And he raised like five. Some idiots put $500,000 into this in like a matter of a couple hours or something. And Iggy was about to launch her mobile phone network called Unreal, as well as a product called Dreamvault. And so she had been working on this for over a year. And it was coming up, you know, to know, announce this, launch this, do a bunch of press, etcetera. And she was concerned, rightfully so, that some scammer is going to tarnish her reputation and brand by launching some token that she has nothing to do with. So she said, I need to launch my own token. And uh, they're like, well, how do we do this? And um, one of her teammates was like, I can help, you know, this thing with pump fun. And the ability to basically launch a meme coin is like, or a token is, is trivial at this point. And they, so they stayed up all night and like, going through like the concept and the creative, and she's the creative behind all this. She actually is the one behind her Twitter account. People think it's a team, it's her. Like, it's 100% her. And also, if you look at the stuff she tweets, like, could you imagine being on her, on her team and tweeting some of the stuff that she's tweeting it and be like, am I going to lose my job by saying this? There's absolutely no way. It's not her and she's super active, or telegram, etcetera. They launched this mother token. They have no real, say, level of expertise as it relates to crypto. She's been in Solana for a while, she's been privy to the space. She's actually quite knowledgeable on it. And the token took off and then they started to figure out like, oh wait, we can actually integrate this into Unreal mobile. So this mobile virtual network operator, Unreal, she announced, and you can use the mother token to pay your cell phone bill. Um, she launched this thing called Dreamvault as well, just kind of like a shoppable celebrity gift list app slash site. Um, use mother in there as well. And so what's interesting to, to me and why I think it's important to set the record straight on this, is that there are plenty of grifters and celebrities that historically have done, you know, pump and dumps or rugs or whatever, whether it's through NFT sales or tokens or whatever in previous cycles. This is not that. This is the furthest thing from that. She's never selling a token. She hasn't sold a token. She sees this as like a way to bring a lot of her fan base into crypto, as well as bringing culture and entertainment to web three, which has been kind of my hypothesis for a long time. I've mentioned it in the past that once culture really adopts a new technology, it's kind of here to stay. I met up with her when I was in New York last week at our launch event. Then I went to dinner with her on Wednesday night, and the ideas that she has are incredible, but she was telling me the story about all this kind of stuff and it's just truly unbelievable, right? Like, they weren't planning on launching a token to be associated with these two products, and yet here we are seeing like, actual utility with this token being integrated as well as like this fervent community that is now actively involved in mother. And so, like, for example, she, I think she's the highest grossing content creator on OnlyFans. She canceled her account, pushed them all to the telegram chat, right? Like, she is very, very much committed. And if you think for a second, like, you know, if somebody's made, God knows, tens of millions of dollars off of onlyfans, would they just, like, cut that off if they were just going to, you know, rug this token at some point? To me, it just seems foolish. And so the other thing is, she's very bullish on Solana, which, no surprise, she wants to. She. It was so hilarious because, like, where I'm at dinner, she's like, it's fast and cheap. Like, hello, duh. Why wouldn't anybody want this?
Speaker C: Did you soul pill her? How did she get bullish on Solana?
Speaker A: No, she. She was in Solana before I even knew her. Right. And that's what I'm getting to, is that one of the things that I've been saying for years now is that, like, normies don't care about Max decentralization, or if you can run Ethereum's full node on a raspberry PI, they actually don't give a shit. What they care about are great experiences and things that are fast and cheap. It's very, very simple. And that was her assessment. She was like, why would I want to use this thing that's super slow and expensive when I could just use this thing that's fast and cheap and gives me this awesome experience? That is the case for most people. And she just happens to have 70 million plus followers on her social media accounts. From my perspective, this could be the first real, you know, pop culture adoption and promotion of web three and crypto to the masses. That actually is not some stupid NFT project, right? That is actually bringing utility into the products that she's actually bringing to market, and she's evolved her career. You know, I don't know if she's officially retired from music, but, like, she's very much focused on the things that she's interested in from her business perspective, whether it's the mobile network to this dream vault to other projects that she wants to be involved in. And no surprise, the Solana community has adopted her and welcomed her with open arms. And so I think it's just important to understand that there are always going to be grifters. Ethereum had tons of these in the last cycle. Solana will have tons of these this cycle and potentially other chains. But this thus far, and from what my understanding is with my conversations with her at dinner, is like, she's really all in on this, and we'll see if this plays out. I'm pretty confident that it will.
Speaker B: Yeah. It's funny we always use this term when we talk about ETF's. We used to say most things you get, things are fast, cheap, or good, and you can usually get two out of the three. So it's funny you said fast and cheap because I guess we'll find out in the next couple of years how good Solana actually ends up being long term. But we know where you sit on that. ETF's are the one of those rare exceptions in finance. In our view, that is is all three at once.
Speaker C: I'm glad you're setting the record straight on that narrative, Joe, because we're so used to getting hurt in crypto. Like, we instantly think that someone who means well is grifter because they have a big following and they're using the tech. And it's, this is like, this is like a case for hope, and she's going to do great things for the ecosystem, presumably. And we need to stop having that, like, twitch reaction that this person's going to grift and rip us off.
Speaker A: Yeah, and look, I mean, it makes sense, right? It makes sense. Like, it's happened so many times with, I mean, I think it was a con, like, was going to launch a token for some country that didn't exist or something. It was crazy, right? But like, you know, eventually pop culture and entertainment, and that entertainment industry is going to find a way to start to incorporate their artists and their fame and celebrity into things like crypto and web three. And I feel like this is like, this might be it if it isn't close to it being it. And in addition to that, like, all the major sort of talent managers like CAA and William Morris and Uta. I remember I met with Uta like a year and a half ago, and they were talking about like, we're trying to figure out our web three strategy for our artists. And obviously the markets were pulling back and there was a bunch of stuff happening. Stuff had happened that was gnarly. But this is a real thing. They just need to figure out how do we do it. And their area of expertise is entertainment and culture, not technology, bleeding edge technology that has a lot of economic value associated with it.
Speaker D: Preston. Yeah, I think a lot of the pushback that's been going on, on the celeb coin stuff is just a symptom of the market being sideways to down for the last three and a half months. People don't know what to do themselves. Everyone has pitchforks out. The amount of attention that the celeb coins have gotten and the negative energy they've gotten relative to the market relevance is pretty ridiculous. The meme coins, celeb coins, whatever, I think is a good example of just permissionless finance. People can launch whatever they want to launch, experiment however they want to experiment. And some will work, some won't, and some will be scams, and some will do great things.
Speaker A: Yeah, and look, I think that's right, Phil, also, that when in 2021, when markets were just going straight up, everybody was chill with everything, there weren't these philosophical debates and moral platitudes being put out there on the Internet when the markets were just ripping. I think the other thing you're seeing as well, and I'm clearly biased here, but Solana is ushering in a lot of this new type of activity and experimentation, and a lot of folks that have been in the industry that have massive ethereum bags, unfortunately don't like that. And so they're going to blow v eight through blog posts about what is or should be or should it be. And it's like, to your point, Phil, it's permissionless. Good luck. This stuff's going to happen whether you like it or not.
Speaker C: I think the other cause for concern is we're used to a huge celebrity getting involved with the space as being a top signal, and there's a lot of hesitation around where we are in the market cycle. So I think I know Joe's answer to this, but the screaming question on everyone's mind is, is iggy entering now the top? And that's causing the adding to the.
Speaker A: Stress, I kid you not, literally. Today, one of my teammates at asymmetric asked me, is this a top signal? I'm like, zoom way out, right? Like, how much stuff has happened in the past six months of this year thus far that could be considered a top signal? I mean, after the ETF actually launched, like, the GBTC, selling was just hammering the price. I mean, there's tons of things that could have happened. Or even like, in April when the market was puking, you had mass liquidations. People would say that was the top, right? Like, my view from a macro perspective hasn't changed. We have an election year. Rate cuts are coming. Global liquidity picks up in the summer. We're not even close to liquidity. Cycle topping. Like, if you zoom out just a little bit, you'll see that, like, feels like we have more room to run a celebrity determining the top for an entire asset class. Like crypto. Like, come on, give me a break.
Speaker B: I'll just say what you talk about. With the top, like, you talk about 2021, I come to my, I think of like, celebrities like Paris Hilton shilling nfts on like, late night shows. Like, I don't see Iggy azalea on like, late night regular street, regular tv, regular media talking about this stuff, at least not yet. And then the other thing I would say is, I kind of think this negative initial reaction response, it's almost like a positive autoimmune type of response from the industry. It makes sense you should be extremely skeptical of this stuff. I get it covering just finance. And if I cover anything ethereum related, the bitcoin people are down my throat saying I shouldn't be covering a shitcoin. And then I have Ethereum people telling me that I'm just a bitcoin maxi, and I don't want, like the Ethereum ETF to happen and, and so on and so forth. So I get, I get the initial autoimmune response. But, um, I guess we'll find out.
Speaker A: Like, over time exactly how I'll say this, James. Like, the thing that I tell people that are brand new to crypto, especially when they join, like, telegram, I'm like, look, by default, assume everything is a scam, period, end of story. Just that is your mode of operating.
Speaker D: It's a scam.
Speaker A: So if you have that default setting for how you're engaging in crypto, like, no surprise people are going to be skeptical. And I think that's actually healthy, right? Like, I don't open PDF's that people send me over telegram. That's how paranoid I am, right? So I think it's, I think it's healthy, but I also think it's, like, important to, like, I think to Kelly's point, like, maybe somebody is actually doing it the right way. And let's give them the benefit of the doubt or suspend disbelief beyond looking at it, because the reality is, like, this thing got $350 million market cap. If it was a rug, that was a really good time to take profits, and it didn't happen.
Speaker B: All right, let's change. It's kind of not that dissimilar to a topic. There's been a lot of talk online about whether VC's are attractive for the crypto space. I guess I'll turn this over to you, Joe, to kind of intro the feelings here. And you'd go first, and then we'll turn it over to the other guys to give their feelings.
Speaker A: Yeah, sure. So, I mean, see, was involved in this one too, right? What a surprise. So this guy Arthur Zero X on Twitter basically posted something to the effect that, like, big VC fundraisers are likely value extracted for the space unless they earmark, like, a significant percentage of that for liquid tokens. He goes on to say something like, you should assume every big VC fund will eventually extract three to four x the capital they raise from the market eventually from their, quote, infra investments. So that was, I think, the kind of the impetus for this discussion that took place. And Haseeb had kind of responded with, like, something that I actually agree with. So kudos, Haseeb. How different the sentiment, the reversal is here is like back in 2022, when the large funds, like a 16 z paradigm, and even Katie Hahn's fund were raising billion dollar plus vehicles, it was heralded by the industry. And I remember 2022, very different time than 2024. But this is not necessarily a zero sum game. And furthermore, he goes on to say that it would be nice to see more institutional liquid funds coming on as well. Asymmetric is one of those, and we agree, we would love to see a lot more of the institutional, like, liquid hedge fund style vehicles come into the space. So I'll kind of turn it over to you, Kelly. Like, what are your, what, from your perspective, like, what do you think about this discussion? Like, where do you sit on it? What are your thoughts?
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, I think, again, this goes back to the context of where we are in the market, right? Where alts across the board can't catch a bid, with the exception of meme coins. And I think it's all sort of interlinked. Right? You have these VC's doing massive fundraises, and I think the skeptic of that would say that they invest in these infra projects who create massive tges, and that ends up in sell pressure in the market. The issue being there that there's, as of right now, a fixed amount of capital and liquid funds that are there to buy it. So Galaxy run a database called Vision Track that measures fund Aum and crypto, right? And they have the measurement on liquid hedge funds and crypto AUM at the end of March at 20 billion. So if you have these estimates on Twitter of like 40 to 50 billion of alt supply supply coming unlocked in the next two, three years, versus 20 billion of liquid funds caught there to buy the bag or to trade liquid strategies, that creates a really difficult and challenging market dynamic. I think that's the reason why, and I turn this back to probably Joe and Phil, around how you continue to outperform the market as a liquid fund. With that being the supply demand dynamic of tokens, I think that forces more players into derivatives. We continue to see more derivatives volume across our business year over year, like almost doubling, I think. Cause that's where there's more alpha. And I also think it's why you see more volume and activity in meme coins. It's kind of like a response to, I have no business trading these alts anymore. They're down, only they can't catch a bid, even revenue generating projects to an extent. I'm gonna play in the alt casino and I'm gonna buy options. And that's sort of, I think, the barbell for liquid funds right now. But curious what you guys think.
Speaker B: Before you said a term that I would TGE or I couldn't, I didn't get what the, you said an acronym that I actually didn't know what it was.
Speaker C: Token generation event.
Speaker B: Okay, there you go.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah. So that's, that's project reaches phase to launch the token. They, they dropped their, their TGE.
Speaker A: It's like the IPO.
Speaker B: Got it. I'm not, I'm not enough in the crypto world yet to know all the acronyms. Ill turn over to Phil. He was definitely going to say something.
Speaker A: Phil.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think weve reached almost a tipping point as far as the venture versus liquid fund dynamic. And speaking to allocators, I think that this is true as well. For so long, money has just been pouring into the venture fund landscape versus liquid funds, because the mark to market isnt as stringent. You can buy into these seed deals and then in maybe a year or two, you have token generation event, you can sell it in the market. The allocators arent going to see that same sort of volatility that they might see in a liquid fund. And so youve just seen venture balloon. And I think that its maybe a little saturated at this point. And so I think were going to start to see, and Arthur tweet was, I think, symptomatic of this and probably a sign of where we're going to be headed soon is allocators are going to start to allocate to liquid funds instead of these venture vehicles. Again, venture vehicles are also looking to allocate to some of these liquid tokens as well. It's an interesting dynamic where they have these closed end funds, might be ten year return period, but they're also going to be buying public market assets. So I think this is just a dynamic that has to wash out through the market. And venture funds made too much money in 21, and that created an environment where they're going to continue to raise for a period until it stops working. And I think we're sort of coming to that. So I think it's just kind of a market dynamic that needs to wash itself out. Trey?
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, I agree with a lot of what Phil's saying. And so, first of all, Kelly, you basically described asymmetrics hedge fund. Yes, we do trade with Galaxy. They know a lot of stuff we trade. But yeah, derivs and meme coins favors our strategy. But I think there's a couple of things to kind of underscore here. Carrying on to what Phil was just saying. I think a lot of people don't understand the business model of venture funds. You start off with venture fund one, it takes you, whatever, a year or two years to raise the money, and then you deploy it over the course of two to three years. But by the time you're close to being done deploying, you're already doing venture fund two. And then you repeat until you get to x number of funds. The beauty of this is that you take a 2% management fee the entire duration of that fund. And so if it's a ten year vehicle, which most venture funds are, let's say you raise a billion dollars, 2% of a billion dollars is $20 million a year. Times ten years is $200 million in management fees for having a pulse. That's a pretty good business, to Phil's point about 2021. God bless these guys. Multicoin paradigm, they all made enormous amounts of money for their lp's and have all subsequently raised additional funds. And I'm not suggesting that multicoin or paradigm or a 16 z that their business model is management fee based. But lets be clear, if you can raise another billion dollars and clip $200 million in fees over the course of the next ten years, youre probably going to do it. And that is absolutely symptomatic of what happened in the last cycle. In addition to that, you are seeing a lot of these VC funds start to buy locked tokens. Weve talked about the FTX sale of Solana coins. It's no surprise that Pantera owns a big slug of that now. Why I am completely speculating, but I would assume that, hey, we can lock this up for x amount of time and on a mark to market market at the current price and clip management fees on that pretty good business. And so, selfishly, I absolutely want more people to be allocating to liquid hedge fund strategies. We've been very fortunate to have a pretty solid performance over the course of the past couple of years. And weve seen inbound, candidly explode over the past few months based on that performance. And weve been raising a lot of money for our liquid hedge fund strategy. The key, I think, is for a lot of these allocators, and I think Phil was alluding to this, or maybe Kelly was, that the volatility of these liquid hedge fund strategies, if you dont know how to manage risk appropriately or if you're an allocator that's expecting, all right, if you're down 5%, you're going to clip everything and de risk. That's like five minutes in crypto. And so part of the challenge is educating a lot of these allocators that are used to tradfi, that have very tight constraints around the volume of the product, the sharpe ratio, what they're targeting in that regard with crypto, it's so different that getting them to understand that is very difficult because a lot of these folks at these allocators, like, why would they take the career risk of allocating to a crypto hedge fund that has, could be up 51 month and down 25 the next? That is a level of volatility that is very difficult for people to stomach, let alone the manager and LP investing in that.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think to that point, that's interesting. The allocators, if you're in the hedge fund bucket and the hedge fund team is looking at a liquid crypto fund, the volatility doesn't fit into the paradigm that the hedge fund allocator is used to. So then that decision goes to the venture team. And so the venture team then looks at the hedge fund, and they're not used to allocating to a hedge fund. They're more used to allocating to a closed end fund of some sort. Right. And so there's just like a weird mismatch between allocators like venture and hedge fund allocators who are looking at liquid.
Speaker C: Crypto funds just real quick. Obviously, performance is one thing and speaks for itself, but your strategy is innovative. How do allocators respond when the strategy right now to give returns is, like we said just now, like it's in memes and it's in volatility? How do you get them comfortable with that? Or do they, is, is meme investing now native to them? Because it's sort of sprawling across all markets?
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, I I'll try not to victory lap this too much, but, um. Yeah, we were, yeah. You're really teeing me up for this one.
Speaker B: Kelly, are you working for his marketing team?
Speaker A: She is not working at asymmetric. We are very glad she works at Galaxy. So look, it's not a surprise that we wrote about this many, many months ago. We were, I think, the first institutional fund to actually allocate to a meme coin because it was the right call. And I think a lot of this is market dependent. We made a bunch of money in 2023 on bitcoin. Vols were in the thirties. Buy volume when it's cheap, all of a sudden you have a regional bank crisis, volume gets turbo bid. Guess what happens to the value of those options contracts? They go up a ton, right. And we could see the same sort of thing happen this year with just bitcoin. The reality is, because of what's happened on Solana and the activity around meme coins and how trivial it is to create them and trade them, and the rise of telegram trading bots, these types of things like meme coins are here to stay, whether you like it or nothing. Turns out that dogecoin outperformed every one of these intellectually argued l one infrastructure plays of last cycle, it was like top, I think five or six coin in 2021, right? Like it's a literal dog coin, doesn't do anything and it outperformed. And so as an, as an investor slash trader, like your job is to generate returns for your LP's and if your lp's have a problem that you're buying a dog coin, yet you're printing them money, maybe they shouldnt be an LP. Thats our perspective on it. Look at what the market is offering you. If the market is suggesting to you that hey, theres a lot of opportunity to make money in investing and trading and positioning against meme coins as a portion of the portfolio, then you should absolutely be doing that.
Speaker D: Preston yeah I think theres an interesting point. I think probably in December when bonk was really taking off, where it went from, there might be a risk in investing in meme coins. There's two. There's a risk of not investing in meme coins. And we said this internally, allocators are going to start to ask us why we're not investing in meme coins. And sure enough, allocators started asking, are you going to be buying meme coins and meme coins? At the end of the day, they're just brands and they can turn into full functioning products. And you've seen that with Bonk. Bonk actually does have products that built out of the brand. I think it's totally legitimate to invest in meme coins. And allocators, I think, are warming up to that.
Speaker A: See, it's not just me, guys, it's Phil, too.
Speaker B: I want to stay on this real quick because this is so interesting to me because I deal with accredited investors and qualified purchasers, the type of people that can buy your fund. And I can't imagine those types of people coming to you guys and being like, are you investing in bonk and these meme coins? What types of investors are you guys dealing with? That just doesn't compute with me, with the people I'm used to talking to on my Bloomberg terminal.
Speaker D: It's amazing how quickly people's perspectives change when price goes up.
Speaker B: Okay, yeah, that's a really good, succinct answer.
Speaker A: Yeah. Look, the only thing I'll add is, in May, we closed. This is a nine figure fund of funds. And they asked us point blank, like, we know that you bought bonk this and that. What percentage of your portfolio is in meme coins? I'm like, well, it's completely market dependent. We change our portfolio based on what our view is and what the market is telling us. I met with these other guys that are extrad fi guys are in their late fifties. One of them ran like a multibillion dollar credit fund. The other one ran like a some event driven arb fund. So they've made a bunch of money. They've been in finance for a long time, and they asked me the same thing. How much of your performance or your portfolio is associated with meme coins? And my answer is always the same. It's market dependent. If, for example, I didn't believe that bonk had long term staying power, I probably wouldn't be owning any bonk. But to Phil's point, it's evolved into an actual project with real products, probably worth holding some, right? And so this is, again, like, if you understand how the organic evolution of what happens in crypto, as a trader, you should be trading things that are going to make you money. And meme coins are absolutely in that bucket. There's going to be all kinds of iterations and experimentation around meme coins. And we're seeing the thing with Iggy in and of itself is like an actual celeb coin that has real utility. Like, these are the types of innovations that we should expect. But as a trader, you can't miss these opportunities or you're going to underperform. And in fact, I ran into, at the Coinbase conference last week, I ran into a guy who runs a fund of funds as well. And he told me point blank, he's like, Joe, I'm so stoked that you guys were able to, like, pull away. He's like, because a lot of the managers that. That we're in are kind of stuck. And what he means by that is that they're stuck in investments that are nothing but have really good academic and intellectual horsepower behind them.
Speaker B: I realize I just said accredited investor and qualified purchaser and didn't really define them for the audience. So there's probably some people out there that don't know. But essentially, like, in hedge funds, you can't just invest in a hedge fund. You need to have a certain net worth or certain amount of income or be an institution. And these different things. And those are the two acronyms usually, is that or quib qualified institutional buyer. But I just to clear that up. And then also, last one question for you, Joe. So right now you're saying it depends on the market. I guess what's bag is bigger right now for you, your mother tokens or your bonk tokens? Can you answer?
Speaker A: I can't give you a secret sauce, dude. Come on, man. No, look, again, the way we look at it is the macro, actually. And then we could probably pivot into macro after this. But look, the macro is our guiding principle for how we view the broader market. And then the question is, what's the best way of expressing our macro view through crypto? And so from a macro perspective, like Q two, historically worst performing quarter for bitcoin, we had a view that Q two would be choppy if not down, given that the run up that happened in Q one. And so we've been partially more defensive this quarter, even though we've definitely had levels that we've gotten long at because we want to own certain assets at those particular levels. How does that relate to the portfolio construction? With meme coins, it's just another asset that's going to provide a level of beta to the portfolio. And to be clear, they swing like crazy. If you have a enormous bonk position like we do, you can understand that the p and l volume is pretty high. We're comfortable wearing that p and l volume because we have a longer term view where bonk is likely headed, and we want to be participating in it. From that perspective, the more, like newer, idiosyncratic stuff, whether it's mother or it's when, or these other types of tokens that are recent in the meme coin space, we can trade in and out of those as we see fit relative to the risk constraints that we have on our portfolio.
Speaker C: Wait, just closing, closing the loop. James, no one's asking you for a bonk or a doge TF at Bloomberg yet.
Speaker B: People do ask about doge XRP and Solana EtF's. I literally was talking to a client today asking like, are we going to get Solana futures? Are we going to get a Solana ETF this year? And I can unequivocally say there's like, 0% chance you get a Solana ETF in 2024. And I think even pretty slim in 2025.
Speaker A: But you said 10% for ETH.
Speaker D: Remember?
Speaker A: You had a 10% chance.
Speaker B: This is very true.
Speaker A: You got.
Speaker B: You got me there.
Speaker C: You're saying there's a chance.
Speaker B: So for Solana, there's zero chance in 2024? Literally zero, because when you file it, you need 240 days. So we're into 2025. So absolute best case scenario, somebody files for Solana ETF tomorrow, and I think 200, it's 260 ish days, actually, once it gets the reg. All said and done. So you're looking into late q one at the absolute earliest. And I really don't think that's going to happen. But we could go on to macro now rather than me pontificating on the odds of random different coins ETF projections. So, yeah, we got, unemployment's not looking great. It's going up a little bit, which is, ironically, one of those things where bad data is good data for the markets and rate cuts, potentially. Inflation is coming down slightly from the last data point we've gotten. I guess I'll just turn it over to you, Kelly. How are you viewing the recent economic data we got, and how are you viewing the macro picture as it relates to crypto and tradfi and all that? I'll let you start.
Speaker C: I mean, preface that, I'm not a fund manager. I larp as a macro economist at best. But I mean, obviously, I think we all agree.
Speaker B: We all do. We all do. This is a podcast of Larpers in the awesome we, Alex. But he's not here.
Speaker C: So we all agree, I guess, like, you know, rate cuts, good for risk assets, good for fixed supply assets like bitcoin. Inflation going down, obviously good for all of the above. But I look at these inflation numbers, and I'm like, I was assaulted by a headline on Bloomberg over the weekend about how beef prices are soaring, and as a consumer, you should be eating pork all summer. So I'm like, this was a great data point. It's hard for me to tell. And I want to know your guys take of how enduring is this? How much are you buying into the inflation coming down narrative driven by oil prices getting pummeled the past few weeks, et cetera?
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, I don't have a really strong view on how enduring the downward inflation pressures are, but I think the rising unemployment, inflation coming down, at least in the last month, good readings. It seemed like we were going to enter this Goldilocks period where we were going to have an economic slowdown. So inflation worries were going to subside and recession worries weren't top of mind yet, so we were just going to have a rip in all assets. But it turned out that just like equity indices are ripping and crypto's sideways down, I think part of that is the Fed came out relatively hawkish last week. Other central banks are relatively dovish, starting to cut. And so I think that's putting upward pressure on the dollar. I think we probably need a breakdown in the dollar for bitcoin to break out. So it's kind of a weird period. The Fed is, I think, playing this kind of game of chicken where it's like it almost wants to be wanted again, and maybe we're going to see a little bit of pain, but I don't know exactly how that shows up. That said, the sentiment in crypto right now is so atrocious, it seems like volume has come down pretty substantially as well. And so typically, like, when sentiment is this bad, seems like no one's paying attention. When ball is compressed, that's typically a good time to be paying attention and to be getting long. So it's kind of a mixed bag for me right now.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, from my perspective, I think I've been pounding the drum on this for a while, that I think rate cuts are coming, which is oddly non consensus unless you're the CIO of fixed income at Blackrock. So good to know I'm in that company. But the last week, the CPI and PPI data that came in was definitely light. And the irony was that the CPI print came out the same day as the Fed. And a lot of people looked at the Fed dot plots, which for those of you that don't know what the dot plots are, it's basically like they do this every quarter, where they kind of forecast the number of, or where the, where the interest rates will be at some point in the future is probably the easy way to describe it. So dotplots came out and suggested only one rate cut for this year, whereas in the previous dot plot. Three months prior, there were three rate cuts. The issue is that the CPI print wasn't factored into the FOMC's projections. And although Powell said at the press conference, somebody had asked him like, hey, did you guys make your decision based on the CPI print that just came out? He said, fed members have the ability to change their, you know, their perspective or their forecast, but most don't. And what that says to me is they didn't. And as you have like this, this type of lighter economic data coming in on the inflation side, it is giving the Fed firepower to actually justify rate cuts. Our view has been September, December are likely going to happen. I think theres also a non zero chance that you see a maintenance cut in July. The markets arent pricing that at all right now, which is a pretty asymmetric trade, in my opinion, that if you continue to get weak economic data like weve gotten, theres another CPI print ahead of the next Fed meeting. For example, youre going to have jobless claims data this week. Youre going to have continued employment data ahead of the next Fed meeting. There's a pretty decent chance that if this data continues to trend lower, as well as the revisions to trend lower, the Fed has the ability to actually make a maintenance cut and actually surprise the market. They have done this in the past. One thing I do want to point out though, is last week there was the NFP, or was it, I don't know, a week and a half ago? Whatever it was, the NFP print that came out where the headline was really high. And so people saw that and they're like, up. Employment is totally fine, but it's actually like, well, wait a second. Unemployment data ticked up. The unemployment rate ticked up. NFP was a boomer of a headline. But then when you look into the data as it relates to the household survey, there's a chasm between what is in the NFP versus what is in the household survey. And so I think over the past 13 months, based on what the household survey says relative to NFP, there's a difference of like 3 million jobs. And that is crazy. And even the, even Jerome Powell said, uh, publicly that there's a good chance that the NFP numbers are not correct, which in and of itself kind of tells you something that the head of Federal Reserve is, is not, uh, believing entirely the NFP numbers.
Speaker B: That was wild.
Speaker A: Yeah. And that, that is like pretty stark to see something like that. And, you know, I myself and others have, have been kind of joking, but also serious. On, on Twitter about, like, what if I told you it was all made up, right? It's kind of made up because if you look at something like the household survey data, it does not match what's happening with NFP. And in fact, there's a million fewer jobs from the household survey relative to what NFP is saying. So where are these jobs coming from? Well, you could actually point to illegal and legal immigration. A lot of these jobs get double counted in the NFP model, the way that they calculate things. And so from our perspective, or my asymmetric perspective, like, we think the employment data is actually rolling over. And if you look at a lot of the revisions, you're seeing that in addition to that, you're seeing a lighter CPI print, a lower PPI print, you're seeing the budget conscious consumers getting deals from McDonald's and Taco Bell and target and all these companies that are dropping prices. I mean, we talked about this a couple of weeks ago, James. That's deflationary. And I think even today Rick Reeder from Blackrock came out and said if you remove shelter from the inflation calculation, it's actually below 2%. And that's pretty material. Now, granted, shelter is a big piece of the CPI. I don't want to discount that. But if you remove that, other aspects of the economy are actually below the Fed's target. So you add all this up, it is an election year. Global liquidity is going to be picking up in the second half. It's hard to see a scenario where the Fed actually isn't cutting rates at least twice in 2024.
Speaker B: Yeah, I have the odds of rate cuts here, and it looks like the markets are pricing a decent chance that they cut in September, which I guess we'll see what happens with the data that comes out over the next three ish months. But that seems surprising to me. But I guess we'll see what happens. The other thing is, I would say, is all the stuff you were talking about, Joe, that's basically been the goal since inflation spiked up after Covid. So, I mean, yeah, goldilocks and no real recession like Phil was talking about would have been great, but I mean, like Powell was talking about, we're going to force us into a recession. It's the only way to stop inflation. So we might head towards there. I guess we'll. Fingers crossed. I don't want anyone to lose their jobs, but, yeah, the markets right now are pricing at least two cuts, more than two cuts by the January part, the January meeting, which is January 29.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think the big worry after the meeting last week was whether Powell is going to sit on his hands too long and let things deteriorate. And so if you have a shorter term perspective, how do you want to manage that? Because if the whole perspective by Powell and fed is like, okay, let's watch things deteriorate and then come in and rescue the market, then there might be some volatility in the interim. I think longer term, though, the path is very, very clear.
Speaker B: We're going to move on to essentially Nvidia. I mean, it sucks up all the air in the room and anything tradfi war related. It's the AI darling. I actually have been writing about one fund. It's a 71, $72 billion fund, the select sector Spider technology ETF ticker XLK, and it has this wonky index rules, and they're not really that wonky. It's just that the situation is so bizarre because we have three stocks in one sector in the technology sector, Microsoft, Apple, and Nvidia, that are all around $3.2 trillion in market cap. And essentially there's all these SEC diversification rules that force you to not be, like, overweight only a handful of stocks. You can't have more than a certain number of stocks above 50%. In this case, you have three stocks that would make up 60% of the technology sector in large caps in the United States. And there's all these rules that limit this. But the way this one works, it says whatever the smallest one that is pushing you over that 50% hurdle, you just go and cap it at 4.8%. So for the last, like six quarters, Nvidia has been growing like crazy. Like anyone listening to this probably has been hearing Nvidia. If you've been paying anything attention to finance, and it's just been growing up and it's weighting in, the fund has been going up 7%, 6%, 8%, and then every time it has a quarterly rebalance, it gets chopped at four and a, it goes down to four and a half. And I wrote in April, things are getting close to the point where Nvidia might pass Apple. And if that happens, Nvidia is going to get bought to the tunes of tens of billions of dollars. Right now, my estimate is about 11 billion. And whoever is the lowest, in this case, it's Apple, which happened this past Friday. It was smaller on a float adjusted market cap basis, which basically just means the size of the company and the shares that are actually freely traded. Washington, Apple was smaller than Nvidia so what happens is Apple's going to face twelve to $13 billion in sell pressure, and then Nvidia is going to have ten to $11 billion in buying pressure solely due to this one ETF and this one wonky rule. And the best part is this could all flip. If all of a sudden Nvidia falls again, all of a sudden you're going to have the exact reverse happen in September, the next day to September 13. So this rebalance is going to happen this Friday, uh, June 21. We could go through this. If they don't change the rules, we could go through the same thing where if, if, you know, Apple manages to pass in video or Microsoft or both, by September, all of a sudden you're going to have over a $10 billion sale. So this kind of points to, like, some of the wonkiness and people complaining about passive investing, but I think it's just fascinating to look at. The three largest stocks in the world are all here. $3.2 trillion, which we can get into. Like, whether or not those valuations are real. I don't know how far down this hole you want to go, but I don't know if you guys have any comments to add there.
Speaker A: Yes, I mean, look, I saw it today on CNBC that they are going to be 20% of the XLK. And then shortly thereafter, there was some guest on saying that the path to $10 trillion market cap for Nvidia. I know we laugh about it, but that company is clearly a generational company. And I think more importantly, they have a really unique vertical integration for GPU's because they have with the Cuda Cuda, which is like the platform for developers to build on using their GPU's. That is like, that's kind of like apple and iOS, right? Like you got this really tight coupling there with developers and the actual hardware. Like, that's a really good business. In addition to that, I've seen Chatteregh in the United States that there's this aggressive move to get as many electricity leases locked up as possible and warehouses or space to build these enormous GPU supercomputers as a means of national defense. Who benefits from that? Probably Nvidia as it relates to crypto. There's been chatter of our dollars going into Nvidia that aren't going into crypto. Maybe. I mean, it definitely has outperformed a lot of crypto, that's for sure. You know, are you buying out of a $3 trillion market cap and expecting to get a three x on it? It's possible, certainly possible. But you know that a lot of, I think a lot of things have to go really right for Nvidia to achieve that level. On the crypto side, I would argue that you actually have way more potential upside versus something that's already. I mean, the equivalent is like, is bitcoin going to go up three x in, like the next, whatever, twelve months? It's possible, but it's unlikely. I would argue that altcoins and things that are beta to it have a better shot at it.
Speaker D: Yeah, I guess I have more of a question than any kind of like, answer to what's been going on. But do we think the flows into Nvidia are fundamentally driven or is it a passive bid? And that's a self reinforcing mechanism, driving. As it continues to become a larger part of these indices, more and more allocation gets driven into them and it becomes a bigger part. And if there's already low float because most of it is in passive, how much of a driving factor is that here? I don't even notice. I'm just.
Speaker A: I was going to say, James, you got to have some info on this, right?
Speaker B: Yeah. So ironically, Nvidia's actually has a relatively low passive ownership percentages. And the reason that Apple is technically smaller. So it literally came down to. So I talked about this, but float is basically what percentage of the shares are actually able to be traded and invested. And typically you take out any people that have held it for extremely long periods of time. So, like, Berkshire's allocation to Apple is considered not part of the float. Any internal employees or internal on the balance sheet of the company are not considered to be part of the float. So Apple's float is actually lower than Nvidia's because of those things. And I can tell you right now what the passive ownership number is of Nvidia. But it's like the average stock in the S and P 500 has like 18 ish percent of its shares owned by passive. It looks like that's roughly what Nvidia is, too. So I think it can be a little bit of a flywheel. So what people often mistake in the ETF world is there's, there's ETF's that are technically passive, but they have like, all these rules, like we just talked about one of them, it should be just market cap based, but like it's basically just buying more. But also you have these momentum funds that are going to be chasing this, and then the same thing happens. A lot of the stocks that end up being the most passively owned that like kind of potentially get distorted are the ones that, like, active managers don't really talk about. It tends to be like these reits and these utilities. Cause they fit into all these different categories. They fit into like small, captain, high yield real estate, all these. If you fit a bunch of different bubbles and you're like a relatively small company, all of a sudden your passive ownership percentages goes up. There's a couple stocks right now that around 50% passively owned that you've probably never heard of. But these big names, they really are, from what we can tell and what I can tell, I try to study this all the time. This is one of the top questions I get. Active is mostly driving what's going on here. And if you look at the numbers that Nvidia is putting out, it's not like they're, they're performing in there. I mean, granted their multiple is going crazy, but they're also putting up quarterly numbers that are just like absolutely mind boggling. A lot of it is probably because like some of these companies, like Meta and Google and you name it, Tesla, are just buying tens of millions of dollars of chips. I don't even think do they know exactly we're going to do with all these chips. I think people are just kind of like, at this point, it's almost like channel stuffing. They're trying to get, it's almost like forward looking to try and get their hands on these chips. That's my overall view. I'm not a portfolio manager, obviously, but I think some of the passive stuff is overblown. That said, there is this wonky stuff which I really try to dive into and figure out when it's happening and call it out. So actually you said CNBC report, I didn't get any credit, even though I was calling for it all last week and wrote multiple notes on it and Bloomberg wrote on it, but I guess they're a competitor to ours. So I got, we get no camera. Daggered me in the heart a little bit there, Joe.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's my bad. I will say some of the guys that I speak with in tradfi that work at hedge funds or PM's air. Nvidia is like crack rock for hedge fund managers. I mean, it is the purest momentum play. And also there's a risk, right? Like if you're a manager and you don't own any Nvidia, like your LP's might be a little upset with you. Like, what do you mean you don't own Nvidia? Right? And so some of this becomes like this self reinforcing feedback loop where hedge fund managers are chasing momentum, chasing performance, and then Nvidia guides insanely higher, even after another quarter of insanely higher guide, like, they have to participate in this. And I think fast money is absolutely driving a lot of the activity in Nvidia. And to your point, James, less than, you know, one fifth of passive bid is in Nvidia. Look at the price action in something like Nvidia. That's fast money. That's people playing momentum, that's people chasing performance.
Speaker C: I think Nvidia running and crypto running can coexist too, to the, like, Nvidia sucking the air out of crypto argument. Like, crypto ran a lot in 2021 alongside a lot of Zerp phenomena as well. So, you know, you can have multiple, you know, massive bull runs alongside each other. The market structure in crypto is a lot different now. And this is probably another conversation for another time. But you have less unsecured lending this cycle. You still have broader ownership of crypto, but you have a lot of old bitcoin moving around, getting sold, potentially around 70k right now. And it's like, once we sort that out and sort through that sell pressure, then I think the crypto bull run can continue, despite whatever happens with this Nvidia run.
Speaker D: Yeah. And I think to Joe's point about LP is asking, why don't you own this or that? When things start moving, that's when the questions start pouring in. And so bitcoins been consolidating for three and a half months. So right now, no one cares about crypto. Then bitcoin breaks out and it might go up 50% or whatever, and then lP's, again, are going to be asking, why don't you own bitcoin? And there's going to be that fast money FOMO factor for bitcoin. It's the most reflexive asset, really, there is.
Speaker B: Yeah. I just throw this chart up here to show what we're talking about. That blue line is Nvidia, and this is market cap. I mean, this thing in 2022 was a $431 billion company, and right now it's 3.2 trillion, just as big as Microsoft and Apple. And it's crazy how clustered they all are right at the top there. So I just wanted to show that for anyone who's actually watching on the video and not just listening to the podcast, it's kind of a staggering chart to behold. Does anyone have anything else on this topic, or should we move on.
Speaker A: Yeah, let's move on to the David Hirsch topic.
Speaker B: Yeah. Why don't you set us up here?
Speaker A: Yeah, so, I mean, I think this is pretty new today, so. David Hirsch. I think it was the guy. What is it? Yeah, the. He's the. He's the chief of the crypto asset enforcement division at the SEC, and he resigned today after nine years on the job. So that's the topic. What should we discuss, folks?
Speaker B: What? Let's go around with theories. I have two potential theories here, mostly, but I don't do Phil or Kelly. Do you have anything to add?
Speaker D: Well, it initially was announced that he joined. He was joining pump fun, and I.
Speaker C: Guess that that turned out pump fun, right?
Speaker A: Of course. Of course it was fake.
Speaker B: That would only happen in Defi and crypto. Like, I saw that and I was like, is this real? I think everybody's reaction was that, like, this is the actual pump.
Speaker A: My reaction was not that fun. Are you kidding me?
Speaker B: I knew it was fake, but I partially, like, was like, wait, what are the odds that this isn't fake? I fell for it for a couple seconds. I'm not gonna lie.
Speaker D: I definitely did as well.
Speaker A: What's your theory, Kelly?
Speaker C: I think there's a boring answer here, and I don't know. There's lots of ex regulators working for large crypto companies to help them stay on the right side of history. And I wouldn't be surprised if he shows up at one of them.
Speaker A: Inevitable going to happen. I mean, when Gary Gensler either gets fired or resigned, he's going to probably end up at Fidelity.
Speaker B: Or dare we are blackrock until. Until he can jump on another ticket for whoever the next democratic nominee is, would be like.
Speaker A: I mean, look, I do think, you know, we kind of. I think we alluded to this in our last pod, James, about, like, the political landscape radically shifting with, with, you know, with Trump and with. With even Biden doing this kind of about face. And, you know, I think if we tinfoil hat this a bit, you could look at this and go, is this the result of some of the stuff that's happening in the Biden administration? It's not a stretch to assume that. I don't think we can know that for certain. But, you know, you saw the FDIC, the guy basically behind Operation Choke point one, point zero and two point zero resigning a few weeks ago. You now have the head of the enforcement division for crypto resigning at the SEC. Uh, you have Biden accepting, um, uh, crypto as a form of political donation money, which is insane, given everything that the Biden administration has done for the crypto industry.
Speaker C: Wild.
Speaker A: Um, and also, like, I think there was a. Something leaked. I don't know if it was confirmed or not, that. That he's like, uh, attending some conference or bitcoin mining something. Something. I don't know. The point that I'm getting to is that the 180 that's happening from the political landscape with respect to crypto in the US for the Biden administration, and clearly Trump has been on board for a couple months now, doesn't seem unreasonable that this guy might have gotten the nod to kind of like, you know, move on. But we can't actually know that for certain unless he confirmed it.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's along the lines of one of my theories. Like, I was thinking maybe there's been a change at the SEC. Like, we can't keep going down this path. And he disagrees with it, potentially, and he thinks we should be litigating it. That was one theory. The other theory was more along what you said. And then my main one is like, I wonder if he sees the writing on the wall. What lawsuit has the enforcement agency won, aside from the plain and obvious scams? I think the courts are going to dictate what crypto policy is at this point unless Congress steps in. From his point of view, he was leading the charge on what was going on with Terra. You know, in that case, it's pretty much that. I think that's done, as far as I'm aware. And he was very involved in that. But, like, at this point, anything he does is going to be extremely challenging. Courts could end up with the supreme courts. They're losing left and right. Like, the writing is on the wall that this isn't, that what they've been doing wasn't the right way to go about this, which is something that everyone in this industry has been arguing forever. Like, just sit down with us, come up with some rules, give us some actual guidelines that we can follow. But here we are.
Speaker A: Sorry to interrupt, James, but didn't, didn't they recently announced that they're reducing the ripple settlements? Like $100 million or something? Like, I saw some news that, like, the settlement that they're, that they're floating out for ripple is like, now only $100 million went in. Before it was like billions of dollars or something. I mean, to your point, James, and sorry to interrupt. It was like, they're taking l after l after l. And even the current administration is now, like, leaning in heavily into crypto. It's like, what's the point of someone like this guy staying at the SEC?
Speaker D: Yeah. Opportune time to just jump, dip and go make a bunch of money somewhere else.
Speaker A: Exactly.
Speaker B: I mean, even if it's not the Biden admin we know for a fact like it's right now, you could argue whether or not the Biden admin is truly softening on crypto or they're just kind of like taking a small step back. We can say without a doubt that the democratic party as a whole, in the Senate and in the House is definitely softening on parts of what's going on with crypto. I don't even think that's up for a debate anymore. All right, let's wrap up here. We're over an hour now. I guess the last thing to talk about was, is my area, ethereum, ETF, everyone wants to know when they're going to happen. I'm pretty sure I said on here last time that I thought early July was a good over under. We're sticking with that. We had her over under July 4. I don't know why Belt, you know, felt the need to move her over under to July 2 because he really felt like if he had to pick a date, he wanted to move it up before July 4. So that's basically July 2 is our over under date. What we know all these potential Ethereum ETF issuers were told to file their s one s or those documents to the SEC on May 31 by the whatever, sometime on May 31. They just got those comments back from the SEC recently, late last week, I think Friday, potentially. So that's when we started saying, okay, things are actually moving. But it did take them two weeks. From what we know, the comments were relatively minimal. They weren't like drastic changes that were required. So that's a positive sign for things moving quickly. So, yeah, we think end of June, early July, assuming there's no big hiccups and there's no other issues, that could be the date that we see some of these things get approved and ultimately list.
Speaker A: And so do you think the trading will start around then, or what are your guys thoughts on that?
Speaker B: Yeah, so it depends what the filing say. So usually what they're going to do here is they go through this process and they grant them accelerated approval. So usually you file these things, then you have like a date on there, or you check a box that says, like some days after this filing will go live. What they're going to do is, I assume, or I be very confident saying they're going to let everyone go at once. And the way to do that is you check a box that basically leaves it up to the SEC when you launch, and the SEC can grant you accelerated approval, and then you can list basically, like the next day, once the accelerated approval happens. So my assumption is that's the way this is going to work. We're going to get those s one s, we're going to see those filing documents, and then they're going to go effective pretty much that day or the next day, and then they'll begin trading rather quickly, assuming everyone's lined up. But I can't imagine any of these issuers are not ready to go at this point. Like, they've had plenty of time. If they rush through this the way they rush through other stuff, maybe somebody could have gotten left behind. But at this point, everyone's got to be ready to go at this right now.
Speaker A: Yeah. Kelly, from your perspective, bringing the Galaxy institutional view here, what has been the kind of sentiment either internally at Galaxy or with Galaxy's clients? As much as you can talk about, about the Ethereum ETF, is it a non event? Is it a huge event? Is it middle of the road? What's been the sentiment around the Ethereum ETF approval?
Speaker C: Yeah, I'll preface this with that. I sit in our trading group, which is separate from our asset manager, who are filing for an ETF with Invesco. So this is purely from a institutional trading counterparty, POV. But I think the run up that we're seeing in ETH now is because the expectations were so low for the ETF, and then we had this pivot. Right. In terms of inflows and those being an event, it's, I think it's going to underwhelm relative to bitcoin, and I think that's almost expected now. So it could be one of those where the expectations are so low that it could exceed them. Right. Like there's no staking yield in these ETF's that matters a lot to institutions. Right. Like four to 7% yield, wherever it is, matters. And there's a lot more infrastructure from an institutional standpoint to, to do that yourself. So it'll be interesting to see. But I think the expectations are low. Hopefully. Hopefully they surpass it and it gives more momentum to the space.
Speaker A: That's a great point. It's almost no one, no one thought it was going to happen, and so it outperformed. And then people aren't expecting it to have a big showing, which means it might outperform. I love that as a trade. That's a good idea. What about you Phil, any thoughts on the ethereum ETF and how you guys are viewing it and positioning around it?
Speaker D: Clay, to that point on ETh didn't run up ahead of the ETF approval. ETH did run up pretty well with bitcoin. On bitcoins approval there was underperformance relative to bitcoin, but then basically in a single candle eth reclaim that. Basically that five months of underperformance relative to BTC. So im not sure that theres a mispricing necessarily here on the expectations. I think the biggest thing Im worried about is ethe and what unlocks there will look like relative to the buy pressure. Obviously GBTC has been a disaster with with the amount of outflows that have happened thats been offset with the huge amount of inflows. But I worry a little bit that theres not going to be enough inflows since its the second one to market to offset the amount of potential outflows from ethe. Do we have a view, is there clarity on what the pricing, what the fees will be for EThe?
Speaker B: We dont know for Ethe. We know that Franklin, whos the lowest cost ETF provider on the bitcoin side at 19 or 0.19%. Theyre the only ones that filed with a fee. So we wont see the fee until those effective filings I was talking about, everyones going to keep it close to their chest. My assumption is everyones going to launch right around the same fee they did for bitcoin. For these issuers, theyre not making tons of money on this. It costs more money to operate an ETF that holds like digital assets than it does to hold something like stocks. Just because the custodians cost more money. There's added process. So these guys aren't making tons and tons of money. So I wouldn't be surprised to see the fees be somewhere in the same ballpark. I am most interested to see the answer to your question, Phil. Are they going to do the same thing they did with GBTC? So GBTC, they took from 2% to 1.5% ETH is a 2.5% fee right now. Are they going to go to 1.5 again, which again is like a bigger drop off than what they did with GBTC? Or are they going to actually do something different? Who knows? I mean, honestly, everyone talks about how bad it was the GBTC outflows were. I mean GBTC has taken in more money in revenue for grayscale at a 1.5% speed, despite this $17 billion in outflows or whatever the number actually is, than every other ETF issuer of those bitcoin ETF's combined and likely is going to do better than them even just for the first. You could take these funds these five months and then not let GBC collect another penny from their ETF's. And the money they've collected in these five months is probably more money than any of these other ETF ETF issuer is going to collect for the rest of the year. I mean, obviously that can change. Bitcoin goes on massive runs or whatever, but if inflows come. But so it wasn't necessarily as much a losing strategy, it's just more. The other thing I would say is a lot of the money that left GBTC, aside from the bankruptcies and some of the people that were trading, like the discount, like there was a lot of traders out there, hedge funds, liquid hedge funds like you guys, that were buying it solely for the discount and they unloaded. Right. But for the most part, from what we can tell, a huge chunk of the outflows found their ways back into bitcoin itself or into other ETF's. I've talked to multiple people who basically took money out of GBTC and put it into another new ETF or put it directly into bitcoin itself. So I think if there is significant outflows in ETH, it's obviously going to be a bit of a drag in the price, but the amount of, like, there's not billions and billions of dollars of bankruptcy estates that are in ETH in the way that they were with GBTC. So I think the risks are slightly lower.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think thats actually the most important point, that ETH is not wrapped up in the same way in a lot of these bankruptcies, the way that GPTC was, and that was just automatic sell pressure. I dont know. Im pretty neutral. I think both of them in the long term are going to be hugely successful products. I think crypto Twitter gets really obsessed with which ones going to be better and theyre both going to be great. Once we can actually have these passive flows into crypto products in a massive way from these rias, that's going to be huge.
Speaker C: I was just going to say my view is very short term, and even if you set aside the long term Ra inflows, et cetera, it's bringing in massive hedge funds to trade in their strategies and it's onboarding them into trading a crypto asset trading, the basis, et cetera, and that itself is also a force that'll carry the industry forward.
Speaker A: Yeah, I was just going to say we have to end it on a good note. Phil said it's great for both of them. I'm like, well, there's your answer, folks.
Speaker B: I would chime in and add my number is like, I think they see 25% of the flows that bitcoin ETF's did, which would be a lot of money. And I think also money is like the dollar into an Ethereum ETF is more likely to move the price of Ethereum a little bit more than a dollar into a bitcoin ETF. And I've seen some studies out there, I haven't done it myself, that kind of confirmed that. So I think obviously it'll just depend how much money comes in and how positive it is for the price. Or I guess, theoretically, how much money comes out of ETh. Could be the flip side, too. But I'm with you guys. It's unquestionably a positive thing for the space to just be able to get access to those passive flows, no matter how small it is. And we think they're going to be a huge success. Though I'm a little more positive on the success rate of these Ethereum ETF's than my colleague Beltrianis, but we'll deal with that another time. All right, Kelly, Phil, thanks for joining Joe and I. This was a lot of fun. We'll have you guys back on again sometime soon.
Speaker D: Yeah, thanks for having us.
Speaker B: All right, guys, thanks for joining us for this episode of Bits and Bips. We'll be back in two weeks to discuss more about how the worlds of crypto and macro are colliding. Until then, have a good rest of your week.
