Speaker A: That's their argument. Their argument is like, well, hang on a second, I'm up ten x, you're up one x. Why am I giving up my ten x for two x? You know, that's kind of argument. It's not, not quite like that, but it's, I'm showing you the extreme of it. Like someone that had Solana could say they're up ten x and someone that had a meme coin that's at zero. You know, now they're dollarized, which they love.
Speaker B: Hi everyone.
Speaker C: Welcome to Unchained, your no hype resource.
Speaker B: For all things crypto.
Speaker C: I'm your host, Laura Shin, author of the Cryptobians. I started covering crypto eight years ago and as the senior editor, Forbes was the first main trade reporter to cover cryptocurrency full time. This is the May 10, 2024 episode of Unchained.
Speaker B: Did you know Unchained is much more than a podcast? Last year, we unveiled a completely redesigned website, enriching your experience with the latest news, insightful analysis, compelling op eds, and comprehensive learning articles and guides for beginners. Explore all this and more@unchainedcrypto.com. dot with itrust capital, you can buy and sell crypto in a tax advantage retirement account. Enjoy significant tax advantages, 24/7 access, and the industry's lowest fees. Polkadot is the original and leading layer zero blockchain with over 2000 plus developers, and the Polkadot 2.0 upgrade will be a massive accelerator for the ecosystem. Join the Community@polkadot.net work ecosystem community deploy custom crypto strategies and boost your yield with perpetual options on Vaultcraft, the Universal Defi adapter for supercharging your crypto. Learn more on Vaultcraft IO hey unchained listeners, as you know, it's hard keeping up with the fast paced world of crypto, so we've got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. you'll get the latest crypto news and original articles from our reporters, as well as summaries of other happenings and bullet points, plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. It's still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot whoa.
Speaker D: Landing an account this big will totally.
Speaker A: Change my landscaping business.
Speaker C: Its gonna mean hiring more guys and more equipment and new trucks for the.
Speaker D: New guys to drive the new equipment in, huh? I dont know if Im ready. You can do this and Ford Pro finsimple can help. Our experts are ready to make growing pains less painful for your business with flexible financing solutions that meet the needs of your business today when you need them. Get started@fordpro.com.
Speaker B: Financing today's guest is Thomas Brazil, managing.
Speaker C: Partner at 117 partners. Welcome, Tom.
Speaker A: Hi Laura. Good to see you.
Speaker C: There was some somewhat positive news this week that the FTX estate had filed its bankruptcy plan. And I say somewhat because that comes with a big fat caveat, which I'm sure most people in the crypto world will know and I'm sure we'll get into, but why don't you just give us the basics on what this news was and why it was being lauded?
Speaker A: Yeah, sure. So it's great news in terms of it being a milestone and we can pick apart to the plan. But basically the first substantive draft of a bankruptcy plan and what's called a disclosure statement were filed two evenings ago. I've kind of lost track of time because I haven't slept much because of just all of the, trying to read all the documents, summarize them for people that ask, and at the same time deal with payments that now that the numbers are out there, are interested in trying to sell. So a good way to think of a bankruptcy plan is like a contract. And this is like, again, my parents are bankruptcy lawyers and thanks for having me on. So we'll say it. It's kind of like everybody agrees to this contract and then the court stamps it in and the contract has to have certain provisions. Those provisions are the bankruptcy code. Basically, it has to follow those provisions. And for purposes of confirmation of a bankruptcy plan, the biggest section that you have, there are a lot of sections you have to meet, and it's under 1129 of the bankruptcy code. But what was basically filed as this first real draft where people got to see the numbers of what the debtor is putting forward and what the ad hoc committee and the UCC is still thinking of joining consensually the unseer creditors Committee, that is official committee. But it looks like this is a nice first draft and we can pick that apart. And then the big part as well, the contract is the plan. And then the part that kind of tells you how we got here and where we're going is a disclosure statement that's a little bit like a book report for what the plan is going to try to do and accomplish, because the plan is written kind of illegally. So sometimes it's hard to understand. And the disclosure statement tries to give them motivation as well as tries to err out or elucidate what the plan is trying to accomplish.
Speaker C: Okay. But the bottom line is that they're actually going to pay out more than 100% of the claims. And the reason why I said before that this was, quote unquote, somewhat positive news is because obviously this doesn't mean for the people who had crypto on the exchange, they will definitely receive far less in value than what they lost. So, for instance, if you held one bitcoin on FTX, you'll get back about $19,600, according to Matt Levine, who calculated that. And, you know, most people are aware of that right now. Bitcoin is now trading at more than $61,000. So obviously it's less than a third of the current value. And I did see some commentary, kind of in the comments section of articles on mainstream media where people were confused and they thought, oh, like, does this mean that Sam Bankman free didn't commit a crime? And just to make fully clear, the customers of FTX, they did not agree to become investors in a venture fund. Their agreement with FTX was that FTX would keep their assets safe, not that they would invest them long term. So, you know, none of this news means that Sam Penguin fried was not guilty of fraud or anything like that. So just to clarify things, you know that I've seen some misconceptions I've seen, but it is uncommon for bankruptcies to return more than what the creditors claims are for. So how did the estate manage to do that?
Speaker A: So before I go on to what, to answer your question, I want to comment a little bit. When you said the creditors definitely are being made whole in a crypto sense of the word I. And that's important to remember. And that was really never going to be, it was always going to be very hard, if not impossible, to make creditors whole on a crypto for crypto basis. And really, that speaks to the fact of why we're even here on a dollar at petition date value basis. We're made whole with post petition interest plus some upside. Sharing in the government fines is basically the rise in crypto. There were a lot of great assets that John and his team were able to sort of either liquidate or sell off or pull back via project advance or other causes of actions that they were able to pull back assets into the estate. But the other big thing was of course, just Solana ripping going from, I think, 20 or even maybe $18 at the time of the petition to whatever it is now, dollar 150. There were some great venture assets in there, but there were also bitcoin improving in value. I did see Matt Levine's article, by the way. He says 18,000. I think at the petition date, bitcoin was around that number. So if you're getting 118, you're getting more than that, right? So it's more like 20 something. And that's not 62,000, which is what bitcoin's at this afternoon. You know, it just depends if you were a lot of people as well. I think one of the things, if you actually look at the composition of assets that were in the estate at the time of the position, a lot of people were selling really hard their crypto in trying to liquidate so they could get money off, or trying to get their money off. Actually, the claim composition, about two thirds of the actual depositors assets are in stablecoin and fiat. And then, of course, you have another spectrum of meme coins and things like that, some even locked tokens. There's actually a small portion of people you're talking about here. I think they're the loudest voices, and they probably should be, because they're the ones that feel like they're. Is the word monetizing? Or sort of like they're kind of lifting the boats of the other people and they feel like, hey, hang on a second, that doesn't feel equitable to me. And we can talk about that. Those are like inner creditor issues. The claims are always going to be dollarized, because if you look at the bankruptcy code, the us bankruptcy code is pretty clear that you have to dollarize under 502 b of the bankruptcy code, like section 502. But I think the question was going to be, well, hang on a second, and I don't want to jump ahead because I know we're going to talk a little about this, but there are people that are still making title never changed hands arguments, and those are still going on. Someone brought what's called declaratory judgment, and that's been continued. The judge has authority basically to keep continuing that this plan is out now and then. And the people that they're trying to bring this are frankly, kind of a small faction of creditors. They have the right to be heard. They should be heard. And I respect, you know, that they will bring their arguments, but I think they have a tall order ahead of them because you have the bus moving in a very fast direction towards confirmation, which is John Rain, the debtor, plus the fact that 60 plus, 65 plus percent of the creditors were in stablecoin anyway going into bankruptcy. Plus you have distressed firms that bought up $4 billion in claims or $4.5 billion in claims, this petition. So you have a lot of constituencies now that don't really care about that argument. And so, not that shouldn't be heard, but that it's a tall order for them to bring it and they're more to it than just pointing to the terms of service and saying, oh, look, Sam said that title never changed his hand. Sam said a lot of things that were not true and could be considered unconscionable or not necessarily enforceable. So.
Speaker C: Well, so a couple of things. First, this whole issue about the dollarization of crypto claims and bankruptcy is, you know, it's been a point of sticking point for a long time, starting with Mount Gox, which happened more than ten years ago. And actually on the Unchained website today, we did publish an op ed from some lawyers from Allen and Ovary who created a proposal for what could be done otherwise, actually. So we'll put that in the show notes for people to check out. But the other thing I wanted to ask about was when you talked about the inner creditor issues. So you're saying basically like, people are saying like, oh, I had Saul on the platform. It's because of the fact that I had that money on the platform that people are getting more. It's like socializing their gains. Is that what.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker C: Oh, okay.
Speaker A: That's their argument. Their argument is like, well, hang on a second. I'm up ten x, you're up one x. Why am I giving up my ten x for two x? That's kind of argument. It's not quite like that, but I'm showing you the extreme of it. Like someone that had Solana could say they're up ten x and someone that had a meme coin that's at zero. Now they're dollarized, which they love. And I can appreciate that. But I think it's hard. You do need a rule stick at some point. And I also think the bankruptcy code is pretty clear on 502 B's and applicability, meaning dollarization. I'm not saying that, and I haven't read this op ed piece, that there are alternatives and we could talk about those and people can still present them. This is just a draft that should be clear that this is just a draft proposal from the debtor. It's just they don't make it lightly. A lot of time and effort went into this with a lot of constituencies to try to make it something that's approvable from a bankruptcy code perspective, but also to maybe get the required votes to get it through as well, which you don't necessarily need. You could still do a cram down.
Speaker C: What is the cram down?
Speaker A: A cram down is basically that you go to the court and say, we don't have the votes, your honor, but this follows and comports with the bankruptcy code and section 1129. For purpose of claim confirmation. We think you should confirm it anyway over the kicking and screaming of the impaired accepting class that hasn't. We haven't got the votes to approve it. So you can do cram downs. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, I don't think people maybe don't realize that. They think, oh, we'll just block the plan. It's like, yeah, there are no girl gotchas in bankruptcy because it's a court of equity, meaning the judge has, like, the unilateral authority to do anything to bring equity to a situation. As I say, unilateral. There are boundaries, but they have a wide berth to interpret the code and do things that they think bring equity to a situation. Kind of like the declaratory judgment thing. Like the judge doesn't really want to, doesn't want to rule on it yet to keep sort of punting the issue when traditionally, when you follow declaratory judgments, it's supposed to be heard within a certain, like, specific timeframe that's pretty short, and that's why people do them. But, you know, this is like the theory versus the practice of bankruptcy. I would note just before we move on to something else is okay, you can say, okay, title never changes hands. Things and guys where they feel like they were all in Solana and they should get that uplift. Those are hard to help unless they actually win the title argument. But for generally, for the creditors, like, 90 plus percent of the value is going to them. So even if you did it differently, it's not like you're going to get a different result. There's only so much value in the estate. There's what, 1415, $16 billion of assets? That's all there is. It's not going to change because we're changing the way the plan works now in our creditor, it might change based upon what you think is right. And I was a little not surprised, but I wasn't sure if they were going to try to get a bump for people that had crypto versus stablecoin. Like if you had bitcoin and you had Solana or something in your account, and that was a big contributor to uplift, you weren't going to get a little bonus. But I guess this is kind of what the debtor and the ad hoc kind of put together. And I assume the UCC is pretty close to fully supporting this.
Speaker C: Okay. Yeah, I personally do think it probably would have made sense if they'd given the people with stable coins like 100% and then everybody else got the uplift. But one last thing before we move on more into some of the criticisms was just quickly I wanted to ask that the speed with which they came up with this plan is, I think, like really remarkable. Apparently, you know, for instance, Enron took about three years to get its bankruptcy plan in place.
Speaker B: So what allowed this to be finished so quickly?
Speaker A: Oh, I think just the how fast they were able to get to like 100% plus repay based on petition date values. Now, again, we can start arguing over who gets the uplift, but you still have to dollarize. And then you can start talking about how the, the excess spoils get caught up. I think a lot of it is actually what led to the speed. And also John set a pretty aggressive timetable. You know, love it or hate it and, you know, it's hard to say. You know, it's like there's certain business judgment. People, I think, sometimes conflate business judgment with somebody being a bad, bad guy. Like, you know, just being out, like, just having like, poor ethics or something. And those are two different things. I'm not saying, like, every single little thing someone does is a perfect judgment, but I will give them the benefit of the doubt for the most part and, like, let them, you know, sort of run the file or run the case the way that they, they see fit, within reason.
Speaker C: Okay. Yeah, I mean, because, you know, it is surprising considering that obviously he said this was the messiest case, most disorganized he's ever seen. So in a moment, we're going to talk about the multiple criticisms of this plan. But first, a quick word from the sponsors who make this show possible.
Speaker B: Polkadot is the original and largest layer zero blockchain. With over 2000 plus developers, the anticipated Polkadot 2.0 upgrade will be a massive accelerator for the ecosystem. Upgrading the infrastructure with eight times higher transaction throughput and twice as fast block times. Tailored core time for the needs of every protocol, trustless bridges to multiple chains, and revised tokenomics with a token burn to reduce inflation. Perfect for gamefi and defi to build, grow and scale. Get your web three ideas to market fast. Think big, build bigger with Polkadot. Join the community@polkadot.net. work ecosystem community did you know you can buy and sell crypto with tax benefits in an individual retirement account? ItrustCapital makes this possible. But what does this mean? When you buy crypto outside an IRA, like on an exchange, you face taxes on gains, but in an IRA, like a Roth IRA, gains can be tax free. ItrustCapital also has some of the lowest fees in the industry and 24/7 accessibility. Start now and maximize your retirement savings with itrust capital.
Speaker C: Back to my conversation with Tom. So as we mentioned there, we've already gotten into it. There are some different criticisms of the plan, and probably one of the most outspoken critics is Sunil Kavouri, who's a creditor, who is also a representative of the largest creditor group, and he is actually recommending that people vote no on the plan. So what are his criticisms?
Speaker A: So, yeah, I'll summarize his criticisms. We also maybe should have gone over just like the rough outline of the plan for people. I just want to get the take.
Speaker C: Sorry, go ahead.
Speaker A: Basically, majority of the creditors are going to be international. Below 50,000, they're going to get cashed out $50,000. Anybody with that 50,000 or less in what's called a convenience class, and they're going to get cashed out and basically get 100, $0.18 on the dollar based on your petition date values. Those are the biggest number or amount of actual claims that will help with the administration of the case. Bring down the administrative burn. Also take care of a lot of small creditors. So anybody with 50,000 and above is not in the convenience class, and they will be looking at 127 to 145. And those numbers are projections based on the liquidation value of what they get for their remaining assets. I mean, they still have anthropic to sell, they still have magic Eden to sell. They still got a number of tertiary things to sell, and that'll be based on, you know, just what they can get over the course of the next year or two. And they're pushing for plan confirmation basically this summer. They're talking about voting this summer and plan confirmation in September, with payments going out within 60 days of that confirmation. So if you push forward two months, that's November, checks for basically anybody with 50,000 and below, and you might get interim distributions for 50,000 up a few months later. It doesn't specify in 60 days for the larger creditors. The other parts that are interesting are FTX us is getting basically the same treatment. FTX EU. Some question marks around what these people are actually getting. They're definitely getting 100 cents, but the question is, are they getting 118? Are they getting 100? Are they getting 100, 127 and 145? The plan was extremely unclear because that's being run out of Cyprus. Also, I think there's some bahamian creditors that are part of basically the FTX.
Speaker C: FTX digital markets.
Speaker A: Digital markets have some tricky claim issues that we're seeing pop up. Lastly, any big broad pushes. Oh, and of course, no preferences. They're basically waiving all customer preferences as long as you vote in favor of the plan and you're not an insider and didn't have constructive knowledge of, you know, the bankruptcy, things like that.
Speaker C: And explain preferences again.
Speaker A: Yeah, and preferences, everybody's favorite topic. Basically any withdrawal made in your account within 90 days before the petition date is subject to what's called a 547, section 547 preference action by the bankruptcy state. And, you know, there were defenses to preferences, but the, given the recoveries in the case, the debtors basically come out in the plan and said, look, we're going to waive all preferences. As long as you vote for the plan, you'll get a release from the preference. I mean, it's good to see. It's also kind of like, okay, you're giving us something you were going to have to give us anyway. That's how the law basically works. We're giving you something we were going to have to give you anyway because you can't go after preferences if you have 100% repay cases. I mean, not only is it moot, because when you pay in a preference, you get a claim for that amount that you paid in. If it's 100% repay, you basically are giving 100 and then getting 100 back later. So it's not something to do. Also, just under the operation of the code, you can actually pursue them under 547 because you didn't get more than you would get in the liquidation. So those are the big broad brushstrokes of the plan.
Speaker C: Okay, so now let's talk about these criticisms of Sunil Kavuri and other people like him.
Speaker A: Sunil's big argument is around title not changing hands, and he's pointing to the terms of service. I think he has a decent argument because they're pretty specifically, they specifically say, you know, title remains with you the whole time. The issue is there's so much more from a legal standpoint that you need to develop and the facts actually matter. So you can't just like point to the contract and say, hey, this is what it says. So he's got a pretty tough road to hoe, or road to hoe, however you say it, to get to the result he wants. I mean, I would also say a few things like, I know, I don't know if this is just from public knowledge or how I know, but I'm pretty sure his claim is specifically FTT tokens. So I'm not even sure what if what he's doing is helpful to his own position. Maybe he just feels like he still wants to try to push for it. But I'm not sure it's so great for FTT tokens. I mean, currently, that was the other two big parts that I missed, both the pref equity. So all the VC's that invested in FTX over the years, FTT token, are getting zero in the proposed plan. Now, these things could shape shift over time. Maybe some of the venture capitals come out, maybe somebody with a big FTT position comes out and tries to push for different treatment. But right now it's looking like it's pretty uphill. So I think the title argument is been kind of marginalized by this plan coming out. And I think that the guys should really, if they, if they feel strongly, they should try to bring it. I'm not sure how helped Sunil himself personally, but I think for people that maybe had bitcoin, Ethereum, and Solana, big, big portions of their account, it's something to consider and listen to what he has to say and see if you want to join them. I don't know exactly if he has, like a formal group, because technically when you form groups, you're supposed to follow, I think it's a 1919 or 2019, like, who's a part of your actual group. But hey, I mean, it's interesting to see and kind of fascinating to watch, like, creditors actually organize in kind of new and interesting ways, honestly, over Twitter or something like that, and over, like, telegram groups. So the bankruptcy has never seen that before.
Speaker C: And so just to clarify, like, basically you are saying that he might get together people who held valuable crypto to say, like, the profits here should not be socialized. But as you point out, I do think I read somewhere that he had $2 million worth of FT tokens on the exchange. I will have to check to see if I can find that.
Speaker B: Just a quick note, everyone. After we wrapped, Sunil confirmed for me that he had $2 million worth of bitcoin, ether, and british pounds on FTX.
Speaker C: As well as a small amount of FTT. So, you know, in this case, where, you know, they were saying, like, people with FTT aren't going to get anything. Like, it's sort of weird. Like, it contradicts, you know, I don't know what his other assets were. Yeah.
Speaker A: But look, I think it's a valiant fight to go after the other, I think, named party is NoI capital or NOAA capital out of Switzerland. I know the guys there. I mean, I've just interacted with them over the case. Nice guys. I think they have a claim that fits that description, you know, where they feel like they're being socialized, their profits are being socialized. And I think it's, I think it's worth a shot. Maybe it ends up getting, making it where the settlement is a bump to people that had that, you know, maybe call it 10% bump, maybe 20% bump, but it's not gonna just, they're not just gonna give it to you. And I think we've seen through the, through the course of this case, at least in my opinion, John's pretty hard driving, and he's not just gonna give it to you. He's gonna make you actually, you know, come and litigate it. And so he's not going to give it to you until he has to, to maybe get the votes if that's needed. But again, they're still crammed down, stuff like that. You always like to see things consensual, and judges do as well. So maybe there's a compromise. Maybe, you know, you walk all the way to the 11th hour, and then literally right at plan confirmation, there's a little bump just to get the votes and to break, you know, no offense, to probably break open and half the people leave his thing to vote yes for the plan. This sort of jockeying will happen many times in bankruptcies, and you'll see iterations of plans to get the votes, basically to be able to get confirmation consensually.
Speaker C: Okay, do you want to just call out certain decisions that the FTX group made, which personally, you know, I do agree that they're a little bit confusing. So one of the criticisms that Sunil made was that the estate has, quote, destroyed and estimated over $10 billion in value for FTX creditors. So I don't know about that number, but one example that the block reported was they said that FTX sold a stake in Mistin Labs and token warrants for the sui token, and they sold it for $96 million. And now the block reported at least this week that the tokens are now worth more than $900 million.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker C: So I wondered if you thought that Sunil's claims in that regard had Merita.
Speaker A: Again, this is like a business judgment rule versus, like, an ethical issue. I don't know. You know, it's easy to say, like, you know, if they would have sold, come out of the gate and, I don't know, sold Solana for $30, everyone be like, you did it again. You lost $4 billion. So I think it's a little hard to, like, you know, whatever you call that, Monday morning quarterback it. I think, you know, the estate, of course, this is like a historic, you know, bankruptcy and historic crypto bankruptcy. And so I'm sure stuff like that doesn't happen. That was a stark one. I know that a lot of people pointed out, and I don't know the actual timing, but again, I think it's a business judgment issue, and the estate was trying to. It was very early in the case, and the state was trying to get money in. Recently, I had heard through the grapevine that they had a pretty sizable piece of magic Eden, which now, because Solana's back and because of meme coins kind of coming and being a. Not that they weren't a thing, but becoming sort of in vogue. You've got, I guess they sort of take the pole position with Solana and NFTs that are on that versus opensea, and they're talking about a very aggressive valuation for it. Now, if the estate would have sold that in the very beginning of the bankruptcy for 10 million, which I think the original investment, that would look very dumb, because now, apparently, this is worth a few hundred million dollars. So I'm just sort of playing devil's advocate a little bit on this. Again, I think it's a business judgment versus an ethical issue.
Speaker C: Okay. Yeah. And then last quick thing. And probably this also falls under the, I guess, category of business judgment. But I did see also people are criticizing them for not doing the FTX 2.0 reboot, which potentially crypto exchanges. They do make good money.
Speaker A: So I was surprised that they went down so deep on it. And I heard probably, like yourself, rumors about certain bids that were put in and how the state wasn't taking us seriously. Seriously. And I heard some of these rumors from certain firms that shall remain nameless. I can't speak to it. I don't think from a bankruptcy perspective, if you think of a state professional trying to get into his head, John, or any of those state professionals, they really just want to look good. They want to have the highest recovery, make the most amount of fees for themselves, and look the best. If someone's going to write a $500 million check and let them restart the exchange, and you look like a genius, that's great. I think the problem that the FTX 2.0 really ran into is feasibility issues. And I don't think any of the. I know. Bitfinex was a good, was a, was a positive example because there was a debt recovery token. But outside of that, I can't think of any crypto sort of exchanges or any sort of these c five platforms, let's call them in, crypto, that were able to successfully reorganize in the traditional sense where there's a reboot of.
Speaker C: Okay, yeah. Let's also talk about the Sullivan and Cromwell issue, because I guess they've earned more than $320 million on this case, and they are named as defendants in the class action lawsuit that I think Sunil and, you know, other people have brought. So, you know, obviously, amongst a certain set, they're controversial figures. Obviously, Sam Banquet freed has had a beef with them and says, you know, they have this conflict of interest. So I did see people taking exception to the fact that in this plan, there's a so called exculpation clause that means that they and others involved cannot be sued. What are your thoughts on that?
Speaker A: Oh, man, this is, like, hot topic in bankruptcy, even outside of crypto, these releases and exculpation clauses and even third party releases. Like. Anyway, so there's clearly some conflicts of interest. I recall from the docket there is conflicts counsel that was hired to look into repetition activity by Sullivan Cromwell. I think it was Quinn Emanuel, which are no slouches when it comes to looking at, you know, just practitioner behavior. So that's good to see. You know, I can't speak that much to it. It'd be nice to have a different counselor that wasn't conflicted. But we're kind of here, and I like to think that they're, you know, you're talking about some of the bigger, biggest law firms in the world, so it's not like they chose, like, some rinky dink law firm that was already helping Sam pre petition it. I mean, and sometimes people will make these connections, and it's like, okay, yeah, but Goldman's, like, probably one of the better counterparties. Yeah, okay, maybe there's a connection, but also is a big firm, and you can say the same thing about a lot of these big firms. Like, you know, sometimes the joke and people, lawyers, the lawyer joke of, you know, if there's no conflict, there's no interest. But I really think it doesn't look great. I think it should be investigated. I think Quinn as independent counsel is investigating it. And I, in his third part, this sort of lawsuit outside of the bankruptcy is interesting. We'll see. They'll probably be able to shake the trees and get something. And, you know, maybe they did. You know, the disclaimers deserve it. It doesn't, it doesn't look great, but I think we're kind of here and it's so far removed from the bankruptcy. I don't really keep up with it too much. But, you know, anybody that thinks they have cause of action like that should consider bringing it. I know it's another part to your question, but that's how I would say.
Speaker C: I mean, yeah, no, I basically was just asking, you know, what your thoughts were on that. I did want to also just ask about this fact that the us government is going to withhold 24% in backup withholding at the time of the payouts. So what does that mean for the non us taxpayers who are creditors?
Speaker A: So it's rather unfortunate, but we've had these issues when we've participated in either foreign bankruptcies or us bankruptcies where my client was, whatever offshore entity of some kind is, they do many times not, you know, they want to be pretty conservative. They don't, they don't want to get in trouble for not withholding tax. And if you read, you know, the IR's code, this, this comes up a decent amount is my point, in bankruptcy. And it is quite possible that people will have withholding tax issues. Someone was saying, well, there's no withholding tax in blockfi. And they seem, you know, to be just fine. I'm like, so I looked at the plan, actually, I was just looking at literally last night, and that's not actually the case. There is some withholding tax issues, so people need to consider it. There is a dual track where you can go down and file a claim in the Bahamas. And my understanding, and this is, you know, someone who's read a lot on this, on these subjects because it's been coming up in the bankruptcy, but not as a tax expert, that there is no withholding tax in the Bahamas. So if something that really concerns you and you've talked to your lawyer and you've spoken to a tax advisor, maybe that's a good route for you. Otherwise you know, of course there's an active market for claims and I think some of the trade claim guys using this to get people to come out and sell their claims. I think it needs to be thought through, but there is potential to have withholding and it's something you need to think about and see if there's a way to potentially not like, I guess in, I'll tell you in blockfi, you have to fill out a form that says this is effectively connected income to the states. But my understanding is once you do that, I think you have to file a return. So I think it's just something you really need to talk to a tax expert about. But for the smaller creditors who maybe don't have the capital, maybe some people can band together and get some tax advice on this. But the thing about the bankruptcy estate is they really, they're not going to give you too much clarity on it. It's because they don't, they themselves don't want to be giving out tax advice. So it's tough on the individual creditor. I think they'll be more disclosed. This is the kind of thing where as the plan and the disclosure statement sort of get massaged and you see version two and three, you will see more clarity and more specific clarification around these topics like how the distribution process work, what the holding, holding tax will be, and that'll be really good for creditors. So I know there's been, you were talking about problems that people were seeing the plan. Those are big problems. I see logistical issues that need to be not addressed. But just massaged and talked to with the big constituencies about what are affecting creditors. Withholding tax and logistics of distributions are two big topics that I think will need to be addressed.
Speaker C: Okay, we'll go into that more about logistics of distributions because, you know, I did see one of the issues people have with this is the fact that like paper checks are being used. So, yeah, talk a little bit more about that.
Speaker A: So the current version of the plan, again, it's a draft. It's very vague and it basically says, you know, we're going to be paying out us dollars. And I don't think, it doesn't say checks, but I think, by the way, it's worded. People are summizing that like, hey, this just basically could be a check in the mail because they don't specify wires. So I think it's possible they're going to get more clarity on this. And what will probably end up happening is for smaller creditors, will be checks for larger creditors they'll have the option to do check or wire. I also think if you read the plan, one other just go issue is they say us dollars. I think, you know, someone in Germany or in London or in Singapore, in Hong Kong or wherever, they're going to have issues with this. So I think they're going to probably have to move to multi currency potentially. I don't think they're going to use stable coins. I know a lot of people are upset. They're like, hey, we're crypto bros, we want to be in crypto or we're crypto people, we want to be in crypto. And I think that that's going to be a tall order because it's going to add a lot of administrative expense and complexity. I know people think, oh no, actually it's even easier. I just don't see that in the cards. It's possible. And if something really feels strongly about should push forward whether, you know, I wouldn't recommend writing a letter but trying to talk to other creditor bodies and see if you can get their support maybe through the UCC or the ad hoc. But I do see those two big things like probably having more payment agents and also having multi currency will be something that will maybe be added as the versions of the plans for the versions come out.
Speaker C: Okay. Yeah, it's one of those things where it is definitely easier for all the claimants or creditors, but then it pushes the burden of that on the bankruptcy estate and they may not be fully set up, you know, to do that. But anyway, I guess the last thing to ask just is, you know, how likely is it, do you think, that creditors won't vote no and like what are kind of the next steps, you know, for, for all this?
Speaker A: So the next steps are the plans out there. The UCC hasn't fully committed to supporting it. The unscrewed creditors committee, just to be clear, the ad hoc, I'm pretty sure I'm most positive, has. So that's a big creditor body, remember, the ad hoc is I think, four plus billion dollars of creditor claims. A lot of the big distressed firms are part of the ad hoc. It was their way of having a voice without being on the official creditors committee because they didn't own claims at the petition date. I mean you technically can be on there, but the unscrup creditors committee was formed in the first couple of weeks of the bankruptcy so a lot of these guys didn't have large positions. So the next steps are really, you'll probably see the plan talked about in the next couple of court hearings, people will start bringing up issues. The judge will start, you know, asking the debtor, hey, what are you doing about this? And what do you think of this person's issue? And is there a way to consensually resolve this? Judges love to not decide things and basically push everybody into a settlement. What they do is, do you really want me to rule on this to one side? And then they say, do you really want me to rule on this? I think you guys can figure out a solution. You guys aren't that far apart. And so you'll see that over the next couple of months. Then in the summer, basically, once the disclosure statement and sort of plan are approved for voting or solicitation purposes, that'll be coming out. People will get ballots. And in this summer, you'll be voting, basically, probably checking a box, logging in, checking a box, and like, maybe putting in some, some code just to, you know, to verify who you are, that kind of thing. So the ballots, the voting, and then plan confirmation in September and hopefully distributions later in the year. So that's the rough outline. And within that, you will see all those little faction, all those little issues we were talking about whether some people maybe start filing objections to the plan because they don't like some portion of it. You will see stuff like that on the docket, and they'll be pretty limited in scope. And then you'll have people that'll file wild motions that will just not have any bearing on anything. And then you'll have, like, the Sunil title never changes hands terms of service argument, which we'll see where that comes to a head. And if that honestly could end up being pushed, even post confirmation, which is kind of crazy. But then there have to be some hold back. So that would hold back more capital for people with over 50k claims from getting their money, because you'd have to hold back and reserve the capital in case the state lost that argument. And then a lot of it had to flow to those parties, if that makes any sense. So you can always have plan confirmations and still after confirmation, have a decent amount of arguments and litigation going on, and you're just reserving capital back.
Speaker C: Okay. All right. Well, clearly this is going to drag out much further, but thank you so much, Thomas, for explaining all this on Unchained.
Speaker A: Oh, Lord. Thanks for having me on.
Speaker C: Don't forget, next up is the weekly news recap today presented by Watercraft AI. Stick around for this week in crypto after this short break.
Speaker B: Hey, all I'm excited to share some news with you. Unchained has launched a new crypto and macro podcast. I highly recommend you watch the first episode of bits and bits exploring how crypto and macro collide one basis point at a time. Hosted by experts James Seifert, Alex Kruger and Joe McCann, they dive into why we might be in a super cycle, an intriguing theory on what the might.
Speaker C: Say about ETH tethers business, and much more.
Speaker B: Dont miss it. Deploy custom crypto strategies and boost your yield with perpetual options on Vaultcraft, the universal Defi adapter for supercharging your crypto. With version V one five users can now earn options on optimism and arbitrum, while also rebalancing multi strategy yield products.
Speaker C: All in one vault.
Speaker B: Mint Vaultron vaultcrafts NFT reward optimizer to earn even more in xenore points. From institutional service providers to Defi Degens, anyone can deposit any asset into vaultcrafts products to instantly start earning yield on their crypto. Learn more on Vaultcraft IO.
Speaker E: Welcome to this week's Crypto roundup. In today's recap, we explore Binance's handling of allegations against a high value client, the progress of Ethereum's EIP 7702 for its Pectra upgrade, secs enforcement against robinhood crypto grayscales withdrawal of its Ethereum futures ETF application, the rise of fantasy top and pump fun and Defi rankings, the Athena and Bybit partnership to boost USdE and the challenges facing airdrops highlighted by modes price drop. Thanks for tuning in to the weekly news recap. Lets begin binance faces criticism for handling of allegations against a high value client, according to a report from the Wall Street Journal. Binance's commitment to thwarting suspicious trading was tested when an internal investigation revealed that a high profile client known for a lavish lifestyle, including owning a Lamborghini, was manipulating markets. Despite these findings, Binance chose to retain the client and dismiss the investigator who uncovered the malpractice. This decision sparked concerns among former company insiders, suggesting that binance prioritized profit generation from large clients over implementing robust market surveillance. Such actions seem contradictory to the platform's stated goal of ensuring a safe and trusted trading environment. The situation reflects a broader issue within the crypto industry, where large exchanges face scrutiny for potentially overlooking manipulative practices to preserve lucrative trading fees. Binance, however, has denied these allegations, asserting a strong commitment to market integrity and user safety regardless of the financial stature of its users. A company spokesperson emphasized their rigorous surveillance framework designed to combat market abuse and uphold the platform's safety. Vitalik Buterin's EIP 7702 gains momentum for Ethereum's Petra upgrade Ethereum improvement Proposal 7702, introduced by co founder Vitalik Buterin and his team, is rapidly gaining traction among developers, suggesting its potential inclusion in Ethereum's next hard fork. Named Pektra. It seeks to enhance Ethereum by allowing externally owned accounts to temporarily transform into smart contract wallets for a single transaction, reverting to their original state thereafter. The proposal emerges from extensive discussions within the Ethereum community, particularly around earlier improvement proposals like EIP 3074 and EIP 4337. EIP 7702 is designed to refine the path toward what's termed account abstraction, aiming to convert all eoas into smart account wallets, thereby boosting both security and user experience. Lucas Shor, co founder of wallet infrastructure maker Safe, highlighted EIP 7700 two's advantages over EIP 3074, noting its leaner approach and compatibility with ERC 4337, which prevents the emergence of fragmented ecosystems within Ethereum. Additionally, EIP 7702 addresses concerns about quantum computing threats by enabling the use of stronger cryptographic schemes and quantum resistant technologies. Robinhood crypto faces SEC enforcement Action Robinhood, a prominent retail trading platform, has received a wells notice from the US securities and Exchange Commission regarding the crypto tokens traded on its platform. Issued on May 4. The notice is a preliminary step by the SEC to bring enforcement action indicating possible violations of securities law. Robinhood's chief legal officer, Dan Gallagher, expressed confidence in the legitimacy of their listings. He stated, we firmly believe that the assets listed on our platform are not securities. The company is prepared to defend its stance, with CEO Vlad Tenev indicating readiness to contest the matter in court if necessary. This move comes amidst a broader SEC crackdown on the digital currency industry, with the regulator asserting that most cryptocurrency tokens are securities. Robinhood, which has previously attempted to register as a special purpose broker dealer for digital assets, faced a setback in its efforts and has since delisted certain tokens like Solana, Cardano and Polygon. Following the SEC's action, Robinhood shares experienced initial volatility but ultimately rose by 2%. Grayscale withdraws Ethereum futures ETF application amid regulatory uncertainty Grayscale has unexpectedly withdrawn its application for an Ethereum Futures trust ETF with the SEC, a move that has puzzled many. Initially filed on September 19, 2023, the application was retracted on May 3 after the SEC delayed its decision three times, with a final verdict due on May 30. James Seyffert, a Bloomberg ETF analyst commented on the withdrawal, suggesting that the original filing may have been a strategic move by Greyscale. This was essentially a trojan horse filing to create the same circumstances that allowed Greyscale to win the GBTC lawsuit, Seyfart said. However, he also noted that this early withdrawal might have been a way to avoid aggravating the SEC, as it would reduce the regulator's workload. The broader sentiment around the approval of a spot ether ETF remains pessimistic, with only 7% of market participants on polymarket believing an approval will occur by the end of May. Fantasy top and pump fund surge and Defi rankings by fees generated two relatively new platforms, Fantasytop and pump fun ascended to the 6th and 7th positions among crypto protocols based on fees generated on Wednesday. These platforms, only a few months old, have quickly amassed significant trading volumes and user engagement. Fantasy Top, a decentralized exchange specializing in trading cards featuring prominent crypto personalities, now sits just behind TROn and ahead of the BNB smart chain Dex pancake swap in the rankings. Meanwhile, pump Fun, known for its meme coin launch and trading services, currently occupies the 8th spot. The game Fantasy top has turned crypto influencers into Ethereum NFT trading cards. Players earn crypto and in game prizes by assembling lineups of these cards with their value. Driven by real world Twitter engagement, this inventive approach has captivated crypto Twitter, leading to a surge in the platform's popularity and fee generation. Athena and Bybit Partnership aims to boost USDE growth Athena has partnered with the cryptocurrency exchange Bybit to enhance the use of its synthetic dollar USDE. This collaboration will allow USDE to be used as collateral for trading perpetual futures on Bybit, offering a yield on this collateral, a feature uncommon among other stablecoins such as USDT. Bybit's integration includes trading BTC, ETH and SOL through its unified trading account, as well as adding BTC, USDE and ETH USDe spot pairs. Additionally, USDE will be part of bibits earn platform, facilitating launch pool farming for new tokens. Despite a promising start with rapid market cap growth to $2.39 billion, USDe's growth has recently stagnated. Guy Young, founder and CEO of Athena Labs, highlighted the potential impact of this partnership on the stablecoin market, suggesting it could challenge the dominance of traditional stablecoins by providing benefits for crypto native users and optimizing trading efficiency. Mode's price plunge highlights challenges among airdrops the market's latest airdrop saw modes native token drop over 60% immediately after release, signaling potential issues with the overall airdrop strategy. Other platforms such as Kamino, Renzo, Parkle, Wormhole, and friend tech have experienced similar declines post Airdrop, underscoring a growing skepticism about the effectiveness of this approach. Recently, community reactions have played a significant role in shaping airdrop outcomes. For instance, the Eigen foundation faced intense backlash for its initial distribution plan, prompting a revised allocation to appease angry users. Uniswap founder Hayden Adams has weighed in on the topic, advising projects against being stingy with token distributions and urging them to create real liquidity from day one. And that's it. Thanks for joining us today.
Speaker B: Unchained is produced by me Laura Shin without from Matt Pilchard, Juan Aranovich, Megan Davis, Pamela Jimdar, and Margaret Kuria. Thanks for listening. Unchained is now a part of the Coindesk podcast Network. For the latest in digital assets, check out markets daily five days a week with host Noel Atreson. Follow the Coindesk podcast Network for some of the best shows in crypto.
