Speaker A: And yes, you have some tales of 20%, 10% of these people who are like really bought in and interested in the thing that you're doing, but you just have this ball of money or activity that's just jumping around. And so there's just this disconnected relationship between give us, give us these tokens and we release so many tokens we're giving and how we're doing. It's like, give us more tokens. Like if you don't give us more than the community is going to hate you. And there's so much entitlement.
Speaker B: Hi everyone. Welcome to Unchained. You're no hype resource for all things Crypto. I'm your host, Laura Shin, author of the Cryptopians. I started covering Crypto nine years ago and as a senior editor at Forbes, was the first mainstream media reporter to cover cryptocurrency full time. This is the June 21, 2024 episode of Unchained. With iTrust capital, you can buy and sell crypto in a tax advantage retirement account, enjoy significant tax advantages 24/7 access and the industry's lowest fees. Polkadot is the original and leading layer zero blockchain with over 2000 plus developers and the Polkadot 2.0 upgrade will be a massive accelerator for the ecosystem. Join the community@polkadot.net work ecosystem community hey unchained listeners. As you know, it's hard keeping up with the fast paced world of crypto, so we've got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. you'll get the latest crypto news and original articles from our reporters, as well as summaries of other happenings and bullet points. Plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. It's still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. today's guest is Brian Pellegrino, co founder and CEO of Layer Zero Labs. Welcome, Brian.
Speaker A: Hello Laura. Thank you so much for having me back again.
Speaker B: Congratulations on what has definitely been, at the very least, an interesting airdrop. And it's up to, I guess, the individual to decide whether or not it's successful, which we will dive into. But let's start with kind of the main aspect of this that everybody's been talking about, which is that layer zero decided to do an anti Sybil campaign. So why did you decide to do that? What kinds of problems were you trying to solve with airdrops?
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, I think the biggest thing is, obviously when you do, like, your initial distribution, it's pretty important. How are you going to take a bunch of people who have, like, let's say the protocol is a resource as this token that wants to distribute. And the best, like, the best thing for the protocol is to get it in the hands of the most maximally aligned people. You want the people who have been extremely supportive, who will continue to be supportive. The best developers are going to have been building around the ecosystem just because they love it. And you want them to have like this, this interest or say or vote or stake or whatever it is in the overall network. And so you're really trying to, like, back into that end setup, right then setup is like have a great distribution of people who are like extremely aligned. And then the problem is, in our case at least, is there's this massive, massive meta, just like, of airdrop farming. And this for us is we launched back in 2022. And I remember when we hit our first, even our first, like thousands of messages, we were excited. And it took us almost a year to hit a million messages. And then all of a sudden there became, all of the airdrops became just extremely popular. And so we had this crazy surge in traffic where all of a sudden we were doing almost a million messages a day. And that was like, we never said anything. We never mentioned anything. It was just like people started to place. We raised this really large round. We raised around at a billion and around at 3 billion. And people started saying, oh, of course they're going to do a token soon, and if they do a token, of course they're going to do this. And so we better start farming. And so we had 133 million messages over 70 chains. There were 6 million unique wallet addresses. And so it's just like a total mess. And a lot of those are just, they're just bots. They're just these accounts who are civil farmers, are single, single entities are controlling, you know, we found clusters of like 50,000 plus accounts controlled by one person. And so if you look at a lot of the distributions recently, a lot of them just go, go to these people. You don't get any of the users that you want. They get the super majority of rewards. They dump the rewards. And then, you know, the people who you are supposed to be rewarding end up, end up getting nothing. And so we decided to take sort of this pretty contrarian stance that this is a bad thing in the industry overall, and that we want to have real users, you want to have durable users, you back into that, and then it became a question of, like, how do you actually solve for that? And you tell me how much you want to dive into that. But that in itself has been a whole other journey. And I think I've learned more about civil and detecting civil than I ever thought that I would. But I've spent like a month doing nothing else but that and has been very interesting.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, tell us, you know, how you were thinking about this and how you came up, even just with that initial announcement of, you know, 0% if you don't self report, 15% if you like. How did you come up with all that?
Speaker A: Yeah, so again, when it came to how are we going to detect all the Sybil, like, the whole point of the Sybil is try to seem human. It's supposed to be very hard. There's people who are waking up in the middle of the night and like, have all of these accounts on different time zones, and they're doing, you know, they're using all of these sophisticated tools. And so there were a couple of things that I thought were very interesting. One, we know that there are these very large clusters, and people share software. So they sell software, they share software, they share sort of farming strategies, because it's not too adversarial between each other, because they're sort of like adversarial, I guess, with the distribution of the project. And so the self report was to say, I know us ourselves, we're never going to be able to find all the symbols. It's an impossible task. We'll always be cat and mouse. You'll never be able to get them all. But if you give people an offer where they have something at risk, you're saying if you don't self report, you will get zero. If we find you, if Nansen finds you, all our partners, all these bounty hunters, find you zero. But if you self report now, then you're going to get 15%, right? And no questions asked, whatever you 15%. Done. And then if some of those massive groups have individual people who turn themselves in, if they have somebody who is running infrastructure for them, who decides to, hey, I'm getting paid. Not that much. And if I report my, you know, my entire boss's studio or cluster, then I can just take the whole 15%. There's a lot of very interesting incentives that come in, and then you can use that data set to basically detect all of the other Sybil, right. So the whole point of that was to bait out subsets of these Sybil that then you can use as like basically a data set, a training set on detecting more Sybil. So that was it. Washington self report and get 15% or after you get nothing. We are going to try ourselves. Nansen and chaos are going to try to go out and detect Sybil on our own. We are going to do our best and then we are going to open it up to the world and say, hey, any Sybil that we miss, if you can prove it conclusively, you, the bounty hunter, will get 10%. That was messy, very messy, but very interesting. The Sybil sort of struck back. We opened up GitHub. GitHub had been used very frequently before. Hop used it to do it, connects use it to do it. So, you know, had been used as a Sybil reporting platform before. And the Sybil basically just completely nuked GitHub. So we had 9000 people produce reports, they were producing fake reports, and at the same time they were reporting the githubs of every person who was putting up a valid report. So the 9000 that got submitted to GitHub, I think almost all of them had their GitHub accounts banned. We were, had to, you know, everything, then got delayed for multiple days. We got escalated to like the very top of the food chain at GitHub. And they're just like, we can't really do that much for you. And so we had to reopen the entire process with almost a week of wasted time and Commonwealth and get everyone to upload there. And to avoid the problem of civil basically producing fake data for you to go through, we said you have to put up 0.5 ETH, put up half an ETH if you believe in your report, if we think it's not in good faith, we're going to burn that ETH. We won't take it, we're not going to keep it, we're just going to burn it. But you're going to lose your ETH. If you made a good, you made a best effort, good faith report, even if it's not valid, if we find it's not conclusive, you'll get your 0.5 eth. And so even doing that, 469 reports were submitted bond. So 469 people bonded eTh. They produced 3800 threads in Commonwealth, and those threads contained 22,000 clusters. And all of these were like completely different methodologies. If you're following my twitter you have things that look like World War Two, sort of like sonograms that you're listening for. You had people doing these crazy clusters, all these visualizations, and it was like a really, really difficult task to go through them all. But it was so interesting and people are just amazing. Like some of the sleuths and some of the analysts who participated in were really just like unbelievable. I've had so many people from the security community reach out and say, we don't care if you catch the Sybil, if you don't catch the symbol. This existing in the world, this data set for everybody able to go through and look and have is just like a massive public good. I'm so happy for that.
Speaker B: Wait, and so I'm sorry I didn't follow the GitHub thing. So what happened was that some of the Sybils were fighting back and trying to produce fake data for the bounty hunters so they wouldn't get caught. Is that what that was?
Speaker A: So they, so let's say you have 1000 honest bounty hunters who are submitting. We're going to have to go through their reports. The Sybil produced 8000 reports and submitted them to GitHub. So now that you have fake stuff mixed in with real stuff and you can't tell who's real and who's not, same as normal Sybil. And they reported the accounts and said, hey, this account is malicious. They put something bad, like having your account reported on Twitter. And so GitHub banned all of the accounts. Like everybody who submitted reports and we couldn't see the reports, their accounts, their GitHub accounts were banned. It was just a total mess.
Speaker B: Got it, got it. And I just, yeah, like honestly, when you talked about the bounty hunter bit, I just had reflections to this book that I read about, what should I call it, the great leap forward in China when people were just trying to call each other capitalist rotors or whatever it was before the other person. Anyway, yeah. So it sounds like you think this was hugely successful. I mean, you found 800,000 sybils and then how many did the bounty hunters find?
Speaker A: So altogether merged unique sets. We found 800,000. The first pass with Nansen and chaos, we actually think there was a little bit too much of a false positive right there. Roughly 100,000 people submitted appeals. Some of those were civil themselves. We think it's about 40,000. So we had about a 5% false positive rate. So we went back to Nansen and chaos and said, hey, we want to tighten this up and make sure there's no false positives or as few as possible. So we brought that to about 500,000, 550,000, and then through the bounty hunters and through everything and some of these overlap, some of them found the same Sybil. It was about 1.1 to 1.3 million total Sybil found and that reclaimed more than, more than 10 million. It would have been way more if we had y, but more than 10 million tokens from like the eligibility pool. So more than 1% of the total supply. So like current market rate, tens of millions of dollars. Was it super successful? I don't know. It was way more work than I ever expected. If you asked me to do it again right now, I tell you, there's zero chance. I took a literal full month off of running labs and doing all of that stuff. Just an unbelievable amount of work. I think what it produced, and we couldn't even get, we got through 90% of the bounty reports. We didn't even get through 100% of them. So that's with us even not getting through all of them. So just a tremendous amount of work. Like 1% of the supply is a large chunk of what actually was distributed. So it's a meaningful amount back to people. It's a meaningful sort of effort in like cleaning up, but I don't know. Super successful. Super successful, I think would have been like more conclusive, I guess. I thought the end result of it would be able to be more conclusive. Even in the best of reports, there's still people who are submitting false positives. And then you have to kind of accept like, what is the false positive rate that's acceptable? Are you going to go through and vetted? You get 1.1 million people reported as Sybil, and you have a bunch of individuals saying, but I swear I'm a real person, and here's why. And here's all of this proof. And now you have a cluster of 1000 people and one person looks pretty different. They might be a real person. Do you take them out individually? You're going to deal with millions of appeals. Do you throw out the entire cluster? That whole process, again, is just messy. But for sure, somebody can take this entire thing, turn it into a business. And I promise you, every person running a project going forward, doing any kind of distribution will immediately pay for it. Like we, if there was something that existed in the world like that, I would have paid for it in a heartbeat and would have loved to not have to actually do the work myself for sure.
Speaker B: And also, so I asked you how many Sybils you found, but how many Sybil self reported?
Speaker A: 130,000.
Speaker B: Oh, that's right. Okay. Yeah, you said that. All right, so in a moment, we're going to talk a little bit more about the civils, but then also the donation issue. But first, a quick word from the sponsors who make this show possible. Did you know you can buy and sell crypto with tax benefits in an individual retirement account or IRA? ITrust capital makes this possible. But what does this mean? When you buy crypto outside an IRA, like on an exchange, you face taxes on gains, but in a Roth IRA, gains would be tax free. ITrust Capital also has the lowest fees in the industry and 24/7 accessibility. Start now and maximize your retirement savings with itrust capital. Polkadot is the original and largest layer zero blockchain. With over 2000 plus developers, the anticipated Polkadot 2.0 upgrade will be a massive accelerator for the ecosystem. Upgrading the infrastructure with eight times higher transaction throughput and twice as fast block times, tailored core time for the needs of every protocol. Trustless bridges to multiple chains, and revised tokenomics with a token burn to reduce inflation. Perfect for gamefi and defi to build, grow and scale. Get your web three ideas to market fast. Think big. Build bigger with Polkadot. Join the community@polkadot.net work ecosystem community back to my conversation with Brian. Looking back, like, are there things that you would have done differently? Like, what do you feel could have been improved?
Speaker A: Yeah, looking back on the civil piece, definitely comms did better early on. There was a bunch of confusion in the early comms where we should have made it very clear, like, we're looking for clusters of 20 plus, we're looking for industrial grade Sybil, where in the beginning people thought everyone had spent this time farming, they're saying, hey, you're going after individual. You're turning all of these sort of people in the community against each other. And really there's a ton of backlash early on, like, very negative response. My Twitter feed was like an absolute nightmare. And then slowly over the next month, you would see everybody. We sort of like won everybody back. Everybody at that point was like very pro layer zero. It was very clear to them we were, one, putting in the effort and really cared about what we were doing, and two, that we were catching people who were like, not them, right. It's not like the average person who has three accounts. It's like these huge clusters of, like tens or, you know, tens of thousands or individual thousands. And they really realized, I think, that they're at a very structural disadvantage in a system like that. Like they get some small distribution, but there's, there's some guy who's getting, you know, 50,000 accounts and that's just like killing it for everybody. So I would definitely comms way better, way cleaner early on. Again, I don't know if I would do it again knowing the amount of work. But maybe you clean that up by giving bounty hunters more time. Like, if we could have given them a month lead up time rather than like a week, and say, hey, you have a month to make reports and you have to stake like one ETH instead of 0.5 eth, like, you're going to get a higher degree. And even if you wanted to say, like, you'll only stake and you'll only get it back if it's like an accepted report, there's a bunch of things you can do. It puts friction on reporters. You're not going to get as wide of a spread of methodologies, but it will definitely lessen impact and probably accomplish like 80% of the same. So I think I would have tried to produce it to like 50 submitted reports. And maybe just an, maybe it was an application process is what it could have been. Maybe it was like, hey, zach, xbt. And all of these people are like, hey, I want to participate. And you're like, show us your body of work that you've done before. Like, yes, you, you, you, all of you can just submit and go from there. But I really loved the just democratization of it. Again, there were, there were so many incredible reports and it just like, it renewed my love for humanity. If you, if you go through it and spend all the time, people are just like, amazing. People are really amazing. So that part was, was incredible.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, for sure, like, I feel like the crypto community often delivers when it comes to these kinds of things, but obviously, you know, as you mentioned, it's so much work. Instead of running an anti civil campaign, had you considered just something else? Like, I don't know if there are any other options. Like either some kind of KYC, I know people don't love that, but that's been done in the past, even maybe like a proof of humanity or I don't know what any other options could.
Speaker A: Have been, but, yep, I think all have trade offs. All are really totally valid options. I think KYc gitcoin has a process that people really like. A bunch of proof of humanity protocols coming up. We spoke a little bit with worldcoin, but they're like, listen, their orb isn't even available everywhere. So there are solutions. There's nothing perfect yet. I think it's just a set of trade offs. We wanted to do it to the widest possible distribution, and so I think we'd still choose. If we're choosing kind of what we believe in and driving ethos, we do it the exact way we did. If we were choosing in the realm of, like, practicality and just getting, like, most of the benefit when they're optimizing for work, then, then some form of KYC, we could have done it through an exchange, as many of the exchange partners kind of could have helped, offered to help, and have in the past could have done it through one of the proof of humanity. So maybe that is just the way that these things are going to happen in the future. Future.
Speaker B: And from, you know, the, like, knowledge that you have now. What would you say about these industrial airdrop farmers? Like, who are they? You know, how are they congregating? Do you feel like now you just made them smarter and so they're going to be more effective in the future? Like, like, what's. Yeah, give us your intel.
Speaker A: It's. It is an impossible game. I think anyone who spent a bunch of time in security is always cat and mouse. We saw it in poker. So I came from a professional poker background, kind of like a long time ago, and there started to be a lot of bots in online poker. And even before that was just VPN's. When online poker got banned in the states, people would VPN and then the sites would get wise and they would catch people vpning, and then people would have, like, dedicated custom lines that run to a computer in Toronto. And all these crazy things kind of were happening. And so it's always going to be cat and mouse. I think there are, like, some low hanging fruit that you can do to. And again, even something simple like a kyc or something would just bring up the burden so massively. Programmatically. It's so easy to make 100,000 wallets and you fund it through sub accounts, on exchanges over time, or through mixers, through all of these things. And it's just like. Or other bridges of other protocols. It's such a low lift and you can do it all programmatically. Going out and getting like a hundred thousand people's identity and going through KYC and doing it is just like a much different task. It's much harder. But I think there's a bunch of things you can do to raise sort of the floor of what's required. I think the other thing is, in a normal protocol, you see, there's a bunch of people on Twitter, Evanss is kind of very famous for. This is just like a linear distribution takes away. Like, then you don't need to care about civil right. If you are a Defi protocol and you're like, the only thing we care about are a perp. Dex or something like hyper liquid would be a great example or blur for trading. We don't care. We don't care who you are. We don't care anything. You trade volume, you get the incentive. It's just like, if you have your pro rate, a share of volume, at the end of the day, is that, and everybody will get the proportion to the exact amount of fees they've paid or volume they've generated. That's it. We don't care. You can all be Sybil. You cannot. And now, no Sybil has any advantage. The reason that Sybil exists is every protocol wants to sort of. I don't want to say pander, but they want to cater to these small real users. And so they create, like, points programs of. You use three defi protocols. You do this, you do five of this, you lp a little bit, you do this. And now a great example, I guess, was like Jitto. I think Jitto was something like, if you staked 1000 sol versus if you staked one sol a thousand times, you would have got 2000 times the reward if you just staked the one sol a thousand times, right? And this is like a clear, like the same action, the same benefit to the protocol, just a clear mismatch in the way they distribute by just anchoring a high, high thing to, like, this low action. So that's where Sybil comes in. So if you move to a world of fully linear, then Sybil's eliminated. You don't need to think about it at all. In Layer zero's case, it's like, extremely difficult because we're a messaging protocol, and so we're agnostic to what's happening on top. It doesn't matter if you're sending an NFT or if you're sending a dollar or $100 million, the protocol feed on layer zero doesn't change. It's a packet on the Internet that is very difficult, because in most linear fashion, and we did this semi linear. So we did it kind of based on protocol fees, but in most linear fashion, people are like, oh, I moved $100,000 across the bridge. That's very different than the guy who moved $1 a bunch of times. And to us, it's not. It's the exact same thing. The protocol fee is the same. We don't care. And that made it tricky to try to say, okay, well, an NFT that's built doesn't actually move that mUch. There may be benefit to having pudgy penguins or camp hypandas or all these things like built on top of it, and there's communities and all of this. But if you go from pure messaging volume soft, so there's all this is, say, very tricky, very protocol specific, a bunch of things you can do to, again, just make it like 80% easier. I think we probably went maximal difficulty on basically everything, which, again, would not do again, I don't think. But we did what we did what we believed in. Everything came the conversation of what do we actually think is the right thing to do, not what's the most practical, not what's the best. If we were designing for the optimal outcome, what is the right thing to do? And we just chose that at every fork.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. I mean, it is harder when you're not like the first airdrop because, yeah, people are, you know, at this point, when you come in, people are trying to game it. So, you know, kudos to you for trying to sort out who your real users were. So now let's talk about what everybody's talking about today, the day of the airdrop, which is this donation. Obviously, people are reacting to the fact that they have to make this donation. So they're saying, actually it's a tax. What do you say to these critics and just explain why you decided to enforce this donation?
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, 100%. So just to be clear, because there's a bunch of confusion on Twitter, people are like, think this donation is going to us? The donation is to protocol guild. So protocol guild is like the ethereum. Core developers are the people who build Ethereum, the chain, the ones who manage the merge, the one who builds, like, everything that all of us do in the space. And so selecting this donation, it was like, who is the best group in the world? That is like, nobody's going to be upset about them getting more money. It's not good for everybody. And so that's, that's where we land, is like, protocol guild is the best choice. Protocol guild is just amazing. Organization needs the support, benefits everybody. Why did we actually choose this? We think there's a very. Again, we, we think the current airdrop model is just totally broken. And from our perspective, we, like, we never, ever once mentioned an airdrop. We never talked about it. We had zero plan to do it. And we're just like one year live. We're happy. Growth is organic, like people are building. It's exciting. We're winning all this stuff, and all of a sudden all of these threads start coming out and people are speculating and volume goes massive. And we have this expectation sort of placed on us externally of like, hey, layer zero is going to be the, the biggest airdrop ever, one of these, one of these biggest things ever. And everyone has all of these expectations of what it's going to be. When we look at everything, of all of the other distributions, all the recent you look at dimension was a huge distribution. All of these were massive airdrops in the large majority of people just get it immediately, dump it and move on in the next discord group or whatever. And it's not that you care who sells or this, but it was just very clear that the people getting this are not the users who care. They're not aligned ethos wise or any. It's just like hyper mercenary cohort. And yes, you have some tales of 20%, 10% of these people who are really bought in and interested in the thing that you're doing, but you just have this ball of money or activity that's jumping around. And so there's just this disconnected relationship between, give us these tokens and we released how many tokens we're giving and how we're doing. It's like, give us more tokens. Like, if you don't give us more than the community is going to hate you. And there's so much entitlement. And really that just comes from like, mismatch of expectations. I'm sure we could have done a much better job commsing this stuff early and saying, hey, we, whatever. I'm sure there's a million things we could have done better, but there's all this expectation, and at the end result, the protocol just doesn't, doesn't get any sort of alignment, it doesn't get any of the people that it wants. And so for us, it was like, okay, it's too late, we're going to, I can't imagine a world where we say, hey, everybody who farmed layer zero, you guys all get nothing. We're going to distribute to these other people who we think are hyper aligned. So it's like, we have to have this distribution, this core set of users who built around. We went hyper dev focused and said like, listen, Devzoo built on us. You guys are like the lifeblood. Like users don't use layer zero. You use Stargate or pancake swap or an application built on top of layer zero, which is infrastructure. We gave a ton to the devs. We let the devs allocate themselves however they wanted. We did the users. But the whole point of the donation was rather than just, I give you something and the only thing on your mind is when. When can I. When can I get rid of this thing? What is. What is the best time? Thank you for this time for me to move on when you actually have to, even if it's 2 seconds to put this donation and to think about what are you okay, what is protocol guild? I'm donating to protocol guild. There's like, some amount of alignment formed. You've gone through an extra action, some amount of friction. You've paid this donation, and now you have some at least association to the thing that you're getting. And I think that was the expectation that was the ivory tower sort of rosy eyed view of what was happening. Clearly, the majority of this has been like, we thought we were getting this thing for free. You're taxing us, we hate you, all of this stuff, and that's fine. I think there's a lot of people that I would consider high signal who came out and have just said, like, this is actually very interesting, and clearly, like, clearly this meta needs to change. Maybe this is a thing that's useful, maybe it is not, but, like, it's worth it to try something else. Protocol Guild is clearly an amazing organization. Like, kudos to them for raising $10 million, and we're going to match $10 million to that, but massive, massive amount of backlash. But that was the intention. It's just, if you're just everybody give me something, you give it to them, and then they just move on with their lives. There is no, like, relationship built there. And the goal was, at the very least, you've done something that we align with very heavily. You've given to this organization that the whole space benefits from. We share the same ethos and alignment of that, and hopefully that makes you more aligned or at least more thoughtful of what we're doing. We care about those things. We talk about them all the time. Most people don't read a, read the Twitter stuff or watch the videos that we make and, like, really understand the ethos, understand a little bit. But again, just that little bit of extra alignment, it costs the users almost nothing. I mean, at the current price of where it's trading right now, you're talking, you're paying 140 5th or something of what VC's paid prior. You're paying. You know, it's just like, you're paying.
Speaker B: I think it's like about 3%, actually.
Speaker A: Yeah. About 3% total of what you're getting.
Speaker B: Okay. Right. Yeah. I mean, I think, I think what crypto people are reacting to is that it's, first of all, it's being called a donation, but they don't have a choice. So I, you know, and then also the kind of libertarian ethos that crypto came out of, like this is antithetical.
Speaker A: I'm very, I'm very happy to argue the libertarian piece because one of the key libertarian things is like, no entitlement. Any libertarian would never be like, I'm into, like, you have to give me money. I'm entitled to this airdrop. That's the most anti libertarian stance that you could have humanly possible. And so I think the disconnect is that the way we view it is you don't have to donate. Everybody here, here is who's eligible. You need to claim. It's a proof of donation, and that enables you, it's like a checkbox of a thing that enables you to claim. You don't have to claim, you have no need. Like we're just saying here, like, if we go and say every GitHub contributor to ETH core can claim, and people at Starknet did that, a bunch of people have done that, you can come and claim this thing, here are the people who are eligible to claim. You have to donate to protocol guild. That thing is what enables you to be able to claim. And if you don't claim, that's fine. We're going to take everything that didn't get claimed and redistributed to the people who have. The question is, you're not forced to take your allocation. Nobody's like, you must take this distribution. You need these zero. So it's an offer. It's like, here's a thing. You're eligible if you want to do it. This is the criteria. And I think there's a very big disconnect between, like, you're forcing us to do this thing and you're eligible for this thing. And here are the requirements. And it's the same thing, but like, very different framings, which I find very interesting.
Speaker B: Right, right. But, but I mean, don't, don't you agree that the word donation, that, that word, that's like a little bit of spin, right?
Speaker A: Or. Well, I mean, I want to hear the counterpoint to this. Because I don't actually. I see how, again, I can maybe see the counterargument not going to us, not like you're eligible for a claim. Some people in past claims have said if you want to be eligible for this thing, you have to do these actions. You have to join this discord. You have to follow us on twitter, you have to read a bunch of steps you have to do in order to have eligibility. There's a bunch of proof of these things. For us, the proof is donate to a thing that we feel is aligned, like donate to protocol guild. And the proof of that, the merkle root of, like, you have done this action, we're going to prove it. If you've done that action, you're eligible. That shows your ethos aligned. And that's it. It's proof of that unlocks this. And I think there's this disconnect that. And again, maybe it's valid, but from our view, it's do that thing, get this thing. And for other people's view, it's. I guess. I don't know. I don't know how to explain the difference. I would love to hear just full criticism. Feel free.
Speaker B: Yeah. No, no, no. I mean, you've seen it. You've seen it. People are saying it's a tax because it's required. So, I mean, I could see it either way. Yeah, it's a required donation is. So one other thing I have to ask about is the fact that, of course, because of the ant or I don't, I shouldn't say because, but after announcing the anti civil program activity on layers or dropped substantially, it was at 31,000 on Wednesday of this week and before the announcement, it was at about 350,000. I know you did explain some of that, but I just wondered how you feel just looking. I mean, it's, you know, when you see it on a chart, it is like, just drop straight down. So how do you feel about seeing the activity drop like that?
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, we talked about it so much internally in that, like, there's just, there's so many things you can't control. And when that, when we went from like a million messages took us a year to almost a million a day, it was just like, listen, like, we can't control this. And when it goes away someday, like, we're not going to be able to control that either. Our job is to build something that is, like, useful enough, has high enough utility that we just backfill that. Like, our goal is organic volume, where all of that comes people ask a lot. Like, oh, man, you dropped into today. I thought, well, today is. Today is an outlier because the claim. We're at, like, many hundreds of thousands today, but the average for the past month has been about 40 to 45,000 a day. If you look at that, two largest competitors in the space are wormhole and axelar. Probably both of them do 5000 messages a day. So even right now, post civil, post, all of this drop off, we're like 80% plus market share in the market. We're like, it's a space we believe so deeply and we're very comfortable. So people are like, oh, my God, you dropped off from 300,000 to 40,000. We're like, our market share basically went from, like, 97% to 80% and growing. And, like, we're okay with that. Like, we understand there's a bunch of inorganic usage. We didn't really know what it was, you know. You know, it's clearly, it's there. And until we announced that snapshot, we had no idea. Is this 40%? Is it 70%? Is it 90%? Like, who knows? Now we've seen it's 300, 350,000 down to about 40,000. That's the drop off. We can totally live with that. Like, very content with where it is. I think our goal is just like, again, build the best stuff, build usage. Like, fake usage just doesn't matter, doesn't mean anything. If you build something and people use it for, like, fake incentives that run out. This is every. Everybody who's ever tried to fork Uniswap and then run out of emissions and, like, didn't know what to do anymore. Right? Like, you can only give away fake things for so long. You have to build something that's, like, underlying, inherently useful. And, like, Uniswap doesn't give away any of the tokens and have done, like, a trillion and a half dollars of volume, right? You build something genuinely useful and people use it. Anything else just doesn't matter. It's just noise. So if we can't build something that's useful enough, I would never be spending my life doing this. So very content and very convinced of that now. And I actually much prefer the post snapshot world where you have our, like, actually know what our metrics are and know who our users are. I'm very convinced we will organically grow that into, like, millions of messages a day. I think we're pretty, pretty clear path ahead of ourselves to do that.
Speaker B: Good. That's a good attitude. You said on Twitter that there will be three more airdrops. Can you expand and explain a little bit what you plan to reward in the future?
Speaker A: Yep. Yeah, 100%. So basically there's this large community pool set aside and you see people use them in different ways. So one thing is we were very, very specific with this distribution that like everything had to be retroactive. So we had all of these protocols who are committed to building on us. We're like really amazing. Some really amazing groups. Huge, huge protocols. And they all came and they said, well, how much are we getting to? And we're like, actually, you're not deployed yet. You're not getting anything. Sorry. Even if you're going to do the most amazing thing moving forward, this was purely two and a half years of developers and users building. This was for that activity. The remaining portion is going to be a couple of things. One is forward looking, like arbitrum step. It's like, hey, we're this awesome protocol. We want effectively a grant to do this thing. We want to bootstrap incentives, we want to get people to use this thing. And it's just like early incentives to bootstrap protocol or network and enable developers on top. So forward looking incentives, great. That's normal, arbitrary. Does this optimism does on a retroactive basis, all of these things pretty established. And then we're going to do, every twelve months we will do another distribution sort of similar to this. Learned a ton from this one. So I think we'll have a lot of feedback and mechanism design. I think the big thing we will be is just way more clear now because now we've announced it, we expect to do it. There's no like, hey, you can't talk about this thing. Are we doing it? Are we not doing it? There's none of that. We can just be super clear and super transparent and I think it's just on us to figure out, is this like, do we kind of go the RFP path? Is this protocol focused? Do we give it to the devs? The devs give it to the users? And that builds a great ecosystem, or do we keep it sort of like this, where it's a split or more user focused? And then we just say upfront like, hey, this is going to be on protocol fees. You know, you don't need to think about it. There's no, there's no weird metrics, there's no point system, there's anything. So I think our goal is every twelve months there'll be one more sort of set of this. We'll be super clear about what the size is and what the criteria is and all, like, everybody can just know. They know exactly what they're doing. There's no ambiguity there. But, yeah, I think really, the goal is just like, bootstrap. Bootstrap, the activity support. The developers make sure devs building on layer zero have the incentives they need. Again, like, arbitrary. I think arbitrum is a shining example of this. They have their initial airdrop, great network. Volume on the network, drops, like, tremendously. But they spend the step basically incentivizing these protocols. And out of that come GMX, come Camelot, come all these, like, really amazing protocols who, through their grant, they incentivize liquidity, bring users there. And then now that, you know, they don't need any extra incentives or just, like, their own protocols of, like, hit escape velocity effectively on running for real, like, building a real thing, I think the goal is really that, like, get the early builders to be able to build these awesome cross chain or omnichannel applications that don't exist now and get people using them, and then they just, like, don't need it anymore. That's ideal outcome.
Speaker B: All right, well, last question. I do feel like we're kind of at this inflection point with airdrops. I mean, we've seen so much chatter about this on Twitter, and you guys kind of really called it out. And obviously, this whole anti civil campaign was a reaction to what was happening. And I'm sure you've probably heard from other people who want to do airdrops and are curious about your learnings or, you know, whatever. But I just was curious, from your vantage point, having been through this whole thing, what do you think is the future of airdrops in crypto?
Speaker A: I think so. I mean, I think the current system is entirely broken. Like, entirely broken. And I think there is no world that the trajectory that it's on right now can continue to exist again. If we go from Uniswap there, for the uniswap airdrop, it was amazing. But, like, I didn't think you weren't using Uniswap because we thought you were getting something, you used it, and all of a sudden, one day they were like, hey, check your wallet. Go see if you qualify. I'm like, I got uniswap to it. Like, this is awesome. Uniswap seems pretty awesome. I like the protocol. Great. And I didn't go back to the well and be like, I'm going to keep using it. How much are you going to give me in the future? This is a thing that happened, and they built a really special bond with a huge amount of people. And if that cohort there, I'm just going to make up a number. But that's like the 10,000 people who really use Defi who became very uniswap aligned. Now we had 6 million people, and it's just growing. There's other protocols right now that have even more than that who are farming them. And finding those 10,000 becomes very, very difficult. And even if you can, you're likely going to give them. They have this relative bias. When we all get the Uniswap airdrop, there's like, this is awesome. And now you're like, hey, I'm actually a real person who uses this thing at scale. And I got less than like this guy running 25 accounts, just moving a dollar, doing something stupid. You know, this is like such a difficult problem in proposition. So I don't know. Chris Berninski was tweeting about this this week. Kobe has been tweeting about this a ton. There's a lot of conversation around, like, the goal is the best distribution for the protocol. How we back into that, I don't know. But I know that this is not it. I know that this is not the thing that solves what you want to solve as a protocol. And there are ways you can try to make it better, but you're never going to get that uniswap style distribution in this current system. It will never happen. There's too much abuse. There's too much gaming of the system. So I don't know what the next iteration looks like. I think one of the. You've been around just as long as I have. The space finds very, very creative ways to create incentive structures. I don't know what that will look like. I'm certain it will be different than this. But I'm interested. I mean, we're very much paying attention because it matters. We care how our network is distributed, and we want to make sure we get that part right.
Speaker B: All right, Brian. Yeah. This has been a very fascinating conversation. Thank you so much for coming on Unchained.
Speaker A: Thank you as always, for having me and for being a wonderful host.
Speaker B: Don't forget. Next up is the weekly news recap today, presented by Wondercraft AI. Stick around for this week in crypto after this short break. Did you know Unchained is much more than a podcast? Last year, we unveiled a completely redesigned website enriching your experience with the latest news, insightful analysis, compelling op eds, and comprehensive learning articles. And guides for beginners. Explore all this and more@unchainedcrypto.com. dot did you know you can buy and sell crypto with tax benefits in an individual retirement account or IRA? ItrustCapital makes this possible, but what does this mean? When you buy crypto outside an IRA, like on an exchange, you face taxes on gains, but in a Roth IRA, gains would be tax free. ITrustCapital also has the lowest fees in the industry and 24/7 accessibility. Start now and maximize your retirement savings with itrust capital.
Speaker C: Welcome to this week's Crypto roundup. In today's recap, we dive into Martin Shkrele's confession about the Trump linked DJT token, the CFTC's investigation into jump crypto, the SEC concluding its Ethereum 2.0 probe, and Kraken's extortion accusations against Certik. We also cover Nasdaq's new combined BTC ETH ETF filing, the launch of Time fun, Ethina's controversial tokenomics update, and the performance of the ZK sync Airdrop. Finally, we look at the SEC's pushback against Ripple's efforts to reduce its $2 billion fine. Thanks for tuning in to the weekly news recap. Let's begin Martin Shkreli admits to creating controversial Trump linked DJT token you'll not want to miss the most entertaining story of the week. Martin Shkreli, the former pharmaceutical executive who was convicted of securities fraud for misleading investors, confessed to co creating the Trump themed DJT meme coin, sparking controversy in the crypto community. Initially denying involvement. Shrele admitted to creating the token with Barron Trump, who is Donald Trump's son, during a widely attended X spaces on Tuesday following an intense investigation by blockchain sleuth Zack XBT and crypto trader gigantic rebirth, or GCR. The drama began when the DJT token, which was rumored to be officially endorsed by the Trump family, started to gain significant attention. Shkreli initially denied any association with the token, despite evidence proving otherwise. This led to a $100 million bet by GCR challenging the token's authenticity. GCR, a known Trump supporter, wagered that the DJT token was not officially endorsed by Donald Trump or his family on chain. Sleuth Zach XBT solved the case, submitting evidence to Arkham intelligence, who had offered a $150,000 bounty to whoever identified the token's creator. Shkreli then confessed, providing Zack's XBT with over 1000 pieces of evidence that he had created the token with Barron Trump, CFTC investigates jump crypto amid regulatory scrutiny on Thursday, Fortune reported that the Commodity Futures Trading Commission is investigating Jump Crypto, a division of the Chicago based trading firm Jump. The probe focuses on the firm's trading and investing activities in the crypto sector, according to an insider. This investigation follows a series of setbacks for JMP crypto, known for its algorithmic trading and market making in the crypto industry. JMP Crypto gained prominence in 2021, led by Kanav Korea, a former intern turned president of JMP's crypto division. The firm was a key market maker and investor in crypto projects including wormhole and pissed. However, jump faced challenges such as a $325 million hack of wormhole and losses from the FTX collapse. The CFTC's inquiry adds to previous regulatory attention, including SEC and Justice Department cases involving jumps crypto dealings. SEC concludes Ethereum 2.0 investigation in a significant development for the industry, Ethereum software firm Consensys announced that the US securities and Exchange Commission concluded its investigation into Ethereum 2.0, which refers to when the Ethereum blockchain switched from proof of work to proof of stake consensus mechanism. The decision to close the investigation marks a substantial victory for Ethereum and its supporters. Consensys revealed that the SEC's enforcement division notified the company of the investigation's closure, describing the outcome as a major win for developers and industry participants. The decision to close the investigation follows Consensys letter to the SEC on June 7, which sought clarification on ethers status in light of the approval of spot Ether ETF's, where the funds are listed as commodity based trust shares in the ETF issuance order. Consensys also filed a lawsuit against the SEC in April, challenging the agency's categorization of ether as a security. The lawsuit highlighted the company's struggle for regulatory clarity, arguing that ether should be treated as a commodity. Cracka accuses Serdi? K of extortion in $3 million bug exploit major crypto exchange Kraken has accused security firm Serdi K of extortion after a bug exploit led to the withdrawal of nearly $3 million from the exchange's treasury. Kraken's chief security officer, Nick Percocco, revealed that a critical bug discovered on June 9 allowed users to artificially inflate their account balances without completing deposits. Certia K initially reported the bug and credited their account with $4. They allegedly informed two others, who then exploited the flaw. Further, Kraken requested the return of funds, but Certe reportedly demanded Kraken disclose the potential impact of the bug before complying, which Perco labeled as extortion on x. While Perco did not initially name the security firm involved, it was revealed when Serdi K defended its actions on x, stating it was given insufficient time to return the funds and accusing Kraken of threatening its employees. Serdi K maintained that its actions were part of an investigation into Krakens security vulnerabilities. Nasdaq files combined BTC ETH ETF while ethereum ETF issuers respond to SEC on Tuesday, Nasdaq filed for the first combined bitcoin and Ethereum ETF managed by hash decks with allocations of around 70% to bitcoin and 30% to Ethereum, which is based on the relative free float market capitalizations of bitcoin and Ethereum. Nate Gerazzi, president of the ETF store, expects future ETF's to use similar allocation strategies reflecting market conditions and manager preferences. These combined ETF's offer investors diversified exposure to the cryptocurrency market. Simultaneously, prospective Ethereum ETF issuers are addressing feedback from the SEC on their s one forms, according to the block. Sources describe the comments as light and reasonable, with issuers aiming to submit revised forms by Friday following the approval of their 19 b four forms in May. Issuers hope for the effective approval of their s one form soon, potentially leading to product launches by July. New social platform Time Fun captivates crypto community a new social platform, Time Dot Fun is grabbing the attention of the crypto community. Launched on base, a layer two blockchain network incubated by Coinbase, Time Fun has already generated over $1 million in trading volume and attracted notable figures like Meme, Coin trader Ansem and Mert Mumtaz, who is the co founder of Solana developer platform Helios. Time Fun allows users to tokenize their time. According to the founder, each token represents a minute of a user's time, enabling users to trade these tokens, book one on one sessions and interact with creators. Tokenizing the most valuable asset someone can own, which is their time, is the platform's core vision, they explained. Ethena updates Tokenomics mandates locking of airdropped Ina tokens Ethina, the synthetic dollar protocol on Ethereum, has introduced controversial changes to its governance. Token INA's tokenomics recipients of INA airdrops are now required to lock up 50% of their tokens within Athenae, pendle finance or generalized restaking pools. Athena Labs explained that these changes aim to better align the use of its USD stablecoin with the INA token. Despite the potential yields from new staking options, the forced lockup has sparked backlash. Pseudonymous user Dark cryptolord on X criticized the protocol, asking what's the point of a governance token? While defi educator John Galt added that forcing holders discredits the reliability of all future INA airdrops. Athena responded, stating the goal is to shift INA holders from mercenary capital to long term aligned users, and assured that forfeited tokens would solely benefit ecosystem aligned users, not the team or investors. ZK Sync Airdrop trades below expectations as users sell off EZK Sync's highly anticipated airdrop went live on Monday, with users claiming over 2.62 billion ZK tokens, worth approximately $630 million in the first 10 hours. Despite the initial excitement, the token traded below expectations, opening at around thirty cents and dropping 30% to approximately $0.21. About 40% of the top 10,000 addresses sold their entire airdrop allocation, according to Nansen. Many crypto projects that have recently conducted airdrops have fallen victim to mercenary airdrop farming, leaving industry leaders questioning what is next for airdrops. In related news, Eigen layer initiated the second phase of its igen token airdrop on Wednesday, expanding the total distribution to nearly 113 million agen tokens, which is 6.75% of its total supply. This phase targets users who interacted with Defi and liquid restaking token protocols before March 15. SEC opposes Ripple's effort to reduce $2 billion fine the SEC has pushed back against Ripple's attempts to lower a proposed $2 billion fine for selling XRP to institutional investors. The SEC argued that Ripple's comparison to a recent terraform lab settlement is flawed, since terraform is bankrupt and in the process of winding down operations. While Ripple is not agreeing to any similar relief, Ripple, in its June 13 filing, argued that its fine should not exceed $10 million, citing differences in fraud allegations and penalty calculations. The SEC countered that the circumstances and financial metrics of the two cases are not directly comparable. And that's all. Thanks so much for joining us today. If you enjoyed this recap, go to unchainedcrypto dot Substack.com that is Unchained Crypto dot Substack.com and sign up for our free newsletter so that you can stay up to date with the latest in crypto. Unchained is produced by Laura Shin with help from Matt Pilchardez, Juan Aranovic, Megan Gavis, Pam Majumdar and Margaret Correa. The weekly recap was written by Juan Aranovic and edited by Kari McMahon. Thanks for listening.
Speaker B: Unchained is now a part of the Coindesk podcast network. For the latest in digital assets, check out markets daily five days a week with host Noel Acheson. Follow the Coindesk podcast network for some of the best shows in crypto.
