Speaker A: Hey unchained listeners, as you know its hard keeping up with the fast paced world of crypto, so weve got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. youll get the latest crypto news in original articles from our reporters, as well as summaries of other happenings in bullet points, plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. Its still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot.
Speaker B: Hi everyone, laura here this is the unchained recap for day 2, October 4 of the criminal trial of Sam Binkman Freed the US Department of Justice started the criminal trial for Sam Binkman Freed this Wednesday afternoon by declaring in its opening statement that Bankman Fried deliberately lied his way toward, quote, wealth, power, and influence, allegedly stealing billions of dollars from thousands of individual people. The defense team for Bankman Freed, on the other hand, described the former FTX CEO as, quote, a math nerd and a, quote, hard worker who acted in good faith and took reasonable business actions during his time as FTX's founder and CEO. The opening statements from both sides occurred on the second day of the trial, following the finalization of the jury selection process earlier that morning. Benkman Fried's trial also saw testimonies from a former FTX customer and a longtime friend of the defendant. Overall, the prosecution's opening statement was cleaner and easier to follow, using simple words such as lied or stole repeatedly and sentences like Bankman Freed, quote was using his company, FTX, to commit fraud on a massive scale and the money he was spending to build his empire, it was money he was stealing from FTX's customers. It even referred to infamous tweets of SBS that he deleted, as well as testimony to Congress that contradicted what prosecutors allege actually occurred at FTx. The defense's opening, which brought up terms like margin loans, collateral, and liquidity, was harder to follow even for someone familiar with crypto, and this case. Chosen jurors included numerous people with professional backgrounds far from finance, such as a retired corrections officer, a trained conductor, a social worker, and a nurse. The only juror with a financial background was a retired investment banker with a Stanford MBA. However, Bankman Fried's attorney, Mark Cohen, also had some easier to follow moments in his opening. He called his client Sam, and said the government's portrait of him had been, quote, almost a cartoon of a villain. Cohen also used some simpler statements, such as, quote, he was a math nerd who didn't drink or party. The first witness called by the prosecution was Marc Antoine Juilliard, an FTX customer who had lost roughly $150,000 worth of cryptocurrencies and fiat money he had deposited into or purchased on FTX. He explained the due diligence he conducted before deciding to use FTX and how his research on Bankman Freed led him to have a picture of SPF that was, quote, wanting to do good towards the industry and giving access to customers. Retail investors like me. Juilliard shared with the courtroom how on November 6 and 7th, the days before FTX's insolvency became public, tweets by SBF stating that customer assets were safe assured Juilliard so that he didn't try to withdraw any of his funds. The second person to testify was Adam Yadidia, who called himself a close friend of Banquet freed's since their college days at MIT and who also worked at FTX as a software engineer at the time of its collapse, and Alameda research as a trader. Prior to that, Yadidia said he had resigned immediately from FTX upon learning that Alameda, Benjamin Fried's crypto trading firm, had used FTX customer deposits to repay Alameda loans. Just before the trial closed for the day, Yadidia acknowledged he had been living with nine roommates, one of whom was SPF in a luxurious penthouse in the Bahamas worth about $35 million. The 31 year old Minkman fried currently faces seven felony charges ranging from wire fraud to conspiracy to commit money laundering. The trial will resume tomorrow at 09:30 a.m. eastern time, with a continuation of Yadidia's testimony. The government then stated that its next witnesses this week will likely include Matt Huang, co founder and managing partner at Paradigm, and Gary Wong, former CTO of FTX Unchained, will be back with more updates tomorrow.
