Speaker A: You think people in suits aren't also shield bags? Is this what you're telling going on?
Speaker B: Blackrock is like bull posting for boomers. It's functional equivalent.
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. Exactly. It's the Bill Ackman Carl Icahn version of being right.
Speaker C: It's their crypto Twitter, not a dividend.
Speaker A: It's a tale of Tukwan.
Speaker D: Now. Your losses are on someone else's balance sheet.
Speaker B: Generally speaking, airdrops are kind of pointless anyways.
Speaker D: Unnamed trading firms who are very involved.
Speaker B: I like that.
Speaker A: ETH is the ultimate possibility.
Speaker C: Protocols are the antidote to this problem.
Speaker D: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the chopping block. Every couple of weeks, the four of us get together and give the industry insiders perspective on the crypto topics of the day. So quick intros. First, you got Tom, the defi maven and master of memes.
Speaker B: Hello, everyone.
Speaker D: Next we've got Robert, the cryptocurrency and.
Speaker C: Tsar of Superstate GM, everybody.
Speaker D: Next we've got Tarun the Giga brain and Grand Poobah at Gauntlethe.
Speaker A: Aloha.
Speaker D: And finally, I'm Haseeb, the head hype man at Dragonfly. So we are early stage investors in crypto, but I want to caveat that nothing we say here is investment advice, legal advice, or even life advice. Please see chopping block XYZ for more disclosures. So, guys, so excited to talk more about the ETF's. We were just bitching backstage about how bored we are of the ETF story. But how are you guys feeling about ETF's?
Speaker C: I mean, I think everybody is in the ETF hangover at this point where there was so much attention, so much focus. It's been roughly a week since. Not even a week since they've gone live. It's been really two trading days last week and one trading day this week, which we don't have the data for because data comes out in slow, inefficient, traditional market ways. After hours, I feel like we're all in the hangover period. The data I'm sure we're going to go into, it's somewhat exciting. It's most exciting on a relative basis between different competitive ETF's and between grayscale and the rest of the market. I'm excited to dig in so we can put the story to bed and never talk about it ever again.
Speaker D: Hopefully never talk about it again. But we'll see if that plays out. Okay, high level stats. So obviously, the primary interesting thing was that it ended up being a sell the news event which is more or less what a lot of people were predicting. I think we were alluding to that on the show. That's more or less what happened. Bitcoin slumped three, 4%, I think, after all of this. But the trading, I think the trading in the volume was roughly, I think, in line with expectations. These things traded quite a lot, especially relative to most ETF launches and the big winners and losers, where basically, depending on how you measure it. So grayscale, as expected, had net outflows. They obviously, they were the only one that could really have net outflows at their scale. That said, of course, their Aum is 26.5 billion and the net outflows were about 500 to 600 million that exited from GBDC, which is a lot less than what I was expecting. That said, it is only the first three trading days, so there may be more time for people to end up realizing their grayscale and getting out of something. Getting out of grayscale, given the fees, are an order of magnitude higher than any of the other vehicles. But right now, actually, they're holding onto most their assets. So actually, it looks like if this continues, it may end up being an amazing business for grayscale to hold onto their bitcoin trust. And they've had much more volume than anybody else. So their total volume over the last three days has been, is that 5.1 billion in trading volume for the grayscale BTC trust. Uh, the next biggest by volume is the iShares, uh, Blackrock Trust, which is, uh, 2 billion for their ETF, and then fidelity at 1.5 billion. And then it kind of falls off from there for assets, for net assets. Like who actually is custodying and charging fees on bitcoin right now? Uh, GBDC number one at 26.5 billion. Then there's, uh, blackrock at 500 million. Way smaller, obviously. Uh, then fidelity at 427 million, then bit wise at 225 million. And then it kind of falls off from there. So that's, that's how the horse race is looking. Any surprises in there? Anything that jumped out at you guys?
Speaker A: You, you, you told, you talked about the wrong winner in this whole scenario, by the way, completely ignored the real.
Speaker D: Winner, which is Jane street. Oh, which is Jane street.
Speaker A: Like 100%. Like being the authorized participant on everyone, you know, like, also just the fact that you have fucking authorized participants. That's how boring trashfy is. Like, I have to have a whitelist always. Like what?
Speaker D: A boring, like, kind of like an NFT whitelist. You know, it's like, it's an NFT whitelist. Yeah, exactly.
Speaker B: They're like keepers, you know, that's why. Approved keepers, it's the same thing.
Speaker D: That is. No, no, no.
Speaker A: There are, there are. It is. It is true. But I think, like, there are protocols that don't have that.
Speaker D: Yeah, so I mean, maybe there's a dumb question, but like, why? Why? Like, so I presume there's some set of people who are authorized participants. Generally, why do the ETF's have, like, this whitelist of like, we have two authorized participants as opposed to everybody who is sufficiently sophisticated and is a general, you know, kind of person of interest cannot just be like, yo, I'm going to do some stuff for your ETF.
Speaker C: Here's my only half educated answer. It's because it's as few as necessary to just ensure that somebody is able to go through the arbitrage process while minimizing paperwork and complexity that comes from having many participants. Because the process of the relationship between the ETF itself and the authorized participant, there's a lot of tech integration and stuff.
Speaker B: It doesn't sound like there's a lot of tech integration here. If they're getting fucking aum the day after what tech, they have to email.
Speaker C: Someone and say, please credit my shares to this account.
Speaker B: I thought they were faxing them. Or maybe carrier pigeons.
Speaker D: Yeah, there's really no APIs for this. That is insane.
Speaker A: Well, I actually think one thing to keep in mind is for some types of ETF's, there are actually more stringent requirements for AP's. So I don't know the exact history of like, exactly why in the eighties that equity AP's versus commodity AP's differed. But commodity AP is. You actually have to prove that you can, in the worst case, take delivery. Not for every commodity commodities that require. No, no. The AP is dealing with the cash, but they also have to guarantee that they can trade in the real spot market if they can. Bitcoin, there's like some requirements. No, not with bitcoin, not with big. No, I'm just saying for commodity ETF's in general, usually there's this argument that the AP needs to also be able to trade the spot metals market and take receipt. And so then they were like, okay, we don't want people who are like, trading this thing, but then can't clear and then the market has trouble clearing because, like the. So, so there's some historical reason for that. I remember there's like a lot more regulation.
Speaker D: Okay, so if an authorized participant is like, yo, I'm gonna take delivery of this, and they suck at it. It's like, who cares? That's your fault. That's your problem, not the ETF's problem.
Speaker A: But no, no, no. Then the ETF might not be tracking its index price correctly. They really want that. They don't care about anything else. And they have a lot of rules for who actually can do both sides in certain markets.
Speaker C: So you're saying if there's a copper ETF that holds spot copper in warehouses somewhere, the authorized participants have to be able to take delivery of copper on their own?
Speaker A: In the worst case, yeah. They have to be set up to do that.
Speaker D: Right. Okay.
Speaker A: Like, I think this is like, this is like a, this is like a worse.
Speaker D: All right, all right, fine. Okay, let's move on. All right, so bitcoin, ETF's. Hopefully, this is the last time we're going to talk about this. If you care about this, there's, I'm sure there's other podcasts for you, um, related to the ETF. So I think Larry Fink has just been bull posting nonstop on CNBC about how crypto is the future and tokenization is the future. Apparently, bitcoin is no different from gold, he said on January 12, and he's talking about how tokenization is the next generation of securities.
Speaker C: Oh, I agree.
Speaker D: I guess it was a good ETF launch. I don't know what the. Yeah. Like, to be clear, I more or less agree with him, but I don't know. Kind of surprising to see Larry Fink going out and, like, talking like Suzu all of a sudden. What's your guys, what's, what's the vibe from you guys perspective on what's happening here?
Speaker A: You think people in suits aren't also shield bags? Is this what you're telling going on?
Speaker B: Blackrock is like bull posting for boomers. Like, it's sort of the functional equipment.
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly, exactly. It's the Bill Ackman Carl Icahn version, you know, of like, of being.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker C: It's their crypto, Twitter.
Speaker D: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker A: Yeah. Although Bill Ackman has clearly moved from CNBC to Twitter now.
Speaker D: That's true. That's true. He's playing a different game now. Yeah, I don't know. But Larry Fink has been kind of alluding to the fact that he thinks e three ETF is going to launch this year. So TLDR, we will definitely be talking about, we'll talk about more ETF stuff later this year. It seems like right now a lot of people are speculating that it's going to happen mid year, sometime in the summer. May. May seems to be the time. I don't know. Robert, as the resident ETF expert, what's your view on ether ETF and likelihoods there?
Speaker C: Well, I think the important thing is to understand why people think it's going to happen in May. And the reason why people think it's going to happen in May at this point is because the applications by Blackrock and others for ether ETF's have a final decision date in May and everyone thinks it's going to follow the exact same pattern of the bitcoin ETF's where when it finally gets to Blackrock's ETF, the SEC is obviously going to prove it because what's Blackrock's record? What is it, like 850 to one or something like that between getting an ETF approved versus rejected. And it'd be unreasonable for the SEC to reject so many ETF's again without having a good differentiated rationale for why they would even be rejected in the first place. Because if you look at the underlying thought process, well they approved ether futures ETF's in the same way that they approved ether as a bitcoin futures ETF's. And then based on the court decision in grayscale versus SEC, they had to acknowledge that there isnt enough of a difference between futures and spot as the underlying. And if theyve already gone and approved futures, they may as well approve spot as well. Theres a couple of different small leaps of logic, but very basic obvious ones that well if theres an ether futures ETF thats already live and theres all of these ether spot applications all coming due in May, thats when its going to go live. No one can confirm it, no one can guarantee it. But if you're a betting person, a lot of people are now betting on this as being the sort of like straightforward it's going to happen event and that's going to be the timeframe of it.
Speaker A: The thing I was going to try to say is if you read Gary's whiny letter though, he's like, well never. It makes it sound like the opposite, right? It's like, wow, we didn't want to approve this. This doesn't have my approval. Okay, why did you vote for it? But then, you know, like I immediately goes after everything else. So do you really think ethers future ETF is possible given that type of language?
Speaker C: Yes. If you look at his statements after he gets on tv, after the approval, he was basically saying this is an ETF, that's a cash ETF that's cabined to exposure to one commodity asset, and it's wrapped in a nice security form. And so what's there really to be afraid of? At the end of the day was basically the statement, and after the bitcoin spot ETF has gone live, we have seen significantly less volatility in bitcoin. We haven't really seen any market dislocations or abnormalities. It almost seems like a boring morning after. And if you look at how boring the post ETF launch is, I think it should be a relief to the SEC and to market participants that this is not as exciting as people thought it was going to be. It was more a political process to reject it and then eventually approve it.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think the other side of that too, is that the ethers future ETF is regulated by the CFTC. Now, obviously, Gary Gensler has been very evasive on answering the question to anybody who asks, is ether or security? But through his behavior, we can kind of see that he's actually conceded the ground. Because if the ether futures, if ether is a. Is a security, then ether futures are also securities, and therefore they should be regulated not by the CFTC, but by the SEC. And the fact that the SEC was like, yeah, that's fine, we don't need to regulate that. And they gave the jurisdiction to the CFTC, basically means that they aren't. They've already conceded that, hey, this thing does not need to be under our kind of regulatory thumb. And so I think it's hard now for them to undo that decision, even though, yes, they've not publicly said that, hey, ether is not a security.
Speaker A: But to be fair, hasn't there always been the, like, hey, proof of stake is not the same. Whatever. You know, like, I do remember there was like all these, there were all these SEc proclamations on, around the merge, like, oh, ethereum might.
Speaker D: Well, no, no, no. So I.
Speaker A: That's what I'm saying. I don't know how those, to be.
Speaker D: Clear, those were very vague statements. And I think most of that, what that is referring to is like staking intermediaries. I think people saw the very broad language and were like, oh my God. He thinks proof of stake is a security, which is like, not at all what he has. What he. He did not literally say that. And he has, like, the pattern of enforcement has been very, very clear. They're going after staking intermediaries when they claim that, you know, Sol. Right, like crack and like Coinbase when they say that soul is security or near security or this security. That is security. The claim, the argument made is that like, well, look, they do proof of stake, therefore it's a security. Not once has he ever levied that argument against an asset. It's always about issuance and here there's a team and blah, blah, blah. So I think that's a misreading of what the SEC has claimed. They, they were very vague, but obviously staking does not like that. That's just a tortured argument that staking would make something a security, and that's not what the SEC has literally claimed.
Speaker A: Okay, well, that's good to know because, like, I don't know, it's a meme.
Speaker D: That has gotten very popular on crypto Twitter that somehow Gary Gensler thinks that, like, staking makes you a security, which is, which is just not true. So anyway, cool. So other news, Circle has filed, confidentially filed for an IPO. Well, I guess not that confidential.
Speaker C: Congratulations, circle.
Speaker D: Well, they haven't ipo ed yet. Right. And obviously it is kind of an icy IPo environment. And it also has been as we've, I think we talked about this in our end of year episode. It's been a relatively rough year for Circle. Well, 2023 was. So USCC market share has gotten hit pretty bad. I think it's gone down from 55 billion at the peak now to like 25 billion that's set. And at the same time, interest rates are projected to compress. Right. So like the ten years down, five years down. So the expectation is that interest rates are going to decline this year. We're going to start seeing rate cuts. And that means that it's a big blow to the business model of all the stable coins. So if interest rates go towards 2%, two and a half percent, that's basically chopping your revenue in half on a going forward basis. But.
Speaker C: It'S not chopping in half the revenue of Blackrock, who is managing all the assets behind USDC. They're going to make their 20 basis points regardless of how much circle makes, which is when we go back to why is Larry Fink so excited about crypto all of a sudden? Its yet another arrow in the quiver of why Larry is so excited about crypto is because hes going to be one of the biggest beneficiaries of USDC growth, especially in a lower rate environment.
Speaker D: Preston. Very true, very true. So anyway, USCC going public, how do you guys think this is going to be received in financial markets?
Speaker C: I think terribly, terribly. And I'll just say that now simply because Coinbase was so poorly received by the public markets. Because the public market said, oh, crypto is volatile, it has cycles. The revenue is not predictable. It's all based on when this came.
Speaker D: Out, when it was actually did IPO. It was a blockbuster IPO.
Speaker C: I know. And then after that, as the market.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker C: And after that, as the crypto market itself cooled, the public markets did not treat Coinbase very well at all. I mean, Coinbase went from $300 to 30 in the thirties with the three handle. Right. Because of the volatile nature of its revenue and income. And I have a feeling that USDC will be encircle, be treated the same way, which is that the market's not going to appreciate the fact that there's cycles and that the stable coin float grows and shrinks sometimes, and rates go up and down sometimes. I think they're going to see potentially a decreasing revenue story because the total supply of USDC is going down and interest rates are going down and get really afraid. And I personally think circle should have gone public a year ago when the numbers were way bigger. I mean, they tried going public maybe two years ago now through a SPAC, which didn't occur. And so I think the timing of this is a little bit late for circle. And I think that they're going to get perceived negatively in the public markets because it's a declining chart. And even though people in our corner of the world say, well, it's declining now, but just wait another three years, like rocket ship, I think public markets have less crypto familiarity and just won't vibe with that, so to speak. So I think it's going to be a cool reception.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm inclined to agree. There was actually a pretty decent thread talking about how a lot of these equities that are sort of pseudo crypto exposure, kind of pre ETF, like Coinbase or microstrategy, basically all the premium is totally compressed with the launch of the ETF's. And I think with Coinbase you could tell a story around, oh, you're buying proxy crypto exposure, you're getting some convexity to public markets, which goes both ways, but market goes back up. Coinbase does well with circles. It's a tougher story because it's like interest rates go down. Well, that's also circles revenue. And we haven't even seen a clear story that would even lead to more issue. And so it's like you're not buying a of pass through exposure to bitcoin, which you might not even want anymore because you have the BTF. What are you really buying with this business unless you think theres some totally new third category that theyre building out?
Speaker D: Well, people have seen. Heres my bull case for circle one. Is that okay? Right now circle is $25 billion, roughly, of USDC currently at 5% interest rates. Im sure theyre paying a little bit to Blackrock and all these other people in the middle, but more or less 5%. Thats over a billion dollars in revenue per year. That should be basically all margin. Their fixed costs are pretty minimal for managing a gigantic stablecoin. So I think that is a really attractive business. Super high margin. Its very, very predictable relative to Coinbase, which is extremely volatile. With crypto markets, its much easier to forecast their revenue, which I think Wall street is going to like that. The second thing is that everyone knows that stablecoin regulation is coming to. And to the extent that stablecoin regulation does arrive, it's very likely in my mind to favor circle over tether, which are basically the only two stablecoin issuers who matter at this point. And I think it's very likely if you see regulation that basically says you need a banking charter to issue a us dollar stablecoin, that circle gets one and tether, it's like, oh, I don't know, we don't quite trust you. And they basically kind of get regulated out of existence potentially if that happens. Third, okay, so there's a strong regulatory story there, I think that is relatively foreseeable. And then third is just this perception that stable coins are growing, which, okay, maybe they didn't grow too much in the last couple of years, but obviously it was a pretty choppy environment for a lot of reasons. But I think most people would expect that, especially if you see stablecoin regulation, stablecoin issuance is going to grow significantly over the next few years and circle is going to benefit from that just as much as anybody else is. So I think most people project that stable coins are not going to sit around at the order of magnitude of 100 billion of stable coins. What is it, like 130 40 total stable coins? Something like that. I don't think most people think it's going to be sideways. So yes, interest rates are going to chop in half, but I think most people predict that stable coins are going to grow by more than two x over the period of time while rates are getting cut. Theres my bullcase for circle.
Speaker B: Yeah, I would agree with you. I think if they ran the company more like tether, in some ways they are kind of the coinbase of stable coins, where theyre doing things the right Silicon Valley, us regulated way.
Speaker A: But theyre in Boston, Preston.
Speaker B: The downside is the actual employee costs are massive. Tether made almost $200 million per employee. Super bare bones operation. Coinbase did a bunch of layoffs. They have a very large staff, so they're actually not extremely profitable. Even though you're right on paper, running a stablecoin business is actually a great business. But I hear you on the regulatory bit. But the flip side is FTX was able to acquire a shitty bank and get a bank charter. I don't see why Tether wouldn't be able to. But maybe that's to get you optimistically.
Speaker D: Isn't it a different charter or something? There's like some weird thing that they want for stable coin issuers. Is it just you own a bank charter?
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker D: In the bill, does anyone know?
Speaker C: Good question. We will have Jeremy on a future show to talk about it.
Speaker B: Yeah. No shame. We did love Jeremy before. Yeah, that's right.
Speaker D: Yeah. No, Jeremy's the man.
Speaker A: Yeah. I would also put myself in the. I don't think it will perform super well, not because of all the things you said, but I actually feel like, because it's so easy to underwrite in terms of pricing, it will get valued like a REIT or a bond fund. And it won't get this extravagant pe ratio type of thing. It won't be treated as a tech company, it'll be treated like a REIT, almost, which has like, no premium right now in the current, current market. So, like, I just kind of feel like people might just view it as a bond.
Speaker D: I don't know if that's true. I mean, like, kind of stable coins are one of the only things that trad five people who like crypto or like, look, I don't know about all this crypto stuff, but, like, dollars on a blockchain.
Speaker A: Awesome. I totally get you, but I totally get what you're saying. But, like, I just feel like people will look at the cash flows of this and then they'll look at the cash flows of a REIT and they'll say it, like, reminds them of it, or it reminds them of a bond fund. Like, it's not. It's like, it's almost. It's this kind of paradox people always talk about, which is like, investing in a company with no revenue, but like a story people will give, like, valuation x. Invest in a company that has story adjacent to that one and has a ton of revenue. It gets a valuation less than x.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: Like, you can always dream of this kind of like, oh, anything could happen once it doesn't have revenue, but once it's locked in the cage, it becomes a lot harder. And I, in particular, public markets very, very rarely are, I think, as egregious as crypto, let's say, with the narrative running ahead of the usage or fees or revenue. And I think in this case, they're just literally going to be like, okay, this is a bond fund. It has this cash flow analysis that looks like a very boring company that won't get a pen very high. And I think that's the problem. To me, it's not a problem. It's really amazing. They're able to hopefully have this liquidity event. I just am saying I think it looks too much like what a spreadsheet monkey would.
Speaker C: Preston, here is my non financial advice for Jeremy. If there was a USDC equity token and it was airdropped to everyone who's ever used USDC, I guarantee you the market cap on that token would be like four x. What it would be as a.
Speaker A: My favorite, favorite tweet today was someone pointing out that the market cap of Bonk on Solana is greater than spirit airlines after the antitrust decision killed their market cap.
Speaker D: Okay, unfortunate, unfortunate.
Speaker B: The crypto markets are very good at capital, effectively.
Speaker D: Yeah, that's right. As we've learned very well over the.
Speaker A: Last few years, let me tell you. Yeah, the utility of bonk is clearly, clearly higher than that of spear airlines. But I just am trying to say, like, I think there is this tradfi problem, which is like, if you look. If you look to tradfi, good luck with your multiple. It's not good. Like, it needs to look like foreign or like a little bit. And it does. Circle's business doesn't kind of look foreign. No, it sounds dumb, but it's just true. People want some. They want. They have imagined. There's nothing imagined.
Speaker D: If you look for it and you.
Speaker A: Get it, you can stake your USDC.
Speaker B: And run a USDC validator. I think that. And then you get yield. Or so I don't. You know, you tell a story.
Speaker C: I'm all about that. Oh, Jeremy, if you're listening, we need that USDC staking to run the validator for USDC.
Speaker A: USDC.
Speaker B: Roll up.
Speaker A: USDC re staking. Roll up.
Speaker B: Post the data on Celestia. I think that is how you get 200.
Speaker D: We got it. This. I nailed it. I feel like we're about to get, like, hard retweeted by USDC bull. You know that guy?
Speaker A: Oh, yeah.
Speaker D: I think that guy's Tarun.
Speaker C: I thought that's his alt.
Speaker D: Is that Tarun? Tarun has a lot of. It's hard to.
Speaker C: Yeah, he has like, 32.
Speaker A: I do not. I don't. I don't have any alts because I don't like giving myself schizophrenia. I think people who have alts, when you meet them in person, they're like a. There's always the, like, is anyone looking while I'm using my phone? And then there's the be like them worried about someone who has figured it out. And like, then they're. They're cage. It's like, I feel like there's just so much. There's so much.
Speaker C: Well, this is why we had quart on the show last episode, so that people would no longer speculate that it was Tarun or myself or anyone else.
Speaker D: It did kind of sound like Tarun, to be honest. Actually, if I think about it, just like with a little twang, I feel like that that could have been Tarun with a voice changer.
Speaker A: AI make it hard for me to.
Speaker D: Prove that that's true. That's true. So speaking. Speaking of USCC, there was also some news this week about Tether. There was a UN report about tether talking about, I think it was the casino underground banking report, which claimed that tether is used for a lot of Southeast Asia based human trafficking and pig butchering scams. So actually, I'm in Singapore right now, and I was hearing a lot of people talk about these southeast asian slavery fraud farms, where basically they will enslave people, literally kidnap and enslave them, and get them to work in these fraud compounds. And basically they're not allowed to go home until they work off their whatever, slavery debt or something. And a lot of what they are doing is crypto romance scams. So they are just sitting there all day, messaging people on telegram or whatever, and when you get a WhatsApp message that's like, hi, pick me up at four. And you're just like, what's going on? These are people who are basically trying to get you into some kind of romance scam, and they'll eventually tell you, hey, I'm whatever, some beautiful woman from such and such place, or maybe men, too, I don't know. Uh, and I'm very successful, and I made a lot of money through crypto, and I love yield farming. And here's. There's this great yield farm that you should try and they get you to, you know, send money to the. And this is a huge thing, and they make a lot of money doing it. Uh, and apparently the most common asset they use is tether. And so the. The, um, the un called out tether for being used, I guess, in these kind of scams. Uh, I don't know that there's really that much that tether can do about this kind of thing. It seems like, okay, well, if it's not tether, it's going to be bitcoin or ether or whatever, if anything. Tether, it's probably better they're using tether because it can actually get frozen relative to other assets. But then on the other side, the other story about Tether was that Howard Lutnick, who is the CEO of Cantor Fitzgerald, was on, I guess he was on CNBC the other day and he basically said, yeah, Tether has all the money. We saw it. We manage a lot of their money, and it's all there. So tough shit, tether truthers. So, yeah, any reflections on tether slavery, fraud, fraud, rings, reactions?
Speaker B: Love to see tether truthers eat it, you know, that's great. I don't know. I mean, I do, like, wonder at a certain point. I feel like you have to put a expiry on your predictions or your I. Your doomsaying. And I feel like tether truthers have gotten a free ride basically since 2017 on talking shit about tether. And I feel like some way to put a stake in the ground as to when you think the tether fraud will be revealed. Otherwise, you just sound insane. It's like 911 truthers. It's been 20 years. You haven't come up with any great fraud evidence yet. It just feels like these people shouldn't be able to get a free ride.
Speaker A: In terms of the southeast asian money laundering stuff, the laotian and cambodian borders are, I guess, the most famous places for where these things are because people are, I guess, chinese mobsters or something somehow control these brothels. Whatever. It's in the other FTX book. Number go down or whatever. The other one. Zeke.
Speaker B: Number go up.
Speaker A: Number grab. Sorry. He spends a bunch of. He has a chapter covering this. Sorry, I should have.
Speaker D: Whatever the spoiler is, that number go down after. Number go up. That's the spoiler anyway.
Speaker A: But I think the thing about this type of stuff is if you look at it historically, it was kind of just done in USD before. Actually, people didn't even want to use rminbi for it. So it's almost like it's more in the open when it's done in tether. So I don't know. Obviously, it's really bad and it's ethically malicious and stuff, but I actually think it's probably more transparent that it's happening than it was when it was done in cache.
Speaker D: Yeah. To be clear, I mean, part of the story was that.
Speaker A: I'm not trying to say there's any.
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah. Part of the story was that tether and OKX both collaborated to freeze 225 million that was connected to one of these.
Speaker A: I don't think you could have done that. I couldn't think you could have done that.
Speaker B: Nigerian prince email scams. Wire me in money or send me for a very long time. Yeah. Gift cards.
Speaker D: Send me a gift card.
Speaker A: Send me a gift card. Was surprisingly effective.
Speaker B: It's the IR's. You owe back taxes. You need. Send me $100 Amazon gift card. It's a thing.
Speaker D: I did not know this. Wow.
Speaker A: No, no, it's a very. Well, don't you remember all those bitcoin gift card companies for a while? I mean, that whole market was bootstrapped off. The fact that people were trading gift cards, and some of the gift card demand was certainly illicit.
Speaker D: Yeah, just. That's so bizarre. I've never seen that, like, gift card scams of, like, I don't know how you would convince somebody that you're a very important person and you need Amazon.
Speaker B: Gift cards that just work with the tools you're given.
Speaker D: Yeah, fair enough. Fair enough. Exactly. Well, uSdT, I guess, is a boon to both. To pig butchers, which is the name for these people who do these kind of romance scam type things. And then it's also a boon to law enforcement. So, obviously, both sides are turbocharged, I think, in this new stablecoin future that we all live in. Okay, um, next up on news. So, Vivek Ramaswamy, friend of the podcast, who we had on a. An episode not too long ago talking about his, uh, campaign, has unfortunately dropped out of the race. Well, fortunately, unfortunately, depending on how you feel, uh, he's dropped out of the race. Uh, I think, uh, Iowa primaries did not go his way. He was a pretty distant fourth behind Trump, of course, who. Who swept the primaries. And then, uh, uh, what's their names? Uh, Nikki Haley. And then. What's his face?
Speaker B: Ron Desantis.
Speaker D: Big face. Yeah. Ron Desantis.
Speaker B: Meatball Ron. They call him big face.
Speaker D: He has a big face. Do you not believe he has a big face? I feel like his face is, like, very large and flat.
Speaker C: I don't think I've even thought about that.
Speaker A: Like, not really.
Speaker B: That's why they call him meatball rob.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's meatball round. I had to really think about, like.
Speaker C: That'S what Trump saying is from his meatball round.
Speaker D: Because of the shape of his face. Or is there a meatball anecdote about him?
Speaker B: It doesn't matter, I think, but I suspect it's. It just looks.
Speaker A: Hey, wait, wait, wait. Since this is a podcast, since the podcast about new speculation, I would love to the. I'd love to talk about, you know, Vivek, almost immediately after dropping out, went to endorse Trump and, like, went to New Hampshire to go be on stage. Let's suppose he is a cabinet member or VP or whatever. Where do you think he ends up slotting up if, say, he's like, joins because he folded. This feels like a thing in poker. He's folded and was like, hey, I'm just going to team up with them.
Speaker D: Oh, totally, totally. Yeah, he folded his hand and then he's going to sit beside the chip leader and be like, oh, yeah, yeah, you should play this one. It would be amazing if you were the VP pick, but there's almost no way he's going to be VP. Like, I think Trump.
Speaker A: I feel like VP is pretty useless. I'd rather it just be like a secretary of treasury.
Speaker D: I think if. No, if he were VP, I mean, I don't think he'd be treasury if he were VP, because Trump has so few actual opinions on policy. I think basically, Vivek would set policy and Trump would just be like, cool. Yeah, that sounds great. Like, let's go on tv. So I think it would actually be. I think you basically get the vague policies and Trump rhetoric if the vague were VP, but I think there's almost no way he's gonna be VP. He probably gets some kind of cabinet thing and it's probably not gonna be super interesting. Like FDA or something.
Speaker B: Yeah, I was gonna say, remember when Trump won in 2016? And there was a brief moment where people were like, balaji is going to run the FDA. And I feel like this is like a very kind of perverted spiritual successor where it's like, it's not quite Balaji, but you got a little bit of that. You got the biotech thing. It's not really 2016 anymore, but, you.
Speaker A: Know, it's like, well, Balaji hates America, as you can tell.
Speaker B: He didn't get to run the FDA.
Speaker A: I don't think he was.
Speaker D: Well, he was planning to basically dismantle the FDA. And I think if you remember, when the idea of him becoming head of the FDA was floated, he immediately deleted all of his twitter history. And the only tweet he had left was. It was some tweet of, like, don't argue to build the future. And it was basically like, okay, I got to flush out all my tweets where I'm like, abolish the FDA. FDA is bullshit. FDA is a piece of shit. Because I think if he were to actually become head of the FDA, that would be his goal. And I suspect the same would be true for Ram Swami, if he were. But they would be more above board, I think, for Ramoswami than for Balaji, because I think he's been more outspoken in that regard. So it'd be interesting. I mean, the. The one thing is clear is that if Ramoswami has influence in a Trump presidency, I think that would be very good for crypto. That's pretty clear. Um, Trump. It's. It's hard for me to tell, actually, how a Trump presidency would go for crypto right now.
Speaker A: And you're telling me those nfts he sold on Polygon aren't. I aren't the. Aren't the real deal?
Speaker D: I don't know that he even knows about them. That's the thing. It's hard for me to tell.
Speaker A: I would love a debate. I would love a debate host to ask Trump if he has ever used a wallet and or what RPC endpoints he's at cars.
Speaker B: I think the NFT holders also get, like, a lunch or something. Or, like, one person gets a lunch with trump. So, like, you must have some awareness of the trading cards. The trading card nfts. But, yeah, I don't think he's ever.
Speaker D: Maybe just told them they're trading cards. It's possible they understand what nfts are.
Speaker C: No, no, I've watched the video. He goes, like, buy my trump nfts. They're amazing. He knows their NFT.
Speaker D: Really?
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker D: You watched the video. Did you buy any trump nfts?
Speaker C: I can't talk about that.
Speaker D: Okay. No, sorry. No financial advice on the show.
Speaker A: Wow. That was the first time. That was the first time you've done that in a while?
Speaker C: Because, like, I bought, and I'm embarrassed to admit this to trump nfts.
Speaker D: Which ones did you buy? Can we see them? You couldn't.
Speaker C: You didn't know what you were getting. It was like a blind. Like, you know, you purchase an NFT.
Speaker D: And then it gets, oh, oh, you minted some okay. Okay. I didn't buy the secondary market.
Speaker C: I did not buy one on the second.
Speaker D: What were they? What were they? What were they?
Speaker C: One where he's throwing money in the air. It's like raining money around him.
Speaker D: Okay, great. What's the second one?
Speaker C: I forget the other. I think it was just like him wearing like a construction hard hat or something. It was really boring.
Speaker D: A construction hard hat. Okay. Wow. This is, this is very, this is very exciting. Do you still hold them or do you sell them?
Speaker C: I hold one.
Speaker D: Oh, so you're a believer.
Speaker C: Yeah, you gotta hold.
Speaker D: Okay. Which one? I assume you kept the hard hat because that's, that's the one you keep, right?
Speaker C: No, I think I sold the hard hat for roughly what I bought it for and I kept the money in the air making reed trump. Cause I think that was slightly more rare.
Speaker D: Okay. Okay.
Speaker A: It's like a zombie punk.
Speaker B: You know, it's, it's, yeah, you got, you got the rare trump?
Speaker C: I got the rare trump.
Speaker D: You never let go of those. Yeah, you got the rare truck. Okay, good. Exactly. Yeah. Hold it. Damn. Wow.
Speaker C: I know. That was my dirty secret. Sorry.
Speaker D: Okay, so trump did the commercial for the NFT. So I guess he doesn't know what nfts are. And Melania, of course, did nfts as well. So it's like runs in the family. So, yeah, I don't know. But then he's also been on record, at least in his last administration, saying that bitcoin is bad and evil and he doesn't trust it. And something, something and just a general distrust of new things, I think is kind of, you know, seems pretty central to his character. So that said, he's incredibly commercial. And if crypto people pay him, I'm sure he'll be like, great. I love crypto. Crypto is wonderful. So I don't know. Hard to say. Hard to say. But right now, prediction markets are putting Trump as the front runner. He's, he's edged out now over Biden. I think if you go to my favorite site, electionbettingods.com comma, which aggregates a bunch of markets, including Betfair polymarket, which is a crypto prediction market, he is right now sitting at 43.2% to win the presidency, Biden at 32.6. So right now, theres not a huge edge but significant edge to republicans potentially win. But of course, were quite a ways out. So a lots going to change between now and then. Anyway. I don't know. Those are kind of all the interesting stories we are anything else that you guys want to chat about before we wrap for the week?
Speaker C: This might be one of the episodes.
Speaker D: Yeah, we were just lamenting that there's what we're actually excited about. And I was saying that there's not a ton that I'm excited about right now. What are you guys excited about?
Speaker C: Tweet at us. Talk to us.
Speaker D: No, I was asking you. I was not asking the audience. I was asking the three of you.
Speaker C: I thought you were speaking to the audience directly.
Speaker D: No. What are you guys excited about? I asked this question to the audience. There were a few topics that people wanted us to talk about, but we want to do separate shows for them. So we're probably going to do a show on parallel evms. We're going to definitely do a show on modularity. There are a few other things that people were clamoring about. What about the three of you? What are you guys excited about this year or right now?
Speaker A: I want some more. Given that there's now the Solana phone has reanimated emerged, I want more of those banana phone Solana phone memes. Like the ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring Solana. That's what you're excited about a bunch, when it first came out. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I thought that was hilarious. I'm excited to see more of the banana phone Solana phone memes, because now they're going to be more, as we learned, also talk about a recovery. Right? Like, weren't they going to stop? Like, if I remember correctly, and then all of a sudden it, like, it was Bonke. So, like, bonk that brought back Solana foam bonk. And then, and then the chain of.
Speaker C: Air drops and the chain of airdrops. So what happened was the Solana phone was not popular. There was a huge amount of unsold inventory. And then as bonk and other things started airdropping tokens to these phones, it really went nuts. Once the value of the bonk that was airdropped to each Solana phone exceeded the cost of the phone. And then people were just buying them, not only for the arbitrage, because you could buy the phone for less than the crypto on the phone, but based on the expectation of future airdrops.
Speaker D: Then.
Speaker C: Every single Solana phone sold out instantly. And now Solana phones back.
Speaker D: Well, the Solana phones on secondary markets are going for, they retail for $1,000 and they're going on secondary markets on eBay for, like, three to 4000. So just the value of all those airdrops and the bonk and all that other shit on the phone is worth way more than the actual phone. But the new phone is supposed to be half the price. So the new phone is projected to be 450.
Speaker B: I believe it's 450. Yeah. They're taking orders. They got to be learned too. There's a referral system. I imagine there's going to be points involved at some point. So they're sick at this point.
Speaker D: Nice. Nice. There's going to be yield farming. It'll be great. All the people. Yeah.
Speaker C: No one is going to claim that a phone is a security just because. How could you?
Speaker A: I mean, I think the ultimate growth plan is figure out how to get this sold at Costco. Because have you guys seen all the stuff like the gold sales at Costco?
Speaker D: What?
Speaker A: Unreal. Costco started selling gold just directly and there was some quarter recently it made up like 10% of revenue. They're selling so much gold to people. And I think Costco is like the right distribution channel for this type of product.
Speaker C: Does Costco also.
Speaker A: I could be wrong in that percentage, but it was like a really. It was like the Bloomberg article was amazing on this.
Speaker B: Like, it sold $100 million in gold last quarter.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: Are they selling like gold bars or what are they selling.
Speaker B: Yeah. 1oz gold bars.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Do they buy the gold back?
Speaker A: It's like as much as cash apps, bitcoin. Like it's like similar order magnitude.
Speaker D: So it's like, what is the margin that Costco takes on selling gold?
Speaker B: I mean, not right. It's wholesale, it's high. Then they monetize the membership and that's why people want to buy their gold. You're getting great, great execution.
Speaker A: But I think. I think this is great for the Solana phone because, you know, Costco's not paying for their drops.
Speaker C: Yeah. Here's the question. Will Costco buy the gold back? So can you speculate using Costco where you basically buy gold through Costco?
Speaker D: Costco, like an amm.
Speaker C: Yeah. Hold and then sell it back to Costco? Or is it like a one way flow where they're just letting people buy gold?
Speaker B: You can probably return it and you can use it to hedge. Buy a bunch of gold.
Speaker D: That's good.
Speaker A: I'm just saying I think the Solana phone at Costco because Anatoly is like Costco dad. They could literally make the Costco dad memes and that shit would sell out. And I kind of think that's the demographic. That's where you got to go. You got to sell the Solana phone at Costco. That's my hot american hack.
Speaker B: The new trunk.
Speaker D: Yeah. This is why Tarun does governance simulations and not growth hacking.
Speaker A: Yeah, whatever. But I do think this $100 million of gold thing was crazy because all these people I knew who were like, oh, bitcoin's so dumb. Then later told me they bought gold at Costco. And I was like, interesting. This is like a.
Speaker D: Okay, tell me, who is the demographic of people, you know who are buying gold at Costco?
Speaker A: Indian people.
Speaker D: Indian people are buying gold all the time. So I feel like that's just like a convenience thing. It's just like the closest place.
Speaker A: But in particular, this fact that there's no fees.
Speaker D: I see. It's cheaper. Okay, yeah, that's interesting.
Speaker A: But my point is, the Solana fund being this airdrop thing, I feel like this is the, there's so many, so much meme.
Speaker C: They buy the gold, though, with an eye towards like selling it or flipping. Really just.
Speaker D: I'm gonna cut the Costco gold thing. Cause this is not about crypto in any way. Robert, what are you excited about? What are you excited about in crypto?
Speaker C: I am excited.
Speaker A: You're not cutting this from the edit?
Speaker D: No, I'm not cutting from the edit. I'm just cutting this thread. I'm cutting this thread.
Speaker C: Two things. One is restaking and two are the myriad different point systems turning into tokens.
Speaker D: Okay. Straightforward. Tom, what are you excited about by the way?
Speaker A: Im secondly, excited about those. I think theres going to be more avss then there will be roll ups.
Speaker D: There will be more avss potentially, yeah.
Speaker C: More picks and shovels than end users.
Speaker A: Well, its more that like, I think roll up liquidity fragmentation naturally wont will lead to some amount of consolidation. Like people may like the UX is going to be worse and things like that. So there's some carrying capacity in the roll ups. But I do think things that need security, whether it's oracles, weird new cryptographic mechanisms, bootstrapping, all these identity things, I think there might actually, there's possibility there's more of those on the set of roll ups. Conditional and liquidity fragmentation.
Speaker D: And for the record, an AV's is something that uses restaking to get its security. That's what an AV's is. Okay, Tom, what are you excited about?
Speaker B: I'm gonna sound kind of boring, but actually I do too. I do think the tether story is pretty compelling. I think even it was. I'm totally blinking. Oh, Howard Ludnik, when he was on CNBC, he was talking about the fact that like, yeah, Americans don't really need stable coins. Maybe they really want stable coins. But he's like, yeah, if you live in Turkey, if you live in Argentina, if you live in Venezuela, this is a godsend. And this is an incredible product. And so I think overall, it just tells this great story about crypto. It's not really the story that maybe Satoshi wanted or people kind of envisioned, but it is just kind of delivering raw, pragmatic utility to people and making their lives better. And I think that's a great story, and I think it's a great stepping stone towards building something better. It's sort of like, shoot, what's the phrase? Worse is better. This is the same kind of philosophy of it's a very pragmatic approach to getting this in the hands of people versus bickering about where your roll up is going to post its data. This is actually just delivering on the promise. I really love the story about it. I would see more being built on there in 2024. And the flip side is, I love the crypto casino stuff. I just think it's so interesting that this has been something that people have been trying to do, and they've had blips shining through of minor successes throughout the entire history of crypto. And now we're starting to see this thing actually take flight and real traction and real volumes going through these things. Again, I think this is hopefully a stepping stone towards a more open, transparent, fair, igaming environment. But it feels like, hey, there's at least something here and people are building and something that people want to use, and that's sort of a great first step towards building that ideal outcome.
Speaker C: What's the number one success story right now?
Speaker B: Well, it depends. I mean, arguably, you'd be staked if you consider it sort of a crypto casino because they do take some crypto deposits. They're gigantic, like an, except for a billion dollars in gross revenue. But rollbit is pretty solid. Stake shuffle is pretty solid. So there are some decent players, but it feels like we're kind of in the maybe like Bitfinex, Bitmex era of this genre, and we're kind of waiting to see how this thing matures.
Speaker A: What does it need to grow? Technology or legal clarity or better, stable coins that can't rug get rugged?
Speaker B: We better stable coins. I can't.
Speaker A: You think, as in, like, do they have to only use tether? Because, like, I feel like for a lot of these casinos, they basically can't use some. USCC is probably, I think some of.
Speaker B: Them do use USCC because they're all licensed. Right. This is not, you know, it truly.
Speaker D: Is the USDC terms of service, which we've talked about on the show a long time ago. I'm pretty sure the USDC terms of service restrict gambling.
Speaker B: Oh, really? Okay, maybe I'm mistaken.
Speaker D: There's all this weird stuff that USDC has this long terms of service that's like, no debt settlement, no this, no that. And one of them, I'm pretty sure is gambling.
Speaker B: Interesting. Yeah, I'm not quite sure. Then I think a lot of these have different flavors. Some of them are truly appeal to crypto people, and that is obviously a somewhat limited segment. Maybe that will grow over time, or maybe you can go mainstream from there. Some of them Drake live streams for stake, and so it's obviously hyper mainstream. I'm hoping there's something in between of having the nice UX that people like of a mainstream application, but maybe using crypto under the hood, or also, frankly, not relying on totally opaque, centralized games to actually run the business logic. I'm hoping there's a little bit more transparency around that at some point. Or the really is moving to a non custodial model will be nice, but right now, I mean, it's kind of like the market is speaking and people are okay with kind of the situation as is.
Speaker A: I mean, Drake has inspired meme coins off.
Speaker B: That's true.
Speaker A: We've come full circle. We've come full circle.
Speaker B: That's true. I saw some Anita Max win stickers on the street the other day, so that's exactly.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: Things move fastest.
Speaker A: Yeah, it is, it is. I feel like, yeah, the casinos are missing out on the meme coins.
Speaker D: Yeah. Okay, so sorry, just to follow up here, because I wanted to make sure that I was getting this right, fact checking myself here on circles terms of service, because I just like to remind myself and everyone here how this works. So there are certain things called prohibited transactions in circles terms of service. They include, um, anybody who's in a restricted territory, which I think is like, sanctioned countries. So you're not allowed to hold UFCC. Um, you cannot use UFCC to buy any weapons, including firearms, ammunition, knives, uh, no. Controlled substances, including narcotics, prescription drugs. If you have a prescription, you're not allowed to use it with USDC, um, related paraphernalia, steroids, um, blah, blah, blah.
Speaker A: Just imagining all those, all those guys at equinox who are just like, oh, man, I need my fix. And like, I can't send USDC gambling.
Speaker D: Activities, including, but not limited to sports betting, casino games, horse racing, dog racing, dog racing, games that may be classified as gambling, that is, poker or other activities unless they are authorized by the jurisdiction which the user's base, as well as the jurisdiction which transaction takes place and provide any such activities comply with all applicable law.
Speaker B: Okay, well that's why they have hamster racing to get around the us service.
Speaker C: Okay, so horses are prohibited. Hamsters are allowed.
Speaker D: Theyre not explicitly disallowed. Ill say that.
Speaker C: Got it.
Speaker D: No money laundering, surprise prize. No ponzi schemes, pyramid schemes or mlms. No goods or services that infringe on copyright. So apparently you cant spend USDC to buy. What is it? Obama, Sonic, inu ten or whatever. Apparently thats not allowed.
Speaker A: Probably even Anita Maxwin. I don't, I don't even know if there must be someone who.
Speaker D: No credit repair services or other services that present consumer protection risks. Uh, no court order payments, no structured settlements. No tax payments or tax settlements. Um, no counterfeit.
Speaker C: No tax payments.
Speaker A: No taxpayers.
Speaker D: Yeah, no tax payments. No court order payments, structured settlements, tax payments, or tax settlements.
Speaker C: Speaker one, I feel like the us government would be super excited if people would pay their taxes in USDC.
Speaker D: Why would they want that?
Speaker C: I don't know. It would arrive instantly.
Speaker A: Yeah, why not? All the benefits of not having to wait for the bank.
Speaker D: I mean, I don't think they want. Well, you can't pay your taxes in treasuries either, can you?
Speaker C: You should be able to do that too. But that's a complex back end process and it's who knows how to do it, USDC.
Speaker D: So just, I mean, USC is effectively private money, right? So obviously they don't want you paying in like some weird, I mean, whatever, it doesn't matter.
Speaker A: It is, it is true. It is true that 99.99% of the usage of USDC probably falls into one of those.
Speaker D: I think so. Right?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: And then the last category, what the.
Speaker A: Fuck do people use USDC for? That doesn't.
Speaker D: The last category is any other matters, goods or services. From time to time we communicate to you that are unacceptable. So basically like they'll, by the way, this is not, you can't do this. So fuck you.
Speaker C: Has circle ever enforced that? Ever?
Speaker D: That's the thing. I'm sure they haven't. Right? This is all written by lawyers, so I doubt they've ever enforced any of these things. But technically, FYI, Circle has the most restrictive terms of service of any stable point that I've seen, so. And it largely is unchanged from the last time I remember this, which was like two years ago, this basically looks the same. So, yeah, circle. Circle is actually the most restrictive by terms of service, which is probably why it's not using exchanges.
Speaker C: Does tether even have a terms of service?
Speaker D: I'm sure they do. I'm sure they all do. But tether is enumerative.
Speaker C: This is very philosophical. You can obviously be a tether user without ever having seen a terms of service from tether.
Speaker B: It's true for USDC too, right? Like someone says USDC, unless it's on chain somewhere. I don't know if they put this in their smart contracts.
Speaker D: I mean, they claim, they claim that you abide by these terms of service if you hold the token. So it's kind of like, you know, I'm sure, obviously these things have never been tried in court. And like, you know, I'm sure they would not hold up because receiving USCC in a wallet, by no means anyway. Like, it's almost like, oh, you installed our video game, therefore you, like, are bound by our terms of service, even though you never signed anything or like, even acknowledged it. Courts have largely viewed that as being nonbinding and kind of bullshit. I assume the same would probably be true of a stablecoin that just arrives in your wallet and you're like, oh yeah, I'm not bound by, yeah, I'm.
Speaker B: Shuffling both support USDC. So if any circle lawyers are listening to the podcast, you can go shut them down.
Speaker D: Oh goodness. Well, no, no, no, because it says gambling if it's not allowed in the jurisdiction and by the user, and by the blah, blah, blah. So if shuffle is compliant, then it's fine, I guess. But for, but for role bid, it might not be. If role bid is not compliant, which I understand that it's like, kind of curious there.
Speaker C: So let me disclose after reading the source code, there are some terms in the USDC contract code themselves, which I can summarize very quickly. It simply just says, copyright center 2018 permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files to deal in the software without restriction, including without limitation to rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sub license, and or sell copies of the software, and to permit persons to whom the software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions. And then there's like, no conditions. So the only terms in the actual USDC token contract themselves say go wild.
Speaker B: Apparently you're also not allowed to hold USCC if you're under 18. So I'm sorry to all the miners that are also listening to this podcast.
Speaker D: But miners with an odd yde, not minor.
Speaker A: Yeah, those crypto miners. Crypto miners are crypto miners. I feel like that's a great shirt to wear at a conference.
Speaker D: That does not sound like a good shirt to wear at a conference.
Speaker B: Yeah, I don't know if I'm gonna be probably.
Speaker D: I would not encourage you. I would very strongly not encourage you to put that on a shirt and arrive at a crypto conference. You will probably get kicked out.
Speaker A: I did crypto minors, not crypto minors. Maybe I should have got the ordering correctly.
Speaker D: I think either way, I would discourage you from making that shirt and distributing that shirt out of concern for you as a friend.
Speaker A: Okay, well, don't use USDC if you're under 18.
Speaker D: That's all right. This is why Tarun is not your growth hacker, but is your governance advisor.
Speaker A: There's different types of.
Speaker D: All right, great. Okay, I think with that, we're ready to sign off. Thank you, everybody, and we'll be back next week.
