Speaker A: Hey unchained listeners, as you know its hard keeping up with the fast paced world of crypto, so weve got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. youll get the latest crypto news in original articles from our reporters, as well as summaries of other happenings in bullet points. Plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. Its still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot. Again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot.
Speaker B: Not a dividend, its a tale of Tuqwan.
Speaker C: Now your losses are on someone elses balance sheet.
Speaker D: Generally speaking, airdrops are kind of pointless anyways.
Speaker C: I manage trading firms who are very involved.
Speaker B: Alec Eth is the ultimate defi.
Speaker E: Protocols are the antidote to this problem.
Speaker C: Hello everybody. Welcome to the chopping block. Every couple of weeks, the four of us get together and give the industry insiders perspective on the crypto topics of the day. So, first, quick intros, we've got Tom, the defi maven amasser of memes. Next, we've got Robert, the cryptocurreno sewer and captain of compound. Then we've got Tarun the giga brain and grand Poobah at Gauntlet. And finally, I'm a CB, the head hype man at Dragonfly. We are early stage investors in crypto, but I want to caveat that nothing we say here is investment advice, legal advice, or even life advice. Please see choppingblock XYZ for more disclosures. Okay, boys, we are back at 30k. It seems like all of a sudden markets had a sign of life. Things are up again, despite all the SEC attacks against crypto and all these things being supposedly unregistered securities. And the market is trying to figure out where this stuff is coming from. And Tarun had a theory. Tarun, can you explain to us why markets are up so much?
Speaker B: Well, cryptocurrency's favorite astrologer is back in action. Marin Altman is putting out a new natal chart. As a soul bound NFT, it must be the reason everything is going up.
Speaker C: A navel chart as in Natal?
Speaker B: N a t a l. I don't even know what that is.
Speaker C: What does that mean?
Speaker B: Yeah, it's like a birth chart. It's a birth chart, right?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: Oh, so what it means, like, what month. How does this relate to prices or crypto at all? Yeah. Aren't prices univers, like, no matter where you're born?
Speaker B: For my thesis and I chose a random tweet that I saw today, which was, you know, got it. So because mercury is a retrofit, it's generated on chain. Can you believe it? It's like generative. Generative astrology. You had generative AI recently, but now we've moved forward, we're on generative.
Speaker C: Own your astrology. Own your astrology. Okay, we're clicking through this. Hold on. You got to figure out what price prediction this is going to give us.
Speaker B: Don't ask me.
Speaker E: Tom is going to mince one of these live.
Speaker B: But the most interesting thing for people who don't know is during the bull market, she did give a lot of price predictions from her astrological insights.
Speaker C: How do they do?
Speaker B: I don't know. I don't think any of them did well, but I have no clue.
Speaker C: It's hard to beat the market when you're relying on astrological signs. I'll say that. I think we can say with some.
Speaker B: Confidence I am surprised there has never been a coin that's. There's tons of coins based on random astronomical things, like cosmos, for instance. But I've never seen anyone go straight for the astrology thing. But I feel like if you did.
Speaker C: That, what wasn't Jay's new project from Cosmos? Jay's. What was it called? Virgo project or Libra project? Well, there was Libra, literally, and there's.
Speaker B: Gemini, but none of them leaned into the astrology. They just happened to choose particular. In the Gemini case, it was about the twins, not the astrology. Right.
Speaker C: I think the astrology gets you in the door, but if you go too hard on the astrology, I think you start scaring people away.
Speaker B: But it's like dog coins are a form of astrology.
Speaker C: If you lean all the way into astrology, you definitely do not have segregated customer accounts. That's, like, the one rule that I can assure you for exchanges.
Speaker B: But you don't think dog coins are sort of feel like astrology, right, where it's like, whichever dog coins the flavor of the month is suddenly, like, people give you some retroactive reason for why it happens, and, like, they pretend it's causal, but, you know, obviously, who knows?
Speaker C: Yeah. Well, okay, so taking a step back, the real reason why markets are up so much is because, not just because mercury is in retrograde, but also that Blackrock filed for an ETF, a bitcoin ETF. Now, uh, if you haven't been following crypto, you might not understand why this is a big deal. So, uh, there, there have been many, many attempts to try to create a bitcoin spot ETF in, uh, the US. Um, there are other countries that have sort of exchange traded products for, for bitcoin, but the US, the SEC has always denied any bitcoin spot ETF products, although they have approved bitcoin futures ETF products. And this has been a point of contention for the industry, which is that part of the reason why it is difficult for retail investors to get access to bitcoin is that they cannot buy it in a normal brokerage account very easily the way that you could with an ETF. And a lot of institutions are unable to buy it very easily without getting on board into something like Coinbase, which, of course, is currently under attack for their business model by the SEC. So there have been many attempts by different groups to try to create bitcoin ETF's, but they've all been shot down by the SEC over the last three or four years. But Blackrock just filed an ETF kind of out of nowhere. This didn't seem to be on anybody's radar. And Blackrock, of course, is the largest asset manager in the world. They have trillions of assets under management. They are absolutely massive. And they also have a pretty incredible record of getting ETF approved. And so there's a lot of speculation now in the market that this Blackrock ETF filing means that this ETF is going to get approved. 400 plus ETF applications that Blackrock has made. Only once have they ever not been approved. And the last time that happened was like in 2007 or something. It was a very, very long time ago. So this seems to imply that Blackrock knows something the rest of the market doesn't. And basically, immediately on the heels of that, we saw Invesco, which is also a large ETF manager. Wisdom tree and Valkyrie all file their ETF applications. We also saw the GBTC, that's the grayscale bitcoin trust. We saw the nav, uh, the, the discount to nav, meaning, you know, this, this was a lot of the, the origin of the three ac blow up and all the stuff that was going on, which is that this trust, which does not allow redemptions, unlike an exchange traded product, this, uh, this trust doesn't allow redemptions. So when it trades below par, there's no way to actually get it back into par using arbitrage. Um, that gap is closing, so it's now down to 33%, which is a local high. Um, on speculation that if this Blackrock ETF gets approved, that it's also very likely that the GBTC ETF gets approved as well, or the conversion into an ETF gets approved, and therefore that this grayscale trust is going to get unlocked and that discount is going to go away. That seems to be driving a lot of excitement about crypto, and it seems to run very counter to the feeling in the air that we all had just a couple of weeks ago, which is this kind of gloominess in the US, that institutions are going to back off, that crypto is dead, us is going to be pushing things overseas. How do you guys see the story and how does it fit into your picture of what crypto is doing in the US now that you have Blackrock filing for a bitcoin ETF?
Speaker E: Well, from what ive heard, and again, im not an expert, but what ive heard from others is that theres a speculation that all of these ETF applications were filed in response to expectations that the grayscale lawsuit is going to result in grayscale being approved via judicial action, and that if Grayscale is approved or theres the expectation that its going to be approved, then everyone else wants to get in line quickly. Now, the thing thats really surprising is that everybody that Haseeb already mentioned, like all of the biggest players on earth, pretty much all came out at the exact same time with their applications. And this is actually the most surprising thing because it would have required all of them to have done a lot of work before this point. Creating an application is not an overnight process. It's a lengthy process that has a lot of legal time and expense that goes into it. All of the different applications clearly must have been ready to go previously. Either all of these sponsors were just waiting for some sign and they all, you know, just immediately.
Speaker B: Astrological sign, maybe, could be, maybe, you.
Speaker E: Know, the world works.
Speaker C: Mercury, right.
Speaker E: Mercury got everyone to take their applications, you know, that they were, you know, holding on the shelf at their lawyer's office and they decided, I'll file them this week, you know, or they know something that other people don't, or they were instructed, you know, to are told that SEC was going to change its regulatory process regarding bitcoin, spot ETF's. But whatever it was, every single firm had an application ready to go, and they all filed them at pretty much the exact same time. So this week has been just a drumbeat of institutions entering crypto with registered products, which again, is exactly what the SEC has always indicated that in concept, it wants. It wants people to file prospectuses for investment products and disclose the risks and create new things. And so there's now this wave of institutions that believe that the time is right. And so it'd be really interesting to see over the next couple of weeks which get approved. It's possible every single one of them gets approved and there's just an army of different choices for consumers to be able to purchase bitcoin and have it held in an ETF trust structure. So, pretty exciting time, but we're going to have to wait and see to see what the actual outcome is, because the applications alone fundamentally don't mean anything.
Speaker C: So again, I don't know anything about how these processes work, but beyond just what I've observed over the last few years of seeing things repeatedly get rejected. But it seems plausible to me that the reason why all these folks have come out of the woodwork is that the SEC is basically ready to backpedal. They see that this case, the GBTC lawsuit that is going live, is not going well for them, and they see kind of sentiment turning in Congress against the way that the SEC has been regulating the industry. And rather than have it be basically, the market is owned by Grayscale or these crypto folks, it's plausible to me that they reached out to very high quality ETF sponsors that the SEC knows how to regulate very well, and basically said, look, why don't you guys come in the market? I think this thing is ready to go, and we really don't want it to be just grayscale out here, basically attracting deposits. We'd like to have a more regulated counterparty to be working with in having these products out there.
Speaker E: Right, which rugs? Grayscale, essentially, if they were going to get approved traditionally and be the only product out there, they might not be first to market, they might be last to market.
Speaker B: Well, the other thing thats kind of weird is like, I feel like some of the speculation ive read, and again, I have no information that is real or advantaged in any way about this, is that this would basically force Grayscale to sell to one of, basically sell their holdings to one of these if they got approved first, because it would just be like otherwise they wouldn't be able to exit very easily, and all the creditors and stuff would just push DCG into selling it, because these funds would obviously want those funds immediately.
Speaker C: Do you mean selling the underlying assets or selling the actual product like actual GBT?
Speaker B: No, no, the underlying assets, like dissolving the trust, selling it and retracting the proceeds and returning it to the right, like dissolving it. And basically you get a Blackrock share. And for that makes sense.
Speaker C: So you start rewrap all the underlying assets and give them back.
Speaker B: And the argument for the only reason I said this is all the. There are a lot of people who are like trade that the spread the discount to Nav for Grayscale, where this was their thesis, was that the reason it's going to zero like people are think it'll converge is because the court system will take forever. But if this gets approved, basically the fastest thing that could happen is actually some type of forced acquisition like this.
Speaker C: Is there a precedent for that? Has that happened before?
Speaker B: This is where. I don't know, but this is what people who love trading GBTC spreads were saying. So I have no clue if that's like, they were very informed on this or this was like a Reddit style conspiracy theory.
Speaker D: Yeah, it does feel kind of like a slap to the face of DCG of why we've had some of these defaults and why they're in the position that they're in. It's people getting trapped underwater in the GPTC trade, which obviously they facilitate through Genesis. And now it's like, well, even if you basically are allowed to have this ETF conversion, that would have solved the problem in the first place. You don't actually get to benefit from it because Blackrock is sort of sweeping it out from under you and pretty much collapsing the value of grayscale. So it's like they just can't win to an extent.
Speaker E: Right? And just to be extremely clear, GBTC and the grayscale products have been a toxic financial product that tens of billions of dollars have flowed into over the last couple of years. You know, the fact that you can't redeem from the product and you're charged exorbitant fees 2% to literally just total bitcoin or ether, that's not a good financial product. And the only reason it worked is because at one point it traded for a premium due to supply and demand imbalance and assets rushed in. But fundamentally, the grayscale trusts are a toxic product that have not been good for the investors, the industry. And it really was the root cause of a lot of the things that blew up.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker E: Three ac and the ripple effects and just, you know, it's been an absolute calamity and really like alternatives to GPTC and the Grayscale Trust should have been approved a long time ago, and it would have been healthier for everybody, would have been healthier for investors, healthier for the market, healthier for competitors. And it's just really sad that there's never been any actual competition on that front. And the only product that's been traded is a yemenite toxic product.
Speaker C: Thats such a good point, Robert. So much of the damage over the last year could have been avoided if this product basically was arbitrage out of existence. Its a testament to the fact that market efficiency creates so much more stability than maintaining these inefficient markets. I do feel bad to some degree for grayscale, because clearly grayscale, they are in some sense the people who push the envelope with the SEC to force their hand to have to approve. I mean, again, we might be jumping the gun, but to approve a bitcoin ETF, and it seems overwhelming that they're not going to be the beneficiary of that. That said, they got paid plenty in the years that they essentially had a monopoly on being that exchange traded product. The interesting detail about, I don't know if you guys have any color on this. The interesting detail of why the SEC has claimed that they've rejected all these previous a bitcoin spot products is because they don't have these market surveillance market surveillance agreements. And BlackRock supposedly has this. This is the one thing that one place where they diverge from previous applications, and the same thing is true for wisdom tree and for Invesco, is that now they have these surveillance sharing agreements in place. It was always a little bit unclear why this mattered. That seemed like always a little bit of a red herring, given that bitcoin is such a massively traded product everywhere in the world. The degree to which you can actually have these surveillance sharing agreements with the biggest spot market, which is binance, presumably the way that we calculate the indices for what the spot price is, also uses a bunch of different exchanges. I don't totally understand the details of why this was such a sticking point for the SEC, but it seems like now it's been overcome and that should at least address the nominal protest that the SEC gave to all the previous products that were in place. So in one sense, having having a spot product as well as a futures product. So there's a spot spot ETF. Futures ETF, Futures ETF. Although technically you could get access to bitcoin exposure, a futures ETF is just a much more complex product. It does weird things when the futures are going to roll over and stuff, and it's just not as retail friendly. It's not as straightforward as just a super low cost ETF. There's no rolling, there's no fanciness, there's super low fees because it's just a big pile of bitcoin that you can hold on any us exchange.
Speaker B: Well, I mean also the other advantage they had was like, it's one of the few ways to express crypto exposure in a retirement account, which seemed to be like one of the biggest drivers of volume. Right. So yeah, I'm more surprised the vanguards of the world haven't or like fidelity, right. If they like built a custodian, like you think they would have tried.
Speaker E: I think Fidelity has a custodian.
Speaker B: No, no, no. Aizen. They would have tried to make Aetf.
Speaker E: Oh yeah.
Speaker B: They have so much captive investment retirement like customer, a customer base that's easy to sell to. Instead they went for all these like weird stuff like well backed, maybe forgettable exposure, but you know, but like, I mean, you know, obviously their custody and stuff has done well, but I'm just surprised they, someone like them who seemed to have first mover advantage didn't, wasnt one of the names we saw.
Speaker E: Are there any stats for actually how much is in custody at Fidelity in crypto assets?
Speaker C: I dont know.
Speaker E: Be interesting, Preston.
Speaker C: Yeah. So the other thing about this ETF story is obviously its caused bitcoin to cross 30k. ETH is at 1800. Markets are rallying on this news basically to a level we havent seen since April. The interesting thing is the sentiment shift seems really dramatic. Basically a week ago we assumed that crypto had just become untouchable by us institutions, and now all of a sudden you have even larger us institutions who had not messed with crypto seriously in quite a while. Now all of a sudden entering the fray and signaling some seriousness about thinking this is a market worth going after. The other side of that news is that last week there was a story that a 16 z, which of course is one of the largest venture funds in Crypto, sorry, the largest venture fund in crypto, they were creating a new office for ACCNZ Crypto, their crypto arm in London, and claiming that they believed that London was going to be the new crypto capital of Europe and perhaps that there was going to be more and more founders leaving the US and moving over into the UK. What did you guys think of the story about London potentially being this new crypto hub within Europe or potentially siphoning talent away from the US, especially in light of what we're seeing now this week.
Speaker E: Well, I mean, first of all, it's entirely plausible, right? The primary argument being that even after everyone has filed ETF applications over the past week, there have been zero actual signs of any regulatory framework actually moving forward or any additional clarity whatsoever moving forward. Seeing all these institutions get excited is.
Speaker C: Creates a lot of hope.
Speaker E: But nothing has fundamentally changed last week to this week, besides a ton of institutions demonstrating their interest in this. But there's always been interest in having crypto financial products. You know, the UK and a lot of Europe and a lot of Asia is actually creating a regulatory framework for crypto to flourish, period. Nothing opacity and questionable things. It's just they're actually moving forward and trying to be welcoming and encouraging of innovation. And I think what led to a 16 z creating a UK office is the fact that all of the most primary us based businesses in crypto have already, over the past couple of months, started moving offshore. Coinbase is starting moving offshore, Gemini has started moving offshore. Like all of these things that we think of as like, the us bedrock of crypto have been moving offshore in response to regulatory overreach in many cases. And we have an exact opposite environment in the UK. The prime minister was touting the fact that he's trying to create a crypto friendly country. And over time, if you're an entrepreneur deciding where you're gonna create something new, there's a ton of evidence that you should be doing it in the UK or doing it in some other country that's like, extremely welcoming. And so, you know, I think Andreessen just sees the writing on the wall and sees that there's gonna be more and more entrepreneurship, you know, having a focal point in the UK or Europe in general, and is trying to, you know, skate to where the puck is going and change their approach. And they're probably going to be correct. There's probably going to be a lot more investment opportunities for them, for entrepreneurs in the UK and Europe. So I think it was a brilliant move. I think they're doing what capitalism and regulation in the US have forced them to do, and I think they're doing it because they're profit motivated and they see the writing.
Speaker C: An interesting angle on this. I agree with you, it's very clear the UK is trying to position itself as being this new Haven within Europe. I kind of imagine that, look, when you're at the scale of a 16 z, it's also you can sort of hedge a little bit and say, look, right now it's basically only one partner who's going over there. The rest of the team, as far as I know, is still stateside. You can hedge a little bit, but also I feel like part of it. There was these hearings last week at the House Financial Services subcommittee, and they were basically going through some of the recent events that were happening in crypto. And this thing about a six and Z opening an office in London, this was brought up a couple of times as an indication that, hey, this is a sign that we're messing things up. We have the biggest venture firm in crypto now going overseas and talking about how great the UK is, as opposed to the US as being a place to fund startups. I have to imagine that part of their motivation for this was guilt tripping the US. And it seems to be working to the extent that it's one thing to say, well, they're going to Singapore, they're going to Dubai. They sound kind of shady to an american congressperson. But if you tell a congressperson like, oh, no, London is stealing our jobs and they're taking our investments and our startups, and these smart people are going over there instead of over here. The fact that it's the UK, and obviously our relationship with the UK is such that we don't want to lose to them. In particular, I think this is actually a very brilliant move at the low cost of just opening an office and moving one person over.
Speaker B: Well, I guess my question is, has it been working? You made it sound like there already has been. I mean, I feel like there were a couple nice pr articles and like, the prime minister, I'm talking about the.
Speaker C: Way it came across to congresspeople. They brought it up, some hearings, yes, they brought up several times during the hearings as venture capital firms are moving overseas to the UK because we do not have a regulatory framework. That is the way it's being kind of digested by Congress, which is great.
Speaker E: Well, I mean, the reality is entrepreneurs have been moving out of the US for years and no one is given a shit. Like, frankly, it's amazing that every time people have been like, entrepreneurs been moving offshore, it's like, well, it doesn't matter. You know, two guys in a garage, who cares? But, like, as soon as a venture firm does it, it's like, oh my goodness, the venture capitalists are moving offshore. Now we have to pay attention. But, like, this has been happening. And like, I don't think anyone in Congress cared when Coinbase and Gemini and, like, the biggest businesses were the ones who actually are the job creators moving offshore. It's just, you know, it's a little bit annoying because, like, I. People have been making us think about this by trying to demonstrate the reality of how much more difficult the US was for a foundation for innovation in other countries for years now.
Speaker B: On the other hand, investors do more lobbying or more targeted lobbying investors. It's not like it randomly happened, is I guess what I'm saying. It's. The companies are usually a little more inept at being able to do that type because it's not in the DNA of a founder to be like, yes, I want to go lobby.
Speaker C: And companies are naturally more suspect.
Speaker B: Yeah, it just never works that way. Right.
Speaker C: Tom, you were going to add something.
Speaker D: Yeah, I was going to say. I mean, I think the entrepreneurs are really the ones to focus on here. You can still invest into european or british startups from the US. Nothing precludes you from doing that. But obviously, if you want to base your operations and team outside the US, that's obviously much more important. And where your base is much more important to how you think about a regulatory or which regulations you fall under. So I agree it feels a bit showy, but I guess people are paying.
Speaker E: Attention and they should encourage it so that they can tax it later.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: So it's good to see the UK kind of taking on the Singapore strategy, which I guess kind of the UK is becoming more and more the Singapore of Europe, where it's sort of this. It's like, okay, we can kind of get away from EU governance. We can kind of set some rules, make it attractive for capital flows. Otherwise, domestically, there's not that much going on.
Speaker E: Well, the rest of their economy is kind of, like, in decline right now, so.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So they're very much taking the Singapore strategy of just like, let's just have great governance and great kind of financial capital and besides that, like, yeah, otherwise things are kind of a mess.
Speaker B: Well, also, they haven't had a premier who is a mercantilist until recently. Right. Like, they've kind of had these, like, Bozos for a long time as their leaders. I mean, so have we. Right. Like, the US has had bozos, too, but I'm not trying to. It's not popcorn kettleback.
Speaker C: I think Trump was very mercantilist, actually.
Speaker D: Yeah. Are you just Stamford grad or is there something deeper on your mind there?
Speaker B: Well, I don't know. I mean, he clearly worked in finance for a while. I feel like he's much more attuned to this than Boris. Boris can't even, like, tie his shoes correctly. Like, it's kind of a. It's like, not even a Boris.
Speaker E: Boris was no dummy. Let me say that. Boris was actually.
Speaker B: He was. He definitely had street smarts, but Boris was like LBJ. I don't think he was like, you know, trying to do the Singapore strategy.
Speaker E: I mean, Boris was not just like some LBJ. He was actually an incredibly intelligent, literate and thoughtful politician. Like, I don't think he gets enough credit in that regard, but, like, he actually was incredibly smart.
Speaker B: He certainly didn't seem like it when he was in office. I agree. His, like, history, like, looks good, but I'm certainly not a Boris fan.
Speaker E: Let's say the chopping block will pivot into UK politics.
Speaker C: I'm following zero of this. I've seen so little, actually.
Speaker B: Can I ask. Can I ask you guys a question? Like, of all the british companies that you can think of in the last ten years, which one do you give a shit about in 2023? And there's only one I can think of personally, which is transfer wise.
Speaker C: DeepMind.
Speaker B: DeepMind. Transfer wise. Yeah, those are like, the two. It's actually kind of hard to think of that many british companies.
Speaker E: This is why they actually need to encourage innovation. Like, I've read a crazy stat which was like, you know, the amount of new ipos in London is like, anemic compared to, like, historical averages. There's just, like, no new companies really going public in the UK. And when they do, the returns have been mediocre. Like, the new issuance has been really, really bad. And hopefully we can pull up some stats or something on this. But that's the leading indicator for saying, hey, we need to rethink this and open our doors to entrepreneurs and capital and get this mojo going here in the UK.
Speaker C: Well, this is the Singapore thing too, right? If your local economy and your demographics and your trade relations are kind of crap, but you can compete on being like, hey, this is a great financial market on which to IPo or to attract your entrepreneurs and set up your headquarters here. It's kind of what Dublin has been historically, especially for tech companies. Obviously, that's more of tax arbitrage than it is actual about governance and financial markets. But I think I can see the UK nestling into that kind of a position and using that to solidify its importance internationally, because otherwise, I think London, the UK broadly, has been kind of fighting against its decline for the last 20 years. And I feel like at a certain point you have to definitely not.
Speaker B: 412 war of 1812 was like the.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. All right, fine, fine, fine. But at a certain point, you kind of accept that, okay, we're just, like, kind of a lonely island with bad demographics and, like, you know, and we still fund.
Speaker B: We still fund our royals excesses with public.
Speaker C: Yeah, exactly. I mean, that stuff is all very bizarre to me as well. But once you accept that and you're like, cool, what do we do with this? You know? And you sort of take the Singapore attitude of, hey, we don't need to be the center of the universe, but let's, like, find something that we can be really, really strong at anyway. It's a good sign at the very least.
Speaker B: Well, I do think they have an extremely well educated, stem populace for this kind of thing, compared to virtually any other candidate for someone trying to do this. So I think they're in good shape there. I mean, I also feel like France was also trying to do a little bit of stuff like this. But then binance had an office in France or something.
Speaker C: Yeah. Didn't Paris just kick out binance?
Speaker B: Yeah, apparently they just. Yeah, but there were all these people saying, like, France, France is the future for crypto. And clearly, I don't know, that was.
Speaker E: Because people were saying that Defi was the future of finance. Then it became the future of France.
Speaker B: No, but then all the same particular french Defi people from 2020 all were shilling on Twitter in the last six months, being like, oh, look, Biden's coming to France is the greatest thing ever. And living there is amazing. And look, we're going to be the crypto heaven. And really, I don't think so.
Speaker C: Bran's is not bacon. That's the lesson.
Speaker B: Yes. Okay, so my last question is, are you going to move there, Haseeb? You gonna move to Britain? What would it take? What would it take? Like, what would you need to see for it to be like, all right, I'm going to Britain. I'm going to learn to eat that food.
Speaker C: If it was. Yeah. I mean, first of all, Britain. I mean, not to hate on any. I don't know if any of her listeners are in the UK, but Britain is just like, the weather is so crappy. It's so depressing. People there are just unfriendly. I would really fight going to the UK. I feel like Lisbon would be more doable. I could do Lisbon and then commute or something. So here's the thing. If you remember before COVID the standard game for DeFi, founders, or founders in general, would be, you have a team in the US. You go to Switzerland and that's where you incorporate and you do your ico and you do your blah blah blah. And then you might have a tech team in the US, but there's like this sort of legal separation between the token issuer and the tech team. I would be very surprised if something like that does not continue in one form or another unless the SEC is extremely aggressive about establishing us nexus, which so far they haven't been quite so aggressive on like where the tech people are. It's more about, you know, if you advertise here, if you, you know, do stuff domestically and you attract us customers, seems to be most of what they care about, I would assume that that's going to continue in shape. If it doesn't. And if we see that basically people are like, look, I have to move everyone to the UK and that's the only way that I can do this, then I would need to see it for at least a year and a half. Right. By the time we see the 2024 presidency roll over and we have some clarity on whether or not this regime of being anti crypto is going to continue in the US, that would probably be the moment where I can really seriously consider making a move. Otherwise, it feels potentially transient. Right. There have been a lot of places that were that crypto hub for like a year and then it kind of moved over and people moved on because people in crypto obviously very mobile. Right. The fact that people can even be thinking about going to the UK means that they can be thinking of going somewhere else a year later. So that's the way that I would think about it. The reality too is that theres still going to be a lot of activity that is in Asia rather than in Europe. Right. So I think if youre Andreessen, it naturally makes sense to like, hey, Leo, look, we kind of covered the anglophone market. Thats always been our bread and butter. And the reality too, you dont need to be in the UK, like Tom mentioned, to actually see UK deals, right. At Dragonfly, we see deals basically from anybody who speaks English. You can get your deck to us via Twitter or via Gmail or whatever. And so it's traditionally been the case that whether or not, whether you're in the UK, whether you're in Germany, whether you're in Australia, you see all the same vc's. Right. Because everybody kind of lives on Twitter and they don't necessarily know where you are until they actually get on the call and ask you. So I don't think that that really changes that much of the calculus for a venture capitalist, unless something really dramatically changes, which is possible, but I think it's too early to say. So the other big news last week, speaking of all the stuff going on with regulation, was about this firm called Prometheum. This became a bit of a Twitter witch hunt. Hullabaloo. So last week, when the House financial services subcommittee did their hearing on digital assets, they had a number of witnesses that they interrogated about, you know, what was going on in the industry. And one of them was this gentleman from a firm called Prometheum, which is the first SEC approved special purpose broker dealer to trade digital asset securities. Okay, so what the hell does that mean? Special purpose broker dealer is basically a broker dealer license. We can trade. You have. You have some special abilities that normal broker dealers don't have? Uh, that's my understanding. They were the first and only one that's ever been approved for digital asset securities. Now, the problem with this is that digital asset securities as a concept do not exist. There are no registered digital asset securities. So this person, basically, they went on stage and they were kind of, they were basically like an SEC shill. Effectively, they were advocating for the importance of the SEC being the regulator of choice for the digital asset industry. They basically backed the SEC and said, yes, everything in crypto is a security. All these tokens are securities. They should not be traded by retail investors. They should register and file disclosures and all this stuff. There are all these scams in the industry, and the industry needs to be protected, or retail investors need to be protected from the industry. But then, as he got interrogated by Congress, Congress started pulling out. Some of the congresspeople who were asking him questions started pulling out some weird stuff about his exchange. So, for example, they raised a $50 million reg a plus to issue a token, which is kind of weird because there is no token. And their website has been scrubbed of any mentions of a token. They raised $48 million with Wanshung, which is a group affiliated with a fund called Hashkee that invested into them. Now, Wanchang, Hashke, they have connections to the CCP, which is kind of strange. And they mentioned that they went through an investigation by CFIUS, which is the group that checks out these weird international connections, but nothing happened. Their broker, through which they raised this $48 million, was a group called Network one Financial securities, which was the broker behind the Long island blockchain ice t pivot has a track record of a ton of regulatory violations, basically super shady for whatever reason. Now, the most obvious thing that's very strange about this company is that you can't trade anything on Prometheum. Now what I mean, you can't trade anything. You cannot trade bitcoin, you cannot trade ether, you cannot trade stable coins, you cannot trade solana or compound or whatever. Actually, ironically enough, they list compound on the site as though compound is something that you could trade, but you can't, of course, because compound is not registered with the SEC as a digital asset security. So there is nothing actually that can be done with this platform. And so there's a lot of weird questions because there are some connections from the team to people who work formally at the SEC or work with various agencies. So now there are questions of like, why did the SEC approve this guy with no real track record, no real business, no real ability to trade anything and have this person go in front of Congress and basically say, this is so great, the SEC should do everything. Why can't you just do what we did?
Speaker B: You forgot. You forgot the best part. Everyone works at Prometheum who has a law degree, got a law degree from a place that is not accredited by the bar. I thought that was the best part of the story.
Speaker C: Yes. So it's a really bizarre situation and a bunch of Twitter sleuths, Matt Walsh and particular, were able to track down a lot of this information after the hearings. But basically the entire Internet is now awash with people trying to figure out what is going on here.
Speaker B: It's super, super weird conspiracy theory. Conspiracy theory. So, you know, you're talking about how like, hey, the SEC was like the one who like tried to nudge Blackrock. Maybe they did this as a way to, because they got so much bad press from Prometheum. They're like, blackrock, go, go, go. Distract them.
Speaker E: I mean, it's entirely possible.
Speaker C: You know.
Speaker B: I know it sounds crazy, but it's, I don't know. What is that? It's not that crazy.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, the blockchain association just filed a FOIA request, so the SEC is going to have to share exactly what led them to decide to approve this, this group, given all the weirdness behind them and also the fact that there was really, there doesn't seem to be any business plan as far as one can tell, even though they raised a giant pile of money.
Speaker E: I dont think the issue is approving this group. I think the issue is approving this group and not approving anybody else, including reputable businesses with long, successful track records like Coinbase that were trying to get approved to be able to get these licenses and approving Prometheum, but not existing entities with credibility and a track record and all of these things. Thats the part that boggles the mind. You know, I think there should be approvals for organizations like Promethean. I think there should be way more of them. I don't think Prometheum, which is like, you know, red flags out the wazoo, should be, for whatever reason, the only entity that's ever been given this type of license. That's the astounding part.
Speaker C: Well, so the red flags are comical. But I think the core point, as you're mentioning, Robert, I don't even know that it's so much that, okay, Prometheum got approved and other people didn't. It's more that the story the SEC is telling is that if you just come in and register, then you can run this business in a legal way. Well, this is what that looks like. This is what the SEC thinks that you're supposed to do. You're supposed to do what Prometheum did and launch an exchange that cannot trade anything. Literally. There is no asset that can be traded on this platform. So what is the point of them securing the special purpose broker dealer when it basically means that their business is dead? There is nothing that can be done on this platform. They have to sit around and wait a for the SEC to approve other digital asset securities so that they can be traded on this platform without any knowledge of what those will be or whether there is even a path for the digital assets that people want to trade. Like, you know, the SEC has claimed that Solana is a digital asset security. Okay, how does Solana register? There is no, there is no explanation, there is no story, there's no path. It has never happened. So that, I think, is really the crux of the problem is not just that, hey, why did you approve from Ethios and not approve Coinbase? If they told Coinbase, well, you could just do what Prometheum did? That is a non answer. That is basically saying, look, you must don't do your business. It's essentially a way of, it's a sort of Kafka esque doublespeak. Instead of saying, no, you cannot do this. What's that?
Speaker B: It's a sold bound token. You own the right to be non transferable.
Speaker E: I'm missing that analogy.
Speaker B: It was a bad joke about like, hey, like, I bought this thing. You can't do any trading with it. But look, I can show you, like, I bought this thing like a soldier.
Speaker C: I see. Okay, all right, all right. It's a poap for showing up at the SEC's office and paying a lot of money, but they're the only ones.
Speaker E: Who got that poap.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's the other thing. One of one. One of one.
Speaker C: Right, right. Yeah. So the other story from the kind of regulated exchange side is this exchange called EDX. The EDX. They were funded, I believe, last year by citsecurities, fidelity, Schwab, as well as paradigm and sequoia and virtue and a few other groups. And they are now launching a basically like sort of a tradfi exchange. So it's a non custodial exchange. But when they say non custodial, they don't mean defi non custodial, they mean non custodial in the traditional sense, which is that there is a custodian that will hold your funds, and they are just the, you know, basically they do the actual trading and the execution, the matchmaking, but the clearing happens on your custodian. So this is a members only exchange. This is not something that you can just show up, install the iOS app, and start trading. This is something basically for financial institutions to be able to trade. They can trade bitcoin, ether, litecoin, and bitcoin cash, which I guess there's some confidence now that ether is not a security, I guess, because it's being traded on this platform. Any, any thoughts on this one? I don't know if anyone.
Speaker B: So I think I have a hot take that maybe, maybe you may not agree with, which I think any venture funded exchange in that's targeting traditional finance people has completely failed in many different levels. Like everything from the Eric Reese thing, which, like, never fucking took off. The, you know, the lean startup is about making. The lean startup is about a book by Eric Reeves about, like, how you should, like, be very minimalistic when making a startup. He didn't take his own advice. He took ten years to make this exchange that has like, negligible market share at best.
Speaker C: And it was called the good exchange or something, right?
Speaker B: Something like that.
Speaker E: Long term stock exchange. Very, very, very small. Angel investor.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: I mean, their market share is abysmal. They raised like, a ridiculous amount of money, didnt work. All of these people who were in 2017 raising money, binance and then sort of FTX, were the only real survivors that made real exchanges, and neither of them had tons of venture funding off the ground. But then there were these people who raised tons of money in 2018 to do crypto exchanges, and some of them were institutional, some werent dot, dot, dot, all of them kind of hit the hay. I think the other thing is, anyone who offers bitcoin cash is just never going to make it. Who the fuck trades bitcoin cash? What are you doing? Just taking the other side of Roger Vera's bad loans. Always. I don't understand, Preston.
Speaker C: The bitcoin cash part is a mystery. It does seem a little off the mark for what institutions in the US want to be trading. But I don't know, it doesn't cost anything.
Speaker B: Let me tell you. I once recently had the misfortune of looking at Roger versus Instagram. And so I'll tell you, you're always taking the other side of Roger Ver. You're increasing his lifestyle habits by trading bitcoin cash.
Speaker C: I see. I agree with you that these do not have a good track record. Obviously almost all these institutional exchanges have belly flopped immediately. The difference now might be that a lot of these institutions just might be scared to trade on Coinbase at this point. And this might be the moment that theres actually enough legs to this thing that especially with the custody rule now getting closer to being enforced by the SEC, as well as the frontal assault on Coinbase, theres at least a path to being able to create enough liquidity for this kind of thing to potentially work. I do think that the venture returns are probably not going to be there. I mean this was funded in like early 2022, I think so. It was near the height of the market that this company was funded. So I doubt this is going to be a great return for anyone. Even if they are successful at gaining institutional traction within the US. You have to bet on the market growing a lot among institutions for this.
Speaker B: Thing to really be us based institutions.
Speaker C: Us based institutions.
Speaker B: It just feels a little too.
Speaker E: Especially if the exchange is only doing matching. Like matching at high throughput is not something that like you earn 1% on, right? Like exchanges are hard and have like a moat and market share because like they do all the things right now, like they do the custody and the matching and the settlement and everything, right.
Speaker B: Well they're supposed to be EDX, supposed to actually open their own clearing agent. They're not going to use apex or something like that. So like I. They're trying to go for that version vertically integrated play to be fair. It's just like the licensing is like, you know, you're not going to get all of them at once. You're going to have to do it incrementally. But, and that they have said they want to do that. So I will give them credit for that. It does seem like they're trying to.
Speaker C: That makes sense. All right, I think that. I think. I mean, we'll see what happens to EdX. I don't want to be too. I don't want to guess too much, because I think the thing just launched, so we'll see how things go.
Speaker B: I don't understand how you think you're going to make money with bitcoin cash listed. You know, like.
Speaker C: Yeah, ripping right now.
Speaker B: There's so many other things I would offer. I would offer, like Lido.
Speaker C: What can you offer? You cannot offer Lido. Are you serious?
Speaker B: No, no. Like, Steve. Not. Not Lido. The token.
Speaker C: Okay. Okay. I mean, if Busd is a security, according to the SEC, would not ste also be a security?
Speaker B: You got to take chances and risk. Bitcoin cash is not a risk.
Speaker C: I mean, look, I don't agree, but I really think that. I mean, this is kind of it. The only other thing you can add is doge, right? And then maybe stable coins.
Speaker B: Sure. That doge even seems more favorable. Like, this is just such a boomer exchange. They didn't even, like, try to attract anything that younger buyers would ever want.
Speaker C: I mean, look, this basically, minus XRP, this used to be the coinbase lineup before 20.
Speaker B: I'm happy we all took a time machine backwards in time, pretended nothing happened. Like, great.
Speaker C: Look, litecoin, I just tweeted about this yesterday. Litecoin still does more volume than Solana or polygon or almost anything that people actually use. The litecoin is still litecoin.
Speaker B: Litecoin. Bitcoin cash is the one where I'm like, what?
Speaker C: Cash is a bit of a mystery, but, yeah, cool. Last story I want to get to and to ruin this one, especially for you. So last week, there was a big kerfuffle in Defi around Aave. Aave, of course, biggest on chain lending market. There is a token called CRV, which is a token of curve protocol. And the founder of Curve, Michael Igorov, he had a big, outstanding loan. He had borrowed 60 million plus of stablecoins against 288 million crv, which is worth about $180 million. So he had 60 million borrowed against $180 million of collateral. Now, the problem with this, I mean, it's a pretty healthy loan, all things equal. The problem with this is that there's only 850 million CRV in existence, and about 300 of that 850 million was locked into this loan. Meaning that if this loan were to be liquidated for whatever reason, if the curve price were to collapse, there is absolutely no way that any of this stuff could get liquidated for anywhere near what the market price would be just because of how it's almost like a third, or maybe more than a third of all of the outstanding CRV was locked into Aave in this single loan. So Gauntlet, which is Tarun's company, which, I don't know. Tarun, maybe you want to explain what happened from here.
Speaker B: Yeah. So, basically, we spent a lot of time monitoring these protocols and seeing how much margin should they allow for a particular asset and what the interest rates should be and stuff like that, based on a bunch of different sort of math factors, and how the markets are behaving off chain, how the markets are behaving on chain, how much liquidity is in certain protocols, how much of the liquidity is locked in certain protocols, and.
Speaker C: Whether mercury is, in retrospect.
Speaker E: No astrology.
Speaker B: No astrology. No astrology. The only thing that's in common between what we do in astrology is the numb, as a prefix of numerology as a substance.
Speaker C: Does chain link not report the status of mercury anymore on chain? You can't pull that in.
Speaker B: I'm sure that you can write it right now. I'm sure that exists somewhere. Okay, great. So, basically, one of the interesting things about ave v two is it doesn't really have supply caps, so the new versions do. And so, because theres no supply cap, especially for assets that were some of the earliest ones listed, they kind of aggregate supply over a while. And Igarov, in a lot of ways, outside of being in the press for his new houses, also is probably one of the biggest, most active borrowers in all of Defi, in every protocol, any single lending protocol that exists, you will find his addresses, no matter what he king made some very random, tiny fixed rate lender in response to this aave thing, actually, the other day. So, long story short, curve is one of the assets that aave grew a lot on. And so the community is actually extremely fond of this asset. It sort of has sentimental value to them, because during Defi, is there, there's sentimental value about not removing it, is my point. It's kind of a badass. Have you can go through the governance proposals of many people, including us, being like, we should stop allowing borrowing, remove it, do all this stuff. The aave community actually has a lot of voices, and a lot of them got rich off curve, and so they have this sort of like, we could never get rid of curve. There's a little bit of that tendency you can sometimes see in people. Okay, long story short, there was this point where curve liquidity was basically non existent. So even though igroff's positions net health factor. So health factor is like how much collateral you have divided by how much you're borrowing. And so the higher it is, the better, because it sort of says if you default on your loan, at least your collateral is worth at least significantly more, and you're over collateralized. And most things in Defi are over collateralized. Most things that are real, that don't blow up. NAFTA, that caveat after Luna. And so I think as people were freaking out about this, one thing we did, which is we put up this proposal that failed, but it had the exact intended effect, which is the proposal was to restrict borrowing and basically force the user to adjust their position or take a loss. And in the process, just the act of the proposal being up led to Igorov de risking his position, and then telling the block that he de risked his position because he saw the proposal. So defi governance, I think, is very different than other DAo governance in crypto, because it's very focused on these types of quite precise events. But anyway, the main thing is curve liquidity wasn't there. So even though the collateral factor looked good, if it had to be liquidated and you sold all that curve, you would cause the price to go down so much that the loan would spiral.
Speaker C: Was there an estimate of if the position was liquidated, what would it actually be worth?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think in some of the forum posts, we put our simulation estimates and then the realized estimates over time. But I think it was around $0.40 was $0.42 was the worst of $0.42.
Speaker C: But this thing was more than two x over collateralized. So it would have been, it wasn't.
Speaker B: Two x, it was 1.55. And also, Igarov, you know, very interesting person, but I would say he's probably one of the smartest users in Defi. If you track his addresses, he's constantly rebalancing his portfolio to stay at this particular health factor. And I feel like he just has a script that's doing. He's just like, it's always in this one bandaid. But clearly hes rebalancing without taking it in liquidity into account, which is why people are freaking out. And so the interesting thing is, putting a proposal that can make it hard for him to adjust his position suddenly makes him de lever, and then the market moved the other way. So it was an interesting kind of case study of governance in that sense. In the sense.
Speaker C: So the Gallup proposal was to freeze the position, not allow him to freeze.
Speaker B: His position, freeze the market.
Speaker C: So the market can no longer grow, it can only contract.
Speaker B: Yes, exactly, exactly, exactly. And so by doing that, you make it hard to do these rebalances that he was doing a lot of. And so then he was like, okay, I should lower my risk in curve terms. And if you followed on chain stuff, he was like withdrawing a bunch of fracs and a bunch of stake deep and different assets and using that as collateral. And those are much more. Well, not the fracs part, but because the fracs was for fracs lines. But the stake deep part is a much more reliable piece of collateral. So at that health factor, if you had liquidated a bunch of staked eth, it would have been fine. Theres tons of liquidity for it, ironically incurv.
Speaker D: But he also, I mean, repaid a little bit of the loan, right? Like a few mil, I think he said in discord, he, like, was liquid enough to repay the whole loan if he needed to, which is, I guess, kind of a flex.
Speaker B: But he did just buy these like $40 million houses in Australia, so. And, and the memes were all about how Aave is going to be a real world asset exchange because it's secretly collateralized by igorov's mansions and stuff like that.
Speaker C: Wow, that is fascinating. The really interesting thing to me is, why do you think the Aave community rejected the proposal?
Speaker B: Well, because there's a philosophical thing against freezing, and especially for curve, I think there have been a couple of times that we've done freeze proposals that have worked. Whereas the market was around the USDC deep. We sent a bunch of freezes on avalanche because avalanche had native USDC, and the native versus synthetic USDC pools were completely out of whack and it was impossible to liquidate a bunch of them. And so the community then was very open to that. But again, there's something interesting about the flavor of community driven finance. Wherever there is sentimental attachment to certain assets, or sentimental apathy, or even antipathy in the sense of people not putting tether anywhere in defi, that's an unspoken rule, almost a weird lore, astrological law, let's say. But my point is, there's a lot of this stuff and really understanding the needs of these communities. And this happens at normal lenders, too, for the record. Like in the real world, where they're like, let's say I'm a commercial real estate lender, and commercial real estate is in the dumpster right now. Yet it's kind of hard for me to start doing loans in something I don't know because my underwriting process doesn't work or I'm kind of not. So sometimes you see similar types of behavior where people have some attachment. It's just funny in this case more, because 90% of the revenue from this is coming from this one person who is also the creator of the token.
Speaker C: Right, right. It's interesting because you could look at this and say, kind of in the way you're describing of like, look, this is why direct democracy for something that's as technocratic as an on chain lending protocol is kind of weird because people are going to make these emotional decisions about, oh, no, CRV, I made all my money. Like, it's very nostalgic. So let's not liquidate. Despite the fact that it's literally one dude borrowing, like, you know, basically buying houses with his CRV position.
Speaker B: Oh, the best part is the loan is almost like it's close to the sum of the property value.
Speaker C: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker B: That was like, the best part. He, like, bought a bunch of houses. And if you add those up, the loan was only a tiny amount of margin.
Speaker C: Yeah, the other side of it. Now, if you take the other side of that, you steal, man. Why is it that these people rejected this, the steel man of it? Is that, okay, maybe the collective intelligence of Aave is that, look, Ave is not playing a one shot game. The way that gauntlet might be modeling this as a one shot game of like, okay, the risk of default is this, blah, blah, blah. But when you have a great borrower who's been borrowing with you for a long time, and a bunch of other protocols are going to take a signal from how you treat that borrower, when that borrower is taking a lot of excessive risk, is that, look, you can say, cut you off. Look, you're out. You're out of bounds of the. Of the loan contract. Get the fuck out. And, you know, we're not doing business anymore. Or you can say, like, look, I understand where things are going. You're having a tough time, like, I'm going to extend you a little bit of extra work.
Speaker B: All I have to say is, people in the beginning were not like that, right? They were once the position actually started.
Speaker C: Like, maybe we can give them credit that that's what was going on through the collective intelligence of the Aave governance community.
Speaker B: I will. I will say it didn't quite start that way. It started with the, like, panic freeze now, and the most important thing from our perspective was like, hey, actually, if this just works as a thing to get the user to change their behavior, then it kind of already did. You don't even need that to freeze the market. Right?
Speaker C: Yeah. Very fair. Very fair.
Speaker B: In old school bitcoin academic lend, there's a thing for this called a feather fork. And feather forking is this idea of like, a group of miners, like a big mining pool, telling everyone that they're going to reject a particular fork. And if there's a sufficient size, the probability that other people will try to continue on that fork, they measure their ev and it goes to zero. Provided the pool size is large enough, but it doesn't need to be 50%. It's actually less. And so this idea of like, hey, the feather fork, the minority can scare the users into the fork. It sort of had this. It reminded me of that and that I thought that was kind of funny.
Speaker C: It's a little bit like sending a strongly worded email, you know, where it's like, it's not quite the same thing as putting someone in default, but it's sort of like, hey, we noticed that your position is.
Speaker E: A little aware.
Speaker C: Exactly, exactly. It's a little bit like a three arrows default. Right. Where like, you don't actually put them in default, but you're just sort of like, hey, yo. Hey, that stuff works.
Speaker B: But, you know, 3 hours clearly has seemingly come back from the dead, according to the Internet. Speaking of them, I mean, they had.
Speaker E: A New York Times puff piece, you.
Speaker B: Know, but now they have a new fund.
Speaker C: Did anyone know any details about it? I just saw Twitter hullabaloo, but I don't know actually what anything about this fund.
Speaker E: Three AC ventures. It's new. Not three AC, it's three aC ventures.
Speaker C: That's right, that's right. Which is the part of their book that obviously did the best, is all the stuff that they do.
Speaker B: I feel like I would change the logo to the right, like three AC, and then add a d in parentheses next to the. And a V. There is so much.
Speaker C: They can do to make it to be like, to take the humor in stride about three AC coming back from the dead. But it seems like they were just very kind of.
Speaker B: I would instead think that they should make something called three AC adventures, where they take everyone on tourism tours through all the fancy, exotic locations there.
Speaker C: The best way to see Bali is adventures.
Speaker E: Yeah, I mean.
Speaker C: It sounds pretty good. What was the fruit that they talked about? There's like, you just got to eat strawberries or something. What was it I missed? I don't remember. In the New York Times.
Speaker D: Or there was fatty pork belly, but I don't know.
Speaker C: Yeah, that was one of the things they talked about. That's one of the things they talked about. Anyway. All right. I think we're up on time, but we'll be back next week. Hopefully. Hopefully things are turning around for our good old pals in the crypto industry. Until then, thanks, everybody.
