Speaker A: Hey unchained listeners, as you know, its hard keeping up with the fast paced world of crypto, so weve got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. youll get the latest crypto news in original articles from our reporters, as well as summaries of other happenings in bullet points. Plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. Its still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot.
Speaker B: Not a dividend, its a tale of Tuqwan.
Speaker C: Now your losses are on someone elses balance sheet.
Speaker B: Generally speaking, airdrops are kind of pointless anyways.
Speaker C: I manage trading firms who are very involved.
Speaker B: Pollock EtH is the ultimate defi protocols.
Speaker D: Are the antidote to this problem.
Speaker C: All right, hello everybody. Welcome to the chopping block. Every couple of weeks, the four of us get together and give the industry insiders perspective on the crypto topics of the day. So quick intros. First up, we've got Robert, the crypto connoisseur and captain of compound. Next, we have Tarun, the Giga brain and Grand Poobah at Gauntlet. Joining us today, we've got Laura, the CEO of the show. And you've got myself, Haseeb. I'm the head hype man at Dragonfly. The four of us, well, other than Laura, we're early stage investors in crypto. But I want to caveat that nothing we say here is investment advice, legal advice, or even life advice. Okay, so the FTX story is the gift that keeps giving. Unfortunately, we cannot stop talking about it. We really wanted to. We were so looking forward to this story just slowing down, and people were speculating that it was going to be months until Sam was charged. It's very common in investigations of this kind of, this sweepingness that they take a long time before any charges are filed because everybody's got to get their case in order before they actually file charges. This has been incredibly fast. So basically, yesterday it was finally announced that Sam was arrested in the Bahamas. And we had actually, I believe it was Monday night that he was arrested. And then file charges were unsealed, first by the southern district attorney of New York for wire fraud and a bunch of other stuff, campaign financing laws and a bunch of other stuff that they charged him with, as well as complaints, civil suits from the CFTC and the SEC. The southern district attorney of New York didn't give a whole lot of details. That was pretty sparse. But the CFTC complaint and the SEC complaint have an enormous amount of detail that I want to just quickly skim through for people who didn't actually themselves read the releases. The first thing I'm cobbling together from both the SEC complaint and the CFTC complaint, which both go through a full storyline of what happened with FTX and Alameda. So first is the claim that FTX was knowingly commingling funds with Alameda from the very beginning, in May 2019, when it was originally founded. And from the very beginning, Alameda had an effectively unlimited credit line from FTX. At one point in the programming, they explicitly set a flag in the codebase called allow negative, which basically allowed Alameda to go negative and prevented them from being margin called in the liquidation engine whatsoever. Alameda also had preferred API access to FTX. They didn't have to wait in the usual order queue with everybody else. And because their account didn't enforce certain checks in the liquidation engine, they had lower latency compared to any other trader. There was a special fast lane for Alameda to trade relative to anybody else. So apparently, when Alameda had an $8 billion hole in the summer after Luna exploded, their liabilities were moved from Alameda, which at the time, customer service within FTX could see this is the Alameda account. After that summer, the liabilities were moved into a separate account, which they called their korean friend. And presumably this was to obfuscate, even from customer service at FTX, that this was an underwater account that belonged to Alameda research. Sam claimed in many of his public statements that users were wiring money directly to Alameda because FTX didn't have a bank account. But FTX opened that bank account in 2020, but users kept wiring money to Elemeta, and those funds were never moved over into FTX. One of the most fascinating things, actually, was that there was a blog post that Sam wrote. This was detailed in the CFTC complaint, if you want to read it. It's actually really interesting. He wrote a blog post and prepped a tweet storm about winding down Alameda in September of 2022. And this is clearly after Elementor was already very deeply in the hole. And they had a blog post title, which was, we came, we saw, we researched, announcing that Alameda was shutting down and unwinding and that it just didn't make sense after Alameda lost so much money for them to keep Alameda going now, it seems to imply, at least even this fact that they were thinking about winding down Alameda seems to imply this idea that they thought that this was even possible to unwind Alameda without basically destroying FTX, given the fact that Alameda held customer funds, that, of course, there was no way realistically to recoup them. But perhaps at that time, he thought that there could be a way to liquidate the books of Alameda, all the serum, all the FTT, all the lox tokens that they had at something resembling par. So we got a lot of details here, and I'll talk a little bit more about his arrest in a little bit. But just going through the, the CFTC complaint, the SEC complaint, and what you saw from the southern district attorney of New York. Curious if you guys have thoughts, reflections on everything that we learned just from what came out over the last 48 hours.
Speaker B: I mean, the interesting thing is almost everyone who's been in crypto since 2019 has always heard the rumor of some point. It wasn't even really a rumor. There was some timing data you could see of certain trades where it was, like, clear someone else was getting liquidation preference. But there was always the rumors of, like, hey, Almeda always had this, like, extra low latency thing. I think the question of them having this unbounded account was never. That was actually something no one ever said. Everyone was like, oh, well, you know, if they're allowing cross margining, they have to be extremely aggressive on liquidations, including to themselves, because they were the first exchange to offer cross margining, which is like, I can put up bat and ZRX and Sol and use that as my margin asset instead of putting up stable coins or BTC. Right. So Bitmex only let you do BTC binance at that time. I don't remember. I think they do do cross merging now, but I don't think they did then. And so that was their shtick of, like, they were the first ones, like, whatever. They supposedly had better risk management. They'd always brag about it. That's why I like listening to the Saab story tour of Sam of the last couple weeks. Like, oh, like, I was just bad at risk management. Well, you were telling everyone in the world publicly the exact opposite for years. You think people are going to suddenly, like, just be like, poof, that didn't happen? No way. I think, like, it's interesting that, like, crypto people who are traders, like, knew half of the story, but, like, never could figure out the other half, which I think that was kind of the impressive part of it. Right? It's like, everyone, like, I mean, if I ask both you, Robert, and Haseeb, you guys have both heard that, right? Like, the Alameda people?
Speaker C: Yeah. To be clear, people always speculated that Alameda had some special.
Speaker B: Not even speculated. People had some pretty good data of, like, latencies of timing. Like, when they have, like, transactions they sent and stuff. Like, there was, like, quite good evidence of it. Like, it was clear they weren't even really hiding it that much. No one thought they had unbounded accounts, though. That's.
Speaker C: Yeah. And to be clear, I doubt that even really came into play for a long time. I mean, Alameda, especially last year, had the ability to borrow whatever money they were borrowing, de facto, on FTX. And so I think there was nowhere to really even see what the consequences would be until Alameda blew out, as they did when FTX ultimately imploded.
Speaker D: Well, I think the idea of an unbounded account that can have negative value and negative value in the billions of dollars is so outrageous that nobody would even create a rumor of that, whereas everybody in, like, their guts sort of would always suspect that, like, Alameda might get their orders to the exchange a little bit faster, because that's, like, an advantage you would expect to exist on an exchange that, you know, doesn't have a wall separating the entities that are owned by the same owner. But, like, nobody would have expected or guessed something so outrageous as, oh, this one account has been given extremely beneficial, unique permissions such that it can violate the laws of financial physics whenever it feels like.
Speaker B: Well, it's also crazy that most of the company saw, like, Newton's equations of financial physics, like, looking normal. There was no negative accounts. Everything was fine. And then there was this multiverse that you hopped into that was, I guess, the Gary and Sam show that had the crazy, huge negative balances. The crazy thing to me, though, is there's no way Sam did this alone, based on all of the allegations. And the real question to me is, who else? And when will they kind of, will it be on earth that they conspired? Cause I think even this polykyle conspiracy thing, this seems a little too big for just the eight people.
Speaker C: Well, so there was, I think, a Reuter story. Yeah, there was a Reuter story that broke that Reuters got the code base, or FTX, and they found the code commit. I think that Gary. I think Gary wrote.
Speaker B: Nishad had a comment, but I just can't believe it's just two people who did it. And also rewrote all of the front end interfaces to, like, hide this from every single. Like, it does seem like there's certainly.
Speaker C: Other people who have to have. Yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. For sure.
Speaker A: At least in that meeting from, like, right after everything collapsed, Caroline, or at least the reporting from that meeting, said that what she said the meeting was that only four people knew, and it was Sam, Gary, Nishad, and herself. Do you find that credible, or do you think it has to be more beyond those four?
Speaker C: I think it's possible. I agree that it's possible. I think it depends on, like, all the things you had to know at the same time to have a clear picture. So in the way the code base was written, it didn't say Alameda specifically is not allowed to get liquidated. It's the PMM, which is the primary market maker. The primary market maker could change, except.
Speaker D: The new account that was just discussed through the leak of the code base, which was our korean friends account, they made up an account for a mysterious korean whale, so given the same special privileges as Alameda, to hide billions of dollars of losses of alamedas. But instead of tagging it the PMM or tagging it Alameda, they just called it like, oh, it's a korean whale.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's like, there's a no liquidate flag on the korean whale.
Speaker B: Engineering wise, it's just really hard for me to imagine all of the systems that this touched that had to have been rewritten to, like, there must have been some set of engineers who had run into some qaing bugs when they ran things against prod where they, like, found that there was, like, this thing, and they're like, oh, that must be just a bug. And, like, it's just, like, hard for me to imagine conceptually, like, given how they made so many other mistakes that they could have, like, perfectly hidden it in the entire engineering work.
Speaker A: Like, so I, like, I recently did a show with Jesse Powell and Kevin Zhou. And Kevin was saying that, um, Sam was often bragging about how few engineers he had, um, something like a team of 30 or something like that. I don't. I don't know. Like, when he said that, so it could have been that, you know, later on he had more. But do you guys remember anything like that? And, like, maybe that was part of the reason, is, you know, they were trying to hide it from as many people as possible or, like. Or limit the number of people that might figure it out.
Speaker D: Well, part of the mystique of FTX for years was it wasn't 30 used to go around bragging that there was four engineers, right. And that they were like. And like, everyone's like, how can you run an exchange with four engineers? It just seemed super human.
Speaker B: That was the pitch deck. I think the pitch deck was literally like, we only, like, Coinbase has thousands of engineers. We only need four, right?
Speaker D: And then later they were like, you know, oh, we have 30 engineers. And everyone still was like, you've 30 and Coinbase has, like, 4000. Like, this doesn't compute. But they were running a lean ship. And I actually think that it was possible in that structure for Sam and a small group of his lieutenants to actually deceive the rest of the employees or the engineers. Like, I actually don't think it's that hard to. Especially now that the information broke about how Nishad coded this korean whale account for one or two people, just to, like, with probably a few lines of code difference, just say, oh, korean whale can't get liquidated. And then when someone asks, they're like, internally, when they run the query and the analytics, it's like, how come this account is so different? Sam or whoever. Oh, that's a korean whale. We just treat them extra well because they have $8 billion on our exchange.
Speaker C: Yeah. So if there's some VVIP account, it's like, okay, well, that only goes through the key lieutenants. Normal customer service doesn't touch those accounts. I think it's pretty easy to imagine.
Speaker B: I kind of can buy it. I just feel like there's so many ways you could slip that up and, like, make mistakes in a code base. It just feels, like, too perfect. Like, I feel like someone else.
Speaker C: I mean, if they only have, like, 40 engineers.
Speaker D: Tyrone, you've been, you know, convinced by Sam's apology tour that, like, everyone's an idiot. And they're all like, so, like, okay, okay, fair, right? Like, the apology tour getting.
Speaker B: I think there's more co conspirators because of this. Like, I. That's more. My claim is, like, I actually think there's probably more people who have known for a while then just.
Speaker D: These are. Yeah, these are evil masterminds, and they're not idiots. And they didn't make all of these, like, like, oops, I made a boo boo. Like, we somehow lost $10 billion. It's like, no, they, like, specifically wrote code to hide $10 billion of losses.
Speaker A: Like, yeah, I mean, I think the main thing that I keep wondering about is, like, first of all, what was even the motivation? And, like, because this appears to have really started so early on. Like, there wasn't even much of an attempt to create a legitimate exchange. And so. And then. But then on top of that, to, like, make yourself so public, to be, you know, like, hobnobbing with the lawmakers and to be on Capitol Hill all the time and to have these partnerships and, you know, sponsorships with, like, Tom Brady and Naomi Osaka and Giselle. Punch it. I mean, this is, like, you know, Larry David, the Super bowl, it's just, like, so risky, like, beyond even just a normal. There's something, like, kind of deranged about taking that level of risk to do that kind of fraud, but then also be that public. Like you would. You know, it was like. It's just like you would just imagine that if someone's really doing something bad, they're not going to try to call attention to themselves. Or at least that's how I think the vast majority of people think, right?
Speaker D: Well, I think it's the opposite. I mean, he was essentially one of history's greatest con men, and I'm using that in the traditional definition of a con man in that his whole scheme ran on confidence that FTX was powerful and, like, worth, like, a lot of money and doing everything and having built a great business, that Alameda was an incredible trading firm. Like, his whole, like, game was to inspire confidence in himself, Alameda and FTX. And part of that is being as public as possible and, like, spinning as good of a yarn as possible, because that was part of the con.
Speaker A: I guess what I'm saying is that, like, so many crypto exchange owners are extremely wealthy, so he didn't need to do all that, and that is so risky. And now he's most likely going to be in prison kind of on the order of, you know, somewhere around the rest of his life. So do you know? Do you know what I'm saying? It's like, the calculus is so odd. It's like you can kind of get in the ballpark by doing it legitimately. So why would you risk the other thing that's going to lock you away forever?
Speaker B: I think the linear wealth thing comes into play here, right? Like, literally, each time. Each time he had to double down on this, right? Alameda took a double size loss. You need to double the customer funds. What's the only way to get it? You got to spend a lot on marketing, because at the end of the day, they had no real organic volume. Most of the time, people used FTX was like, it was some coin binance, didn't list because they were slow, or it was like you wanted a margin with some shitcoin that every other exchange wouldn't let you post this collateral. So it's like they had this, like, built in adverse selection in the beginning, and they were able to front run all those people. But there's only so much you can do, and if you have even bigger losses to cover, you need to get new fish. And how do you get new fish? You get Tom Brady to tell them.
Speaker C: They're like, yeah, okay, so, okay, hold on, hold on, hold on. So take a step back. Take a step back. When we first started talking about this story, right, we were talking about this idea that, like, Sam had this, like, vast empire that he decided to gamble on for seemingly just like, a crazy reason to try to save a market maker. And now we're getting an increasingly crisp picture. That's not a good reading of what actually happened here. What actually happened here is that the whole thing from the very beginning was bullshit. And every step of the way, he was lying to people, he was lying to investors, he was lying to customers, he was lying to counterparties about the state of all of this, about his involvement in Alameda, about Alameda's position on the exchange, about their ability to go ahead of other customers, their ability to get liquidated, treated as any other market, all that stuff, it was all fraudulent. And so the one, I think, trying to frame this in terms of a calculus of, okay, he was doing this in order to get that. It seems very clear from the beginning that if he was actually thinking lucidly about any of this, it was very clear eventually this was all going to hit a wall. He stated publicly previously, I think on a previous show we said that, or at least I said, I think at some point that Alameda probably made billions last year, we learned they didn't make billions last year. They made, I think Sam says something like, in total, I believe he said somewhere, they made. Between FTX and Alameda, they made a total of 1.5 billion, which means that Alameda made a billion dollars last year.
Speaker A: I think Forbes reported that Alameda lost money.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think John Ray also reported that they had net lost money. Like, when the post bankruptcy filing.
Speaker C: Yeah, after the bankruptcy file. Yeah, obviously after the bankruptcy.
Speaker B: No, no, no. Last year they also lost money.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker D: I believe someone said they filed, like, a tax return showing, like, billions of dollars losses.
Speaker C: How is that possible?
Speaker A: Yeah. My old colleague at Forbes, Jeff, I'm just pulling up his article. I'll skim this while you guys talk, but I'm pretty sure, yeah, they lost money last year as well.
Speaker C: How could they have lost money last year? It was like December was, like, pretty.
Speaker A: Close to all time highs as far as I recall. I skimmed this article. Im pretty sure it said it was 2020. Let me just keep going.
Speaker C: Okay, thats fascinating. Anyway. Okay, well, regardless, clearly the story now of Sam is getting completely reformulated as more and more facts are coming to light that, in fact, he was never very competent. This whole thing, this whole idea that, like, wow, he did this. I mean, Tohru and Im kind of pushing back on you this whole idea that, like, oh, Sam did this effective altruist calculus to, like, bet this thing to win this thing. It seems like, actually, the better reading is that Sam was just a fucking psycho and that there was no way that any of this was going to eventually work. He was just getting deeper and deeper into a hole of lies that eventually that was going to spit him out one way or another.
Speaker B: Zero interest rate phenomenon where you could keep doubling and hope to get more cash at the end of the day.
Speaker D: We did inflation kill SPF. Are you saying that really we can trace this all the way back to higher interest rates?
Speaker C: Unbelievable.
Speaker D: Collapse of FTX.
Speaker C: It was Biden. It was Biden in the.
Speaker B: Wait, wait, wait, wait. Can we, can we, can we. Since we're on the conspiratorial bent, I think I want to start indulging some of the conspiracy theories right now. Yeah, let's do it. Which are, who do you think the cooperating witnesses are in this trial? Because there's no way they pull this off so fast without a copper. So everyone got to be Caroline. Caroline. But I'm wondering if Trabuco, who is. You know, I could imagine he's actually secretly.
Speaker C: But why would Trabuco cooperate? Like, he's not anywhere near the epicenter? I mean, he might just for that.
Speaker B: Letter that, like, hey, maybe we should shut down Alameda research. Notice that happened, like, a few weeks after Trabuco left, and probably that they're very closely timed together. I think he probably knows a lot more about skeletons than the closet that other people might not. And if I were the government, I would definitely try to go get him this thing because, you know.
Speaker C: But I mean, Trabuco. I mean, look, fair enough, but Trabuco was not pictured as being in the inner circle, right? He was a traitor. And from the perspective of probably caused.
Speaker B: All the losses, though, maybe, right?
Speaker C: But that's not illegal. Yeah, but that's not illegal.
Speaker B: So he knew that there was some bracket going on to cover those, right? Like, I feel like, sure.
Speaker C: But, yeah, as far as I understand, Trabuco didn't have ownership in FTX. He wasn't one of the core team. He was a trader. He was, you know, at Alameda from the beginning, and he kept, you know, there's nothing illegal with making bad trades, even if it's with someone else's money. Now, if he knew that, you know, this money was illegally being funneled from FTX. But I think in principle, like, FTX making a giant loan, I doubt Sam was like, hey, Trabuco, these are customer funds. Please treat them carefully.
Speaker B: I think, I think, though, if you're trying to pin this idea that, you know, Sam's been trying to be like, oh, like, I was not involved with Alameda whatsoever. Trabuco can be extremely valuable there to basically say, actually, no, he was really still the CEO, basically, even though he's, like, claiming he didn't know anything. And, like, I think that's actually going to be extremely valuable for, for this case. Like, proving that he actually.
Speaker C: For sure.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Yeah. So wait, before we keep going with the conspiracy theories, let's go back to, you know, how much money Alameda lost. And so I was pulled up the wrong article, but now I found, found it. So the entity's 2021 tax returns collectively showed a net operating loss carryover of $3.7 billion. And so this is from something filed in the Delaware district court, which is where the bankruptcy is happening. And it said that means SPF's businesses, which primarily consist of Alameda and FTX, had posted a net loss of $3.7 billion since their inception.
Speaker C: Since their inception. Didn't even have that much to lose. How can you lose that much since.
Speaker D: Inception if it's since inception? They never raised $3.7 billion. They raised a lot of money, but they didn't raise $3.7 billion. It meant that fundamentally, they lost money that didn't belong to them.
Speaker C: Oh, no. This math doesn't make sense. This must be like, they acquired things that had tax losses that they were then able to carry.
Speaker D: There's no way they acquired anything with billions of dollars of, like, tax loss carry forward.
Speaker C: Just look at their, look at their balance sheet, right? They had ftt, they had srm, they had sol, they had all this stuff. How could they have lost that much money?
Speaker B: They were marking everything to market. So, like, there is some weird fudge fudgy thing that could be going on here where, like, it really, they're marking things that they claim they lost a billion on, which were marked incorrectly to whatever.
Speaker D: But if you have an asset, let's call it. Let's call it FTT or serum or maps or any of these things, if your starting cost basis is zero, and then it goes up to be worth $5 billion and then goes down to be worth $2 billion. Right. I don't think you have, like, a cumulative loss of $3 billion. Yeah.
Speaker C: You can't have a cumulative loss. Yeah, exactly.
Speaker B: That's fair.
Speaker D: They made up all this, right?
Speaker C: It has to. No, it has to be acquired. Like, if you just look at their June 30 balance sheet, right. There's enough on there to show that clearly they had a bunch of stuff last year.
Speaker B: They only acquired Ren as far as, like, they had, like, two or three other, like, aqua hire acquisition in 2020.
Speaker C: Well, okay. Either way, look, I don't think we'll be able to get to the bottom of the accounting on a podcast.
Speaker A: Actually, let me just read the last bit on this, or the meat of the article. It says, the leading theories on why Alameda lost so much range from big bets gone wrong to having God awful accounting records. Those theories might explain why Alameda lost money in 2022 when crypto was crashing. But its losses through 2021 remain a big mystery. From an accounting perspective, it's unclear whether they were realized or whether they represent a snapshot of his businesses and their asset values at that point in time, says Steve Rosenthal, a tax lawyer and senior fellow at the Urban Brookings tax policy center. Then it says, if Bankman freed was using a mark to market approach to accounting, then it would represent paper losses at that point in time, which would still be stunning. Yeah.
Speaker B: How could you have had that loss when, like, you're at all time high, like, market?
Speaker C: I don't believe these numbers. They don't make sense. They don't pass small test.
Speaker A: No, but it's the tax. It's the tax return.
Speaker C: So, I mean, there might be other things in there that are explaining that. Like them acquiring some tax losses.
Speaker D: Yeah. If SBF lied not just on those tax returns, but in many other places.
Speaker B: Yeah, sure.
Speaker C: It feels like there's something else happening. There's something else happening. I don't think it's that simple.
Speaker B: Someone on YouTube has one of the best comments, unfortunately. Don't tom here. Otherwise. You could highlight it, but it was Quickbook license cost $3.7 billion. So one of the other. One of the other news items of the week was that it turned out they did all their accounting in Quickbooks, which notoriously doesn't support any, like, crypto or even, like, mildly advanced equities accounting. So maybe that's the source of their, in fact, this quickbooks thing. Actually, by the way, a tiny aside, I'd actually talked to some, like, people who worked at endowments, and they were, like, the way that funds invest in FTX might actually be liable to LP's who could sue them is that this quickbooks and excel things suggest that, like, they didn't even ask for, like, real accounting statements. And, like, people could actually go after some of the investors for, like, as a fiduciary, not even checking this. So.
Speaker C: Wait, but what they kept for their own internal books versus what they were given as financial. Audited financial statements? Like, I don't think. I don't think they, like, the investors would have gotten the audited financials from that shitty accounting firm even if they were doing their own internal books. With Quickbooks, like, the auditors need independent.
Speaker B: Verification, but you should also be checking how. What software and control mechanism they have for how they keep their own books before they send to an auditor. That's a form of liability of, like, a fiduciary should be checking that. So there were some interesting. There were some interesting claims from people who are LP's that, like, there are, like, rooms for room for more lawsuits from some of these things that keep coming out.
Speaker A: Yeah, but this goes back to my earlier comment about how just the more details that come out, the more I'm like, whoa, this is like a scam. Like, right from the very beginning, and then this goes to. To that thing about how he loved to get people to invest by having that spreadsheet where, like, the earlier, the. You know, it's just like a race to the bottom kind of situation where. Or he's creating it where it's like, the earlier that you are, the cheaper your terms and all that. And, like, you know, people are just like, oh, he loved, loved, loved this way of fundraising, and then that just is a way of being like, don't do your due diligence. Just get in right now, you know? And for anybody who actually took the time to, like, make sure that everything was on the up and up, they would be punished by having bad terms. So, you know, it's like, all those things. It's like, you know, Alex Pack talked about it. I think it was on my show, or I don't remember where. Anyway, sorry. That he, you know, was he. That's one of the reasons that ultimately he didn't invest. It was just like this weird, you know, situation where he could feel that anytime he was trying to do his job, he was getting this pushback. So anyway, so, yeah, just every time I'm learning more and more about all.
Speaker B: This, I'm just like, whoa, there was tons of stuff. Also, though, historically you could have found, I mean, Haseeb's partner at Dragonfly is the other person mentioned in Alix's story who was like, also just like, I had all this kind of, like, they both got different, like, accounting stories and like, oh, like we're spending all this money on like, this type of trade, but then it's actually funding the exchange being built, stuff like that.
Speaker C: Yeah, Sam very clearly thought VC's were idiots. And to be fair, maybe he was right, because the VC two invested in. Sam definitely was right, but he had just a tremendous disdain for the entire VC process. Then you can also see it from the way that he ran FTX Ventures, is that he thought VC was super easy. And you just fire up your guns and you start shooting in the direction of things that look interesting. And as a result, they have this ridiculous web of investments of just random stuff. They have no idea about anything. The FTX ventures diligence is some of the most ridiculous diligence I had ever seen. And so I think it carried all the way through.
Speaker D: When you're using stolen money to make venture investments, you have a very different attitude than when you have a fiduciary duty to people that you've raised money from, that you're generating returns. If it's stolen customer money, yeah, you're going to be, like, shooting it everywhere.
Speaker B: Well, even. Forget about even the venture investment. And, you know, I love, I take any chance I can on this show to take a pot shot at EA back at anthropic.
Speaker C: Okay, go for it.
Speaker B: No, no, no. Back at the FTX Future Fund, there was a Forbes article about how the FTX Future fund was also just trying to spray money at people. Like, people who didn't even apply for a grant. It's supposed to be a nonprofit grant that's supposed to give, like, McCaskill's supposed to, like, have some thesis of, like, why they're investing in some particular thing. They literally just sent people money who didn't even want it, and people sent the money back and, like, they, like, basically kept sending them money. If you read this article, it's unreal. Basically, FTX Future fund was like, how do we ship, give out money as fast as possible. And it's like, wait, there's supposed to be a nonprofit, like, vetting these organizations because they're effective. And it's like, if you want something that, like, is the biggest egg on McCaskill's face, it should be this. Like, that is just embarrassing for anyone for that entire ideology that you did that.
Speaker D: Ineffective altruism.
Speaker B: Ineffective, not data driven.
Speaker A: Well, I guess one other thing that's so confusing to me, and maybe it shouldn't be, maybe the effective altruism thing was just a front as well. But if his goal really was to make a lot, to give it away, then again, you would have expected he'd actually literally try to make the money rather than just take it, because it really almost feels like it was more of a campaign just to, like, burnish his image. Because, you know, when you read this whole thing about it's the sports sponsorships and the political donations and, you know, and then, like, the supposed, like, philanthropic things are. Yeah. Like, really bizarre, weird, not impactful things, like the anthropic thing or. You know what? I. So it's just like, I just don't understand. Like, the more that I'm kind of looking into it, the more I'm just like, what was the point of doing this? Like, you're risking all this stuff for what exactly? Like, if he was actually doing something, like, buying, you know, a gazillion. What are those? Malaria bed nets. Like, okay, then kind of, maybe. But how many.
Speaker B: How many mosquito nets do you buy with a Tom Brady sponsorship? I see a lot. I could.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. You could, like, probably eradicate malaria with that.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: You know? Yeah.
Speaker D: So that's why you can actually house at least 50 houseless FTX engineers in the bombs.
Speaker A: Right? Exactly.
Speaker C: Homelessness.
Speaker A: Exactly. The 50 houseless FTX engineers. So. So. But. But I just. This is why, like, psychologically, I'm just like, what was in his brain? Like, that is so confusing to me, because just any other person, like, if you. If you were. So let's say that we were all at, like, some party and we were drunk or something, and one of us was like, oh, you guys, like, I have this idea for how to, you know, kind of just swindle people or whatever, and you. You spun up some idea of, like, what Sam actually did. Like, everybody would. Would be like, you would be found out so fast, you will end up in prison for the rest of your life. It's not worth it. Like, do you know what I'm saying? And so that's why I'm just like, how did he think this was a good idea?
Speaker D: Well, here's my read on this, is that he thought he was going to get away with it first and foremost, because I think everyone who's caught in this web of lies and digs deeper and deeper and deeper thinks that if they just lie a little bit more and steal a little bit more, eventually they'll make it all back.
Speaker A: But that's what I'm saying. How did he think he was going to get away with losing $8 billion of money? It's just weird to me.
Speaker D: If you're betting bigger and you keep on doubling the size of your debts.
Speaker C: You just need one of them. It's.
Speaker D: I mean, Bernie Madoff, it was ultimately.
Speaker B: A martingale between Trabuco's tweets and Sam's tweets about betting bigger all the time. I mean, they did tell you what they were doing.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's true. It's true. And look, implicitly, if FTX was a levered long exchange, which why the hell is an exchange levered in any direction? But if FTX is levered long exchange, that means that if prices went up, they would have been the clear, they would have been solvent again. And so that's. I mean, it was the same thing the three arrows was doing at the end of the day, which is that they were levered long, and if prices went in the right direction, they would have been.
Speaker A: Okay, wait, are you serious? But, like, they don't. They don't. They still don't fundamentally have. Wait, okay, but wait. This only makes sense if you can, like, somehow double the number of units that you have, because the lie, like, what you owe your customers is also going to go up at the same time. Like, so let's say that I put.
Speaker C: Funds and then put it into Solana and SRM and. And all the shit that they were buoying in the markets, right? They were buying all these Sam coins, and so the same coins had to go up, right?
Speaker A: But the amount that they owe customers also goes up in dollar terms because.
Speaker C: Like, well, a lot of the liabilities were in dollars, right? A lot of. A lot of people just had dollars, something like bitcoin.
Speaker A: Liabilities were in, like, bitcoin and ether and whatever. They're not in dollars, but the $8.
Speaker D: Billion that was wired to Alameda's bank accounts in order to deposit money on FTX, there's a very clear $8 billion there. Right?
Speaker A: But those people, when they wire the money, it's to buy you know, whatever. They're not, like, literally just, like, I'm going to purchase.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah. So from the beginning. From the beginning. Right. The assets that ended up on Alameda's balance sheet were dollars, and those dollars were supposed to be basically, you can think of it as Alameda owed $8 billion to FTX. Not 8 billion bitcoin, not 8 billion ether. If there was bitcoin or ether that ended up on FTX, it had to come from somewhere else.
Speaker A: Right. No, but what I'm saying is that, um. For cut. So you're saying that you think that Sam probably thought he could make it back and give customers their money. But what I'm saying.
Speaker C: Thought about it. But.
Speaker A: Okay, right. But I'm saying. So when a customer sends in money, the reason they're doing so is to buy, like, let's say, a bitcoin. So then they are owed a bitcoin. So if they buy a bitcoin when it's $10,000 and then bitcoin goes to $20,000, then they're going to be owed still a single bitcoin, but it will be worth more in dollars. Right. So that's why, like, you're saying, oh, the prices just need to go. No, no, no. Because then you still owe the, like, the liabilities in dollars also increases.
Speaker C: I understand the point that you're making, which is that, yes, the total value of all the assets goes up and the total value of all the liabilities go up.
Speaker A: Exactly.
Speaker C: But the assets and liabilities that were on Alameda's balance sheet, as far as we understand right now, were dollar denominated. They were not crypto denominated, as far as I know. And if, in fact, they were dollar denominated, then that means that the assets and the liabilities that FTX had were probably more of the crypto and more of the cash was with Alameda. That meant that the cash was not going up and down in terms of its value. That was on the FTX side. But they were giving so much of that cash to Alameda that FTX is ultimately the hole. So that means Alameda is. They are short dollars. They're not short crypto.
Speaker A: Right. But FTX is short crypto. And so when you keep saying that if the value of the crypto goes up, then they can pay the customers. I'm saying, no, no, no, no, because the liabilities of FTX also go up. Because if the prices of crypto are going up, then what FTX owes its customers also goes up. So you still can't do it that way.
Speaker B: Correct.
Speaker D: FTX, the exchange likely had liabilities to its customers. In bitcoin, there was literally no. When all was said and done and we peeled back the thing, there was no ether. There was no bitcoin left at FTX. And all the people thought they had balances of bitcoin ether. Right. FTX, the exchange was short crypto to its customers. Alameda was short dollars to FTX and use those dollars to buy stupid coins like FTT and SRM and maps and oxygen and all this stuff and make venture bets that were extremely illiquid. Right. Alameda was levered long on weird stuff. FTX was short on good stuff. And in a bull market, I don't know which one would win.
Speaker A: Well, definitely the good stuff, not the shit coins.
Speaker C: Well, it depends on the bull market, right. In the last bull market, it was the weird stuff that outperformed the good stuff.
Speaker A: Like doge and shib.
Speaker C: Yeah, well. But also sRM and solar, Solana and avalanche. All the same coins were pumping last.
Speaker D: Year because he was converting the customer's bitcoin into the coins. He liked fundamentals.
Speaker A: So then the only way that it could have worked would have been if they. If their shitcoin strategy had actually worked, but then also they would have had to sell at the top in dollars, but then also buy bitcoin and the other good coins that were also, then, at that point, at an all time high and still somehow make enough to send back to that. Like, that's so convoluted. You have to do three things correctly. Like, do you know what I'm saying? It's like, it's. That's really, really, really hard.
Speaker D: This is why it didn't work. This is why Sam's in a Bahama prison.
Speaker C: That's right. It didn't work. You are absolutely correct. You nailed it, Laura. This is why we should put you in charge of the next big exchange. I think you probably wouldn't make the same mistake. Hold on. I want to go back a little bit because we skipped one of the pieces of the story, which was Tarun alluded to. Okay, first things first. So Sam was arrested in the Bahamas. He was then arraigned, brought in front of a judge, and he asked for bail because he didn't want to hang out in a Mohammed jail while he was awaiting extradition. And potentially he signaled that he wanted to fight extradition and he didn't want to be extradited to the US. So he's lived in the Bahamas for the last two years, presumably. So the judge was not very excited about the idea of him getting bail. He offered to pay $250,000, which supposedly was more than his net worth. He's claimed that he only has 100,000 to his name, but somehow 250k bail is no big deal.
Speaker A: Has anybody done a search for hardware wallets? I'm a little bit like, can they search his premises for that? They must be able to.
Speaker B: But anyway, of course, at this point they can.
Speaker C: Well, he had billions of dollars in rescue money coming in.
Speaker D: I'm sure somebody seriously went missing in the middle of the night when they declared bankruptcy.
Speaker B: Where is Gary?
Speaker D: There's in aggregate, like ten plus billion dollars of stuff missing everywhere. Like, I'm pretty sure Sam has more than $100,000.
Speaker C: Right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: Sam didn't own a single bitcoin to his name. Like, come on.
Speaker B: Also, it is crazy that, like, they each issued so much so BTC, and it was a completely unbacked. They had no.
Speaker A: Wait, what's, what's so BTC?
Speaker B: So BTC was like a Solana wrapped bitcoin that was issued by FTX. And they like, had like, these bitcoin whales would send bitcoin there and then get so BTC and then go, like, take their SOTC and use it in defi and so on. Right, right. That, that last part just did that bitcoin didn't exist at the end. That was, like, wild to me. That, like, that basically they somehow had, like, completely run out of bitcoin.
Speaker A: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. So people wrapped their, their bitcoin for the Solana thing, but then actually there was no bitcoin that was being wrapped.
Speaker B: That somehow, by the end, FTX.
Speaker C: They sent their bitcoin to FTX. FTX wrapped it, kept it on the exchange as like a special account for the wrapped bitcoin. It's kind of like what coinless does with WBTC, right? Except it was FTX instead of coinless or. No. So it was bitco. Right. They just took. It was like with all the other bankruptcy assets.
Speaker B: They had no bitcoin when they went bankruptcy. In fact, I actually have this slight theory that of the $6 billion of withdrawals, bitcoiners were probably the most paranoid because they've lived through the most exchange failures. They were withdrawing the first. And so they had so much BTC that day that they basically had none. And then they couldn't do any of the solana withdrawals. And the solana token then lost its peg.
Speaker A: Oh, wow. Yeah. Actually, now that I think I did know that. I totally forgot about that.
Speaker C: Yeah. Okay, so rewinding a bit. Sam, uh, trying to. Trying to make bail. Uh, no dice. Uh, and so Sam is now in a jail in the Bahamas known as Fox Hill, which apparently is one of the worst jails in the world. Uh, it's. It's supposed. It's, like, rat infested with maggots. It's got horrible treatment. Apparently, your toilet is a bucket. It's a really terrible place. Where he is, uh, being held right now, um, basically awaiting extradition to the US. And supposedly, from what I've been reading, a lot of people think that he's gonna stop fighting extradition if he can't make bail. Because if he can't make bail, it's a lot better to be in american jail than to be in a Bahama jail.
Speaker A: No, he wasn't even granted bail. He wasn't granted bail.
Speaker D: Laura's correct. He wasn't granted Bailey.
Speaker A: Yeah, he wasn't.
Speaker B: But he's trying to stay to fight this extradition thing.
Speaker C: Right? Right, yes, extradition.
Speaker D: So there have been cases where extradition, court battles have taken up to seven years out of the Bahamas. If he, for whatever reason, was able to stomach life in Fox Hill, which, by the way, like, I think Sam is the greatest con artist of, like, all time. Like, he's horrible. Like, I still don't think any human being should, like, live in those conditions, even temporarily. Like, it's horrific. Like, unhumanitarian conditions. Like, I don't wish upon anyone, even though I wish hell for Sam if he can stomach that environment. Like, he could probably fight this for years. Um, just from, like, cursory research into, like, bahamian, like, extradition law. Like, there have been cases where it took seven years for them to extradite people. Unlike simple stuff. Like, if you keep on appealing it and going through, like, the british court system and, like, all this stuff, it's like. So he could stay there almost indefinitely.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: I don't see any world where he'd want to.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: Like, it's horrible conditions.
Speaker C: Yeah. You know, this is kind of. This is sort of a very weird aside, but though, after. After Sam. After all this stuff with FTX went down, like, I tried to message Sam to see if I could convince him to come on the show. He was not interested.
Speaker B: It's because we're not a Twitter space.
Speaker C: Clearly. He's been on, like, 20 the most random Twitter spaces, but he doesn't want.
Speaker A: To call on Twitter. It's not a random no name Twitter space.
Speaker C: But anyway, clearly. And so anyway, it doesn't matter. I don't message a lot of people on Facebook messenger. And so the few people who I do message, I messaged him on Facebook. He would, like, show up all the time. I could always see when he was online on Facebook, which is very weird because he was doing this apology tour and he's, like, one of the few people who are showing up at the top of my thing. And then yesterday, I was like, I didn't see him all day because I usually see, because he's online a lot. I didn't see him yesterday. And then I read that he's in jail, and I'm like, okay, I guess he probably doesn't have access to Facebook.
Speaker B: I think his. I've heard his Facebook is filled with posts of people being like, you robbed me. Which is, like, funny, just because it's like, it's like even his friends are going and posting, like, you know.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker A: So this is, like, funny that you just happen to mention his Facebook account because I can't remember where I heard this, but it must have been some interview he did or something. I don't know. And somebody must have asked him something like, you know, what's something that you don't wish you did all the time, or. I don't remember what the question was. All I remember is that he said that he finds himself scrolling through Facebook, like, all the time, like, a lot. Sort of, like, you know, compulsively. And then I was like, so just like, Facebook, like, you are. You are not a crypto person if you are scrolling through Facebook. All. I was just so confused by that. I was like, Facebook, like, what crypto person is, like, constantly scrolling Facebook? It was so, so weird.
Speaker B: I remember I had this call with him in 2020, I think it was like, right after comp farming launch. So it was, like, July 2020. And he was, like, calling me to be, like, asking me, what layer ones, some question, technical questions about layer ones. And I guess, like, I was the only person he knew to ask or something. And I remember he was, like, telling me all the reasons he loves Solana. And I was like, but, like, here are all these other problems. Like, the BFT might not work. You might have these liveness issues, like, blah, blah, blah, blah, right? And he was just, like, unable to understand any of these concerns that crypto people have about, like, what a blockchain is. I was like, oh, I see. Like, you literally are just, like, going to everyone and you're like, what's the block time. Okay, next. What's the block? Time. Okay. Like, you didn't even, like, care about any of the, like, safety conditions, like, how the wallet interactions work, like, any of that stuff. And this is not knock on Salana, right. Like, the team has in a lot of admirable ways, like, somehow patched it together to not totally fall over. But it was just, like, kind of funny that the savior of this thing doesn't even understand why anyone would use a blockchain. He was just like. He was just like, how can I make this thing less and less and less and less and less like a blockchain? And, like, that's all he wanted.
Speaker C: It's funny because I had a similar experience Sam. I remember after that initial when Dragonfly passed on the Sam seed round, super early on.
Speaker B: Well, you were the Alix Pac story also. That was dragonfly, right?
Speaker C: Yeah. Alex Pack was originally dragonfly, but I wasn't there yet. So that was before I joined. That was before I joined. And so, yeah, so Alix Pack and Bo passed on Sam's seed round. Sam got really pissed, and Sam basically was like, I'm never going to work with Dragonfly again. And he refused to invest, co invest into any rounds that Dragonfly was in. I didn't know that at the time, and I didn't know Sam very well. I sort of knew of him, but I never really spoken to him at any length except the first time I met him, which was years before he even got into crypto. And so I remember I reached out to Sam because I was like, hey, I heard that you are really mad at us, and I don't really know why. Look, I wasn't there. Let's talk. I just want to understand more about what you're doing because you're obviously building something really big. And so we got talking, and I remember we were chatting about Defi, and we were just trading notes on what things we like in Defi. And I was telling him, oh, yeah, Makerdao is great. I'm really excited about Makerdao. We invested in Makerdao and he fucking hated Makerdao. I was like, what's wrong with Maker? Makerdao, so great. How could you hate Makerdao? He's like, it's just so inefficient. Their collateral ratio is so high. It doesn't make any sense. Why would you waste all this capital? And he was just so anti maker. It was, like, very surprising to me. Very few people in crypto, there are a lot of things people don't like almost everybody likes maker, even if you have your issues with it.
Speaker B: By the way, I owe the maker folks, including Roon, a correction for something I said last time, which was the insolvency they had were completely not related to Gemini. And it just happened to. There was some GUSD. There's. It's a completely. It's completely safe. There's. That was me falling for Fud and not understanding. And I talked to Ruhn about it. I told him I would give on air.
Speaker C: Oh, there you go. Great correction. Yeah.
Speaker B: And since you brought up maker, I was like, great time.
Speaker C: Okay. Great time. Great time. Okay, so anyway, all right, we have a little bit more news to get through, because it has been kind of a crazy.
Speaker B: Wait, do we talk about the. Should we talk about the block?
Speaker C: We have to talk about the block.
Speaker D: One more example of SBF being evil.
Speaker C: Okay, so, all right. TLdr the block secretly got a financing where SBF basically gave a massive loan to the block. And that loan both financed the block itself as well as real estate for the former CEO of the block.
Speaker D: The loan was not to the block. The loan was to.
Speaker C: It was to him personally.
Speaker B: McCaffrey directly. Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: The loan was to Mike, who did basically, a private equity buyout of the block from its former team and owners, using SPF's money to personally own the entire. The block, which is, like. Which was hidden from all of the team members at the block. It was hidden from the people that he was buying it from, and it was hidden from the public. Right. It was SBF taking what was most likely customer money to buy out a media publication in the space.
Speaker B: Right, right. Which he then did, like, a bunch of those after. Right. Like. But it was, like, kind of. That was the first.
Speaker C: Yeah, he did it more explicitly. Yeah, he did the more explicitly.
Speaker B: I knew Mike quite well, and I actually had gotten drinks with him right around the time he did that. And it was like, some, like, hey, we'll celebrate the block doing private. And, like, I was like, where are you? Actually? Does the block make enough money for this happen? But I was just like, I don't really get how this is working out.
Speaker C: But, like, apparently the block made decent money. They said it was something like 30 million last year.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: So. So, like, is that just revenue or. That must be just revenue, not profit, right?
Speaker C: They have a ton of people.
Speaker B: They have, like, a hundred something people. And, like, I just was like. I tried to do the mental math in my head. I was like, I don't really see where this is coming from. But, like, all right, congratulations, I guess you've sold a lot of enterprise subscriptions. And so, like, I kind of was always a little bit like, oh, there's some. Something is a little fishy. And he kept going with Bahamas all the time. I was like, why are you going to Bahamas so much? And then it turned out he got this, like, other loan to get a apartment in the Bahamas, which was also, I guess, hidden from everyone's block. But, you know, I do believe Frank and Larry, that they, like, had absolutely no idea. And, like, I definitely, you know, support them in whatever endeavor they do next, because I really feel like. I feel like they just seem to have, like, gotten sucker punched, and I feel bad about that for them because they're some of the best journalists, I think, in this space.
Speaker C: Yeah, I agree. I mean, from my perspective. So, Laura, I'm curious to get your take as a journalist, but I'll say from my perspective, as just, like, a passive observer of all this, no dog in the fight whatsoever, it felt, okay, clearly, this Mike McCaffrey guy, I don't know him. I've never met him. Seems like he was a dick, and he did something he shouldn't have, and then he stepped down and he wasn't.
Speaker B: A dick, I will say. It's just that he got greedy.
Speaker C: Okay. Apparently he wasn't a dick. I don't know. But what he did was a dick move. And ultimately, the people who are at the block who do all the work, from my perspective, their work speaks for itself. Basically, the best coverage in the industry on a lot of subjects, including on SPF and including on FTX and this whole collapse. Very often, the first place I go to try to read the best take on what's going on is the block. And so I don't think in any way did any of this seem to seep into their coverage of anything. The thing that I guess I found a little too much about this story was that I think the block played it very well in everybody who was at the block, just openly gnashing their teeth and cursing the skies and saying, oh, my God, I can't believe this happened. As a way of, look, we really believe in journalistic integrity. And it's like, I know you guys. Look, I'm still going to read the block. I don't really care who got a loan from where it's good content. I'm not a journalist. So it doesn't hit as deep for me that, okay, the CEO financed this secretly from some guy.
Speaker A: It's like, okay, fine, yeah, but his c. But I don't know if you saw, like, there were a lot of tweets that then became immediately suspicious of them and were attacking them. And so, like, this is just a huge betrayal that Mike did on the journalist because, you know, when you're, when you have this kind of, you know, referee role, you're trying to be the neutral observer, report whatever the facts, like, just anything that either you reveal or someone reveals about you that, like, allows people to attack you in any way, that that's not helpful for your job. Right. So definitely to have, like, the CEO of your company completely undermine your ability to do your work in secret behind your back, that's, like, a total betrayal. So, like, I don't know if you thought their tweets were, like, performative or something, but, like, I'm sure they weren't. I'm sure they felt like.
Speaker C: No, I believe that they were feeling very, you know, very betrayed by the CEO. And so, like, them ousting the CEO, Theo fell in a sword. He left. He's gone. Now they're going to figure out how to recap the company. Great.
Speaker A: And to me, I'm like, okay, yeah, but so I. It's great that for you, you recognize that. Yeah. There wasn't any malfeasance on their part. But like I said, if you looked at the replies in the tweets and stuff, like, a lot of people started attacking them, you know, like, oh, back in the day, you know, reported blah, blah, blah, and you didn't say da da da. And, I mean, you know, that's exactly what Mike set them up for. And, you know, they didn't sign up for that. And it wasn't, it had nothing to do with them. He did this on his own. So that's why they were so upset and why it's such a betrayal, and frankly, why I felt absolutely terrible for them. And just, you know, I really, actually think it's, like, a really, really bad thing that happened, and it's going to be something that will probably dog them for a little while, just because, like, you know, whatever, there are certain people. Speaking of conspiracy theories, by the way, I just want to address that. You know, before SPF's arrest, like, so many of the conspiracy theorists were like, oh, because he made so many political donations, he's not going to pay at all. He'll never be arrested. He's just going to keep going on living in the Bahamas, whatever. And I was like, wait, do you guys know what he just did? And I kind of was like, if anything, the fact that he kind of made all these people look bad, it's going to mean that it's going to be much worse for him. But there were so many conspiracy theories. I saw like that, and I was just like, you either don't know how this works, or you don't understand how bad it is, what he did, or you don't understand how people that have egg on their face because this guy basically cozied up to them, but was perpetrating this fraud. You don't understand that this is actually going to make it way worse for him, and he is going to end up in the slammer no matter what. Anyway, I just need to call out that those conspiracy theorists were super wrong, which I knew from the start. And I just thought it was even weird that they could entertain the idea that he would not pay for any of this.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker D: For sure.
Speaker B: I just think it's like, if I were in their shoes, I would just try to, like, make a new company.
Speaker A: And, like, wait, their.
Speaker C: Their shoes, dude, the block has so much brand value. Why would you make a new company?
Speaker B: No, no, no, no. You can keep. You know, I feel like they. The people are still there. Like, hostile takeover, like, type of cause, like, it would kind of suck to have to work there and, like, you know, you're stuck in this situation.
Speaker C: I think this will blow over. I think this will blow over.
Speaker A: No, no, no. I saw that they tweeted something like, they're trying to buy the block from Mike, or it's, like, going to be. I forget. It was something like. Like that they're coming together in some way to try to take ownership.
Speaker C: Yeah. There's some syndicate or something that they were informed. Yeah.
Speaker D: Great.
Speaker C: If it happens, the blocked out. Okay, well, speaking of CZ. Speaking of Cz. Okay. Okay. We should. We should cover this before we wrap the show. So, speaking of conspiracy theories. So we've learned fairly recently that it was reported, I think, by. Was it by Reuters or was it by Wall Street Journal that the DOJ is contemplating bringing charges against binance. And so we've known that there was a DOJ investigation into binance. Reuters. Thank you. We know that there was a DOJ investigation into binance for quite a while. It's been going on for years, and apparently they've collected enough evidence to be able to bring charges. But there's a debate internally within the DOJ whether it's wise to bring charges at this time or whether it makes more sense to sit on the case. Or to try to settle and just have them pay a fine or something like that, instead of trying to do this big dog and pony show. Given how much damage has been going on in the industry lately, I thought.
Speaker A: That it was that half the team thought they had enough evidence and half the team thought they didn't have enough evidence. Wasn't that it?
Speaker C: I think it was particularly around concerns around, like, just damaging the industry unnecessarily around these charges. Right.
Speaker A: So the question is, like, it's weird to me.
Speaker C: How blockbuster are these charges?
Speaker D: I don't think the DOJ cares about damaging.
Speaker A: Yeah, they don't care.
Speaker D: No, I was correct when I read the article, and I don't know who leaked this or why or, you know, whatever, but when I read it, it was something along the lines of internally they're split on whether or not I. They have a case. I'm sure someone sympathetic to CZ probably leaked that.
Speaker B: I actually think one thing that's funny is, like, why are all these leaks happening? Like, in the last month? I feel like, is it just me, or does it feel like there's just been, like, a insane torrent of leaks since, like, November? Like, it's just because of FTX?
Speaker A: Well, no, no, no.
Speaker B: But even, even leading into that, I feel like there was starting to be a lot more rumors and, like, then it just, like, cascaded. But, like, I mean, it's.
Speaker D: Yeah, this whole year, I mean, it started even at, like, the Supreme Court, you know, Roe v. Wade leak. I mean, like, yesterday there was the CPI print, which was a major event, which got leaked early, and people were trading on it. Like, I feel like the us government's control over information is becoming fragile and cracking, and there's more and more leaks coming from different branches of government. You have in the past, that is.
Speaker B: The hottest take this show has ever had. That's a very large scale take. It is interesting, though. Yeah, I kind of, I don't remember, like, obviously, like, the problem is that you're, you know, you're not quantifying this perfectly when you. And you could maybe go retroactively do it. But there's this quality of feeling that, like, yeah, the leak, leaking rate just seems to be, like, growing a lot.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: From judicial, the executive, and the legislative. You know, it's like, there's leaks, like, coming from everywhere.
Speaker C: Like, it's.
Speaker D: It's sad and weird.
Speaker A: But one thing that I did want to talk about was how we were all, like, why would DOJ care about doing something that would damage the crypto and like, I, when I read that in the wordheart's article, I was like, wait, like what? Like, is that what people in the DOJ are thinking about? Because that doesn't make any sense to me. I don't know if the person got the facts wrong there or what, but I just was like, I don't think they're thinking about that. In fact, I feel quite certain they're not thinking about that. To my mind, it would be either, like, they think they have enough evidence, or other people are like, no, no, no, we don't quite have a strong case to make. That would be. That's what I would guess, yeah.
Speaker C: So I misread the article. What it says here is that among binance's arguments, a criminal prosecution would wreak havoc on a crypto market. Already a prolonged downturn. The discussion included potential plea deals, according to three of the sources. And at the very end of the article, it says Binance has hired a former chief of mlrs who engaged in discussions with the Justice Department. Day met with justice officials in Washington in recent months. Three of the people said officials discussed with day a possible resolution to the case out of court whereby subjects would potentially plead guilty or pay a fine. Three sources said day did not comment.
Speaker B: Can I say one thing? That's kind of a funny comment, I felt when I read this story, which is, you know, normally when people talk about, like, the revolving door in government and, like, people going to finance or going to, like, tech from government jobs, it's, like, always viewed as, like, this, like, negatively connotative thing. In the binance case, the interesting thing is they've been advertising it as this, like, positive thing that they're like, that they're, like, taking advantage of the revolving door. And I think that's, like, a funny flip narrative wise, relative to, like, the normal one about the revolving door being, like, in their case, they're like, look, revolving door means that we're more legit.
Speaker A: Which is like, no, no, no. It's because the revolving door is bad for government, because then it makes government look less neutral and right.
Speaker B: But binance's marketing of this, like, CZ tweets is like the opposite.
Speaker A: No, but that's because they're taking the legitimacy of the government and now pulling it toward binance. So it's good for binance to be like, hey, we have these people that were in the government for like ten years, 15 years, whatever. Like, one of the top investigators for CSI at the IR's. Like, so it's good for them. So it's not a weird spin. It's like they want that the articles.
Speaker B: I mean, sorry, that like cover this, don't write it that way. Right. Whereas like when they do, when they, when like someone like say an SEC commissioner goes to Goldman, they'll be like, oh, the revolving door of government, like happening again. So I think that that's like a funny, funny thing that this article.
Speaker C: I think it's that the, I think it's that journalists are surprised to see that happening in crypto. It's newsworthy that that is also happening in crypto. It's like, oh, wow, crypto is like any other kind of weird financial industry. It's a sign that we're growing up a bit. But so because I think in one part accelerated by this leak from the DOJ contemplating bringing these charges against binance, but also from Binance's kind of bullshit proof of reserves where they sort of didn't do a very convincing job of showing their liabilities beyond just some nebulous amount of bitcoin that they show that they have assets against and the fact that they represented their proof of reserves as being an audit, which of course is no such thing because Binance has an enormous number of assets and liabilities outside of just bitcoin. But thats all that they actually produced. Its caused a lot of FUD around binance. People believing that perhaps binance is insolvent. And then that was exacerbated by one there being some delays in withdrawals of USDC on binance. Those were since ameliorated due to some, I think they had to move a bunch of USDC around. But we've seen all time high net outflows from binance. I think. I believe it was like yesterday there was like billions of dollars, that 9.
Speaker B: Billion, something like that at the peak.
Speaker C: Yeah, something like that.
Speaker B: Something like that.
Speaker C: Right, right. But to be clear, that's a very small portion of binance's total assets and liabilities. So there's still, I mean there's 60, 70 billion something like that in total. So it's a, it's a fraction of what they have. But this is probably the biggest case of outflows that we've seen from binance in a very, very, very long time. So the question that is now circulating is like, is binance the next FTX? I personally think that this is pretty questionable. I think binance is in a very, very different position than FTX. But that being said, the risk of the DOJ bringing charges against binance is a very different kind of risk than the risk you might worry of. Just a vanilla bank run. So, curious if you guys have a perspective on all the fear around binance right now.
Speaker A: I mean, I think most likely, I would guess that binance is not doing the kind of fraud that FTX is just because the idea that there would be two of those is, like, as crazy as.
Speaker C: You just have a hard time believing it.
Speaker A: As crazy as the whole FTX episode has been, I kind of. Yeah, maybe I shouldn't discount the, like, really wildly impossible, but everything so far has been so wildly impossible. Who knows? I guess it could be. But as long as we're still not like a full on clown world mode, I would imagine, you know, binance hasn't been using customer funds for some other purpose. So I would guess. Yeah, it'll.
Speaker B: Slight correction, I think the weekly outflow is around five places, so it's actually even less. It's less than what FTX had to do in that day where it was like six. And then they shut off.
Speaker A: Yeah. And Larry Cermak tweeted an image of the binance bitcoin reserves. And it's like, over time, this thing that goes up, or I guess since I'm doing it for the audience, I should do it this way. And then it shows, like, a very, very, very slight decrease recently, and it's this huge mountain of bitcoin they're on. So, you know, whereas obviously with FTX, you couldn't even find their cold wallet. So.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think the other thing is that in absolute terms, I think a lot of people are now conflating FTX with every exchange. And the reality is that FTX was pretty unique. FTX didn't make a lot of money, as we're now increasingly learning all the ways in which they didn't make a lot of money. The one thing that you can say about binance and that now people are, even in congressional hearings, people are saying about binance, is that binance is evil because they weren't doing all the crazy shit that FTX was doing of buying distressed companies. Binance has been, if anything, they've been impressively, financially prudent in not trying to catch any of these falling knives. They just keep the business running. And so, up till today, binance has been incredibly profitable, to the point where I would be very surprised if Binance were in anywhere near a similar position to FTX, much less, really, any other exchange in this industry. So now, that being said, that doesn't stop there being fraud doesn't stop there being violations of anti money laundering statutes, which is usually what the DOJ is focused on. But as for them not having the money, that seems pretty wild to me.
Speaker A: Like, unlikely, so.
Speaker C: Yeah, but Tarun was mentioning this in our chat, that that doesn't stop the Congress from pointing fingers at CZ and claiming that somehow the FTX collapse was CZ's fault. There was some. There was some testimony from Kevin O'Leary. Kevin O'Leary.
Speaker B: Let's say this for next week, because we got to properly slice and dice this.
Speaker C: Okay. We'll play back a clip next time.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay, great. Great. I didn't actually see it, so I don't know what happened.
Speaker A: Oh, my God, it's. And it's so crazy.
Speaker B: I was sad for humanity watching that.
Speaker A: Yeah, but it's weird to me that, like, Congress would invite somebody who was, like, an investor and then also this paid spokesperson for ft. Like, I just was like, oh, that needed to have.
Speaker C: Been like, Congress also does clickbait. Turns out, you know, they just need. They just need eyeballs.
Speaker A: No, but what's weird is, like, you would imagine for congressional testimony there, you would need to have a fact basis with what you say. You know, they're like, the notion that you can get up there and then.
Speaker B: Just say, didn't Sam testify in front of Congress?
Speaker A: Well, yeah, but I. So, yeah, okay, but he was doing. Yeah, so Kevin O'Leary. All I'm trying to say is, even after the facts have come out, Kevin O'Leary is saying things that are, like, just not true whatsoever, despite the fact that, like, all the facts have come out. So it's just very weird. And. But it's weird to me that, like, even with all the information, the facts coming out, that they would invite this person who is then just shark to Congress. Yeah. Like, he's just, like. Like, he's a paid spokesperson for FTX, and now he's spouting this weird conspiracy theory that has no basis in reality. So it's just like, okay, whatever.
Speaker D: I mean, the entire witness list at the Senate was designed to allow everybody to participate in grandstanding, like, across the board, whereas the House, the two witnesses that they had planned, were the people closest to the FTX drama, who would be most equipped to actually speak with authority on, like, what actually happened. The Senate hearing had people that were quite far removed from FTX who have no more information about it than you or I or anyone on Twitter. Fundamentally. Maybe Kevin has the most because he was a paid spokesperson, but no one else there had any access to any information whatsoever.
Speaker B: The idea of him having any information that is, isn't just like Reddit, the Witness List.
Speaker D: It was like, it's like calling a witness, you know, to a, I don't know, a murder Trial. That's somebody that wasn't at the scene of the crime.
Speaker A: Yeah, but, but it's like paid by the murderer to advocate on Jeff.
Speaker B: And with that, I feel like we put the final dagger in.
Speaker C: Okay, perfect. All right. Well, we're going to open the next show with some clips from Kevin O'Leary's testimony, and then we'll get the full treatment there. All right. We're at time, so we're going to go ahead and wrap for this week, but I'm sure there's going to be more juicy news next time. Thank you, everybody, for tuning in, and we'll see you all soon.
