Speaker A: That's what I'm saying. Like, I feel. I feel like maybe this is just a way to figure out how to run up bills so that then you can go, look, I got. I made you so much money.
Speaker B: I don't think it's like that. I think it's.
Speaker A: I like, I like that conspiracy, though.
Speaker B: I like that.
Speaker C: So the question is, what venture fund is going to hire Gensler? That's the, that's the big question.
Speaker A: Andreessen, they seem to hire all the regulators.
Speaker C: You think Andreessen is going to hire?
Speaker A: Well, I just mean, look at.
Speaker D: Look at hundred mil, solo GP fund. It's Gensler Ventures coming to you.
Speaker C: I think actually all of, all the big funds would probably band together and fund him just to get him to stay out of. Out of politics.
Speaker A: That's what I'm saying. This might be a genius boy on his part. And you're all not taking thinking deep enough.
Speaker B: No, not a dividend.
Speaker A: It's a tale of two Quan.
Speaker C: Now your losses are on someone else's balance sheet.
Speaker D: Generally speaking, airdrops are kind of pointless anyways.
Speaker C: Unnamed trading firms who are very involved.
Speaker A: Pollock eth is the ultimate pun.
Speaker B: Defi protocols are the antidote to this problem.
Speaker C: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the chopping block. Every couple of weeks, the four of us get together and give the industry insiders perspective on the crypto topics of the day. So quick intros. First, you got Tom, the Defi maven and master of memes.
Speaker D: Hi, everyone.
Speaker C: Next we've got Robert the cryptocono sewer and tsar of superstate.
Speaker B: Howdy.
Speaker C: Next, we've got Tarun the giga brain and grand poo bah at Gauntlet.
Speaker A: Yo.
Speaker C: And finally, I'm haseeb the head hype man at Dragonfly. We are early stage investors in crypto, but I want to caveat that nothing we say here is investment advice, legal advice, or even life advice. Please see chopping blocks at XYZ for more disclosures. So it has been another very eventful week. Tarun and I were just in Dubai for token 2049, which was basically like an end of the world situation going on over there. I don't know if anybody followed what was happening on Twitter, but there were insane storms that beset Dubai or just generally around that area in UAE and some of the neighboring countries. Most people flew in early part of that week, and then Tuesday, which is actually the same day that I flew in, a crazy storm flooded Dubai. It was, I think, two years worth of rain. In about 24 hours, all the streets got flooded a bunch of people who were actually on my flight. So I had a driver that was waiting for me when I arrived because I was worried about what was going to happen with the floods. I was supposed to go to Abu Dhabi after I landed was a couple hours. I was like, you know what? Nevermind, I'm just going to go to my hotel. Like, this kind of seems really dicey. People who were on my same flight who were just behind me, they had to wait multiple hours to get a taxi and to get like, it took me 15 minutes to get to my hotel. It took the people who were on my same flight, I was texting with them during the day. It took them 6 hours to get from the airport to the hotel, same hotel that I was staying at. And they were like, you know, they're fjording through like, flooded tunnels and like, you know, cars were floating through. Insane. It was, it was total fucking apocalypse stuff. It was crazy. Tarun, you had an ordeal when you were getting in, right?
Speaker A: Yeah. So I, like, you saw the weather and was like, I'm going to reserve a car. And then instead, because I was like, this city, I bet you if it rains too much, like Uber drivers all crash everywhere. It's like Texas and the snowstorm. And so it turned out there were other people who made the same decision as me. And unfortunately, we landed later than you, so we didn't get our cars. So the car company, car service company, rented a bus. And this bus took about like five or 6 hours to drive. It would normally take like 20 or 30 minutes. But the best part about it was I spent my bus journey sitting next to one Anthony Scaramucci. And it was a very funny ride because we get almost all the way from the airport to where all these hotels are. And everyone's excited. Finally it's done. Mister Scaramucci does not feel that way. He gets off at the first stop and he says, I'm going to get a cab back to the airport after we've fjorded through tunnels, as you put it, so that I can leave right now. And it was like, wow. But all I got to say is, he was very nice. I was like, you know, I was like, first of all, I was just not expecting.
Speaker C: What? Wait, how did it get a flight out like the airplane?
Speaker A: I have no clue what happened after he left the bus. That's, that's beyond above my pay grade. But I will say that was very funny that, you know, after already conquering the thing, he wanted to uturn.
Speaker C: That's, that's nuts.
Speaker D: That's what you. That's what you, like. You want a contrarian fund manager, you know?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Well, he's also very good at exiting. Right? That's his thing. Trump campaign markets, FTX. He's good at getting out and moving on to the next thing. So you got to respect that.
Speaker A: Well, it's also funny to me, he's, like, coming to conferences and, like, still, you know, still hustling, doing that type of stuff. Still hustling.
Speaker C: Yeah. I was surprised. So. Okay, I will just one more note about, like, just the aftermath of all this. So a bunch of venues got flooded. So pretty much everything that was scheduled. So the main conference was to start on Thursday, but, like, Tuesday and Wednesday, everyone had all these other events and lunches and kind of pre conference side events. Everything got canceled. So many venues got flooded. A bunch of people who I knew who lived in Dubai, like, their houses got flooded. You know, water was seeping in through the windows. It was just total mayhem for everybody in the city. Even the hotel that I was staying in, which is a nice hotel, like, the ground floor of the hotel. I was on the third floor, ground floor got flooded. So those people had to, like, move rooms or just, like, live in a flooded hotel, I guess. Like, the ceiling was dripping. So if you were on the top floor, you were also getting issues with the rain. It was just. It was so insane. Like, I did not think that that was even possible in a city of this stature like Dubai. And then the next day, it took a little while for the streets to clear up, but basically, the city was bifurcated where certain parts of the city were still basically underwater, and certain parts of the city were traversable. So the part of the city that I was in, you could get around within that area, but anybody who was downtown, you were just like, I can't see you today. Maybe I'll go up there on Thursday or Friday when the streets clear up. And so, like, if you drove going through downtown or, like, going to downtown, there were just abandoned cars, like Rolls Royces and, like, you know. You know, lamborghinis that were just like, they just been abandoned because they were just floating. You know, they were just like, fuck.
Speaker A: It, I'm just leaving. I also think a hilarious thing is I was reading some articles about how Dubai is not, like, covering, like, no one gets real insurance there. And so a lot of those cars may not be covered in any way, shape, or form, so you might as well write them off as a complete loss.
Speaker B: Yeah, I don't think anyone is ensuring water damage in Dubai?
Speaker C: No, definitely not. Definitely not. And anybody who's a water insurer is out of business. So that's a game over for them because the amount of property damage in that city was absolutely nuts. And I'm sure there's gonna be, like, mold problems and stuff from all these buildings that have had.
Speaker A: I mean, I thought I. The government was like, oh, you don't talk about social media. But then they were like, we're building a 60 billion diram drainage system or something.
Speaker C: Well, they said specifically. So, I mean, uae, it's a kingdom, right? So it's not, you know, obviously they're kind of restrictive on what you can do there, but. So they immediately announced that it is illegal to tweet or put anything on social media, implying that the storms were caused by cloud seeding. So there was somebody who I heard of. I don't know if it's true, but I heard that there was, like, some tourist who basically was, like, on Instagram talking about, oh, it's because of cloud seeding. And they were thrown in jail. Normally they would deport you, but they can't. There are no flights, right? They can't deport you. So they just threw her in jail until, like, the plane started going again. Anyway, I don't know if this is true, but this is what I heard.
Speaker D: How was the conference?
Speaker C: How was the conference?
Speaker A: The conference that we've said nothing about the conference.
Speaker C: No. So I. I will say I was expecting that the conference itself, like, it was a stacked conference. I was really surprised. The number of heavy hitters who were attending this conference. It was like almost everybody was there besides, obviously, the two of you, because you're both lazy. But everybody else was there.
Speaker B: Well, we made the right call. We avoided.
Speaker C: It's funny because I was thinking about not going, and I remember I was actually, I was in our slack, talking about, like, oh, you know, I would delay my flights. Like, kind of seems dicey. There's like, all this weather shit. And then, you know, Iran and Israel are kind of fighting, and I. I don't want to be in the neighborhood because maybe the airspace is going to get closed. And everybody I spoke to, I was like, hey, I'm thinking I might cancel my flights and not go. And they were like, what? You're the only one who's not going to go. Everyone else is going. And I was like, oh, maybe I'm an idiot. Am I just paranoid? And it's classic VC move is that I asked everyone else what they're doing. And nobody else was canceling. And I was like, oh, I guess I should just go. And absolutely the wrong move. I should have just. I should have just fucking followed my gut and cancelled. Uh, and then that weekend, uh, Israel retaliated against Iran, which is exactly what I was worried about. Um, and I was lucky. My flight, uh, was a day after, uh, so. But if it was, my flight would have been canceled because the airspace got closed. So, um, but anyway, the conference itself was actually pretty good. Like, I was surprised how many people showed up and, like, still kind of, you know, I mean, everyone was there. You were kind of stuck.
Speaker A: So you can move. Hats off. Hats off to Alex, the organizer, and others, because, like, I don't know how they pulled that together, given all the flooding and stuff. And I feel like they, like, somehow, by the seat of their pants, somehow were able to pull it off, but, like, they worked their asses off to get it to even happen after Gilgamesh level flood.
Speaker C: So, yeah, it was kind of like, I was a little worried that it was gonna be, like, crypto fire festival, where just everything was kind of in shambles.
Speaker A: No, no, it was crypto burning.
Speaker C: Burning man.
Speaker B: Burning man is crypto burning man.
Speaker C: No bull market.
Speaker A: This was. This is more like. Yeah, fine middle eastern desert. Desert. Yeah. More authentic burning mandy.
Speaker C: Yeah. But UAE has its own flavor of degeneracy. Right. So there was this. There was a big fight, this thing called crypto fight night that I actually went to where Ansem, who I was on a panel with him talking about meme coins. Ansem fought some crypto influencer guy named Barney, who I never heard of, got his ass whooped in the ring. He ended up crashing the price of whiff, apparently. Like, the moment that he started getting hit. Like, he just had no. He had no ability. He did not train or something. I don't know. It was, like, kind of embarrassing to watch him in the ring because he was the headliner. And so I was, like, there. And I was like, oh, man, why? I don't know. This is very depressing to see all these crypto influencers just, like, beating each other up in a ring, and they're all not influencers.
Speaker A: This is a very Dubai thing, too.
Speaker C: Exactly, exactly. It's kind of your tigers that you keep in your little ranch over here, and then you've got, let's pay the crypto influencers to just beat each other up in a ring, and then we'll fly them out for that.
Speaker A: But my favorite thing was, it was sponsored by Bonk all of the boxing gloves had bonk.
Speaker C: Yes. I was like, what the fuck? How does bonk have this much of a marketing budget? I don't understand. I thought it was a bonkbot makes.
Speaker A: A lot of money, no?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Bonk is a revenue generating meme coin.
Speaker C: It is what? Bonkbot is the telegram bot. Right. That you can use to trade and charge. Yeah. I didn't realize that it was owned by bonk. The meme coin or team or something, I guess the foundation or something. I don't know. Yeah, I don't know if they have a buttoned up structure in that way.
Speaker A: New paradigm. New paradigm. Hasib. There are no foundations. I love you.
Speaker C: There are no foundations. Yeah, fair enough. Anyway, so, yeah, that's the recap on Dubai. I'm finally back in civilization. Very relieved to be out of there. Um, experience the. The interesting thing. So this was all happening right around the time of the bitcoin happening. So that is kind of the big story of this week. The bitcoin happening, for those who do not know, is every four years, bitcoin supply cuts in half. So when we talk about bitcoin being deflationary, not just supply. Supply issuance. Bitcoin supply issuance. Uh, the rate of issuance or the inflation rate of deflation.
Speaker A: I was about to say this is. This is a bad rebasing coin.
Speaker C: Sorry. Sorry. So, ever since Satoshi Nakamoto originally programmed bitcoin, there was basically a rule that roughly every four years, the issuance rate of bitcoin cuts in half, meaning the block reward that you get cuts in half every four years until the year like, 2100, something, at which point there is no more new bitcoin being minted. And so that's what we mean when we say that bitcoin is deflationary. Technically, it's disinflationary, meaning the inflation rate is going down every single year. That happening happens every four years on the dot. And this was the fourth happening. So it's been 16 years, basically, since bitcoin started, and therefore the inflation rate and the mining reward cut in half one more time. So this is widely anticipated because bitcoiners love to talk a lot about the havening as being a very bullish event for bitcoin. The theory of why the havening is bullish always been a little bit of a mystery to me. And I'm going to show my cards here that I'm a having nihilist. I don't think the having matters, but I. Bitcoiners will say that the havening is a very bullish event. They will draw all these charts and they'll show roughly a few months after. The havening is usually an all time high and something. I don't know. I don't totally follow the arguments, but the havening happened. I think it was Friday or Saturday, depending on what time zone you're in, that the havening took place.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: 424 20. Okay. 420 happening just as Satoshi wrote it up. The bitcoin price has not really done a ton. It seems to mostly have tracked macro. So, thoughts? Bitcoin happening? Was it real? Is it bullshit? Are we waiting three months for the bitcoin halving to happen? Is it priced in? Is it priced in? Or do you know? Do you have to. I don't know.
Speaker B: Okay, let me ask one technical question for anyone who knows the answer. Maybe none of us know the answer. Is it four years based on like a Unix time or in the actual bitcoin software? Or is it based on an expected number of blocks?
Speaker A: Based on expected blocks.
Speaker C: It's number of blocks.
Speaker A: Yeah, number of blocks. It's like the difficulty adjustment deals with the time delay and then the actual blocks.
Speaker B: So it's not every four years.
Speaker C: So to be clear, it's close every four years. On average. Every four years.
Speaker A: Approximately.
Speaker C: With pretty high certainty. Right. Because like over that long a period of time, it's just going to average out of. To basically be.
Speaker B: But approximately.
Speaker C: Okay, approximately. Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay. So I mean, are we having.
Speaker A: Are we having accuracy versus precision? No, not on this. Not on the show.
Speaker B: We'll save that debate for offline. All right, so my initial take is like the very like, you know, midwit take on the habiting, which is all things equal, it's both good and bad. Right? So the security budget of bitcoin gets cut in half. In that if the price of bitcoin stays the same for an extended period of time, then there's really like less incentive to secure the network. But on the other side, there's half as many coins being minted per day which are being sold. And from a technical perspective, there's fundamentally less of a gravity on the price of bitcoin. Because miners are in the business of selling. They are good at electrical engineering and they make bitcoin. In order for them to actually achieve a profit, they have to sell the bitcoin or hedge it in some way that sells the bitcoin. Less block reward, less selling. And so selling has gone down due to miners mining bitcoin. It's a drop in the ocean compared to the total market for bitcoin. And like how many people want to buy or sell on a given day? But like directionally there is less gravity to the price. And so I think it's generally like a good thing.
Speaker C: So are you a halving realist or are you a halving nihilist?
Speaker B: I'm a realist. I actually do think there is an impact to it.
Speaker C: You think it wasn't priced in?
Speaker B: Oh, I definitely think it was priced in. Given that.
Speaker C: That's what I mean when I say a realist. Do you think it's priced in or nothing?
Speaker B: I think it's priced at. I think it is good for the price of bitcoin. I think it's priced in like the near term. Like, you know, how far can people.
Speaker C: Do you think it was priced in like a week before the halvening? A month for the halving? A year before the happening?
Speaker B: Two weeks.
Speaker C: Okay, do you think two weeks before the happening it got priced in, but three weeks for the happening was not priced in?
Speaker B: Well, it's a grading, it's a gradient, it's not a binary thing.
Speaker C: It was gradually getting priced in two weeks before, but then, like, it. Yeah, most. Okay, tarun, what's your take?
Speaker A: The reason I'm taking the other side is actually because there was this very big launch of a standard called runes on bitcoin, which led to the largest ever transaction fee block. I think it was almost 40 BTC in transaction fees, which is much higher than the subsidy, which is what got cut in half. I think it wasn't priced in because no one knew how much demand there would be for runes right around the happening. Now that's a very tongue in cheek answer because that's kind of nothing to do with the happening. But the idea that the bitcoin transaction fees were higher than the block reward multiple for like a non trivial percentage of blocks post happening is more a sign that the security budget thing in the sense that the happening is a religious event for bitcoin maximalists. And people have found ways to add new things around each religious event to increase the net fees around that time. Then maybe that will be a counterbalancing force. But it's sort of more random than the happening itself, so hence it becomes harder to price it.
Speaker C: Yeah. Okay, we'll talk about runes in a second. But runes is only about a day of crazy transaction volume.
Speaker A: But my point is, now that people know that there's this, doing a launch on happening Day is like the best time to do something on chain. I think this is not an undone. This won't, this won't go backwards. Instead, we're going to get all sorts of weird stuff happening, and it becomes too hard to predict.
Speaker B: We'll see in four years. I mean, if you're going to, it's.
Speaker C: Kind of like, okay, there's like, Black Friday is like one day a year that, you know, a bunch of people go shopping, but that's not, you know, that's not enough to offset what's happening on the. To have an excitement.
Speaker A: I was just trying to find the closest to rational. It's not priced in thing I could.
Speaker D: I think the only, like, it's like the most obviously predictable supply shock ever. And I think to Robert's point too, we're talking really a minuscule amount of bitcoin that's being produced these days compared to exchange volumes, compared to ETF inflows, things like that. Um, really, I think the reason why, you know, you could argue that it's bullish is because it just creates a news event for bitcoin. Um, every single bitcoiner is on network television, on mainstream press, talking about the happening, getting it back in the news cycle. And short of that, there isn't, there aren't really that many opportunities to talk about bitcoin unless, you know, the ETF is launching or uh, you know, something else is, is happening. But usually you're talking about the price. And so I think that is really the story is, it's just reflexive and it's an opportunity to talk about bitcoin, which itself is maybe bullish for the price of bitcoin.
Speaker C: Right? But everyone knows that people are going to be on tv talking about the happening, right? So it's not even like that.
Speaker B: Most people.
Speaker C: Not something that you could price in.
Speaker B: Most people don't follow this in our.
Speaker C: Crypto, but the people who are buying. Right? But the question is, who is setting the price for bitcoin, right? Who is the person who's the marginal buyer of the marginal, which is ultimately the person who sets the price?
Speaker B: Well, one, it's global, right? It's not like, I don't think of it in terms of like, who's watching, like, us business television.
Speaker A: Like, it's globally, the happening is event covered worldwide.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: So it sounds like then you're saying that it's not priced in because people who are buying bitcoin aren't paying that much attention. And it's only nerds like us who even know that the happening is happening. So it sounds like, Robert, you are implying the happening is not priced in.
Speaker B: I think it's mostly priced in. Let's go with mostly.
Speaker C: That contradicts what you just said. You just said that, look, it's only us who are paying attention. Most people are nothing, therefore it's not priced in. So what do you think? Do you think it's priced in or not?
Speaker B: I don't think of these things as binary. There's not like a thing like everything about priced in like in financial markets is a gradient, right? So like some people like expect it, some people don't. It doesn't go from zero to one, like for any prediction market, right? There's a gradient. And so like my personal view is probably around like two weeks. Most of the flow for people who actually like, are involved in bitcoin have like figured out that the happening is happening, right? When it happens, yeah, there's absolutely incremental people learning about it for the first time in four years or the first time in general. I don't know how many of them are running out being like, oh, this is the reason I'm gonna buy bitcoin now is cuz like of this.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think of it kind of like a brand awareness campaign where everybody knows that coke exists and yet they still buy massive billboards and they sponsor a bunch of stuff. And it's like why it puts the idea out there and kind of incepts you. And I think, I'm sure there are marginal buyers of bitcoin who see people on Bloomberg talking about bitcoin. And maybe they're like, yeah, maybe I'll put 1% into bitcoin. And this is kind of what we see. I don't know if you saw some of the holders from the bitcoin ETF and were revealed this week. And it's kind of random, it's a lot of random wealth managers from all around the world who are putting small allocations of their assets into bitcoin. And I'm sure maybe it's not those people, maybe to some of those people, maybe it's retail investors, but it's a brand awareness campaign. And I think that alone is maybe good.
Speaker C: Okay, so if you analogize it to a brand awareness campaign and say, oh, it's kind of like Coca Cola buying ads, you know, Coca Cola is going to buy ads, but still they can like affect the amount of people buying Coca Cola. But Coca Cola buying ads, they can do a bad job with ads this year, right? They just have some ads that are kind of like whatever or they could do, like, the polar bear and everyone feels warm and fuzzy and they're like, oh, I want to go out and drink some coke. So, like, they can underperform or overperform relative to the fact that, yes, they're going to do brand awareness, but sometimes it sucks and sometimes it's awesome. And I guess it feels like the same thing must be true of the having is that sometimes the having marketing, brand awareness, people on tv talking about it, it hits and it's like, wow, actually more people are going to buy bitcoin than we thought. We're going to buy bitcoin because they're having. But it can underperform. And it seems like maybe, but then.
Speaker A: It'S not priced in.
Speaker C: There's a baseline of price in, but you can kind of do a better job than the median or a worse job than the median of what the market is expecting to happen with a having.
Speaker A: By this logic, meme coins are brand awareness for Solana, I think meme coins.
Speaker C: Are brand awareness for.
Speaker B: They are.
Speaker A: No, for Solana, I mean, like, the number of people I talk to are like, oh, yeah, you work in that crypto stuff, right? I downloaded phantom. That has been something I have encountered more in the last few months than anything I've ever encountered where people knew about crypto. It cuts across demographics and age groups much more.
Speaker C: Okay, so, all right, I think we've betrayed a little bit our cards here on Priceton or not priced in. One of the things that Tarun was alluding to was this new phenomenon called runes. So runes created by Casey Rod Armour, who is the originator of ordinals and inscriptions on bitcoin. So he created this new standard, basically trying to create a better version of what was previously known as BRC 20, which is basically a way to try to create an equivalent of an ERC 20 token on bitcoin. BRC twenties, however, were super inefficient. They were very expensive. They were kind of a really stupid way to implement a fungible token on top of bitcoin. Casey created this much more efficient, a standard that's much more aligned with the Utxo model that's used on bitcoin already. And so there were a bunch of rules that were implemented around rune. It was going to kick off. You could basically mint the first runes by taking a ticker. The ticker. There's certain rules around the tickers have to be a certain number of letters long, and there are only certain characters you can use. And so people could mint those tickers. For a new rune. I think it's called a rune, starting with the having. The first block of the having. And that's why there was this crazy, effectively an auction that took place in the first bitcoin block post having of people trying to find the best tickers and mint these new runes and all this stuff. So that drove a crazy amount of fees on bitcoin for about 24 hours. Since then, the activity has really died down. I was looking through the runes explorer and it looks like a ton of them didn't really get minted out. Uh, it seems like most of them actually are not fully minted. Um, and uh, I don't know, this kind of seems like a bit underwhelming. So there was $80 million in fees on bitcoin on day one. And those fees have basically gone down to pretty close to baseline now, uh, a few days later. So thoughts on runes? I've seen a lot of chatter about it online, but it seems like people have mostly stopped talking about it today.
Speaker B: I have not interacted with runes, so I will excuse myself from this part of the conversation.
Speaker C: Yeah, very bearish for runes. Very bearish runes. If if Robert doesn't, doesn't ape into it. That's very bearish. Why didn't. Okay, let me ask why. Why did you not decide to buy some runes?
Speaker B: I'm not that active in the bitcoin ecosystem, that's why.
Speaker C: Yeah, not your boss. Did you do any BRC twenties or ordinals or anything?
Speaker B: No, not really. I've done like a tiny, tiny, tiny bit of ordinal stuff, but.
Speaker C: Okay, so you did some though. You did non zero amount, but you didn't runes is just not worth it to you.
Speaker B: I'll say this. I went into the deep research phase and of ordinals and talking to people and learning about it. I'm not doing the same thing for runes.
Speaker C: Okay, got it. Tom, Tarun, did you guys mess around with runes at all? Any perspective?
Speaker D: Also dabble with ordinals. Better not gotten to runes.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: Something about the whole BRC 20 and runes ecosystem is very strange to me where you're basically totally dependent on these off chain indexers to determine the amount of the token that you have. There's no real enforcement of the validity of these transactions on bitcoin itself. So it just feels very antithetical to, I feel like what bitcoiners always talk about and kind of what the ethos of the space is until. Yeah, actually we're going to be relying on this wallet or this third party to allow us to trade these things or to tell me what the balance of my assets even is. Yeah, I really don't get it. And obviously it's like, just short of having an application or something that this stuff looks into, it is just meme coin trading. Not to disparage meme coin trading, but, you know, we've seen this before.
Speaker A: I do think, like, the problem is, like, I think ordinals when they first came out where there was like a lot of novelty, but now people have gone to the extreme of like, these very, you know, the bitcoin l two space is basically a lot of fake l two s. Like, none of them have the viability of, like, I can withdraw my assets from the bridge contract in a very reliable manner or at all in some cases, without a centralized third party or some trust assumption. And a lot of the bitcoin l two stuff, I mean, the ZK stuff is real because, okay, they're actually just posting the proofs of bitcoin that kind of reasonable. But those ones are not live. And the ones that are live seem like three guys in a trench coat with a multisig. You know, it's like they're not, they're not. They're not three, but three guys. I mean, three asian, mid tier asian exchanges and a trench coat with multisig. And. And I, you know, do they. None of them seem particularly real. They seem like this like merry go round Ponzi thing that I don't. I. It's like the bitcoin l two space that feels just like fake inside, like, for lack of a better word. I don't want to get flamed now.
Speaker C: For saying that, but you will absolutely get flames. But it's all right, we can.
Speaker A: There are some real ones, like the ZK ones, I think, are that people.
Speaker C: Are trying real but not live. Right? So, like, real but not live.
Speaker A: Yeah, but the ones that are live are like basically multisigs.
Speaker C: They're side chains.
Speaker A: Yeah, they're side chain. They're side chain. But that's fine if you call them a side chain. But there's no. There's no data available.
Speaker C: I spent a lot of time on this when I was in Hong Kong weeks ago, before I went to Dubai for the web three festival. And in Hong Kong. So the first thing I'll say. The bitcoin ecosystem very concentrated in Asia. So a lot of the demand for BRC twenties and ordinals are actually not in the US or in the kind of anglophone world which is, I think, a lot of the reason why a lot of this stuff feels somewhat opaque to a lot of folks who are living on crypto Twitter, because it is just the case that most of the BRC 20 ordinals activity was happening in the chinese speaking community and less so.
Speaker A: In the anglo ordinals make much more sense. Like, you look at the code bases, like, I know what they're doing. I look at the code base for these. These bitcoin ll two s, and either it's closed source or like pseudo open. So it's. I don't know what it's really doing. Or it's like, yeah, like I said, it's like an EVM chain that happens to have a multi sig that you peg in and out of. Okay, we've seen forever, right? It's like they're not l two s k. I don't understand how these.
Speaker C: So here's the thing. I was in Hong Kong and I met a ton of people who are very big into the bitcoin l two ecosystem. And it was very curious for me because almost everybody I know on the western side thinks the bitcoin l two s are bullshit and basically did not invest in almost anything. Right? A few western VC's have invested into.
Speaker A: Them, but overall, there definitely are a bunch who have. There are a bunch.
Speaker C: The ones that are coming out of the US are these very kind of academic, high integrity teams. They all suck. Like, the bitcoin l two game is not about tech innovation. It's about gathering up lots and lots of bitcoin from bitcoin whales. And like, if you look at, like, the granddaddy of these is Merlin, they recently.
Speaker A: I mean, Merlin is unreal. I mean, you look at the, like, there's like, single wallet with a billion dollars of bitcoin depositing into it.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah. There's a huge amount of capital in there. That's basically. I mean, everybody in Asia kind of knows it all comes from a small amount of super bitcoin mega whale miners. So in Asia, people love bitcoin because bitcoin equals proof of work, equals mining. Everyone in Asia gets that, right? So lots of super wealthy ogs are miners in Asia. And so the bitcoin l two story, basically, the reason why it's so compelling for many folks in Asia is that they want yield on bitcoin, which sounds stupid, because how does that solve that problem? And the answer is, well, points. You guys in the west do all this points stuff and you get yield on whatever you're putting into the points. Things so we're going to create bitcoin points and you can put bitcoin in this thing and you'll get yield. And the miners are all like, great, I love that. I love my bitcoin. I love yield. Here you go. Here's a big pile of bitcoin. Give me yield.
Speaker A: And it's weird to call it an l two, right? It's a blast of the service for bitcoin maxis.
Speaker C: So here's the thing. Here's the thing. I was talking to the Nervos team, which is like super Og proof of work, guys, very legit. And they're building a bitcoin l two, effectively. Okay? And so I asked them, like, look, you guys are technical. I talked to some of these teams and they have no idea what the fuck they're saying. But you guys are really technical. How is this an l two? This is not trustless. Obviously. Bitcoin is not validating any of this. It can't validate any of this. You're running an evm chain. How are you going to validate evm on bitcoin? And the answer is that. No, no, no. In bitcoin, the word l two means something different. In bitcoin, l two means that you are bitcoin aligned. That's what it means. So if you're aligned with bitcoin, you're an l two. I'm like, what? Wait, what then? What's is Rsk in l two? And he's like, well, you know, I don't know. It depends on your definition. But, yeah, that's what l two means. So it's kind of like I was telling you guys, like, fair launch in meme coins means that no vc's. That's what fair launch means for meme coins. In the same way, like, the word l two has just been reclaimed by bitcoiners to mean bitcoin aligned.
Speaker B: Yeah, it makes sense.
Speaker C: Does it? Does that make sense, that I feel like that does not make sense?
Speaker B: Yes, because every phrase gets completely twisted in general, to the point where everyone on the outside world doesn't really understand it. And that is kind of true.
Speaker C: Yeah. Literally, the term ERC 20, right? Which now at this point, like.
Speaker A: Like, first ERC 20 knockoff, the TRC BRC 20 is, bit wise, identical, minus for the one character of the t in the name. But the BRC 20, not. So.
Speaker C: Yeah, like, so, I mean, ERC 20, like, literally, there was a list of 20 of these. Ethereum, sort of. What's the word? What are they?
Speaker D: Well, they're eips. Yeah. In proposals. And they converted to ERC.
Speaker C: They converted to ercs. Right. What does ERC stand for?
Speaker B: Ethereum request for comment.
Speaker C: The theory. Request for comment. That's what it is. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So ethereum requests for comment. So you do an EIP, it gets approved or whatever and becomes a request for comment. And that's what ERC 20 comes from. And so now they're just everything. 20. RC 20 is just like, means token in people's minds. And so they just copy this thing over and over again. Anything, even if it doesn't obey the ERC 20 standard. They call it RC 20 just because it just kind of sounds like a token. I can see that happening to l two, and that's kind of an interesting language on the move, kind of linguistic phenomenon. At the same time, we have the term sidechain, which was invented in bitcoin land. And there's a bunch of things that are still called side chains in bitcoin land. You know, like all the stuff that. What's it called? The bitcoin. Shoot. What's the company that does all the bitcoin stuff? Stacks. No, no stacks. Blockstream company that raised a bunch of venture blocks. Block stream. Right. Blockstream has their side chain that everybody points and laughs at is like, oh, this is just a side. This is like a centralized side chain. And it's like, oh, yeah. But that's also what the Bitcoin l two s are. So what exactly is the difference? You know? I guess, like aspirational. I don't know, but it's vibes, basically. Tldr. It's all vibes. At least that's what I've been told. I don't know. Are you guys looking at any of the bitcoin l two stuff?
Speaker A: We invested in one bitcoin l two, which is.
Speaker C: Oh, you did?
Speaker A: Yes. But a real l two.
Speaker C: Real l two.
Speaker D: It's trying to host a vm or something.
Speaker C: How does it thing.
Speaker A: Sorry, it's not.
Speaker C: It's a bit vm style thing.
Speaker A: It's its own vm. Yeah, it's sort of like the vm, but they have a specialized prover. It's like all the block stream stark people who left because blockstream was building sort of this thing and then no one wanted to stay there.
Speaker C: I see.
Speaker A: It's called Alpen. I think they just came out of stealth, like, last week.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. We spoke to them. Okay, alpen. Yeah. I sort of count them in, like, the western high integrity teams of, like, people who are making a real, honest effort at building something good, unfortunately, I mean, no disrespect to them. But I think, like, if you're not plugged into these chinese whales who are basically plugging huge amounts of bitcoin into these networks, I don't know if you can win this game because it feels very stacked against you, so to speak.
Speaker A: Yeah, maybe. I mean, I feel like there's enough non asian whales, the wences of the world, who maybe will be the patriots.
Speaker C: Those guys all hate this stuff. Like, there are people, like, oh, just wait for lightning. Why are you guys doing this evm bullshit? You know, this is all, like, clogging up the chain.
Speaker A: I think people have learned that lightning is secretly more centralized than your multisig l two in some ways. So I do think that they've kind of. They're kind of turning the corner on that more than you think.
Speaker C: Is that right? It doesn't feel like that from the.
Speaker A: What do you think the sentiment of lightning. What do you think the sentiment to lightning is on Twitter? I I would argue that it's had this extreme crash lately.
Speaker B: Yeah, I would bet. It's actually just, like, not even that well understood. Like. Like no one's talking about it anymore, you know, for the most. Like, most of the people have come into crypto the last couple of years might not even know.
Speaker C: True. Yeah. Yeah. If you were. If you're a class of, like, 21, 22, you probably have, you know, you've only heard of lightning in passing, you.
Speaker B: Probably think it's an ERC 20 token.
Speaker C: Wasn't there.
Speaker A: What was the standard? There's a token standard for lightning.
Speaker C: Raiden. Raiden. Raiden was the ethereum. Lightning. So there was. There was an UC 20. Those close.
Speaker A: Well, there were a couple. There were a couple there also. All the state channels. L four. Yeah.
Speaker C: Yes, yes. But they didn't have a token. L four didn't have a token.
Speaker A: They didn't have a token. But a lot of people who work there now have tokens.
Speaker D: Fangchain had a token, and they had some great state channel tech.
Speaker C: Oh, I forgot about that. Yeah. Actually, funfair did, too. So it's like the casinos and the unsavory stuff were very experimental. You know what they say about it's the toughest industries that have to experiment with new technology. That's true. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, well, speaking of tough industries, there's a big story this week about Uniswap that got hit with a wells notice from the SEC. So let me explain what all those things mean Uniswap. Most of you are probably familiar, it's the biggest Dex. It's an amm, completely decentralized. It runs with no on chain kind of administration whatsoever. It's been around forever. Run by Hayden Adams, so not run by, I should say, founded by Hayden Adams. So the SEC, which we know both the CFTC and the SEC have been interacting with Uniswap labs for quite a while, since, of course, Uniswap has been around since, I think, 2018 or 19. The SEC, it was announced on April 10, issued a wells notice to Uniswap. So a wells notice is when the SEC is considering bringing a lawsuit or some kind of enforcement action against a counterparty, they are required by law to first give a wells notice, which basically says, hey, we are planning to sue you. If you have any kind of contradicting evidence that would lead us to think that maybe we should not be suing you or that this would be an error, here is your chance to present us that information. Almost always after Wells notice, the response to the wells notice doesn't end up causing the SEC not to go forward with the lawsuit, but at least gives the company time to prepare themselves and potentially get their affairs in order, effectively for what's to come. Now, you might remember when the SEC sued Coinbase, as well as when the SEC sued ripple. In both cases, when the SEC sent them their wells notice, both Coinbase and ripple front ran, the SEC went to the public and basically started a pr campaign immediately saying, we got issued with the wells notice. We believe the SEC is doing things unfairly and they're trotting over the rights of Americans to interact with crypto, blah, blah, blah. We're going to fight them to the death. And they kind of control the narrative, which I'm sure very much frustrated the SEC at the time, this was considered to be a crazy thing to do. This is not what happens generally. Normally in most other industries when your regulator is suing you, you slink away, start preparing lawyers and preparing to say lots and lots of no comment. Instead, Coinbase and Ripple showed that actually you want to go on the offensive. And so far it seems to have been largely effective, although it's not over, but it's hard to tell. But it looks like so far, people think that, hey, it actually looks like this was the right strategy. Well, Uniswap has done the exact same thing. Once they got the wells noticed from the SEC, Uniswap went to Twitter and basically said, hey, the SEC is supposed to be protecting investors, maintaining fair, orderly markets. I think Uniswap does a better job of this. The SEC should not be coming after us. We are founded by american entrepreneurs. We've been following all the laws, blah, blah, blah, effectively stating that, hey, we're going to fight this. We think the SEC is in the wrong. We have no control over Uniswap. The protocol, and basically come at me, bro, was effectively the energy that Uniswap was giving the Uniswap token. Unitoken did. Took a hit on the day that the wells notice was announced. I think it went down roughly 15%. But the industry really rallied around Uniswap under the belief that Uniswap is going to be a very, very strong defendant. Uh, now, that said, we don't know what the charges are. Uh, people are speculating that these charges may be, um, you know, being an unregistered broker, uh, or something, which, you know, many people are saying that this would probably not stick because judges have been very unsympathetic to this claim. Coinbase, of course, in their case, had this claim thrown out, uh, for Coinbase wallet, saying that, you know, they had no custodial control. Uh, however, uh, it's also possible they go after Unitoken, claiming that unitoken is a security, in which case, I. This might be the first battleground case to decide whether a governance token for something like this ends up being an unregistered security. So I'll stop there. That was a lot. What's your guys take on the Uniswap Wells notice?
Speaker B: Well, none of us have actually seen, at least as I understand it, the Wells notice. All we've seen is Uniswap's response. It came from Hayden. It came from. There was a great blog post. I've read the blog post. I thought it was wonderfully written, where they framed, really, you know, the arguments for why a uniswap is important, b, you know, it really shouldn't be a target of, you know, enforcement when there's extremely vague and nebulous applicability of, you know, historical laws to them and see why they think that whatever the charges may be, they're going to win. And I thought it was a wonderfully written blog post. You know, since then, there's been a lot of more sophisticated commentary coming on crypto Twitter and starting to be in the press. You know, I feel like in one of the next episodes, you know, once things start to come out to the public, maybe we should have on, you know, a guest who's like, more familiar with these issues. But I thought the response, and that's really the only thing that any of us on this show or on Twitter or anywhere have available. Their response was great. And, you know, I give a lot of kudos to the whole team at Uniswap foundation and Uniswap labs and everyone peripheral to it and, like, the community, because, you know, I feel like they are ready and willing to champion and fight to the death on a case that they have an extremely good shot at winning, according to pundits online. And so, you know, if this is the thing that creates case law where there's absolutely not enough or no case law, you know, uniswap is in phenomenal shape. You know, if they'd gone after, you know, some scammers, you know, I feel like the SEC would be better positioned, but they're not going after scammers. They're going after a company that has been trying to innovate the right way for a long time. And I think they make a terrible target.
Speaker C: Hayden is such a genuine believer, right? Hes done everything right. Theyve been probably one of the most kind of fastidious and upstanding teams in crypto, period. Much less than Defi and Defi. I mean, I dont know. I think hes a national treasurer. And the SEC, it really feels like a huge, huge miscalculation in choosing uniswap as a defendant here. Right. But much better going after sushiswap or one of these other things that just plays worse as a defendant. You know, like they were kind of faster and looser. I'm sure they didn't. They were, they're not as well defended of a door. They don't have as much resources. They're not as beloved by the community. They didn't actually invent the fucking thing. Like, so many people are like, wow, amms blew my mind. They changed my idea of what was possible in finance. Literally, the example that people give of why DeFi is so transformational is uniswap. And the idea that you would go after this guy and this team to say, hey, let's make an example out of how bad this industry is and how noncompliant they are with the laws that they're supposed to mind read is just insane. To me.
Speaker B: It is. I mean, to your point, even if they're looking to build case law, because I feel like at this point, most of what the SEC is doing when it comes to crypto is about defining their political perimeter. Right. They should be going after a garbage project that, like, forked Uniswap's code, behaved badly, stole money from people, and will have zero sympathy from a judge instead of going after Uniswap.
Speaker D: It is weird. I agree that it seems like it would be more likely to be about Uni than Uniswap the protocol, or uniswap the website, being a broker or something like that. But it is weird that Uni was not named as a security in the SEC's lawsuits against Coinbase or binance. They had a huge laundry list of tokens that they claimed for securities. Uni was not on it. And yet somehow now they are getting a wells notice that seems possibly related to the uni token. Yeah, just very, very strange.
Speaker C: Well, but it was clearly not exhaustive, right? I mean, they only listed like twelve or 13 tokens total across all the lawsuits. And there's uniswap number 30 or something on Cornwall. Sure.
Speaker D: But why sit on this for so long if nothing's permanently changed?
Speaker B: Speaker one, here's my totally non lawyer layman. From the outside perspective, it's because there's a good chance the SEC will lose their case against you. And if it's a part of, like, the Coinbase case or whatever, and they lose, and it happens, even if the Coinbase thing is going through appeal and its years and it's going to the Supreme Court, I feel like it wasn't named in there because they know that it's a risky case for them, actually.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker B: They don't want it to influence, like, a Coinbase case.
Speaker C: No, this makes sense. But I think it's actually the other way around because, okay, when they go after Coinbase, right, they list these 13 proclaimed securities. Coinbase wins the case. If they can prove that none of those 13 assets are securities, right? Because those are the ones that the SEC actually claimed. If they put Uni on that list and Coinbase wins that case, then now it has bearing on the enforcement action against Uniswap. And the SEC wants to win as many cases as possible, which means. That means, it implies that the assets they listed on the Coinbase case, they were not planning to pursue. So you put things on there that you're not actually planning to go after, one by one. If you were planning to go after Solana, and you put Solana on the Coinbase case, then if they win either case, it fucks over the other case. Right? But if you. If you go after independent enforcement actions from the ones that you list as securities, then one judge over here in this district could be like, oh, yeah, I think this is fine. Another judge says, well, this has no bearing on this other case. So, like, I actually think that Uni is a security and screw these guys. Whereas if the same question was litigated in two different venues, very likely the judge would defer to whatever the other judge did. Given that the same question was being adjudicated, that actually makes a lot of sense as to why they didn't list uni, because they want to pursue it independently and they're not planning to go after any of the l one s because that's way too hard. Go after an l one. And it's like, well, but ethereum's not a security. And if either is not a security, on what basis is sold on a security. Right. So it's very safe to go after the l one s because. I'm sorry, very safe to name the l one s because you don't want to go after the one on one because if you actually. They take you to court, they're going to bring out ethereum as an example and it's going to make the SEC look really bad and kind of picking, playing favorites, whereas uni is very unique. Right. There is nothing really like uni. And so uni kind of has to go make a very different kind of shaped argument than the l one s could. That's my theory, crafting of maybe why the SEC chose to pursue it this way.
Speaker A: I will say, you know, one thing I thought was very funny was after this news came out, they just turned on front end fees for all their pools. That was like a very funny form of rebellion where it's like, fuck you, we're going to, like, if. Because they already charge fees on some of the front end pools and then there's, like, now turn them on for everything. I think there's like, a great dune dashboard of, like, their revenue from the front end fees, like, spiking on the wells notice day.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, if I looked at it, like, the day it came out, I haven't looked at, like, the dashboard since then. But, like, are they still doing, like, you know, half a million a day and income?
Speaker A: I think it was something I haven't actually looked either since the day. Tom, you happen to have it handy, by any chance?
Speaker D: I can pull it up.
Speaker C: I mean, I don't think it was half a mil a day or revenue and fees.
Speaker A: Fees?
Speaker C: Yeah, no, no, no, it was nowhere near half a million a day once.
Speaker D: Yeah, no, it was like twelve mil annualized.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no.
Speaker B: Raise the fees. It reached over half.
Speaker A: Okay, so 411 think. It didn't quite go to half a mil, but it's like.
Speaker D: Yeah, you're right.
Speaker A: It's spiked, though. What is it from, like, 2030, 20 to 30k? Like hundreds now.
Speaker C: It's like one hundred k. One hundred k a day. Okay, so annualized, 35, 36 mil? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's pretty good. You know, they have to have a.
Speaker A: Legal k. Have a legal kiss to fight. I just thought. I just thought that was a funny form of rebellion. You're like, you're going after us already. Whatever.
Speaker C: Kind of true. Kind of true, yeah. Interesting. Well, I mean, they also know the content of the wells known as. So it may have had nothing to do with the. The front end. So that may have been the basis on which they decided to do that. I don't know. So, I mean, this obviously will be a very consequential case for Defi, generally. I mean, again, we don't know the contours, so we're kind of guessing. But regardless of what this particular case is, it's definitely going to be monumental within the space. At the same time, the weird thing about it is that Genzler is already fighting a lot of fronts. I sort of assumed that they were going to stop here because they have binance case, they have the coinbase case, they have the ripple case. They have a lot of resources that they're expending. And, you know, they fired a couple lawyers.
Speaker A: They fired a couple.
Speaker C: There was the whole. Yeah, there was the whole debt box thing where they got censured by a judge for gross misconduct. In a different enforcement case, they were bringing in some. Some random defi project. So the SEC is kind of feels like they're over.
Speaker A: Feels like a Hail Maryland. This is like the, like, hey, election year, we might be out. Let's just, like, throw the Hail Mary. That's what this. That's. At least that's my impression of this.
Speaker C: Right?
Speaker A: Gotta keep everyone busy until the election. The election.
Speaker C: Why, though? Like, that doesn't make sense.
Speaker A: Maybe it's like the only way to justify your budget or something.
Speaker C: That sounds strange. Yeah.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker C: Obviously, if Trump ends up winning, Gensler's outlandish. There's a decent chance that even if Biden ends up winning, that he replaces Gensler. Given how unpopular he's been even within the Democratic Party, there does feel like it's a very strange move to be going after this. I mean, it's one thing if you go after some scam project and they're going to settle and it's going to be a quick thing. But he had to know that uniswap is going to fight this, given how much resources they have.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's going to be a ripple like case where both sides of come.
Speaker C: Out slugging and it's gonna be years. You know, this. This thing is not gonna happen soon.
Speaker A: So, as usual, the only winners here are law firms. So you would be hilarious if Gensler ends up going to the law firm that makes the most fees off these cases, because they're like, thank you so much for, for the donation.
Speaker C: Wait, Gensler uses their own lawyers?
Speaker A: No, no, no. So let's say, let's, let's say, let's say there's like three firms used for these cases. Unless Gensler gets kicked out of office and needs a new job, who do you think wants to hire him the most? The one who made them the most billable hours? And so maybe this is all a secret, indirect ploy for that.
Speaker C: Right? That's funny. Actually, after the detbox thing, which was when the SEC lawyers got censured for gross misconduct, there were a bunch of people on crypto Twitter who were calling. There are a few folks who are ex sec who've come into the crypto industry and have some people have fairly senior roles. Obviously, you'd want to work with somebody who knows the insides of how the SEC works. And a few people from crypto Twitter were calling for, guys, let's freeze the SEC. No more hiring anybody who's worked at the SEC. So people learn this is not a way to get into the crypto industry. If you work for this institution, screw you, we're not going to hire you. I don't know if people are going to stand strong on that, because when you actually want to be dealing with the SEC, obviously it helps to have people who've been on the other side. And I imagine for ripple or Coinbase, they are very, very grateful to have legal support from people who understand the SEC from the inside. But the spirit of it, I think, is quite sensible, because, of course, many people who are working in government, they are kind of hoping that on the other side, they can end up getting a cushy private industry.
Speaker A: That's what I'm saying. I feel like maybe this is just a way to figure out how to run up bills, and then you can go, I got. I made you so much money.
Speaker B: I don't think it's like that turn. I think it's.
Speaker A: I like. I like that conspiracy though.
Speaker B: I like that.
Speaker C: So the question is, what venture fund is going to hire Gensler? That's the, that's the big question.
Speaker A: Andreessen. They seem to hire all the regulators.
Speaker C: You think Andreessen's going to hire?
Speaker A: Well, I just mean, look at.
Speaker D: Look at hundred mil, solo GP fund. It's Gensler Ventures coming to you.
Speaker C: I think actually all the big funds would probably band together and fund him just to get him to stay out of politics.
Speaker A: That's what I'm saying. This might be a genius boy on his part and you're all not thinking deep enough.
Speaker C: Well, first, I'm sure the first deal he leads would probably be Prometheus.
Speaker A: I think the thing about Gensler is already pretty wealthy, so this wouldn't be true. But if it was someone who was less wealthy than Gensler, it'd be like.
Speaker C: That'd be fun. Yeah. Well, I guess we'll see where all this plays out. We're up on time, so we're going to have to wrap, but another fun week. We'll be back soon. Hopefully by the time that we learn more about the particulars of the case, we're going to have some more color on exactly what uniswap is facing. Thanks, everybody.
