Speaker A: Hey unchained listeners. As you know, its hard keeping up with the fast paced world of crypto, so weve got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. youll get the latest crypto news in original articles from our reporters as well as summaries of other happenings in bullet points. Plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. Its still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot. Again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot.
Speaker B: There's going to be a new law in the United States for payment stablecoins and payment stable coins are going to be legally defined as cash equivalent digital cash instruments in the us financial system. And when that happens, that's a great thing. And it will create a consistent, clear way for a very vibrant, competitive market to emerge. Not a dividend, it's a tale of Tuqwan.
Speaker C: Now your losses are on someone else is balancing you.
Speaker D: Generally speaking, airdrops are kind of pointless anyways.
Speaker C: I named trading firms who were very involved.
Speaker D: I like that. Eth of the ultimate on this defi.
Speaker E: Protocols are the antidote to this problem.
Speaker C: Hello everybody. Welcome to the chopping block. Every couple of weeks, the four of us get together and give the industry insider's perspective on the crypto topics of the day. So, first, quick intros, we got Robert, the crypto connoisseur and tsar of superstate. Then we've got Tarun, the Giga brain and grand poo bah at Gauntlethe. Today we've got a special guest, Jeremy Allaire, stablecoin steward and CEO at Circle. And finally, you've got myself. I'm Aseeb, the head hype man at Dragonfly. So we are early stage investors in crypto. But I want to caveat. Nothing we say here is investment advice, legal advice, or even life advice. Please see choppingblock xyz for more disclosures. Jeremy, we've been trying to get you on the show for a while. Great to finally have you here. How are you doing? How's life in crypto land?
Speaker B: It's great. It's exciting. Never dull. No, it's really good. It's really good. There's a lot. There's just. I mean, there's a lot going on. Obviously, we'll touch on a lot of different things but like, I've been working in this for 1011 years and I've never been more optimistic about where we're at on so many levels. So I think it's a super exciting time.
Speaker C: Last time I saw you must have been, it must have been over six months ago, I think last time I saw you. And so I haven't seen you since the banking crisis, which I think everybody in this industry has had their kind of near death experience. And I think for you guys, that was probably the closest that you've had to having one of those. Obviously, it wasn't literally near death, but I think from the perspective of the market, everybody was terrified about what was happening. For those of us who maybe weren't paying attention at that time, give us a bit of a recap of what happened and what you learned personally from going through that experience.
Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely. Actually, we've had multiple near death experiences as a company over ten years. So it's sort of life in crypto land. But in all seriousness, I mean, look, I think there's a few, first of all, important backdrops, which is that as an industry, obviously access to the banking system has been a challenge for, for virtually every company thats been in this industry for a long time. And there are lots of different reasons for that. In some ways, actually, Circle has been really fortunate because we set out to be regulated and licensed and operate with a high level of compliance. I think a company like circle has historically had really good access to the banking infrastructure thats out there. And thats a big part of the promise of USDC, obviously. And that comes from both what circle does and also what Coinbase does, and basically always having great both retail and institutional tradfi rails that connect the existing traditional financial system to stablecoins and to digital dollars. And what that is, that's been a huge part of what's there. And I think as a company, we've always tried to always uplevel the infrastructure that sits behind USDC. That's a constant for us and we'll never be done, and we talk about the future and what that looks like. But we for a very long time have been trying to up level who are the kinds of custodians that will hold cash. What is the transparency and rigor and protections of the underlying market infrastructure that sits behind USDC? What's the redundancy basically of there's sort of like where money is held and then there's sort of the transactional layer, which is basically, how can people who have access to the banking system, whether it's in the US or internationally, how can they really easily create and redeem USDC? We've always been trying to basically uplevel that and have more and more redundancy. And as you go back to the end of 2022 in particular, some pretty dramatic things took place, which have been talked about a lot in a lot of places, but it was really the end of 2022 that began many aspects of what became a broader, not just us domestic banking crisis, but also a broader, what I'll call, debanking crisis for the entire crypto industry. And so a huge starting point was basically the collapse of FTX and essentially the fears that existed that Silvergate bank had some kind of huge exposure to FTX. And that actually caused the first set of runs on Silvergate, and it caused a lot of companies to say, wow, well, we really feel exposed to just this hyperconcen risk. With a bank like Silvergate, you started to see people try and have more. And we had already launched redundancy. You had Silvergate, you had signature. These were popular us banks for providing interoperability. At the same time, we had also been. So we've been adding redundancies at the same time. Also, we're basically trying to uplevel the reserve infrastructure. We made a huge partnership last year with BlackRock, and as part of that partnership, we created something with them called the Circle Reserve Fund. And basically that is, it's operational today. It's been operational since basically late last year, but it was fully operational coming into Q one, which is basically that there's an SEC registered and supervised fund that holds. Historically it was holding about 80% of the reserves of USDC. Right now, it's about 95% of the reserves of USDC. And so it's registered and supervised with an independent board, an independent audit, and it has protections that come from being an SEC supervised vehicle.
Speaker C: Does that fund only hold the treasuries or does it also hold some of the cash?
Speaker B: So I'll walk you through kind of where it is today. But effectively, initially, it was basically all holding treasuries. So that was sort of, we had 20% in cash, 80% in treasuries. But the power of it is that basically, not only is it is this sort of registered structure, it has daily transparency. And so, unlike any other dollar stable, at least in the world, you can go to the USDXXticker to search in your search engine and you can actually see down to every single instrument exactly what is there, exactly the duration, exactly any kind of counterparties that are embedded in that. And you can just see that so very, very high level of transparency and the fund itself and the underlying security instruments are custodied with basically the safest custodian in the world, a globally systemically important bank that custodies over 25 trillion assets. So really, really strong market infrastructure thats there. So we had been moving to that. The area that always had the most risk, though, was exposure to the traditional banking system. Its not like a company like circle or pick. Any of your portfolio companies can call JPMorgan Chase and say, will you hold cash reserve accounts for me? My business is this open blockchain crypto thing, and that doesn't really happen. And so the up leveling of banks that hold assets has been something we've been constantly pursuing. And so for us, on the cash side, we largely had, because of the industry we're in the cash piece. We either held limited amounts in what we call these transaction banks, which are basically dealing with settlement, the in and out every day of things. And then another limited amount spread across were mostly mid sized regional banks that would hold these reserves. In some ways, we were constrained by the capacity of the banking sector to do business with companies like us and the like. And we're at the top of the list in terms of compliance and rigor and all this sort of stuff. And so we have that high threshold now. If you walk into early 2023, you had a couple other things happen. So in January, the federal regulators, banking regulators, basically came out with new guidance that essentially said, banks, you're basically forbidden from doing anything that directly touches blockchains. And it was like a huge spook. And then all of a sudden, a lot of banking institutions started to throw up more challenges. And so that was signaling. And then another set of things started to happen, which is basically there was wave after wave of SEC enforcement actions that started getting launched starting in January and then in February, and then the very beginning of March. And there were big scares around a lot of things, but you started to see all this happen. And then effectively, all at once, in one week period, you had basically three bank failures. And these are three banks, two of which were like the pipes that were like transaction settlement for USDC insurance segregate. And one of them, which was a midsize bank, which was Silicon Valley bank. Now, I think for us, it's a fascinating story, which is that there was a set of news that came out, which everyone probably remembers well, which is that SVB had failed to raise capital with Goldman Sachs and so people started to get very concerned. We had actually, just previous to that, literally a week or two before that, had actually successfully onboarded the ability to hold cash with a giant G Sid for USDC, but limited to like a couple billion dollars. It was sort of like, okay, the appetite's this, but like, that's a big deal. So Wednesday comes and then basically by Thursday morning, there's like a credit rating issue. Silvergate was actually literally being closed on that Wednesday. And there were rumblings about exposure on balance sheet, risk on signature. I mean, it was a very, very stressful kind of moment. And so we took a decision to sweep everything that we had into this GSIB. They don't like me using their name so into this.
Speaker C: I see. But I thought they limited you to only 2 billion.
Speaker B: By that Thursday, there was a full on us banking crisis going on. And basically all the regional banks were getting drawn down. And so the GSIDs were basically getting huge amounts of deposits coming and people basically saying, I want to move xxx. And if you go back and you look over the course of that end of week and into the early the following week, there was this giant exodus of regional bank capital into GSIBs. And that was sort of, by the.
Speaker C: Way, just for those who are not familiar, GSIB stands for globally systemically important bank. So theyre the biggest banks in the world.
Speaker B: Too big to fail. Too big to fail. Right. So there was this sort of rotation. And so effectively it was like, okay, hey guys, theres a banking crisis. We need to move $9 billion kind of thing. So we basically undertook all the instructions to do that. And we were, we were effective in that, with the exception of one wire, or roughly one wire, so to speak, that didn't land on Thursday, and that was Silicon Valley bank. And so the context is, we're dealing with constraints of being a company in this industry. We're dealing with multiple transactional infrastructure failures, and we're dealing with a regional banking crisis and all of this. And I think the really unfortunate thing is that because essentially signature bank was being seized, our ability to maintain 24/7 minting redemption was closed on that weekend. It had never been closed before, basically. And it was closed on that weekend. You couldnt do it through Coinbase, you couldnt do it through circle. The combination of that and then concern about, are these reserves going to be moved, et cetera, caused panic selling, which a lot of people profited from, obviously. But then the interesting thing is that because of the work that we had been doing to up level our infrastructure, we literally were able to open on Monday with new transactional banking infrastructure, with new banks, and with actually the reserve infrastructure, actually the strongest it had ever been, with the best reserve infrastructure with the most transparency.
Speaker C: Jeremy, just to paint the picture, this whole weekend. So everybody, I think here remembers that weekend as being one of the most harrowing weekends in not just crypto, but in, in finance period. Where were you? Were you like at home? Did you sleep at all that weekend? Paint us a picture of you personally. Where were you? And what was that like?
Speaker B: Yeah, so I was actually in Dubai.
Speaker C: You were in Dubai?
Speaker B: I was in Dubai. And actually I was actually going to be spending the weekend with my son, who was on break, and then I was going on to Europe for work. And so it was like this really great thing. And he had flown in and I remembered he came in and I was like, you know, there's this thing and I don't know what's going to happen. And so the weekend was kind of hot, and it was really difficult because I was 9 hours ahead of the east coast and 12 hours ahead of the west coast. So that, that was, that just made.
Speaker C: So all the news broke, like, at evening time for you, basically, like the nine.
Speaker B: Yeah, at this point. But yeah, there was, it was a, it was, it was a pretty busy weekend. And, you know, I think what was fat. There was a lot of things about that are fascinating. I think one was like, we communicated on Saturday, we have this. And part of that was that over the weekend, a market developed, literally, over the weekend, a market developed to purchase what would essentially be receivables from the FDIC in the event that the bank were to fail. And so these were basically, people were basically large capital markets. Companies like huge Wall street companies were basically bidding, are dealing in terms around, like, you could get $0.85 on the dollar or whatever it was. And so the combination of our balance sheet and that, we're like, we're good. We're going to be able to do this. But the fascinating thing is we open on Monday and we were able to be up and operational, even though we had seen all these other pipes fail, all these things go off. But it was a pretty intense week. So now, on the other side of that, like I just said earlier, right, USDC is reserved in probably the single best, lowest credit risk cash custodian for dollars in the world. And it has 95% transparency on every single instrument. And weve actually been able to improve it by being able to use what are called essentially tri party repo overnight collateralized treasury repos as well. You can see if you go into USDX, that's exactly what it is. And those are counterparties are also all GCIB. The strength is actually we're stronger now than we were. We have greater transparency than we were. And actually the fascinating thing is that we now are pretty dramatically expanding the banking infrastructure globally that sits behind USDC, bringing online more banks in more markets. The idea basically is we're building this global liquidity network. And what that means is that if you bank in Singapore, or you bank in Hong Kong, or you bank in Brazil, or you bank wherever, that you within the domestic banking system will be able to directly create and redeem USDC locally facing circle. And so that relates to another thing that happened. And I think all of you probably can relate to this, which is essentially over the course of that week, 5000 plus companies were just debanked. I mean, effectively. So they were literally debanked. And so theres this giant debanking. And when you look at that all combined, you had this debanking, you had wave after wave after wave of enforcement action and other things. And it created an environment where basically the narrative was, get the hell out of the US, get your money out of the US. The US financial systems fucked the. Any exposure here, anything that has anything to do with the US, is like, you're screwed. And so that kind of created what I like to call a flight from safety. It was literally a flight from safety. What would typically be thought of as you're compliant, you're embedded in some of the biggest market infrastructure companies in the US. You have this good sound footing. You got the best auditors, you've got all of this fiduciary stuff wrapped around you. What would typically be considered like, oh, that's was somehow all of a sudden perceived as like completely exposed to total risk. And you could, you're now going to go to something where you don't even know where the banks are, you don't even know if there are banks, and there's no supervision at all, and there's no proper audits at all. And you're like, that feels safer.
Speaker E: Now, are you referring to tethere?
Speaker B: I mean, there's lots of offshore stables, but there's some, lots of them.
Speaker C: So many.
Speaker D: Well, I think if you made a movie or a podcast on this, you clearly have to call it escape from safety or whatever.
Speaker C: Flight from safety. That is a great name for a documentary.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, it's fascinating, right? It's fascinating, but, you know, I think where we are today is not just like circle and stuff, but that has moderated, right? I think that has moderated. People have actually seen. No, actually there's more and more banking infrastructure. Maybe there's a level of risk management around that that's different now. And so it is probably more challenging for some companies and probably fine for others. And the progression here, and this gets into a little bit of regulatory stuff is the other big story of 2023 is that basically everywhere in the world there are now laws around stablecoins that are coming on the books. So there's clear stablecoin laws in Japan, emerging Singapore about to come, in Hong Kong, in UAE, in the entire EU, about to be issued in the UK. And there's a bill that's actually moved into the House of Congress, in the House of Representatives in the US. And so the question of, are stable coins here to stay? Are they going to be treated as a part of the global financial system? That has been answered. And so I think in some ways that clarity has been really, really helpful and that's why we're actually seeing more and more traditional financial companies that are moving in and they're plugging in. And I think that's a really positive backdrop because you wouldn't have thought that. But that is the fact what's happening, it's another story of 2023 is regulatory clarity for stablecoins is arriving. And so to me, that's a huge unlock on the future. Like a huge unlock.
Speaker C: So speaking of other financial companies getting into stable coins, one of the big stories from, I think it was about a month ago, is PayPal. Actually, we have a running bet on the show as to what the eventual market cap of the PayPal USD stablecoin is going to be. I believe I am the largest, I am the highest bidder at 500 million at the end of the year. Robert is the most bearish. It was just announced today, I believe, that PayPal USD is getting listed on Coinbase. So it looks like there will be a significant experiment. I don't know what that means, but I appreciate you pointing that out, Jeremy. So I curious to get your take. I know that you have to be very diplomatic about it because they are a competitor and whatever, but I would love to hear you talk shit about PayPal USD and why you think it's going to fail miserably.
Speaker B: Well, I mean, look, there's a lot of different things that I would say. I think the first is that today for dollar stablecoins, there are two that have a pretty significant and entrenched position. And some that trends position is concentrated in certain emerging markets or asian markets, or certain centralized exchange platforms, and that's slow to shift. And then I think for USDC we're pretty entrenched in DeFi and I think more broadly in payment applications where traditional firms are comfortable adopting that and using that. And actually, just as a note, I think at the heart of this, when we think about this from a circle perspective, is we really think about what we do as providing market neutral infrastructure. It's really important to how we think about what we do. We think about USDC as a network utility, as an Internet network utility, and it's a market neutral network utility, market neutral network infrastructure. We're like a platform and utility company. We are not competing for end users, we are not competing for merchants, we're not competing at that level. And so that's been really interesting for us. We've been able to build partnerships with Visa and Mastercard, with Stripe and block, with Robinhood and Coinbase and MoneyGram and others. We've been able to build partnerships with a huge array of companies, many of whom would view each other as direct arch competitors. And that's because we're a market neutral infrastructure company and it's really important. So I think the question I would be asking is, is that important for stablecoins? Does the digital dollar dial tone that people want to build on and compose with and integrate and use? Does market neutrality matter or not? And I think it does. I think it matters a lot. And I think user preference, developer preference, ecosystem preference, that's a really important component to it. While it is true that PayPal as a company has a lot of users of different products and services that they offer, they also, they're in the business of competing for eyeballs and theyre in the business of competing for payment processing. And so when I think about all the different retail companies in the world and all the different payments companies in the world and the like, I believe that were going to be really effective in being that market neutral company. And so literally, yesterday was yesterday, the day before we announced a partnership with Mercado Libre and Mercado Pagoda, which is Mercado Pablo, is the largest fintech in all of Latin America. And they have a huge number of users. They're part of the broader Mercado Libre, which is like a $60 billion market cap company, the Amazon of Latin America, and they're rolling out USDC and they just started in one market. And obviously we'll see that expand would Mercado Libreous do that with PayPal when they're direct competitors? I mean, that's an interesting question. So I think the market neutral infrastructure piece is really important. And then look, I think there's been a lot of attempts by lots of different companies to get into the crypto market. For example, several years ago actually, when PayPal that were going to launch bitcoin, buy sell, hold, were going to launch this, I know the crypto community was like, this was over the moon. This is incredible. 400 million people are going to start buying bitcoin. And it was this huge thing and there was actually a bid that came from that. But the reality was, if Im a person in the United States and I do, how do I buy bitcoin? Its not hard to buy bitcoin. I think there's a little bit of the same thing with ETF's, which is like, if you want to own, you get exposure to bitcoin. It's not hard. You don't need an ETF. You can just go open up an account with a number of very credible companies and get bitcoin, actual bitcoin. And so I think there was a little bit of the fact that there's a large user base must equal usage. It's a fallacy. It's like when Facebook launched payments in WhatsApp and Messenger, people are like, they're going to take over the world.
Speaker C: I totally agree with this.
Speaker B: Anyone use Facebook for payments? Does any person other than someone on Facebook marketplace where you're forced into, I.
Speaker C: Have one friend who pays me on Facebook and I'm always annoyed by it because I have to, it's the only money I have in my, there are.
Speaker B: Substitute goods and they're really good. And so that's the thing is like, what are the substitute goods and are they really good? And then it gets into like, what is the position of that company or that infrastructure and the like? And so look, I mean, at the same time, right, I hope that theyre successful. I hope that they make stablecoins a more important part of the way that their ecosystem interacts with the rest of the world. Because our vision is that stablecoins become the interoperability layer for the entire financial system and every payment, wallet and everything in the world. And we want interoperability and we want everything happening on chain and we want to see that. Thats good. We want to see that. I'm sure that like a lot of people were excited when their AOL account could send email on the Internet, but did everyone become an AOL user. Did they? Was AOL.
Speaker C: Paypal is Aol. PayPal is Aol is what you're saying.
Speaker B: I'm not saying that. I'm saying companies with large user bases that connect to open networks, like that's a good thing. It does contribute to the growth of those open networks, but the open networks grow with entrepreneurship and builders and new companies and the like. I want to see open networks grow. And I think PayPal saying we're making a bet on open networks with dollars is a really good thing. It says a lot and I do want to see success from that because I think that a vibrant, competitive market is a very positive thing.
Speaker E: So to round this out, Jeremy, you are probably the best equipped to make a prediction in the chopping block prediction market. What do you think the market cap of PayPal USD will be on December 31 of this year?
Speaker C: Just to benchmark, right now it's sitting at $43 million USDC by comparison, sitting.
Speaker B: At 20 million, sitting at 5 million.
Speaker C: Issued according to 5 million issued.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker E: The rest of it is.
Speaker C: Oh, I see.
Speaker B: Unish.
Speaker C: I think corn mark cap is giving me a different number. Okay. Coin map, 5 million issued. Okay.
Speaker B: I don't make predictions like that. Come on. I don't.
Speaker C: Hypothetically, if you were to make a prediction, bizarro World, Jeremy makes a prediction. Not you, somebody else. You can imagine making a bet. We're not betting. We're not betting people. We don't do that. Come on.
Speaker B: No, not going to do that.
Speaker C: Okay. Refuses. All right, fine. What I am hearing from you, Jeremy, is bring it on. Is that a good encapsulation of what you just said?
Speaker B: So I'll say a couple things. Yes, but what I'll also say is.
Speaker C: That.
Speaker B: There'S going to be a new law in the United States for payment stable coins. And payment stable coins are going to be legally defined as cash equivalent digital cash instruments in the us financial system. And when that happens, thats a great thing and it will create a consistent, clear way for a very vibrant, competitive market to emerge. And I expect many big companies to be in that market. That is what we want to see. You want to see open, competitive markets. In fact, we make the argument Congress all the time, which is that how do you compete in the digital currency space race? Do you try to out China China by doing a nationalized government run infrastructure? Or do you create open roads, open rules, open markets and allow the market and open technology innovation to be the basis for how you compete? And that's clearly the answer for the United States. It historically has been the answer for the United States. It will be the answer for the United States, and there'll be a lot more competition. But I'm very, very comfortable competing in that market. I feel very, very good about what we're building and how we're building and the opportunity. And the total addressable market for electronic dollars today is 25 trillion. It's a big total addressable market of electronic dollars that exist in the world. And if in ten years there's 5 trillion that are in these fully reserved dollar stablecoins, digital dollars, et cetera, that's a huge space to grow into as well.
Speaker C: Yeah. Okay, I want to shift topics a little bit and let's talk a little bit more abstractly, less about the nuts and bolts of circle and USDC and so on. But I want to talk a little about the philosophical contrast between central bank digital currencies and stable coins. So it's a topic that comes up again and again. It's one of the oldest debates in crypto. It seems like more or less, there's at least within the US there's a convergence that, hey, we don't want to have a centralized, fed backed central bank digital currency. We want it said to have private innovation to do it. Nevertheless, I was just chatting with somebody at visa who works on central bank digital currency stuff. It's the meme that never quite goes away. And of course, China was one of the very first to push central bank digital currency through the digital yuan. Tarun, I want to get your take.
Speaker D: The only thing I really, I mean, I find CBDC is to be one of the most utterly boring concepts that exists within this industry. Like, you have all this stuff where you have to think about like a lot more math. And instead CBDCs are just like, how does McKinsey make increase its revenue this year? Like literally explain that. When I think, I think a lot.
Speaker C: Of people in our audience will not know what the hell you're talking about when you say that. What do you mean that?
Speaker D: It's when I think about CBDCs, I just think about really fancy consultant decks that say like, hey, here's what a government can do. And they take the same deck, they change the flag on the front slide, and then they go to 20 different governments and they say, hey, here's this deck we made for you about what you can do to innovate with your currency. And it always gets people who like going to Davos very excited. But unfortunately, those people couldn't tell you what a hash function is. So I don't really like it. Just. I just feel like CBDC doesn't feel like this thing, that there's an entire class of people who love making money off of it because the thing never will exist. And it's just kind of this perpetual football.
Speaker C: Robert. Okay, your take. Do you agree with Tarun?
Speaker E: I mean, I see where Tarun is coming from in that it's an idea that can be shopped to pretty much any nation with a currency, right? Totally. I do think the CBDCs will arrive in various countries. I do think it's going to be competitive with other digital implementations of a currency, whether it's stable coins, whether it's legacy systems, I think are going to exist. Will it happen in the US?
Speaker C: Maybe.
Speaker E: Will it happen in the short term? No. Will it happen in China? Yes. Will it happen in Russia? I don't know. There is this inevitability where many countries will likely transform the way that their currency functions. The idea that you can have some of the benefits that we've all grown to absolutely love from blockchains, which is transparency, instant settlement, some capabilities for automation, these are really good things. These are all the virtues that got me excited about crypto in the first place. And a lot of people excited about crypto and the idea that you can bring some of these superpowers to a currency. Yes. Circle approach, but there's also the CBDC approach, and it's, you know, I think we're going to see it because I think it's superior to what exists today. Like, yeah, like, Fednow is better than, like, not fed now. And, like, I think a CBDC, even in the dollar, is, like, better than fed now. And so it's like, what takes over eventually? Like, you know, I don't want to bash on circle and Jeremy, but, like, is USDC going to be like, the monopolistic interpretation of the dollar? No, probably not. I think it's possible. The us government inevitably competes with circle in the creation of a CBDC.
Speaker D: So I will say in my mind, the only thing that looks like a CBDC maybe quacks a little bit like a CBDC and definitely walks like a CBDC, is India's payment channel payment rails, which is, like, actually successful. Basically, India went from zero people doing electronic payments to 700 or 800 million via this centralized identification system. But they made applications that use it have this ability to write open source, almost like smart contracts. Actually, if you read the docs, things that can be built on top of that, I can make a little fintech that is able to give you a loan based on some, your prior data, which is public at this. I wouldn't call it a blockchain, but it bears a lot of resemblance to a blockchain thing. And it's actually crazy that they basically skipped credit cards completely. They skipped conventional digital payments and they went even past WeChat because in the WeChat super app model of the world, where you have payments done through a messenger or chat app, you have this monopoly that owns effectively the App store of like, hey, if you're going to build something that uses this type of payment, you have to go through our app, right? Like we've captured this, we take some tax against you. But the indian version is actually that the government's sort of almost. CBDC is basically just an open source layer for people to write these types of apps on. And I think, like, India is successful that because it doesn't have all the dog shit. Like, hey, we're going to naval gaze about what the definition of a CBDC is and what the boundaries of having a CBDC are and what permissions you should have. And oh, we're going to talk about everything other than the technical considerations. The indian version of Aadhar was literally only focused on what is the open source software and how can we build this and the technology side, and that's why they were successful. But most of these other governments investing in this stuff are doing everything other than kind of the technical design, which is why it's just hard to view them as credible other than. And it's just sort of like consultants fighting each other.
Speaker C: So, okay, let me give my take real quick and then I'll hand it to Jeremy because I know that he's itching to respond to Robert's points. So I think I take to run side in this and that. I think CBDCs are mostly nonsensical. I think that in principle, one could build a CBDC that actually is substantively different than just an upgrade to the backend of a central bank. All central banks for many, many years have had digital letters, of course, because whatever, it's 2023, this stuff is already digital. The thing that's interesting about a CBDC relative to just, you have a digital real time growth settlement system, which is great. That's what fed now effectively is real time. Instead of settling at some fixed interval, that makes settling up kind of annoying. The thing about a blockchain system that's different is, I think two fundamental things about a blockchain that's different. And people often say, well, CBDCs aren't decentralized. I don't think that's what matters from the perspective of what users and developers can do. I think the first thing that matters is that it's programmable. And no CBDC that I have ever seen that is actually going into anything like production has any programmability whatsoever. So your ability to basically say, if a, then b, you cannot do that in the eCNY, the Chinese central bank digital currency, there is no such thing. They do tout that there is a blockchain, there is no actual blockchain. There's no blocks, there's no chain. They do have hash functions and stuff like that, but who cares? Just having PKI with central bank infrastructure is just an improvement to authentication. It's not the same thing as what you get with blockchains. The first thing is programmability. Almost none of the CBDCs that are getting through to production have that. And then second is this idea of non sort of decoupling money from personhood. And none of the cBDCs do that either. That's one of the key things about blockchains, is that you can have a multisig, you can have non human agents, you can have AI's, whatever it is you want, as long as there is a public private key. You can interact with money and they can be ephemeral. Even that concept does not exist in any CBDC. And I think that very much limits the design space of what you can do with cbdcs that you couldn't already do with real time growth settlement systems. That I think is the reason why most of these cbdcs are kind of window dressing. They're sort of yelling blockchain as loudly as you can while getting some budget to improve your infrastructure, which is great. A lot of these central banks need infrastructure improvements, but it's not what stable coins do. And I don't think it ever will be.
Speaker B: Yeah, if I can respond. I think we think about this a lot, but not because we think that cbdcs are imminent or a thread or anything like that. We think about a lot because people ask us a lot. But I think I agree with a lot of what you said, Haseeb, and a few things I would share on this topic. I think the first is, it is absolutely correct that most central banks need to continuously upgrade their core settlement infrastructure. And that's not going to stop. And I'm a technologist, and so when I look at the core architecture of the dollar, it doesn't make me feel good because like years ago, I was in a meeting and I was talking to the chief information officer of the Fed. I was like, what is the dollar? Tell me the tech stack. What is the architecture? What is the dollar? And he was basically saying, well, it's a cluster of oracle databases in sun Solaris machines in these redundant data centers. And I was like, okay, so that's the dollar. And then I'm like, okay, I interface with the dollar. And it's FTP servers and common delimited text files. That's actually how you interface with the dollar. That is what movement of dollar is in the United States. FTP, CSV, or whatever. I look at that, I'm like, yes, we can improve that. That should be improved. We should have, there will be fiat and there'll be government obligation money, and it should be continuously improved. And that is a wholesale infrastructure thing. And there will be some countries, a la India, where they have a tip of the mountaintop, which is retail exposed, which is there. I think that is innovation, and I think thats real. So your points, Hasib. Its not solving the same set of problems that are being solved by stablecoins, which I want to come back to. The other piece of this that is, I think, really important is just to acknowledge that the history of electronic money innovation, in the west, at least, the history of electronic money innovation has been entirely private sector driven. It's every single innovation. And we can think about what innovations exist. The wire messaging system was a consortium on private sector actors building standards. The ATM machine was an innovation of the private sector. Credit card networks, debit card networks, innovations of the private sector. PayPal innovation, Apple pay innovation, stablecoins, all these things are private sector innovations. And there's a reason is that the private sector mobilizes and iterates on technology at a very, very different pace and has a very, very different set of incentives. The other fact is that 95% of electronic money in circulation is privately issued. It's not government issued, it's privately issued. And I think for many parts of the world, there's the desire for there to be an air gap between your money and the government. And that's real. Now, in some places, you're not allowed to have that air gap. But in a lot of places, that is. And in the west, that air gap has been important. Those are big phenomenons. But then when I think about, why did I start circle, what is it that we were excited about? It was exactly the kinds of stuff you're talking about, which is basically, I believe that open networks, open protocols that have the reach of the Internet, that are continuously improving open source infrastructure, and very specifically, the innovations of, of cryptocurrency, of blockchain networks, and the programmability that comes from open compute surfaces that are continuously upgraded as well. That's the innovation. And so, to me, we want Internet scale money. We want Internet scale secure, programmable money, and we want to be in the continuous feedback loop of improvement that comes from open source technology. And that is not going to be built by governments. It just isn't. And so I do think there is this kind of, like, if I had magically had a license to access the Fed directly, which I don't right now, but if I had that, would I rather interface with a cryptographic primitive, that's a distributed ledger technology or whatever, than FTP servers and stuff? Yeah, I would much rather like, as a technologist, I'd rather interface to an infrastructure that is better. I do think I would love to support fed now. And youll probably see us do that. Youll probably see, yeah, you want to create and redeem USDC through Fednow. Go for it. But youre moving into the digital currency. You could see a supporting fed now where we allow for people to move in and out through those rails as there are improvements in what central banks do. Those can be positive things for Internet scale money.
Speaker C: Got it. Okay, so one more question. I know we're running up on time a little bit. One more question. I kind of want to go around the room and get people's reason. So, once upon a time, a very long time ago, Jeremy knows backstory, but I was once working on a stable coin way back in the day, and one of the questions at that time that really, this is like, 2017, 2018, really felt unsettled.
Speaker D: We should have called instead of bald being the token for the rugging on base, we could have made bald your stablecoin.
Speaker C: That is true. So, actually, funny enough, the name of the stablecoin we were working on was called USDC. USDC as the circle thing at that time was not public. That was the name of Circle. So we had a bit of a name collision. Anyway, it's a long story. We'll tell another day.
Speaker B: Jeremy.
Speaker C: But Jeremy did win. That's right. His baldness overcame my baldness, and he ended up winning. But a big question at that time that many people were asking is, will stable coins? At that time, the dominant stable coin was tethered, and today, it is still the biggest stable coin in existence. Will the architecture of tether, which is basically UKYC on redemption, UKYC on minting. But you do not KYC holders. Anybody can hold. It was a real question in 2017, will this continue as a status quo? And will we basically get a very different relationship with holders of money for something like a stable coin than we will for traditional bank deposits? And it was unclear at that time. It seems like it's becoming more clear that for whatever reason, especially the stablecoin bill that's in Congress right now, seems to contemplate basically keeping the status quo, which is KYC on redemption and minting. But for the most part, anybody in the world potentially can hold a stable coin. I want to get a view from Robert Tarun and then Jeremy of do you think that persists indefinitely, or are we in a kind of intermediary period where we get to enjoy the fruits of this freedom on chain and anybody can do anything, but is this going to be short lived? What do you guys think? And if it changed, why did it change?
Speaker B: I would say one thing, which is that we have agency in the world as people, and so we can. Nothing is predetermined, obviously. And so the outcomes of those things are things that we have agency in. And so, like, I spend a fair amount of my energy educating, advocating for policy that preserves the innovation of digital token instruments and open blockchain networks, and what that is. And I think there's a lot of other people who have agency and who do that. And that's the most important thing, is that in a vacuum, if governments just said, this is what we'd expect, this is what the rules are, and here they are, then we probably know what the outcome would be. But because we have agency, and because there's actual product and technical innovation that's happening, and it's establishing user preference, and the user preferences all around the world, like individuals, entities, firms, others, society expresses its will ultimately, and policy responds to the will of society. And so you couldn't put the genie back in the bottle that anyone can stream anything to anyone in the world, even though if you had asked governments in 1998 or whatever, like, do you want anyone to be able to stream to anyone in your country without any restrictions, they'd say, no fucking way, ban it, right? User preferences established. And I do believe that's happened in many mediums on the Internet, and there's section 230, and there's all these sort of things that were codified to basically establish open platforms and the free agency that comes with that in many respects. And it's enshrined in the nature of the Internet protocols themselves and all of this. And I think that's real and I think that's durable. And I think that is now arriving into the financial system, and it's been decades in the works. And that is like the, I think of the Internet as like an organism. It's like the Internet organisms evolving and like we're all just part of that, contributing our ideas and computation and other things. And I think that the organism of the Internet is evolving into adopting a financial system, an Internet financial system. And I think user preference in the world will that, and policy will respond to that preference. That's my belief. And so that's like a very abstract answer to your question, but it's what I actually believe, and that's a great answer. And I think though, however, like, the problems that governments care about still exist, right? People don't want terrorists to be able to freely operate. They want to be able to enforce, have effective enforcement of war powers in times of war, or what are perceived to be extreme national security context, someone who's building a nuclear weapon that might attack you or whatever that is, whatever you decide is that. Likewise, generally, there's a social contract between financial intermediaries and the government that we don't want to just let criminals run over all of our stuff and do whatever they want and launder money. And so that's like a social contract that exists. The mechanisms through which the enforcement of those happen has to evolve. And so my own belief is that crypto has the answers. I actually think like zero knowledge proofs and cryptographic proofs and various forms of credentialing and attestations and other things can actually solve the problems better and preserve openness and privacy. And that's where, again, I have agency I can think about how do I solve these problems? How do we collectively solve these problems and keep pushing on them and pushing on them? Because we're going to solve it much faster than policymakers are. And then it gets established and entrenched and people say, yeah, of course I want a better, more transparent, but also private, secure, open thing that allows commerce to happen more fluidly, allows financial services to be rendered more fairly, equitably globally. I want that. Of course I want that. And policymakers are going to want that too. So we just have to actually think about what are the problems that governments are trying to solve for? And I don't want to solve for the totalitarian, like, I get to see everything and social credit system, I don't want to solve for that. There are governments that want that. I don't want to solve for that. I want to solve for things that are enshrined in more traditionally, classically liberal ideals.
Speaker C: That's great. Well, I will say, Jeremy, I know we're up on time, so we have to wrap. But I think as an industry, we're very lucky to have somebody like you as an advocate, because as much as it gets depressing sometimes, seeing the slings and arrows of regulation hitting our industry, it's folks like you who've been in this, just been grinding for many years, trying to make one particular vision come true that this industry is built on. So kudos to you for your service, and please keep those USCC rails running because we all need them.
Speaker B: They're getting better and better every day.
Speaker C: Glad to hear that, Jeremy. Thanks for coming on.
Speaker B: Thanks, Jeremy.
Speaker C: See everybody next week.
