Speaker A: The implicit in that claim, which I saw many, many times on Twitter of, like, farmers who are very upset that the VC's have what they perceive as being better liquidity terms than they do, which I'm pretty sure is definitely not true, that, like, oh, the VC's are going to dump on retail and that's terrible. And like, how could they do this to us when, like, they're sort of assuming that, well, I'm as a farmer, I should get to dump on retail first before the VC's dump on retail. Right? But like, both people, like, it's sort of implicit in there as like, no, I want to dump on retail, not you. And we're sort of assuming, like, retail is some other person who we're both racing to fuck faster. And I'm like, I just think, like, that's kind of a warped mental model of what we're doing here. Like, if you think that, then, like, why are you farming? Like, why are you doing any of that? Why are you pointing fingers at anyone else? It's sort of like no honor among thieves kind of mindset, not a dividend.
Speaker B: It's a tale of Tuqwan.
Speaker A: Now. Your losses are on someone else's balance sheet.
Speaker C: Generally speaking, airdrops are kind of pointless anyways.
Speaker A: I managed trading firms who were very involved.
Speaker C: I like that.
Speaker B: Eat.
Speaker D: The ultimate Defi protocols are the antidote to this problem.
Speaker A: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the chopping block. Every couple of weeks, the four of us get together and give the industry insiders perspective on the crypto topics of the day. So quick intros. First, you got Tom, the Defi maven and master of memes.
Speaker C: Hello, everyone.
Speaker A: Next we've got Robert, the crypto connoisseur and tsar of Superstate.
Speaker D: Good morning.
Speaker A: Next, we've got Tarun the Giga brain and grand Poobah at Gauntlet, yo. And finally, I'm Haseeb, the head hype man at Dragonfly. We are early stage investors in crypto, but I want to caveat that nothing we say here is investment advice, legal advice, or even life advice. Please see choppingblock XYZ for more disclosures. So, as they say, there are some years where nothing happens and there are weeks where years happens. And this feels like one of those weeks where just so much shit has happened over the last couple of weeks. So we're going to go ahead and jump straight into it because there's been so much content. And we were just before the show started, we were already getting into it. So I want to make sure that we have enough time and bandwidth to talk about everything that's on the docket this week. So the first thing on the week, not even necessarily the biggest story, but probably the one on which we're going to have the most disagreement, let's say, is Eigen Lair. So Eigen layer, I should caveat that. So we are very small investors in eigen layer. I think robot ventures, bigger investors in eigen layer, since you guys invest early. Okay, maybe smallish, relatively, on a relative basis.
Speaker C: Size is not size.
Speaker A: Yeah. Anyway, okay, so everyone here on stage is an eigen layer investor, but to varying degrees. So Eigen layer, they're a restaking protocol on Ethereum, whatever. You don't need to explain what it is. They had $15 billion that were staked through Eigen layer or restaked through Eigen layer from people all around the world. And it was very highly anticipated that there was going to be a massive airdrop from Eigen layer that was teased through their points program. So we got the airdrop, and the Internet was not happy. So now why was the Internet not happy with the airdrop? So the airdrop, in absolute terms, was about 5% of the total token supply. Now, this, in and of itself, was not that far out of market. The declaration was that 15% total is going to be airdropped over multiple seasons. But the reason why people got really upset was a few things. One, a very large combination of both team and investors. So north of 50% of the total supply is owned by team and investors collectively. Second, the tokens are non transferable. So initially, what they said was that we're going to give you the airdrop, but the tokens will become transferable once there's sufficient decentralization. This is perceived as being a kind of regulatory hedging, because, of course, if the tokens are tradable before there is a sufficient decentralization at risk being an unregistered security. The third thing, and this seems to be the thing that has most animated people, is that the airdrop is not claimable from many jurisdictions. So these jurisdictions from which the airdrop is not claimable include, you know, the sanctioned countries, obviously, the United States, Pakistan. I don't know. What are the other places where it's not allowed half the world to claim?
Speaker C: Yeah, half the world, really. It's a crazy. I mean, there's the usual suspects. You know, you're North Korea, your Irans, youre Cuba's. But yeah, they got Pakistan, Myanmar, Laos, Mali, Albania. I don't know what Albania did. They're very nice people in Albania, but they're not. You can't get the airdrop, I'm sorry. Nicaragua, also not on.
Speaker A: Okay, so this is actually. Okay, so I have this list here. USA, Canada, Russia, UK, China and India were all excluded, as well as those who were caught using a VPN. So who's even left in the. Who's not on that list? That's like all the most popular.
Speaker B: Dubai.
Speaker A: Dubai is okay, I guess. Dubai is good. Places in latam, I guess are good if you're not sanctioned. Okay, so that's like kind of insane. And so basically the entire Internet descended on Eigen Lair to basically collectively shame them as well as collectively shame the VC's for being. I get more or less implicitly complicit in this big gigantic clusterfuck that has become the Eigen lair token. So it's gone from being probably the most anticipated token launch of this cycle to now being the kind of public enemy number one of crypto.
Speaker C: I don't know how they came up with this. Looks like Lebanon is also on here. And so some of these are obviously sanctioned countries. And obviously some of them are us. I think there's this current meta after the CFTC settlements with open and zero x to ip block us block VPN's of usage of the actual protocol, which makes sense if you don't want to be serving us users, you block those and obviously sanctioned entities as well, or sanctioned countries as well. But this just feels kind of this hodgepodge of countries that are maybe in some sort of gray area around the world. And it kind of goes back to this point that's been making the rounds on crypto Twitter, which is there's no ip block or VPN block to deposit into Eigen layer, certainly even to the front end. You can't really do it on chain, but I think most people are going through some sort of UI, but now it feels like the door is closing behind you and actually you can't come back and get your points or get your tokens if you're from one of these countries, even though you could use the product and deposit. So in some ways it feels like the opposite of kind of what all these on chain derivatives and protocols are kind of doing.
Speaker A: So, okay, let me maybe represent the pro and con, because there's been a lot of talking heads on Twitter. The common argument against what Eigen Lair did is basically what you just described, Tom, is that you are happy enough to take all of our deposits. The protocol itself doesn't really have a demand side. Yet there aren't avss paying fees to the depositors. So the reason why all this capital was there was you were offering points, everybody could get points. And all this capital was there because you were enticing them with your points program. And now all of a sudden, you kind of flip the script and you say, hey, guess what? Most of you are not getting points. Also. Haha. You're now exit liquidity, quote unquote, or whatever. We've taken advantage of all of the retail investors, or investors, whatever, retail restakers, farmers who are putting their capital into Eigen lair. Okay, so now what's the opposite side? What are the people who are defending Eigen Lair saying? The people who are defending Eigen layer, or maybe just not defending Eigen layer, but defending, like, calming down, are people who are saying, like, hey, this was all free money to begin with. Um, like, you know, nobody lost any money. Everybody who was putting their capital into Eigen lair was getting staking yield. And the people who maybe said, I didn't get enough, I mean, to be clear, a lot of people were complaining they didn't get enough of an airdrop, um, because it was also a linear, uh, reward, meaning that the more stake you had, the more reward you had, and a one to one ratio. Uh, and so if you had a billion dollars in deposits, you got, you know, some billion dollars multiplied by the factor, it was time weighted.
Speaker D: So it was ether times time, either.
Speaker A: Over time plus amount. Right, exactly. Some people are like, well, hey, this benefits the big people. I didn't get much of a yield. And the people who are saying, calm down are like, well, why does this protocol owe you anything? You put your money in this protocol, you didn't lose any money. You were getting the ether staking yield. So calm down. That seems to be the pro side. I should also say, despite the fact that we're investors, none of us were consulted on any of this. We are all tiny investors in Eigen layer and these sorts of things. Generally speaking, you don't talk to anybody about this, including because there are a lot of investors on the Eigen layer cap table who probably had no idea that any of this was happening either. So, Robert, what's your take on the whole Eigen layer debacle?
Speaker D: Yeah, well, I wouldn't say it's a long term debacle. It seems like a short term debacle to me. I think the biggest reason why people feel unhappy on the crypto Twitter is that this was, if there's ever been a points program. This has been the most marquee flagship points program of all time. It's attracted the most capital of any points program in the history of crypto points. And it is probably the barometer that, like others, are going to follow. And there has been a. Some relatively bad behavior in the past with points. Some examples were people feeling misled by how blur seasons kept on extending and extending indefinitely, and they felt like they were getting farmed by the protocol. Eigen layer, in a lot of ways, is the lead horse not only for points in general, but also for AV's and restaking systems in general. And I feel like they had an opportunity to lead by example. And instead, I think a lot of the community feels, as you touched on, somewhat misled in that not only are the terms of the airdrop different from what people expected, people expected that if they were able to participate and get points, then points would equal tokens, not points subject to half the world being blacklisted would become tokens. And secondly, the calculations, yes to your point, seemed a little weird. Even when it was linear. The amount of points that they were dispersing, I believe was not equal to this, although I could be mistaken. But I believe there was also changes in the actual ratio of points to tokens based on participant, based on when they participated. So points were nonlinear in a algebraic way. And I think people just feel like their expectations were let down. And I wouldn't say that no one has lost anything. There's always an opportunity cost to capital. There's always an opportunity cost to staking. There's always an opportunity cost for all those point farmers out there. And so many people were participating in Eigen layer on the expectation that points would become tokens. And there was other places for them to put their ether. There was other protocols that they could have been engaging with. You know, Eigen layer was considered to be, you know, the most ambitious project in a lot of ways, with the most real project, right? Not like some B's, fly by night, you know, copy paste crypto protocol with points. This is probably one of the most unique and ambitious projects in the last couple of years. And so there was just so much positive goodwill going into the points program and through the points program. And I think this just let a lot of people down. It doesn't mean it's not fixable. I think there's a lot of things they can do. No one knows what season two looks like. No one knows how it's going to go. And I just think there's a lingering fear in the air. There's going to be similar to a blur like scenario where season two goes on in perpetuity and people feel like they're getting farmed in perpetuity and they get let down. But I don't necessarily think that's going to be the case. I think there's a lot that can happen between now and when season two ends and the token becomes transferable to excite people all over again. I just think that this was a stumble when it comes to.
Speaker B: Actually, I want to point out one thing, Robert. You had a tweet today, yesterday, yesterday, yesterday, that was. That basically said, you know, the points era is over. What comes next? So I feel like. I think we're obligated to ask you what comes next, in your opinion.
Speaker D: Well, I don't know what comes next.
Speaker A: Do you think that's because of Eigen Lair? Do you think Eigen Lair ended the points era?
Speaker D: Well, I think I'm saying this because for a few reasons, there's actually a lot baked into that tweet. And I'm, like, sort of making a couple of statements all at once. So, one is the actual Eigen layer points ending. Second is the systems built on top of Eigen layer, including your renzos, which disclosure robot ventures is a small investor in, and other protocols points converting to tokens. Eigen layer was this base point system, which so much of DeFi was built around. There was all of the pendulums. There was all of the derivative protocols. Everything was built on Eigen layer points. And with the culmination of Eigen layer points, it's not just the culmination of Eigen layers points, but it's also, I think, in a lot of ways, the end of so many other economic systems that are adjacent to it and their points. And I don't think that Eigen layers points program is ending in a way that's going to inspire a lot of excitement for other projects. I think, you know, the next team that launches a points program is going to be met with a lot of skepticism. And so, in a lot of ways, I think, like, the golden era of points is 100% over. I don't think the sort of meta of points will be the same. And I do think that teams are going to have to iterate on this significantly to get the same.
Speaker A: I will take the other side of this. I will take the other side of this. It sounds like you are building in a very high learning rate into crypto retail, which I think is like just a terrible mental model. I think right now, the market is a little exhausted. I think that people are looking for reasons to be a little upset as well. It's a testy moment for them to also have launched their token. Somebody mentioned that if ETH was at six k, I don't think that people would be nearly this mad about the Eigen lair airdrop. But I agree with you. I think we're going to take a sack. People are going to reload. But I think if we see market momentum picking back up again, I think it's right back on. It was like, you could have thought that with Starkware, right? Starkware was also a kind of disaster of a launch, and then no one's even talking about it anymore. I mean, except to compare it to Eigen layer of like, oh, which was worse.
Speaker B: Well, I think people keep making all the, starkware has eight users memes, and Starkware has themselves leaned into it and made marketing about how they have only eight users. So I think I would say it probably was still a net negative, because people still, if you look at the Eigen layer stuff, a lot of the critiques on Twitter just reference starkware critiques. That is starkware staff calling all the airdrop farmers e beggars. You see that represented in the reference to, that represented, they're used as this thing that everyone compares to for the worst case points. Just from looking at my view of crypto, Twitter is the starkware thing kept getting referenced nonstop.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: So I think, like, I don't think it's actually as not. They disappeared, as you were saying.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think in some ways, it's like the Eigen layer expectations kind of mirror actually what's happening with, with ETH staking, where it's kind of, like you said, people view it as free money. And the problem is that, like, there's diminishing marginal utility at a certain point of adding more capital or adding more stakers, and so it reduces the yield forever. Like, I don't think you need $15 billion to secure something that is going to have a number of ABS's when they get started. But people view it as free money, so they keep piling more in, and that dilutes the returns for everyone else. And so similar with ETH staking right now, everyone's just like, yeah, why wouldn't I be staking? Let's go stake. And it's risk free, and I'm earning 3%, and then it's two and a half percent, and then it's going to be 2%. And, like, the ETH foundation I think has been also pretty clear about the fact that they, they don't want this meta of everyone staking all the ETH being staked, because it should be something that you actively choose to participate in, and there should be maybe some real risk or work involved. And I think that's been maybe the other part of sort of the points meta that I think is kind of coming to an end of. This is all free money. I don't do anything. I don't have to risk anything. I go and I show up and I do a little thing, and I get an airdrop versus what it's supposed to be, which is compensating you for the value that you're providing to a network or a protocol or system to get off the ground for the opportunity cost of your capital and your time and your work to go and do it. And so I think hopefully there's just more normalization and kind of more calculus that goes into where should people's capital be placed? How much should teams actually be compensating people for? It just feels like right now, it's just way too on one end of the spectrum.
Speaker A: Okay, maybe I'll capitulate a little bit, and I'll say this might be the peak of the points era, but I don't think it's the end of the points era. Right. In the same way that sort of eos was like the peak of the ICO bubble, but it was not the end of the ICO bubble. Right. Actually, there were a ton more icos after eos.
Speaker D: I mean, so not a ton of successful, large icos. I mean, it was the death now, right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: There was still like $100 billion icos after that.
Speaker B: Everything moved private after that.
Speaker D: Yeah. There will still be points programs in the next couple of weeks, in the next couple of months, maybe the next couple of years, but those points programs are going to be nowhere close to as successful as what we've seen so far. That's my prediction.
Speaker A: Right. But also successful in a narrow sense. Right. Like, I mean, they had $15 billion of stake ETH in there, but that $15 billion, I mean, we're talking about the opportunity cost of capital. Right. The reality is that the opportunity cost on that staked ETH is extremely low. It's staked. It's already staked. Right. What else can you do with it? Like, the reality is that there aren't a lot of other places where you can get yield. There was blast. It was basically blast. And then there was Eigen Lair, and there weren't a lot of other places that were giving you yield. That's part of the reason why they were able to attract so much capital.
Speaker B: So maybe if we call this the peak of the PTR, how do you think blast will do upon conversion? Because now they're kind of the sitting chicken. They're kind of the last one.
Speaker A: There was a very good meme that showed, I think it was ZK sync and layer zero. Just like hiding behind. Hiding in a hallway, like watching Eigen Lair getting beaten up by people. So, yeah, I do think any project that's looking at this is just kind of sweating bullets right now of, oh, shit, I'm next. And if I make one wrong move, I'm just going to get crucified in the town square for not being community oriented enough or not being decentralized enough. It is a very. Let me actually take it in a slightly different direction, because a lot of the animus that I saw, obviously people were mad. Eigen lair blocking. You took my money, quote, unquote, whatever. Everyone got all their money back. Nobody lost money, but you were willing to take my capital, which, of course, the other thing that's weird about is that the capital wasn't doing anything. There's no slashing in eigen layer. There's no AVX.
Speaker D: It wasn't real economic.
Speaker A: Right. It was like, put your money in this box and then I'll give you points.
Speaker D: The SPF box.
Speaker A: Yeah, little. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, look, there's smart contract risk. There's, you know, whatever. Put money in a box.
Speaker B: I think in Pendle and gearbox, you are taking real risk. But.
Speaker A: Yeah, but not telling people, go put your money into.
Speaker B: Yeah, but I'm just saying, like, if you looked at the distribution of where people are putting capital, the sheer amount.
Speaker A: That went into that, on them. Right? That's not on. That's not.
Speaker B: Well, I think that also impacts these. These users have. Right, because they're like, totally, totally. They're sort of re hypothecating, making the total amount used look bigger. And in the process, they expect their size to be proportion. You know, like, they expect some proportion relative to the amount of risk and leverage.
Speaker A: I understand that. Right.
Speaker B: I'm not saying. But that's not. Eigen layers responsibility, to your point. I'm just saying that this is why I think there's this communal, like, anger and why people were initially freaking out and being like, oh, Pendle didn't get as much as everything else. And then, of course, like, the pendle market is this beautiful. Like the interest rate went down 50%. It came back up almost completely reverse in 2 hours. Once people, you know, read the docs and the foundation put out a tweet, it was actually beautiful. If you watch that, the pendle.
Speaker A: Right. So, okay, I want to take this in a slightly different direction because, you know, look, clearly, eigen layer team fucked up. They did not read the room very effectively. And we should also maybe talk about the intersubjective staking stuff. But I dont know if were going to have time today, honestly, because theres just so much there that I dont think were going to have capacity to get to it. But the thing that I want to talk about that also felt like a big part of the story was not just the mechanics of the airdrop and who got blocked and blah, blah, blah, but a lot of the story was fuck VC's. And this kind of feels like I was telling Tarun this, that this feels like the worst cycle to be a VC, where it's just like, I. You know, even though like, yes, these are all VC projects and, you know, I'm sure, I'm sure there's going to be markups for a bunch of this stuff as it's coming out. And. And the other thing, like, I don't really even know that well, how is Eigen going to do? Right? I think it's listed on Evo, I believe. What is it trading on. On Avo for the future?
Speaker B: Yeah, it's like eleven or ten to $12 per.
Speaker A: Yeah. So ten to 12 billion fully diluted valuation. That's implied there.
Speaker B: No, I think it's higher. It's 16 because it's 1.67 billion tokens. So it's like, oh, I see, closer to 16 to 20.
Speaker A: Okay, so right now it is still trending, even with all of this. The market's still pricing that this thing is at 16 to 20 billion. So two things that I want to.
Speaker B: I mean, to be fair though, these pre, pre launch markets are very liquid. So I.
Speaker A: Of course, of course there's not a lot, but they are relatively indicative.
Speaker D: Yes, they are relatively accurate. They're not by an order of magnitude. They're off by like 30%.
Speaker A: Yeah, I've been very impressed at how accurate they've been thus far. Yeah.
Speaker B: Right now, day one, nine, eight.
Speaker A: The day one price.
Speaker B: Give you a.
Speaker A: Okay, Tom, so you historically have been on the side of airdrops. Don't matter. This is all like a news story that will go away in like 48 hours. These people are not your users, they're fucking farmers. They're, you know, when you're actually building your product, these people will go away anyway, and they won't be there for you. So what is your take on this whole situation with eigenlar? Do you stand by that? Do you say, like, whatever, who cares? Doesn't matter? Or do you say, look, they fucked up?
Speaker C: Yeah, I think the whole, like, points, airdrop farming sort of blob has really. People are conflating all of these things. I think when we talk about points and retroactive airdrops, it's really just liquidity mining. It's liquidity mining with some editorial tweaks to make it work. It's very different than, again, like a uni style airdrop, where it's literally just, hey, here's a thank you to the community. It's not directly proportional to how much you provided. We're not trying to explicitly bootstrap this thing isn't teased. It's a very different kind of thing. And I think ultimately, I was making this point for a presentation recently, is like, if you look at some of the most reviled airdrops in history, Paraswap always sort of comes to mind as, like, the one everyone hated. They were really aggressive filtering. They're still doing pretty fine. I think they're like, 5% of Dex volume is going through Paraswap. It's not great, but I don't think the airdrop necessarily hurt or help.
Speaker B: Nokkin has ever, ever recovered that. No, definitely tons of usage for sure.
Speaker C: But I don't think a great airdrop would have saved the product. Similarly, a terrible airdrop, I don't think, stopped them from being successful. It's ultimately about the product itself. I don't think this is going to stop. I think, obviously, using tokens as a way to bootstrap a network, bootstrap a market, it's one of the key killer apps of crypto. And the thing that makes a lot of these products work, there's going to be iterations and tweets on that the same way points were a tweak on the original model of liquidity mining. But that concept isn't going to go away. I agree that airdrops still remain pointless and tangential to the actual success of the product, but that doesn't mean that, like, hey, you can't do liquidity mining, or you shouldn't have a token or something like that. It just feels kind of orthogonal. It's like a moment in time, and ultimately you have a marathon to run in building a successful product.
Speaker A: So you feel like this was a brand marketing moment. They fucked it up, but whatever, you can recover from that.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think the only thing that they would have fucked up is, I think, if they did nothing. And maybe going back to my point is maybe they overly incentivize too much security sort of start. I think this is also kind of the issue with blur. In season one, it was basically too much of a maker rebate. You had crossed spreads, which then caused wash trading, caused market inefficiencies. It's like an over subsidy of the market. That's kind of what we're seeing with Eigen layer right now. But ultimately, the product still has to be successful. They've bootstrapped this sort of security budget to help these Avss get online. It's just, hey, we're slightly miscalibrated on, you know, how much we should actually be compensating these people for.
Speaker A: Yeah, that is one of the things that I take away from all these is that in the moment, like, we talked about this with starkware, like, when the Internet is mad, it's, like, fucking crazy, right? Like, your brain is just designed to just be in abject fear when something like this is happening. And it's hard not to feel that this is, like, basically a near death experience for a project. And in reality, it seldom is. I mean, Paraswap is one example, but Paraswap was actually never really that successful in absolute terms anyway. And you look at Starkware like, yeah, people now joke around about, oh, starkware was a terrible airdrop. But the primary thing with starkware is not the airdrop. The primary thing is, okay, are there users? Are there applications? Are there things to do? And whether or not your airdrop is good, these farmers are not users. They don't use products. They are not people who are hanging out on chain.
Speaker B: One thing that you do need to be careful of, and I think a lot of the teams that have been in this position are now cognizant of, but, you know, maybe in 2021 was less true, is by having an unsuccessful, in some metrics, airdrop, you're very likely to encourage, like, vampire attacks and sort of competitive pressure, where people say, we're going to do a more fair one, we're going to do a better one. And it's just like you do.
Speaker A: On what basis do you say that that attracts people to do vampire attacks? I mean, vampire attacks are incredibly rare.
Speaker B: I mean, Eigen Lair is, because it was so big, is the recipient of at least one possibly two right now, right? Like where there are people explicitly trying to court people pissed off about the points decision. And so I think you have to be a little bit of careful. Right. Like this was sort of the Uniswap sushi swap thing, right, but do you do.
Speaker A: Okay, but do you really think that, okay, there's gonna be a season two, there's 10% of the token supplies set aside for the season two. Eigen layer points translate into tokens. FTV is gonna be.
Speaker B: I think the transfer ability is the thing you have to be a bit careful of. Right? That's where you're opening yourself up for that. For the other.
Speaker A: Yeah, fine. So somebody might go be faster, looser, somebody might just straight liquidity mine and not even have points. Right. They might just say, look, here's token, get token, fuck the points intermediary. But like, at the end of the day, I don't think these people are competing on TVL. It seems to me like the wrong theory of the case that Eigen Lair versus like the Eigen layer competitor is a TVL battle, right. That feels like it's sort of a fireworks show to show people, wow, we have 15 billion in staked eth when like there's no slashing, there's very few abs's. Like a lot of stuff is like not fully online yet. Like right now. It's like a big headline number that everyone is excited about and some people are mad about. I don't know, I mean. Okay, so I want to go back to the VC thing. Cause I feel like this is where I'm seeing a lot of sub tweeting. And like many people seem to believe that VC's are kind of complicit in whatever happened here with Eigen layer. And obviously we are not lead investors in Eigen layer. So none of us particularly did this. But we also have our own portfolio companies that we are more involved with that have done points programs and do this kind of thing. What is your guys take on the pitchfork torches coming out for the VC's in the cycle?
Speaker B: All I have to say is, my impression of this is Haseeb is very sensitive to the alignment addons like zero x balloon lover and trying to play who, by the way, in people's minds relative to audience size. But honestly, you know, very scathingly true and oftentimes insightful point, but I see it everywhere, right?
Speaker A: You see the traders are saying it. You see like, you know, the traders.
Speaker B: Are usually very influencers. Crypto traders I don't feel are very honest right. They'll like change their mind in 2 seconds and send you a ref link for something that they were shitting a week ago. Right. These anons, not only do they have inside information in the sense of like, they clearly know things that are very non public, but they're also very curt and direct in the way that I don't think the traders are maybe either too focused on chasing yield or like looking for the next token to even bother having that level of honesty in their discussion.
Speaker A: Tom, what's your take on the anti vc sentiment?
Speaker C: Well, as someone who's slightly biased, I think this is Kobe's whole thing with Echo, which is his angelist on chain crowdfunding platform, which I agree with, which is most VC's are not super helpful. They supply capital and in some ways they're very, um, you know, vampiric to their uh, the project they invest in. They want to have a super short lockup and then just kind of dump. They're almost kind of like um, you know, a caricature of kind of the evil VC that people on crypto Twitter sort of imagine. And I think in practice, you know, the, the sort of name brand VC's that people think of that are investing in Eigen layer actually are very helpful when it comes to everything that goes, is involved in running these, these kinds of companies. And the other thing is, they also have very long vesting cycles for most of these tokens. You're looking at three to four years until you're fully invested. To put that in context, if you did an investment back in January 2021 when Opensea was just becoming a thing and nfts were just booming again, you still would not be fully vested. I think there's this sort of like image in people's mind that they like to get mad at. This sort of fake image of there's TGE, all the VC's dump on retail and they walk away with big bags of cash and like, that is very not accurate. I do think there is a real concern around VC concentration and ownership of some of these protocols and some of these tokens. But I think that's very different than the dynamics around price action and sort of short term airdrop dynamics.
Speaker D: I think in the Eigen layer case specifically, some of the arguments about the terms appeared more heated than I think the reality suggests should be the case. For example, because of the non transferability of the token, combined with the fact that people on crypto Twitter read the terms as being, oh, VC's are fully vested in three years, nobody was sure if that started when the token was first created or when it first unlocked. And a lot of the chatter online was, I believe, incorrectly of the opinion that that three year counter started when the token was released at the token generation event, not the transferability of the token. And so a lot of people on crypto Twitter thought the VC's were evil in this case because they said, oh, well, the VC's are going to be fully vested in three years. They're just going to stall transferability for as long as they possibly can, if not for a year, until the VC's hit their cliff. So that when the token is transferable, they're going to be liquid and they're going to be dumping on retail and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And I think that was where a lot of the animosity came from. Was this like trying to interpret the different timelines combined with the non transferability of token? I don't think the reality is going to be like that, but I think that's where some of this heat came from.
Speaker A: What's ironic to me is that the implicit in the claim, and I agree with you, actually, I don't even know what the vesting terms are on eigen lair when the vesting timeline starts, but.
Speaker D: I actually don't know either. By the way. I feel like there's been strong arguments on both. And I don't actually know.
Speaker A: Yeah, we actually don't know. But the, the implicit in that claim, which I saw many, many times on Twitter of farmers who are very upset that the VC's have what they perceive as being better liquidity terms than they do, which I'm pretty sure is definitely not true, that like, oh, the VC's are going to dump on retail and that's terrible. And how could they do this to us when they're sort of assuming that, well, as a farmer, I should get to dump on retail first before the VC's dump on retail. Right? Both people like, it's sort of implicit in that. It's like, no, I want to dump on retail, not you. And we're sort of assuming like, retail is some other person who we're both racing to fuck faster. And I'm like, I just think, like, that's kind of a warped mental model of what we're doing here. Like, if you think that, then like, why are you farming? Like, why are you doing any of that? Why are you pointing fingers at anyone else? It's sort of like no honor among thieves kind of mindset about what you're doing. Like, what Eigen Lair even is like the VC's who invest into Eigen layer do so because they believe that Eigen layer will be worth something at the end of their vesting period, which is years in the future. Right? Like people invest in Eigen layer. Like the seed round of Eigen layer was years ago, before anybody was farming it.
Speaker B: I believe. I believe like December because we invested in that. And I was.
Speaker D: Yeah, no, it was before people even really knew us included. Like what Eigen layer would become. You know, it was.
Speaker A: Right. The restaking term was not even coined at that time. Yeah, like Eigenlord was doing something totally different at the time that you guys invested. So like the idea that, okay, well, the VC's are locked in this tug of war to dump on retail faster than you. Like that's just not how VC's think about it. Like maybe some chinese pump and dump fund is thinking that way, but like the funds that have long term lockups and are backing real, you know, computer scientist types like Sriram, you know, like think things like, you know, avalanche or, you know, optimism or solana. These are long term games and people are trying to like pick the thing that they think will long term matter. Because if it doesn't, by the way, dump on anyone.
Speaker B: I will say one interesting thing. And I think there's like this cultural divide here, which, you know, every time I go to like Dubai or Singapore, I just. I'm constantly reminded of, which is that everyone in Asia and the Middle east definitely thinks of it as the, like who's the last one to sell type of game. And 100% they have no clue what the technology is even for. They're just kind of like, it's like pure. It's just slot machine, the meme coin. Whereas like people in the US, almost to a fault, assume that there's no, there's not that many people like that, right? Like they must all actually read the white paper. And it's like, that's not true, that's true.
Speaker A: That's true. Reality is somewhere in the middle.
Speaker C: Yeah. Going back to Coby's point, there are a lot of shitty vc's out there. Pay attention to what's happening on secondary's desks so they'll sort of tell you, hey, here's what people are buying and selling. And I saw something yesterday that kind of brought this image to mind. Renzo, the liquid restaking protocol on top of Eigen layer launched their token on Monday. Or was it today? Okay, it was today. So not even 24 hours later I saw an offer come through, someone selling Renzo at a 50% discount to spot and it kind of reminding of like praying mantises, you know, after they're done mating, the, the females bites the male's head off and throws the body away. I'm kind of getting that kind of vibe from the, you know, early vc just, you know, 3 hours after launch and dumping this token, getting the fuck out. Yeah, I'm, hopefully we see less of this.
Speaker D: Well, here's the thing, I don't think we're gonna see less of this. I think if you look at trad five, okay, this is how ipos work as well. It's entirely a structured game of who's allowed to dump when, okay, like the entire structure, how every company goes public on the New York Stock Exchange and on the Nasdaq is like, oh, the IPO buyers have a six month exclusivity window to sell and then the day after that everyone can dump, right. And they literally go into very specific legal structures to come up with almost a prioritization of trading to favor the most final round of investors, which is the public investors first. I actually think theres going to be probably more experimentation with this. Its amazing how few structures weve seen in crypto around liquidity and lockups and how does it work and whats fair and whats unfair, what are the incentives and how are they aligned. Like, the one thing I'll say is.
Speaker A: That like, but we, we do effectively have that though, right? Like the airdrop farmers are the first to unlock. Like, the VC's don't unlock until everybody who's bought it on binance has a year to keep trading it.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think, I think a fact of life that like, I think a lot of the louder people on crypto don't realize is that in traditional finance and capital formation for normal businesses, the same stuff happens. It's just actually extremely more non transparent. You don't get the pie chart, even if the pie chart is messed up, as we saw.
Speaker D: Oh, that pie chart.
Speaker A: Chart. Okay, all right, we're going to ignore the pie chart. There's too much to talk about. Okay, speaking of projects and bad things happening, we should talk about the ionet drama. So I. O.net is a Solana based deep end project that tries to create a decentralized marketplace for GPU's. They've claimed at various times that they have hundreds of thousands of GPU's, tens of thousands of GPU's. Different numbers have been thrown around at different times. Okay, so the main character. The protagonist in the story, believe it or not, is Martin Shkreli. You might remember Martin Shkreli from several years ago when he was known as Pharmabro, a very famous pharmaceutical entrepreneur who cornered the market on some pharmaceutical called Daraprim, raised the prices by a lot, became, quote unquote, the most hated man in America. Eventually was sentenced to prison for security fraud that was actually unrelated to any of the Daraprim stuff. Eventually got out of prison and became a just general kind of Internet influencer man about town person. So Martin Shkreli was actually an early user of ionet. Ionet is. Ionet is sort of pre token, but it is launched so you can go on the network and use the GPU's, rent them and start using them. So Martin Shkreli started tweeting on April 24 about a week ago, saying, hey, I would avoid the ionet token. Seems kind of shady. There's a 2 billion plus market cap for no reason. These H 100s, which are a high end Nvidia GPU, cost? 330 an hour. They're far cheaper elsewhere. No one has articulated why this thing needs a token. Okay, so then April 27, a few days later, there was an incident on ionet where basically there was some kind of. It was discovered that they were spoofing huge amounts of GPU's on the network. Supposedly this network had hundreds of thousands of GPU's. In reality, it turned out many of these GPU's were fake. Ionet launched an upgrade to require the GPU's to implement some kind of proof of work, in addition to the normal heartbeat, to prove that these GPU's are actually GPU's. But shipping the software upgrade caused a huge amount of GPU's to go offline, presumably because a lot of them were fake, or because they couldn't, like, upgrade their software in order to actually implement this proof of work system. Then there was like some other breach where like, they had to implement Okta or something. I don't know. A lot. A lot of stuff happened that kind of made everything very convoluted and fuzzy. Then starting the day after this, Martin Shkreli goes on the offensive. He starts going on ionet, which claims that it has 10,000 plus GPU's, and then tries to actually just go on the network and try to rent a GPU, just a single GPU, and it turns out he cannot rent any GPU's. He basically goes on a tirade the entire day showing that it is impossible to rent any GPU. From this marketplace that claims to have 10,000 plus GPU's. And then when he does rent a GPU, he shows that the GPU was falsely labeled as being an a 100, when in fact, it was like some other much lower end GPU. Uh, that was not the thing on the tin.
Speaker C: There was one of my favorite interactions here was Shkreli in the midst of this tweet storm. You talking in my head, there's no GPU's to rent. And the. The founder of Ionet was like, oh, really? And you're trying to sort of contradict him and posts these two photos, one of which was a rack full of, like, apple M one studios, which is like nothing, not a GPU that people were renting. And the other picture was a picture of it, like a single gaming PC. It was like a single gaming PC with, like, a 3090 in it and some, like, rgb lighting.
Speaker A: This was not the founder. This is not the founder. This is not the founder. This was a community ambassador. This is a community ambassador for ion.
Speaker C: It was deleted afterwards, but it was good.
Speaker A: So anyway, this became just a complete debacle where the team, for the better part of the day, was ignoring this, assuming that, okay, it's probably better if we just let him talk in the void and go away. And it sort of got bigger and bigger over the course. I think it was like Saturday or Sunday that this started. And pretty soon everybody was just watching this dumpster fire of this guy eviscerating probably one of the most hyped crypto AI projects out there. I mean, this token has been projected to launch on Binance. People tell me it's going to come out at four to 5 billion ftv. And basically the only person who's, like, on the Internet actually trying to use it is Martin Shkreli, who then just goes on to demolish it in public. He basically trawls up as well a bunch of information saying that the founder shadid something, something was involved in a bunch of scams in the arabic speaking community, but there's not a lot of english translated stuff. Martin Shkreli was literally going out there translating these arabic articles and posting them piece by piece on Twitter. They're just absolutely insane. Weekend.
Speaker B: I will add one personal, which is that token 2049.
Speaker A: Oh, dude. Yes.
Speaker B: I had a panel with Ilya from Nier, so author of the Transformers article, the founder of Sahara, who is a professor at USC, and the Ioneta founder. And I gotta say, the. The difference in ability to answer the questions that were asked was quite large. That's. That's what I would say. Like, if you watch that video, which is probably online somewhere, you can just see like the engineering answer, you get the theory answer and then you get the kind of like, what is that, the booster answer?
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. So apparently by the end of this tirade that Shrelli went on, he announced that a bunch of the investors in Ionet are now very unhappy and trying to undo their investments, as well as apparently the binance listing supposedly got pulled on the basis of all the stuff that Shkreli started just posting online. And Shkreli now seems like he's on the warpath. He basically has declared war on Ionet and will do everything he can to destroy them, almost seemingly on principle, that a project this egregious is going to be trading at this high of a valuation. So he was like, several times he said, look, if you guys were just going to try to trade at 50 million and paint yourself as a startup, I would be like, oh yeah, cool, you guys have some bugs, but trying to come out and dump this on retail at 4 billion, I have to stop you. I don't know, this kind of seems like a weird redemption arc for Shkreli. I'm super here for it because I'm like, we need more people to just go and use products and describe how broken they are. I know. I feel like a lot of stuff in crypto would get corrected overnight if that just happened a lot more.
Speaker D: Yes. But that's why not to go full circle back to some of these points programs, when all it is is stake and asset get point. There's nothing that can go wrong when a project is trying to incorrectly, or through fraud or whatever, say, oh, we have this super high tech thing, it's magical. That doesn't really exist. That's where people run into problems. I think that's one of the reasons why the meta has shifted into just points and meme coins for the most part, in that not much can go wrong if all you're promising are points and meme coins.
Speaker A: Yeah, look, I've been fairly skeptical of the decentralized GPU marketplace story for a while. Not because I think it's not possible. Obviously, it's possible in principle, but it's just you end up basically becoming a tier 0.5 data center. I think there's quality GPU.
Speaker B: There's also a verifiability problem because it's very easy to fake that my driver looks like some particular thing, and then I'm actually using a lower power, cheaper device and giving you random numbers.
Speaker A: This is like the two chipmunks in a trench code problem which like, you know, how do you actually verify this is a real GPU without some kind of trust? And the answer is like, well this is not a theoretical problem, apparently. This is literally what happened to Ionet a week ago is they realized they're quote unquote 700,000 GPU's were a bunch of.
Speaker B: Shkreli was also gaming, like gaming. One of their uis claimed they had more gpu's than AWS had h 100s or something. It was like something crazy.
Speaker C: Yeah, 1.7 million GPU's, right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Oh, there was a, okay, I see.
Speaker C: Yeah, they claimed 1.7 million GPU's, which is more than AWS, Google Azure and meta combined. So.
Speaker A: I think this one.
Speaker B: Okay, by the way, this is, I think inherently a problem with a lot of the deep end decentralized physical infrastructure networks is like the Sybil resistance is very hard because you kind of need like some physical device analog, analog Sibyl resistance to prove that you're not faking either the same physical thing 20 times in different places or you're not faking identity of a thing as in claiming it can do so much compute but it actually can't and instead you just fill in random numbers. Both of those problems are very hard. I feel like there were lots of, they've always been a ton of startups in every hype cycle in crypto where that want to do that. I think the, there are ways of doing it. The thing is they'll.
Speaker A: What are the ways of doing it?
Speaker B: Well, one thing is like you can constantly keep doing challenges, right? So it's like as. Yeah, yeah, exactly. But the problem with that is like.
Speaker A: That doesn't prove the hardware, right. It just proves that you're willing to do this amount of proof of work.
Speaker B: Well you can, you can have some type of challenge which you know, for it, for GPU, imagine that you have, you know, the newest architecture and the previous architecture and you know that for some benchmark there's a gap of certain size. Now their proof of work is they have to run that, you know, that.
Speaker A: Benchmark multiple, but you've got network latency, you've got jitter, you've got all this stuff.
Speaker B: I'm not saying, I'm not saying it's perfect, but, but then, then to increase your probability to know that that's true, you have to do more challenges. But the more challenges you do, the worse their work quality is because they're spending more time doing.
Speaker A: They're doing other shit. Yeah, right. And that it feels like, it feels so easy to game. Right. The moment you get a challenge, you're like, oh, turn on the actual a 100 and like go rent it just in time from AWS and then feed the challenge and then go back to like using your gaming GPU.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's definitely like a very hard thing. I think, like there, there, you know, there are, like I said, I think there for some small applications closer to this helium type of thing, you can find like proof of bandwidth. Like, it's very hard to fake that you're actually like sending packets in a certain direction and certain latency distributions. But it feels to me a little like it's a gesso story that these networks are so easy to bootstrap and then suddenly have $4 billion ftvs.
Speaker C: I mean, even helium ran into this, right? There are people, GPU or GPS spoofing helium to move into vacant areas and sort of farm more. And so it's like, yeah, maybe functionally it works and you can relay data, but that doesn't mean you are physically in the place that you.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, forget about crypto networks. This happens all the time in like Uber and Doordash and stuff where like drivers will spoof their gps. And so it's like, I think like that problem hasn't been solved. I think it. And people have to realize that when they are investing in these things is that they, they're not going to have the same guarantees that you think you're getting from a normal blockchain.
Speaker A: I think what you basically need is trusted hardware. And the newest generation of GPU's do have trusted execution environments in the GPU's. But once you have that, you kind of don't need the blockchain anyway. Then it's like, okay, just have a cloud provider, have GPU's with Tes and then game over. That's it. You don't need a decentralized network anymore because you can guarantee the privacy, you can guarantee the verifiability. You get all that more or less for free by making the same assumptions about, about the hardware. Um, so anyway, uh, kind of ridiculous, but um, you know, another part in the, or sort of another quiver in the arrow of people who say, uh, VC's ain't shit. Um, so, you know, although luckily we were not investors on the cap table, but there were some pretty notable investors who were, um, a part of Ionet.
Speaker B: So, um, look, so, so I will say as a one final thing is, like, we're investors in some centralized companies that do GPU stuff, and those are actually great businesses. They're actually. They can have, like, hundreds of millions of dollars of revenue. And the centralized ones don't have all these problems of, like, I have to care about the spoofing. They're kind of, like, running. They're getting data centers to run these things and signing contracts and stuff. So it's not that the business model isn't wrong, it's just that they're, like, shoving a token in it and, like, hoping that you can verify part is the part that doesn't make sense.
Speaker A: Well, I think it's not getting the economy of scale and not doing the quality control. Right. Like, data centers. The amount of money that data centers make is directly proportional to their quality. Yeah. A low quality data center is a low margin business. High quality data center. High margin business. Yeah.
Speaker D: It's designed to be centralized and specialized. Right. And high quality, like, that's like, what makes the product itself good. Like, as you take away any of those legs of the stool, the product gets bad.
Speaker B: Everything is about performance in AI. It's not necessarily about verifiability at this point. So it's like, you're not willing to spend that much of a cost for that feature. So it doesn't quite make sense to me.
Speaker A: Yeah. Cool. Okay, so let's move on. Cz. Cz's trial has not. His trial, sorry. His sentencing has just concluded. So if you recall, CZ, founder of Binance, settled $4 billion with the DOJ and CFTC for charges about money laundering and, you know, AML sanctions violations, all that stuff. His sentencing just took place today. I think there was a betting market that guessed that he was going to be roughly on the order of six months to a year. Turned out the judge gave him four months, so, very far cry from SBF. SBF, you recall, was sentenced to 25 years. Looks like CZ is going to be out basically by end of year. Presumably if he starts his sentence soon, he's going to a minimum security prison in the Seattle area. And from everything I've read, it should be pretty chill. Apparently, he had 160 letters that were sent for his sentencing hearing that were just glowing things about how he's a great guy. He's done a lot of philanthropy, like real philanthropy, donating to build schools.
Speaker D: Not effective altruism.
Speaker A: Okay, well, effective nevertheless, but, yeah, not effective altruism. And apparently he, like, you know, drives some kind of Honda minivan and like, he lives. He doesn't live very sumptuously. He doesn't have fancy watches. So, ironically, Cz was actually more SPF than SPF was painted as being. But, like, if you read the. If you read the stuff that they talk about, and they're like, yeah, he lives very, very simply. And if you just saw him, you just think, like, he's some nerd dad. So. Although, you know, he flies a lot, but besides that, like, he doesn't really spend a lot of money. And, yeah, it was actually very heartwarming to see the reactions of people that, like, hey, okay, he admitted that he did wrong. And obviously, the industry was in a very different place at the time, that CZ was basically operating in a pure Wild west environment, but he owned up to it, faced the music, paid the biggest fine in history, and will be the richest person ever to be imprisoned in the US. So. Thoughts?
Speaker D: Well, you scooped the really good fact I was going to drop, which is that he's the richest person to ever be imprisoned in the US.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker D: But I do think very clearly, it's a tale of two founders. I mean, SBF was hated because he truly wrecked the lives of so many people. And almost everybody in the public thought that 25 years. I mean, this is all debatable, and we're just rehashing the past. But so many people were furious that 25 years wasn't enough for the harm that SBF caused. And the reaction to CZ is 180 degrees opposite of SPF. In fact, most of the Internet has been hoping that he gets, you know, zero that was home in confinement or, like, probation or whatever, right? Like, he had so many people rooting for him, versus SBF, which almost everyone was rooting against him. And so, you know, I do think it's a function just of. In a lot of ways, you know, harm done, influencing public sentiment. But the public sentiment around CZ, it couldn't be more different than SPF.
Speaker B: And so, well, I mean, SPF didn't have anyone who came. He had so few people who came to sentencing to even write, say something nice about him. Right?
Speaker D: Like, yeah, SBF was pure evil. I mean, CZ was not. CZ obviously moved really fast and cut a lot of corners in pursuit of building a big business. Right? It's like, in a lot of ways, the CZ story is extremely similar to, like, the uber story, in that uber broke the law, like, all over the place to build Uber. Like, Travis cut a lot of corners, right? And that was the only way to get to scale as fast as he did, CZ cut a lot of corners, getting to scale as fast as he did. He was way more permissive and facilitating with, like, you know, AML than he should have been in a regulated world. And he cut a lot of corners. And if he didn't, binance would not be where it is today. Like, realistically. And, you know, there's a spectrum of, like, the startups that cut corners and achieve crazy scale. Like, I view it way more like Uber than I do SBF, which is way more like Bernie Madoff, you know?
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, in some ways, it is a procedural violation of a somewhat more recent regulatory regime that is very us specific versus. Yeah, stealing retail investors money. I think even the numbers that the DOJ trotted out in sentencing were, like, not very impressive. They were like, a million dollars, $1.1 million from Iran was traded on binance. It's like, okay, sure, maybe that happens. I'm sure most large banks probably have a larger number of that given kind of the historical.
Speaker D: And no bank executives are ever, ever, ever, ever charged.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think there's also, obviously, the other big sort of BSA violation case in my mind is BitMex, and all those founders got probation. And so I don't quite know why. Maybe the answer is, hey, that was 2020. This was still going on through, I think, 2021, 2022. And so maybe there should have been more awareness of what the laws or what the compliance requirements are. Maybe Pisces, I don't know, less sympathetic a character. I don't quite know what the reasoning is as to why he's receiving, maybe the scale receiving prison when the BitMix founders got probation. But in the grand scheme of things, four months in minimum security prison is not too bad for one of the.
Speaker D: Richest people in the world.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, I would argue that the scale of binance's violations were definitely bigger than BitMex's, right? I mean, BitMex, it's like, oh, you know, blah, blah, blah, bribe regulators of the crocodile. And we were not kycing, but there's nothing in there about, you know, sanctions and Hamas and russian terrorist groups and blah, blah, blah. The scale of the damage that Binance facilitated through allowing money laundering and sanctioned entities to run through binance over many years. The scale of that damage is just much bigger. Right? Unequivocally. And the reality is that a lot of what people pointed to of why the sentencing was so lenient was that the DOJ actually couldn't get cz in the room where it happened. Right. So they got, you know, Samuel Lim, the chief compliance officer, talking about, oh, shit, you know, we've got Hamas on here. But they never have any messages where CZ knows it's happening. And Cz basically like, to the end, the DOJ could not prove, because this is going after CZ personally. Right? They already did the settlement with binance going after CZ personally. You have to prove he knew that that was happening. This is a gigantic business. He could have been insulated. He could, you know, blah, blah, blah. And that's always what happens with the banking executives, is that, you know, yes, there were AML valuations, there were sanctions, there was money laundering, there was human trafficking, whatever, but we didn't know somebody else was responsible for that. I didn't know. Right. And it's very hard to prove that for white collar crimes. And I think the thing with this story is that they didn't have enough evidence to really clearly link him to it because of, I think, how careful he was. And that, I think, is a big part of the reason why the sentence is much more lenient than it would have been for Arthur Hayes. Right? Arthur Hayes. Probably none of that scale of stuff was really happening. People in the US were gambling on Bitmax, but I don't think there was a scale of money laundering and all that other stuff that was happening on Binance.
Speaker C: But it's not like this is a. It's not like this is organized crime and this is a RICO case. And, oh, I didn't know that there was drug dealing and prostitution. And even though it's my key income stream and a core part of my business, in the ideal world, Binance could have operated without KYC and just any bad actors, any sanctioned entities, just can't sign up because you can be compliant. But they're not actual revenue drivers. They're not actual material business lines for Binance. I think it is very feasible that maybe CZ was careful, but also he probably didn't give a shit about any of this other than looking to keep him out of jail. But it's not like it was key to the business. And that, in my mind, is the other key distinction.
Speaker A: No, I agree with that. I agree with that. I mean, clearly binance was making most of their money from the biggest markets, which are the US, China, Europe, et cetera. So no question that all this stuff, they could have avoided all of it and probably made just as much money, and obviously now would have made much more if they didn't have to deal with all this bullshit on the tail. End. But I think the point that you made, Robert, which is that all these banking execs have, have been guilty of very comparable crimes, and none of them have ever been put in prison, I think is also a good point. Reality, CZ is a foreigner. He's a chinese guy, or Canadian Chinese, and he is going to get, because of how he has also figured into the growth of the global crypto market and the story behind the collapse of FTX. I think all of that stuff has added more energy behind the DOJ pursuing him as aggressively as they did. And the reality is that I think CZ, if he didn't have as good of a legal defense, I think this would have ended up much worse for him. But he obviously hired the best lawyers that money can buy, as you mentioned, one of the richest people in the world, very, very powerful set of resources that he has available to him. So I think he just got the better of the DOJ. I think four months. At the end of the day, all that being said, I do think that something is fair, something that's not zero. Four months feels to me like the right amount of time, which is that. Yeah. Also he paid 4,000,000,004 months. Also 4 billion. And don't fud. I guess it all comes full circle. But I think he will retire into a very welcome embrace in the crypto community as being this elder statesman. I'm sure at this point he's not looking to start any more businesses and kind of enjoy his Honda civic lifestyle or whatever, you know, however he chooses to spend his many, many riches. Anyway. Yeah, I think we have to wrap. Unfortunately, there was a lot of other stuff that happened, but maybe we'll get around to it next time. But until then, see you, everybody.
