Speaker A: Welcome to the Huberman Lab podcast, where we discuss science and science based tools for everyday life. I'm Andrew Huberman, and I'm a professor of neurobiology and ophthalmology at Stanford School of Medicine. My guest today is Doctor Robert Lustig. Doctor Robert Lustig is an endocrinologist. That is, he's a specialist in the function of hormones in the body and a professor of pediatric endocrinology at the University of California, San Francisco. He has authored more than 100 peer reviewed studies exploring how different types of nutrients, that is, food, impact our cellular functioning, our organ functioning, and thereby our health. During today's discussion, we discussed the idea of whether or not a calorie is indeed a calorie, and whether or not our body weight and body composition only reflects the number of calories we eat versus the calories that we burn. We talk about how different food types, that is, how the different macronutrients, protein, fat, and carbohydrates are processed in the body and the important role that fiber and the gut microbiome plays in that process. And we pay particular attention to the topic of how different types of sugars, and fructose in particular, can indeed be addictive to the brain and can modify the way that hormones in the body, in particular insulin, impact our liver health, kidney health, and indeed the health of all of our cells and organs. Indeed, doctor Lustig is an expert in how sugar impacts the brain and body. We talk about how certain types of sugars can indeed be addictive in the same way that certain drugs of abuse and behaviors can become addictive. So, in other words, how sugar actually changes the way that the brain works. And we discuss how the food industry, that is, the commoditization and sale of particular types of food, has altered the way that we eat and indeed, the foods that we crave. Today's discussion covers all of that. And by the end of today's discussion, you'll have a thorough understanding of how foods are processed when they enter your body, and how those different food choices are impacting your immediate and long term health. Before we begin, I'd like to emphasize that this podcast is separate from my teaching and research roles at Stanford. It is, however, part of my desire and effort to bring zero cost to consumer information about science and science related tools to the general public. In keeping with that theme, I'd like to thank the sponsors of today's podcast. Our first sponsor is element. Element is an electrolyte drink with everything you need and nothing you don't. That means plenty of salt, magnesium, and potassium, the so called electrolytes, and no sugar. Now, salt, magnesium and potassium are critical to the function of all the cells in your body, in particular to the function of your nerve cells, also called neurons. In fact, in order for your neurons to function properly, all three electrolytes need to be present in the proper ratios. And we now know that even slight reductions in electrolyte concentrations or dehydration of the body can lead to deficits in cognitive and physical performance. Element contains a science back to electrolyte ratio of 1000 milligrams. That's 1 gram of sodium, 200 milligrams of potassium, and 60 milligrams of magnesium. I typically drink element first thing in the morning when I wake up in order to hydrate my body and make sure I have enough electrolytes. And while I do any kind of physical training and after physical training as well, especially if I've been sweating a lot, if you'd like to try elemt, you can go to drink element. That's lmnt.com Huberman to claim a free element sample pack with your purchase. Again, that's drinkelementlmnt.com Huberman Today's episode is also brought to us by waking up. Waking up is a meditation app that includes hundreds of meditation programs, mindfulness trainings, yoga Nidra sessions, and NSDR non sleep deep rest protocols. I started using the waking up app a few years ago because even though I've been doing regular meditations since my teens and I started doing yoga Nidra about a decade ago, my dad mentioned to me that he had found an app turned out to be the waking up app, which could teach you meditations of different durations and that had a lot of different types of meditations to place the brain and body into different states and that he liked it very much. So I gave the waking up app a try and I too found it to be extremely useful because sometimes I only have a few minutes to meditate, other times I have longer to meditate. And indeed, I love the fact that I can explore different types of meditation to bring about different levels of understanding about consciousness, but also to place my brain and body into lots of different kinds of states depending on which meditation I do. I also love that the waking up app has lots of different types of yoga Nidra sessions. For those of you who don't know, yoga Nidra is a process of lying very still but keeping an active mind. It's very different than most meditations, and there's excellent scientific data to show that yoga, Nidra, and something similar to it called non sleep, deep rest, or NSDR, can greatly restore levels of cognitive and physical energy, even with just a short ten minute session. If you'd like to try the waking up app, you can go to wakingup.com huberman and access a free 30 day trial. Again, that's wakingup.com huberman to access a free 30 day trial. And now for my discussion with doctor Robert Lustig. Doctor Robert Lustig, welcome.
Speaker B: Pleasure, truly. Just being here, being invited. High honor. Really appreciate it. And it's not doctor, it's just Rob.
Speaker A: Okay, Rob, I've been looking forward to this conversation for a long time. I've seen your now famous, can we also say infamous but famous YouTube video about sugar. We'll put a link to it in the show. Note captions. It's been viewed many, many millions of times.
Speaker B: Yeah, and I still can't figure out why that is. You know, I didn't think my mother would watch it, and she didn't, but 24 and a half million people did.
Speaker A: Well, I think people are very interested in what to eat, what not to eat. And we'll start off simply talking about what most everyone believes and understands, which is that a calorie is a form of heat energy that's given off during the processing of some food bit or something. If that's mysterious to people, just understand that a calorie is a unit of energy. And I was taught, and still many, many people worldwide believe that a calorie is a calorie, meaning if I consume more calories in whatever form, then I metabolize by thinking, feeling, moving, exercising, etcetera, then I will gain weight. And if I consume fewer calories than I burn, I will lose weight. And we could talk a lot about where that weight loss comes from. Does it come from adipose, body fat stores, or from muscle? Or from protein? Or muscle, of course, is protein, et cetera. But let's start off with, is a calorie truly a calorie when it comes to the processing of different types of calories?
Speaker B: Everyone thinks that obesity is about energy balance. That is, calories in, calories out, therefore two gluttony and sloth. Therefore, if you're fat, it's your fault. Therefore, diet and exercise, therefore, any calorie can be part of a balanced diet. Therefore, don't pick on our calories. Go pick on somebody else's calories. This is actually what the food industry uses to assuage their culpability for the change in the food supply and the rise in obesity and chronic disease like diabetes. Now, it is true that a calorie is that unit of energy that raises 1 gram of water one degree centigrade. And so therefore, a calorie burned is a calorie burned. I don't argue that that's true. That's the first law of thermodynamics. But that doesn't mean a calorie eaten is a calorie eaten. That's not the same. And that's where people get it wrong. So let me give you some examples of how that calorie eaten is not a calorie eaten. You like almonds?
Speaker A: I do.
Speaker B: Me, too. Almonds are great. You eat 160 calories in almonds. How many of those do you absorb? 130. You eat 160, you absorb 130. Where'd the other 30 go in the.
Speaker A: Processing of that food? Energy?
Speaker B: No. Turns out the fiber in those almonds, both soluble and insoluble fiber. And by the way, fiber is sort of the key to the kingdom in this story. It forms a gel on the inside of your intestine. The insoluble fiber, the cellulose, forms a fishnet, if you will. A lattice work on the inside of your duodenum, the soluble fiber, which are globular, plug the holes in that fishnet. Together they form a secondary barrier. You can actually see it on electron microscopy, a whitish gelatinous. And that prevents absorption of those 30 calories. So, yes, 130 get absorbed, but many of them don't. They end up going further down the intestine to the next part, called the jejunum. And that's where the microbiome is. Now. Everyone knows about the microbiome nowadays. It's all the bacteria. We always say when women are pregnant, you're eating for two. Well, we're always eating for 100 trillion. Now they have to eat. Well, what do they eat? They eat what you eat. The question is how much did you get versus how much did they get? Well, if you ate almonds, they're getting those 30 calories. So even though you count the calories at your lips, that doesn't matter. What really matters is counting the calories at your intestinal brush border, okay? And they're not the same. So if you feed your gut, that's a good thing, because then your gut will take those calories and turn it into things like short chain fatty acids, which end up being protective against chronic metabolic disease. Acetate, propionate, butyrate, valerate, those are actually good. They're anti inflammatory, anti Alzheimer's, because you fed your microbiome. So even though you ate 160, you absorbed 130. So a calorie eaten is not a calorie eaten because if you ate it with fiber, it wasn't for you, it was for your bacteria. But that's not the way you count them up. So that's problem number one. Problem number two, amino acids. So we all eat protein. Let's say you eat too much protein. You had the Porterhouse steakhouse. Now, if you're a bodybuilder, those amino acids might go to muscle, and you might increase your muscle mass because you're a bodybuilder, because you're putting excess force on those muscles and you're growing those muscles. Okay, but let's say you're not a bodybuilder. Let's say you're a mere mortal like me.
Speaker A: Or let's say you're a kid going through puberty who's synthesizing a lot of muscle, not because they're lifting weights, because.
Speaker B: Testosterone'S making it happen. Yeah, absolutely. But let's say you're not. Let's say you're just schlump off the street like Joe Schmo. And you eat that porterhouse. You've taken on all these amino acids. There's no place to store it other than muscle. So your liver takes the excess and deamidates that amino acid, takes the amino group off to turn it from an amino acid into an organic acid. And then that organic acid can then enter the krebs cycle, the tricarboxylic acid cycle. What goes on in the mitochondria in order to generate ATP, the chemical energy that your body needs in order to power itself. Okay, now that's a good thing. It takes double the amount of energy to prepare that amino acid for burning as it does to prepare a carbohydrate for burning or fruit or.
Speaker A: Cause when you asked about almonds, why the 160 versus 130? I thought it was the processing. It turned out it was fiber. You're saying for protein. Let's make it realistic for a really nice big porterhouse steak, which I love, by the way. Let's say. Let's say 800 calories. Well, it turns out how much of that is. So that's what goes in your mouth? My mouth? How much of it is actually eaten to stay with your calorie eaten is not a calorie eaten in the processing of that, what percentage actually goes into your total caloric intake?
Speaker B: Right. So about 10% of everything you eat goes to just maintaining body temperature. It's called the thermic effect of food. But when you're eating protein, you actually generate more. And the reason is because it takes two ATP to phosphorylate that organic acid as opposed to one ATP to phosphorylate that carbohydrate for consumption. So you actually have a net loss of energy because it was an amino acid versus a monosaccharide, a sugar. Now you brought up fat. Fat doesn't need to be phosphorylated. So it actually doesn't have any thermic effect of food at that point. So depends on what it is as to whether or not you have loss.
Speaker A: Okay, so, but in this, let's make it actually realistic. A 1600 calorie porterhouse with a nice slab of butter, of grass fed butter on there. I do this every once in a while. Not often.
Speaker B: Some creamed spinach and maybe some mushrooms along the side.
Speaker A: Honestly, I see it when I'm eating a porterhouse. I don't want to adulterate the taste with anything else except maybe some butter, maybe a salad afterwards. But let's say 1600 calories, it's got some fat in there for sure. Let's say 1000 of those calories is protein. The other 600 are fat, something like that. Depending on how marbled it is. Based on what you just said about the thermic effect of food and protein in particular, of that thousand calories, how much actually can we count? I'm not a calorie counter, but does one include as calories truly ingested?
Speaker B: Well, if you ingested 1600, well, that's.
Speaker A: What went in the mouth. But what is going to go against your burn deficit?
Speaker B: Right. So I would have to actually do the math to figure that out. But as a guess.
Speaker A: Yeah. Back of the envelope.
Speaker B: Back of the envelope calculation, you're going to lose about 25% of that. Wow.
Speaker A: So we're talking 750 calories. Yeah. And to translate this a bit. So what we're saying here is if you're somebody who is trying to lose weight or maintain weight or perhaps even gain weight, you eat a 1600 calorie porterhouse with a slab of butter on it. 600 of those calories, we're saying in this is fat with the remaining thousand calories that all went in your mouth. So you count it at your mouth, right, but 700. But then when you compare it against your energy burn for that day to maintain temperature, brain activity, physical activity, really, it's only 750 calories.
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker A: That's a huge difference.
Speaker B: Exactly. And another reason why a calorie is not a calorie. Now, let's take the third. Let's take fats. So here we have omega three s. Heart healthy, anti inflammatory, anti Alzheimer's, save your life. And over here we have trans fats, the devil incarnate consumable poison. Because you can't break the trans double bond, you don't have the desaturase to break that trans double bond. So it basically accumulates lines your arteries, lines your liver, causes chronic metabolic disease, causes insulin resistance. Omega three s don't even get broken down for energy because they're so important. They stay intact because your brain needs them, your heart needs them. Whereas trans fats can't be broken down because of that trans double bond. One save your life, other one kill you. They're both nine calories per gram. If you explode them in a bomb, calorimeter. Because a calorie burned is a calorie burned. But a calorie eaten is not a calorie eaten, because one will save your life, one will kill you. And finally, the big kahuna, the one that blows everything else out of the water. Fructose and glucose.
Speaker A: All right?
Speaker B: Now, glucose is the energy of life.
Speaker A: So here we're talking carbohydrates. I think most of our audience will be familiar with the so called macronutrients. So we talked about fat, in this case, almonds. There's some fiber in there. Probably a little bit of carbohydrate.
Speaker B: A little bit.
Speaker A: Little bit. We talked about the porterhouse with butter. You can be hungry already. That's protein and fat.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Very little, if any, carbohydrate. Zero, essentially. Maybe 10, zero. Yeah. And then now we're talking about carbohydrates, and we're going to subdivide that into glucose and fructose.
Speaker B: Right. Galactose basically becomes glucose in the liver. So we can dispense with that unless you have a disease called galactosemia, which is about one in 20,000 and causes neonatal meningitis. And, you know, it's a disease, as a pediatric endocrinologist, I would take care of. But we can dispense with that for the moment. All right, so, glucose, fructose. Glucose is the energy of life. Every cell on the planet burns glucose for energy. Glucose is so damn important that if you don't consume it, your body makes it. So it will take an amino acid and turn it into glucose.
Speaker A: That's gluconeogenesis.
Speaker B: Gluconeogenesis, that's right. It will take a fatty acid and turn it into glucose. And specifically, the glycerol portion of the triglyceride will turn into glucose. So the inuit, they didn't have any place to grow carbohydrate. They had ice, they had whale blubber. They still have serum glucose level. And the reason is because you had to, you have to have a serum glucose level in order to power your brain, in order to power your heart. Yes, you can use ketones. Of course you can. But only if you're in a ketogenic state will you use exclusively ketones. And you also need glucose for structural changes in specific proteins and particularly hormones. So glucose molecules will stud tsH LH, FSH different pituitary hormones in order to increase their potency. It's one of the reasons why aging leads to defective hormonogenesis. For instance, hypogonadism. Hypothyroidism is the loss of glycosylation on individual peptide hormones. Because of the inability to add glucose because of insulin. It's an aging phenomenon.
Speaker A: Okay, we'll come back to this because I think it's really important. The idea that ingestion of carbohydrates and as you called it, the studying of carbohydrate molecules on hormones can augment the function of those hormones. And with aging, that's a less efficient process.
Speaker B: It's a less efficient process, but it's not because of consumption.
Speaker A: Right. People are still, I see the plenty of folks who are 65 and older eating plenty of carbohydrates. You're saying a lot of them have deficient thyroid, testosterone, estrogen, prolactin, et cetera. Because of the way those carbohydrates are not studying the hormones.
Speaker B: Exactly. So all of those are glycoprotein hormones.
Speaker A: Let's tee that up for later because I think that's an interesting, it's a very important avenue to go down.
Speaker B: Okay? And there's a disease in children, in babies called congenital disorders of glycosylation. Where you can't put glucose molecules on specific proteins. And it causes severe mental retardation, all sorts of metabolic havoc. And a lot of those babies die, for that matter. So that's an important thing. All right? But that's how important glucose is. Fructose, on the other hand, this sweet molecule, the molecule we seek, the reason why the food industry studs every food in the grocery store. 73% of all items in the american grocery store have added sugar on purpose. For the food industry's purpose is not for yours. Because fructose is addictive, activates the nucleus, accumbens the reward center of the brain, in the same way that cocaine, heroin, nicotine, alcohol do and drives dopamine receptors down, just like nicotine, alcohol, cocaine, heroin do that molecule. Fructose is, number one, completely vestigial to all vertebrate life. There is no biochemical reaction in any vertebrate that requires dietary fructose. That's number one. Number two.
Speaker A: Okay, sorry. I'm gonna just answer. So you're saying that even though we can process fructose, we have a limited.
Speaker B: Capacity to process it in the same way we have a limited capacity to metabolize alcohol. Now, if you have one drink a day, you're okay. If you have two drinks a day, depends on how big you are. You and I can probably, I would.
Speaker A: Argue two drinks a week is the maximum, but let's not go there. But in terms of. You're saying, when you say fructose, processing of fructose is vestigial, what you're saying is that we don't need to do it. It's like the appendix. It's an organ for which it has no function.
Speaker B: Exactly. And fructose has no function in the human body, period.
Speaker A: You don't need it.
Speaker B: You don't need it. You don't need it. But our diet is replete with it. In fact, our fructose consumption's gone up 25 fold since the beginning of the last century.
Speaker A: I have to ask this now. I love fruit. That is berries galore, especially since the price of berries seems to have come down. It used to be that you only get them at certain times of year. I'm what you call a drive by blueberry eater. So I'll just walk past and just take a fistful. You can't put them in front of me without me eating them. This is even difficult for me when other people, I don't know are eating them. So I eat lots of blueberries, strawberries, blackberries. If they're in season, I love them.
Speaker B: No problem.
Speaker A: Loaded with fructose.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: Plenty of fiber, low fructose, low fructose, and berries.
Speaker B: Berries are the lowest fructose of all the food.
Speaker A: I was so worried about asking you this today.
Speaker B: Not a problem.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: And fruit is okay because of the fiber. So the molecule, the fructose molecule is the same whether it's in a berry or in a banana or for that matter, in a Coca cola. The fructose molecule is the same molecule. The difference is that in the berry, it comes with a whole lot of fiber in the banana, it comes with a whole lot less fiber. And in the Coca cola, it doesn't come with any fiber. And the fiber is what mitigates the absorption. So when you consume the fructose with fiber. So your blueberries, you're feeding your microbiome that fructose wasn't for you.
Speaker A: Got it. Such a relief. And I must say, recently I had a whole body MRI as a preemptive thing.
Speaker B: What was that?
Speaker A: It was great. I got to watch a Netflix in there. And I never had a whole body MRI. I learned a few things that were useful to me. I got a clean bill of health, so that's great. One of the pieces of feedback I got is that my gut was filled with this very high contrast stuff. And they asked, do you consume a lot of blueberries? And I said, indeed I do. Why? And they said, because that high contrast stuff, it shows up white on the scan is high concentrations of magnesium that we see in people that ingest large amounts of blueberries, which is pretty rare. And yours are comparable to a bear in blueberry season.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker A: And basically my entire gut was filled with blueberries. I suppose I need to cut back a little bit. But now I know that fruit is okay, especially if the fruit has a lot of fiber. But fructose itself, especially if it's not partnered with fiber, is first of all not required for survival at all. But you're telling me is problematic.
Speaker B: Yeah. And let me tell you why it's problematic. We haven't gotten to that yet. We're just talking about whether it's vestigial versus needed. Now let's talk about what fructose does. Turns out fructose inhibits three, count them, three separate enzymes necessary for normal mitochondrial function. Mild, your mitochondria make ATP. Your mitochondria have to work at peak efficiency. That's what metabolic health is. Is mitochondria working at peak efficiency? Well, there are three enzymes that are inhibited by fructose. Number one, amp kinase. Now, amp kinase is the fuel gauge on the liver cell. It's the thing that tells the liver to make more mitochondria, fresher mitochondria, because if your amp levels are high, that means you've dephosphorylated a bunch of atps and you have to regenerate them. So you need some more mitochondria. So it's a negative feedback pathway. Well, you need that Amp kinase to generate that mitochondrial biogenesis signal. Except that fructose, a metabolite of fructose called methylglyoxyl mgo sits in the active site of the gamma subunit of that amp kinase and actually binds to arginines in that active site, rendering that enzyme now dead. It's an irreversible inhibition because of the covalent bonding of that methylglyoxyl, that aldehyde to the arginine. And now that enzyme is dead.
Speaker A: Okay, so it basically acts like a key that doesn't turn the lock, but prevents the key that you want in that lock from entering the lock.
Speaker B: It's like gluing a lock shut.
Speaker A: Got it. So that's one of the enzymes.
Speaker B: That's 1 second one, acad L acyl CoA dehydrogenase lung chain. So this is necessary to cleave two carbon fragments off fatty acids to prepare them for metabolism. So it inhibits that one and then finally it inhibits carnitine. Palmidal transferase one now, CPT one now. That's the enzyme that regenerates carnitine. Carnitine is the shuttle mechanism by which you get the fatty acids from the outer mitochondrial membrane through to the inner mitochondrial membrane so that they can be beta oxidized for energy. So if you don't have that CPT one, you're basically carnitine less and therefore you can't generate beta oxidation.
Speaker A: You said fructose inhibits all three of these enzymatic pathways. As a biologist, I have to ask, how potently does it inhibit them? I mean, because there are drugs that block receptors and then there are drugs that block receptors with unbelievable affinity. So, you know, I mean, mechanistically in a dish, meaning in vitro, you can see all sorts of things, but how significant is this for, like, for obesity, for mitochondrial function in vivo in us?
Speaker B: All right, so look, you know, the dose determines the poison, right? Paracelsus 1537. There are toxins that are parts per billion and will kill you. Like sarin, ricin, cyanide. By the way, cyanide is a good analogy because it's working on mitochondria. It's basically causing mitochondria to be completely defective. Then there are intermediate toxins like arsenic and carbon tetrachloride, parts per million, and they take a little longer to work. They're not going to kill you on the spot.
Speaker A: That's why I can eat an apple seed that has a little bit of arsenic in it, but I'm not going to die.
Speaker B: And then finally there, and by the tobacco smoke goes in there, and then finally you have weak toxins where it's not one exposure that will kill you. It's 10,000 exposures that'll kill you.
Speaker A: Like alcohol or toxic people.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, sometimes.
Speaker A: Sometimes it only takes one mild toxic. Couldn't resist, sorry. Sometimes it only mildly toxic people.
Speaker B: Anyway, the point is that fructose is in that last category. So it's not what you do one day that kills you, it's what you do every day that kills you. And if you basically eat ultra processed food, high in sugar for ten years in a row, it's going to show up in terms of your comorbidities. And ultimately, yeah, it will kill you. And we have the data to show how many years you will lose. So right now in America, we pay an eight year longevity tax. If you look at Japan, who, they have a mean age of death of 88, we have a mean age of 80, okay? We're paying an eight year longevity tax just by living here. And we're talking about the healthy people. Now, if you have metabolic syndrome, it's a 15 year longevity tax. And, sorry, if you have obesity, it's a 15 year longevity tax. And if you have metabolic syndrome, it's a 20 year longevity tax that is primarily, not completely, but primarily sugar. It's also omega six s. It's also trans fats left over because now they're gone. But people are still suffering. The ravages of the trans fats from.
Speaker A: The previous generation, are they gone? I do remember as a kid when we had margarine in our refrigerator. This is actually a big debate in my home. One parent, I won't identify which Washington, pro margarine, the other was pro butter, anti margarine. The marriage didn't last, but there were other reasons.
Speaker B: That's probably why I went.
Speaker A: Butter.
Speaker B: Butter is fine. In fact, time declared front cover butter's back. Margarine was the bad guy, without question. And we know now, but back when we thought it was a calorie, it was a calorie. We thought, oh, margarine, it's the same nine calories per gram. And we said, it lowers your triglycerides. Bad idea. Because what it did was it lined your liver because you couldn't break that trans double bond. They're now gone from our food supply.
Speaker A: They're illegal.
Speaker B: They're illegal, they're banned. You can make trans fats in your own kitchen by taking olive oil and heating it to beyond the smoking point. So they're not completely gone, they're just gone from ultra processed food. So now sugar is the big problem because of these three enzymes that you are inhibiting the point is, we started this with a calorie is a calorie. Well, if you are inhibiting mitochondrial function, then a calorie is not a calorie, is it?
Speaker A: You're reducing the intensity of the furnace.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. So this whole calories a calorie just makes no sense. And it hasn't worked at any level. And there is no study that actually shows that cutting calories makes a difference. And I can show you voluminous data that shows that virtually every weight loss study that led to caloric restriction basically didn't work, not for any length of time.
Speaker A: Just to round out our earlier discussion. Cause I find it fascinating and I know other people will as well. We talked about that 160 calories. That's actually 130 at the business end of things, of almonds. We talked about the porterhouse steak with butter and the 25% reduction in what's actually quote unquote eaten. And I'll get back to this, because this quote unquote issue, I think the problem is there's a lack of useful language to dissociate this stuff. Even just calling fat fat people think it's going to make you gain body fat. If we called it adipose tissue and lipids, we would have avoided this confusion. So I don't want to get there just yet, but I want to make.
Speaker B: Sure with that the food industry does this on purpose.
Speaker A: Really?
Speaker B: Oh, absolutely. So they tell you a sugar is a sugar, which is not true. They tell you a calorie is a calorie, which is not true. And they tell you a fat is a fat, which is not true. This is very specifically. So when you're talking about sugar, you're talking about dietary sugar or you're talking about blood sugar, because blood sugar is blood glucose.
Speaker A: And I never use dietary cholesterol or circulating cholesterol or.
Speaker B: Absolutely. Okay. So we've done this to ourselves, but the food industry has really promulgated it because we farmed out nutrition policy and information to the food industry. So they actually use this for their purposes. It's one of the problems in this field.
Speaker A: I'd like to take a quick break and acknowledge one of our sponsors, athletic greens. Athletic greens, now called ag one, is a vitamin mineral probiotic drink that covers all of your foundational nutritional needs. I've been taking athletic greens since 2012, so I'm delighted that they're sponsoring the podcast. The reason I started taking athletic greens and the reason I still take athletic greens once or usually twice a day is that it gets me the probiotics that I need for gut health. Our gut is very important. It's populated by gut microbiota that communicate with the brain, the immune system, and basically all the biological systems of our body to strongly impact our immediate and long term health. And those probiotics and athletic greens are optimal and vital for microbiotic health. In addition, athletic greens contains a number of adaptogens, vitamins and minerals that make sure that all of my foundational nutritional needs are met. And it tastes great. If you'd like to try athletic greens, you can go to athleticgreens.com Huberman and they'll give you five free travel packs that make it really easy to mix up athletic greens while you're on the road, in the car, on the plane, etcetera. And they'll give you a year's supply of vitamin D, three k, two again, that's athleticgreens.com Huberman to get the five free travel packs and the year's supply of vitamin D, three k, two for the third category of macronutrients, carbohydrates. You differentiated glucose and fructose. If I ingest, let's say, half a bagel, since we were talking about New York, your city of origin, they have great bagels on the west coast. Yeah, it's not the same.
Speaker B: It's pretty pitiful.
Speaker A: Same with the pizza dough. It's like they claim it's the water. Whatever it is, it's different back there. And it's better.
Speaker B: Indeed.
Speaker A: Half a bagel, let's say 250 calories, mostly carbohydrate. This is an unlined, no cream cheese, no smear, as they call it back there. No, no cream cheese, no butter, none of that thing. Just half of bagels, 250 calories. So that's what I ate. You're saying that a calorie eaten is not a calorie eaten. How much of that carbohydrate, given that it's probably most, let's assume it's mostly glucose. Let's do it this way.
Speaker B: Yeah, it is. It's polymerized glucose.
Speaker A: Okay, polymerized glucose. How much of that is actually utilized or burned versus, you know, the original 250.
Speaker B: So if you look at what happens to energy in the body, 65% of that which is ingested goes to resting energy expenditure just to power the body. 10% goes to the thermic effect of food, and then 25% goes to activity. That's the breakdown of where the energy goes.
Speaker A: And that's calories from fat, protein and carbohydrates.
Speaker B: Yeah, from everything together and glucose is a perfectly good example of how that works. The point is, though, that when you ingest glucose, you're getting a big glucose excursion in your bloodstream. So you're getting a big glucose spike, and that glucose spike has to come down. Well, what makes it come down? The hormone insulin. Insulin is the bad guy in this story. The higher your glucose goes, the more your pancreas will release insulin in order to bring that glucose down. Well, it turns out that glucose rise was not benign. That glucose rise led to endothelial dysfunction. Transient, but nonetheless endothelial dysfunction.
Speaker A: Could you just remind people what endothelial.
Speaker B: Cells are the inside of your arteries? Okay. And it will change blood pressure. We've got plenty of data to demonstrate how it changes blood pressure. And over time, that will cause coronary artery disease, that will cause kidney disease, etcetera. But it's the insulin response that is really the bad guy. Now, people think insulin is good because it lowers blood glucose. After all, diabetics take insulin to lower their blood glucose. Okay, let's take a diabetic patient with diabetes. Blood sugar is 300. That's bad. We give them a shot of insulin in the arm. Blood sugar goes down to 100. Blood sugar went from 300 to 100. Okay, where did the 200 points of blood glucose go?
Speaker A: I'm assuming that the insulin sequestered it to where? I'm assuming to the liver, to the fat. Interesting.
Speaker B: For storage. That's insulin's job. Insulin takes whatever you're not burning and puts it into fat for storage. Insulin is not the diabetes hormone. Insulin is the energy storage hormone.
Speaker A: How quickly does it do that?
Speaker B: Pretty quick.
Speaker A: Because if I'm, you know, having a very busy day, or the diabetic person is having a very busy day and they're moving around a lot, then you got a insulin bound glucose in the bloodstream.
Speaker B: For how long?
Speaker A: No, no.
Speaker B: Insulin doesn't bind glucose. Insulin binds to its receptors.
Speaker A: Sure. Sorry. Sorry.
Speaker B: And allows for glucose transporters to work.
Speaker A: But for some period of time, while that person is active, there's an opportunity to utilize that glucose. Right. So, how quickly is insulin managing that glucose? We know that the spike comes down quickly, but the glucose is not available for energy utilization after what it's sequestered to the adipose to the fat tissue within an hour. Is that about.
Speaker B: So, about 90 minutes? Yeah. I mean, if you're active, if you eat a muffin and you're active, your muscles are going to take up that glucose, irrespective of insulin. In fact, muscles are insulin independent. They have glucose transporters, but they are insulin independent because if they weren't, then every patient in diabetic ketoacidosis would be paralyzed. Okay? So glucose will end up in muscles, irrespective of energy status and insulin status.
Speaker A: And in muscles, it's used as immediate fuel and glycogen, both. Okay.
Speaker B: Immediate fuel and glycogen storage in the muscle. Absolutely. All right. Now, if you're active, then you will clear glucose into muscle. Therefore, your blood glucose won't rise as much because it went into muscle. And therefore, your pancreas will put out less insulin because it doesn't have to clear as much from the bloodstream. And that's okay. That's good. But let's say you didn't exercise, so you've got a big glucose excursion. Now, you have a big insulin response, and that insulin is going to take the excess that's in your blood. It has to clear it, and it will go to fat for storage. That insulin rise turns out to be particularly egregious in terms of metabolic disease. And I can prove it. There is a mouse. My favorite mouse. I love this mouse. This mouse turns medicine on its head and teaches every doctor why they have to go back to medical school and learn it right. This mouse is called the pyderco mouse. P o d I r k o.
Speaker A: Is it discovered by Paderco?
Speaker B: No. No. It was discovered in Ron Kahn's lab. It was manufactured in Ron Kahn's lab. So this is a tissue specific insulin receptor knockout mouse. I r K O. Insulin.
Speaker A: So laxi. Insulin receptor.
Speaker B: In the kidney?
Speaker A: In the kidney.
Speaker B: Glomerular podocyte, insulin receptor knockout mouse. Okay.
Speaker A: We haven't talked too much about transgenic models and knock ins and knockouts. So just in 10 seconds or less. Basically, these are mice that are genetically engineered to lack the receptor for insulin, specifically in the glomerular podocyte, the kidney. In the kidney, and everywhere else in this mouse, insulin does its thing normally.
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker A: Great.
Speaker B: So these animals are euglycemic, normal blood glucose levels. These animals are normally glucose tolerant. They go up, they go down, just like every other mouse. These mice are not fat. These mice are not thin. These mice are mice, except they have the worst diabetic nephropathy on the planet.
Speaker A: So they're ner.
Speaker B: Oh.
Speaker A: Their kidney is degenerative.
Speaker B: Their kidneys degenerate to nothing.
Speaker A: Yikes.
Speaker B: Now, they have normal blood glucose levels, they have normal glucose tolerance. They have normal insulin tolerance, whole body. But their kidneys are dying. How come it can't be the glucose. It's the insulin, because insulin is the bad guy. Insulin's actually making the kidney disease. And so these animals that are insulin resistant, they have diabetic nephropathy without diabetes.
Speaker A: So the insulin is having a negative, clearly negative effect on the kidneys without binding to the receptor.
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker A: So circulating insulin can do stuff without binding to its receptor?
Speaker B: Well, no, it binds to its receptor in different parts of the body, other.
Speaker A: Parts of the body. But in the kidney, it can't because it's a knockout.
Speaker B: Because it's knockout. Right. The point is, insulin does stuff by itself, and it turns out insulin drives growth. Now, every cell in your body wants to burn at one time in its life and wants to grow at another time in its life. Every cell has those two pathways, burning, growth, burning, growth. What determines whether a cell should be burning or whether a cell should be growing?
Speaker A: I don't know what makes it burning, but presumably it has something to do with mitochondria.
Speaker B: It has everything to do with mitochondria. So every cell needs to burn and needs to grow at a different time in its life. Here's a way to think about it. We all start out as a zygote, a single cell. We end up an adult. Now, that single cell had to become two cells, those two cells had to become four cells, those four cells had to become eight cells, and on and on and on and on. So every cycle, there's a doubling. How many doublings to get from a zygote to an adult?
Speaker A: It's an exponential growth. So I don't know it off the top of my head.
Speaker B: 414-1412 to the 41 doublings gives you an organism. 10 trillion cells.
Speaker A: We're 10 trillion cells.
Speaker B: We're 10 trillion cells.
Speaker A: Do we know that?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Two to the 41.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Okay. Now, of those 41 doublings, some of them had to occur in utero. Some of them had to occur postnatally. So I need two numbers that add up to 41. How many in utero, how many postnatally?
Speaker A: Well, way more. You start off with a lot more than you end up with, but then you have cells that turn over throughout the lifespan. So this is a tough one because skin cells turn over with neurons. It's pretty straightforward because you're gonna somewhere.
Speaker B: Between three and ten, right?
Speaker A: Well, and you're born with somewhere between three and ten x of what you end up with, depending on the brain structure. But whole body wide, I don't know how you'd come up with that.
Speaker B: Number 36 and five.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: 36 doublings prenatally, five doublings postnatally. And I can prove that to you, too. Typical baby weighs seven pounds. First doubling, 14 pounds. Second doubling, 28 pounds. Next doubling, 56 pounds. Next doubling, 112 pounds. Next doubling, 224 pounds.
Speaker A: Hopefully it stops.
Speaker B: Obese individual.
Speaker A: Hopefully it stops there. Not all people 212 pounds are obese, but some people who are of certain heights or below are 212 or obese.
Speaker B: Point is, the cell has to know when to grow and when to burn. It turns out that the signal for that is oxygen, because oxygen is necessary for mitochondria to be able to burn. In the absence of oxygen, the cell only knows how to grow. This is actually why Otto Warburg won the Nobel prize in 1931 for the Warburg effect. He asked the question, how come cancer cells don't need oxygen to grow? And the answer is, because no cell needs oxygen to grow. In fact, oxygen is the thing that prevents growth. Famous article from the New England Journal of Medicine. 1951, Mount Everest in utero. Because every fetus is oxygen deprived. So normal partial pressure of oxygen. 100 mercury out here, right? If I checked your blood, it'd be about 100, right?
Speaker A: I hope so.
Speaker B: How about a tumor cell?
Speaker A: Guessing tumor cells, probably. Is it double?
Speaker B: About 44.
Speaker A: Wait, you just told me partial pressure.
Speaker B: Of oxygen in a tumor cell is about 44.
Speaker A: But you just told me that. Well, tumor cells, which grow, like, wild, right?
Speaker B: They grow like wild because they don't have oxygen.
Speaker A: But they. But there are some of the. So here's what's peculiar about it. Tumor cells are some of the most vascularized cells. Tumors are heavily. I mean, one way to get a try and kill one is to devascularize a tumor cell.
Speaker B: Yes. And, you know, angiogenesis inhibition, it's a big deal. Judah Folkman and all that from Harvard.
Speaker A: So the excess blood to a tumor is the attempt to bring in oxygen that it's not getting, as opposed to delivering lots of oxygen. And that's why it's growing.
Speaker B: That's right. But a fetus, what's the partial pressure in the placenta? Six to 31. So it's actually like a mile above Mount Everest, how much oxygen the fetus gets. And it's for that reason that you've got 36 doublings. And then as soon as you're out, you know, you cut the cord and you start breathing. And now your partial pressure's at 100. That's when growth slows down.
Speaker A: Has there been any effort to treat tumors by oxygenating tumors?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: What does that look like?
Speaker B: It's hyperbaric oxygen therapy. It's a thing.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. We will probably do an episode on hyperbaric chambers. The reason we haven't yet is it's pretty niche, but there are people who own these things, who sit in these things. Okay, so we got here by way of carp, by the bagel.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: So I just want to orient us. You just that 250 calories of the bagel. We talked about glucose excursions, but it's.
Speaker B: That insulin rise that's driving the adiposity, and it's also driving the growth in the absence of oxygen, because if you have oxygen, then you don't need that much insulin.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: So because you're going to burn instead of store.
Speaker A: Got it. In terms of the raw metabolism of carbohydrate, though, that glucose. If I eat 250 calories of glucose, how much of that did I quote unquote, actually eat? How much is used?
Speaker B: How much is used?
Speaker A: Yeah. Let's assume that I'm at my desk working or I'm walking around a little bit. I'm not exercising hard in the subsequent hour.
Speaker B: So, used for what is the question?
Speaker A: I'm getting back to the calories. Is the calorie a calorie? Clearly, the answer is no. Based on the processing of different types of calories. We established it for fat, the almonds, we establish it for protein. The porterhouse with butter. And now we're trying to establish that for the 250 calories of bagel, which is glucose.
Speaker B: Right? So the glucose has to be phosphorylated. So you're going to lose an ATP in the process. So you're going to go ATP goes to adP, and then that ADP will go to Amp adenosine monophosphate, which will then go to imp inositol monophosphate, which will then go to uric acid. And that uric acid will be then released from the cell, circulate in the bloodstream, and hopefully go out in the kidney in the process. That uric acid can inhibit mitochondrial function and it can also inhibit endothelial nitric oxide synthase, which is the enzyme in your vasculature. That is your endogenous blood pressure lowerer.
Speaker A: By expanding blood vessels and capillaries.
Speaker B: Exactly right.
Speaker A: This is the mechanistics foundation of the drugs that were originally used for improving prostate function, but are used to treat erectile dysfunction, which are the Pd five inhibitors which allow nitric oxide to be around longer and more of it. Right. People use it for other purposes, too. Now, no one will forget if I.
Speaker B: Queue it up with that example in the neonatal intensive care unit, it closes patent ductus arteriosus, which is a big deal in the neonatal world.
Speaker A: Okay, I want to ask you about that. So I heard two things. One is that glucose and the insulin that goes with it increases uric acid. Uric acid, while it has certain important functions in health, too much of it, you said, can inhibit nitric oxide.
Speaker B: Yeah, can inhibit nitric oxide.
Speaker A: So that means that the blood vessels and capillaries are going to stay more constricted. So blood pressure is going to be higher than it would be normally.
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker A: And then uric acid is also inhibiting mitochondrial function.
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker A: Okay. But eating half a bagel isn't necessarily a terrible thing if it's within your caloric requirements.
Speaker B: And it all depends on how much you clear and how high your insulin goes.
Speaker A: Now, let's compare that 250 calories of glucose to 250 calories of fructose. Let's come up with a food example. 250 calories of fructose would be trivial to consume in the form of high fructose corn syrup. Right.
Speaker B: Well, so remember that high fructose corn syrup is half glucose, half fructose.
Speaker A: Okay?
Speaker B: So let's be 125. 125.
Speaker A: So let's not use that. Well. So let's assume. So we can talk about a soda for. To get that 250 calories easily. Right? Especially if it's not a can or a european sized bottle or chicken.
Speaker B: Eight ounce can of soda.
Speaker A: Okay, so eight ounce can of soda. And maybe let's include a food item. Let's talk like a store bought packaged cookie. Couple oreos, two oreos, probably get you to that 250. Or maybe four oreos.
Speaker B: Maybe three oreos.
Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, Oreo lovers everywhere celebrating 3250 calories of fructose. What's the effect on uric acid? What's the effect on caloric burnt? What's the effect on anything, for that matter, that we should be aware of?
Speaker B: All right, so first of all, the oreo has plenty of fructose in it. So keep that in mind.
Speaker A: Okay?
Speaker B: If, let's say you consumed 250 calories in a bagel, because that's pretty much polymerized glucose versus, say, the soda. So the bagel versus the soda, that's what you're doing.
Speaker A: Equivalent calories.
Speaker B: Equivalent calories.
Speaker A: Or the bagel versus, let's say, two oreos and a little bit of. And, yeah, two oreos.
Speaker B: Okay, so number one, there's only half the glucose in the soda because the other half is the fructose. It's 125. 125. So your glucose rise won't be as high, your glucose excursion will be lower. This is actually one of the reasons why there's this thing called glycemic index. And glycemic index is a canard. It's garbage. It is complete and utter b's.
Speaker A: The glycemic index.
Speaker B: Absolutely, yes. Nothing is more egregious in terms of argument than the glycemic index. And this is one of the things that dietitians promote and espouse. One of the things that's got to go. This is an idea that must die.
Speaker A: Okay, we'll get back to why the glycemic index has got to die, but so that 250 calories. And actually, can we make these equal, just for sake of simplicity? Can we say 250 calories of glucose from the bagel versus 250 calories of fructose? How do we get 250 calories of pure fructose?
Speaker B: We don't.
Speaker A: You can't. Okay. You got to bring the glucose with lab fructose.
Speaker B: You'd have to make it.
Speaker A: Then let's do the oreos, which is half glucose, half fructose.
Speaker B: Right. I mean, there is no fructose alone in nature.
Speaker A: Even crackers, some of the ones that are salty are also sweet. They have fructose in them.
Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely. High fructose corn on purpose.
Speaker A: Yeah. That's why it's impossible to eat just one.
Speaker B: Indeed.
Speaker A: So what's happening biochemically, as a consequence of the fructose component, specifically?
Speaker B: So the fructose will, first of all, go into the intestine. The intestine will metabolize some of that fructose through what is known as intestinal de novo lipogenesis. About 10% of that fructose will be turned into fat, right. In the intestine.
Speaker A: And that's because fructose, it just wants to be fat.
Speaker B: Yeah, fructose wants to be fat. Fructose is the lipogenic substrate here.
Speaker A: We're not talking about body fat. We're talking about fat molecules that can potentially be used as energy.
Speaker B: That's right. Triglyceride molecules. Okay. Okay. So 10% of that fructose will be turned into triglyceride, right, in the intestine and be released into the bloodstream. And it is the reason for a postprandial triglyceride response.
Speaker A: Postprandial is, and I'm including myself in this group, is nerdspeak for after eating lunch. Typically, it's lunch.
Speaker B: So that's actually one of the drivers of cardiovascular pathology. That intestinal de novo lipogenesis, turning that fructose into triglyceride right in the intestine. Now, there's a limit to how fast and how much the intestine can do that. The rest of the fructose will be absorbed into the portal vein, but not before some of that fructose will make it further down, and it will nitrate, tight junction proteins, okay?
Speaker A: Portal vein of the kidney.
Speaker B: Portal vein goes to the liver. Portal vein goes from the visceral, from the intestine to the liver.
Speaker A: No kidney. It doesn't feed the kidney.
Speaker B: No kidney intestine to liver. But fructose, nitrates, tight junction proteins. Now, let me explain that to your audience. Your intestine is a sewer. Definition of a sewer. A pipe with shit in it, okay? That's a sewer. Our intestines are sewers. There's junk in the center. And the job of the intestine is to move the junk through to the anus, absorbing the good stuff while you can. The intestine is made up of cells, intestinal epithelial cells that are bound together, and they're bound with proteins that basically form a barrier. Those barriers are called tight junction proteins.
Speaker A: It's like cloudins and things like that.
Speaker B: Zonulin is the main one, okay? There are others, but zonulin is the one that is defective in celiac disease.
Speaker A: What defines a tight junction is, like, completely impermeable or semi permeable.
Speaker B: Completely impermeable, unless its function is inhibited. Turns out, if you alter the phosphorylation status or the nitrate status of that tight junction, it will become transiently permeable.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: And so fructose nitrates tight junction proteins, causing them to be transiently permeable, allowing some of the junk in your intestine to get through into your bloodstream.
Speaker A: So this is leaky gut?
Speaker B: This is leaky gut. This is what causes leaky gut. Fructose is a driver of leaky gut.
Speaker A: Got it.
Speaker B: That causes inflammation at the level of the liver, which ultimately leads to systemic inflammation. One of the reasons why high sensitivity CRP is high in patients who eat ultra processed food.
Speaker A: CRP is c reactive protein, which is a marker of essentially an inflammatory immune response.
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker A: You don't want it too high.
Speaker B: And 93% of Americans today are inflamed.
Speaker A: Does that mean that 93% of Americans have leaky guts?
Speaker B: Yeah, it does, because that's where it comes from.
Speaker A: So in addition to limiting fructose intake, what are things that support the tight junctions of the intestinal pathway.
Speaker B: So there are three barriers in your intestine to keep the junk where it belongs, in the center so that it can get pooped out. You're behind, all right, three separate barriers. One is a physical barrier called the mucin layer. So it's a layer of mucus that actually sits on top of the intestinal epithelial cells. Now that mucin is a polysaccharide, and the bacteria can use that mucin layer for its own purposes, it will eat your mucin layer. If you don't feed your bacteria. You must feed your bacteria or your bacteria will feed on you. Okay, so you are in concert with your microbiome. If you deprive your microbiome of the food that it needs, it will use you as its food. And that's one of the reasons why fiber is so important.
Speaker A: So fiber, to build up this mucin layer is one way to reinforce the fence that is the tight junctions, et cetera, between your intestine and the bloodstream. This raises an interesting point about fasting. Many people, including myself, do a sort of pseudo intermittent fasting. I eat my first meal somewhere between eleven and noon. I'm not strict about this, the eleven versus noon thing, and probably eat my last bite of food somewhere around 08:00 p.m. and occasionally it's outside that window. I've done this for a long time. It just feels best to me. But other people use a shorter eating window. One thing that I learned from a colleague at Yale who studies the gut microbiome that was surprising to me is that when you eat in that way, there's a long stretch of time, sometimes longer, for people that have a shorter eating window, longer fasting window, that is where you're actually eating up your own intestinal lining. So this idea that fasting is so great for us, on the one hand, might be true. On the other hand, you're actually consuming components of your, you're not feeding your gut microbiome and you deplete it. But here's where I was positively surprised. When you do eat, provided that you eat a enough fiber, and in particular high quality fermented foods, low sugar fermented foods, it seems that the lining of the gut and the gut microbiome is replenished to a level that is greater than if you had eaten for longer periods of the 24 hours cycle. Do I have that right?
Speaker B: You do have it right. And I don't know why that is true, but it does seem to be the case. And fermented foods in part because they've got already short chain fatty acids in them.
Speaker A: Is that the preferred food of the microbiome?
Speaker B: Well, it's what the microbiome actually turns fiber into. So it's probably helping your intestinal epithelial cells in the same way the microbiome turning fiber into short chain fatty acids helps. So it's what we call a postbiotic. So you have prebiotic, which is the food for the bacteria. You have the probiotic, which is the bacteria itself, and then you have the postbiotic, which is what the bacteria make in order to heal you.
Speaker A: God.
Speaker B: Okay. And so short chain fatty acids are postbiotics, and there are a lot of people selling short chain fatty acids, you know, drinks and supplements and what have you. Whether they work or not is another story.
Speaker A: If I consume fructose in the form of, let's say, a highly processed food has minimal antioxidants, it's got plenty of calories, typically, and it's disrupting the tight junctions, making my gut leaky. But I'm also eating fiber. I'm having a meal that includes a salad. I'm having some probiotics, and then I want a couple Reese's peanut butter cups and the dark chocolate ones in particular. I don't do this anymore, but I used to eat like that more often. As time has gone on, I've become, I don't like to call it stricter, but more. I tend to like healthier foods over time. And I think you can get away with different things at different stages of life, although you work with young people. So we'll get to very young people. So we'll get to this. But how much damage am I doing by ingesting any fructose in the form of a highly processed food?
Speaker B: So I'll make it very simple, Andrew. I am for dessert. For dessert. I am not for dessert for breakfast, lunch, snacks and dinner. Okay, so if you want to have a couple of Reese's peanut butter cups as your dessert in the same way as you might have a cognac for dessert, that's fine. I have no problem with that. The question is, are you going to eat Reese's peanut butter cups for breakfast?
Speaker A: No, I don't eat breakfast. Well, no, but I see your point.
Speaker B: The national school breakfast program, which 29% of schoolchildren today consume, is a bowl of fruit loops and a glass of orange juice. That is 41 grams of sugar. American Heart association says that the upper limit for children should be 12 grams of added sugar per day. That's 41 grams of added sugar, and it's just breakfast.
Speaker A: Fructose rich.
Speaker B: Totally, completely. So the question is, which dessert are we talking about?
Speaker A: Right? And can we adjust that morning meal to a different reality? Because I agree that there are plenty of kids eating that. Or a muffin that might be the equivalent. But what about the parent who says, okay, let's come up with a healthier option that the kid still likes? I'm thinking back to my childhood, like a honey nut Cheerios or something. So not fruit loops, which is kind of the extreme.
Speaker B: Take a look at the side of the package. No difference.
Speaker A: And now let's say they go with some waffles that are made. So with a pre made mix, some milk, some butter. So mom or dad is making waffles. Great. It sounds healthier. But then if you do the breakdown, are we still ending up at very high? Are we basically eating dessert for breakfast?
Speaker B: Are we eating eggo waffles? Making waffles de novo from scratch in your own kitchen, let's say big difference. Okay, because the eggo waffles replete with sugar on purpose, because the food industry knows when they add it, you buy more because it's addictive. And we actually have the demographic, the mechanistic, the imaging, and also the economic data to demonstrate that sugar is addictive and the food industry knows it. So have you ever heard of a phenomenon called price elasticity? Okay, price elasticity is an economic term that is used to ask the question, if the price of a given good goes up by 1%, that should result in reduction in purchase or consumption. Because price influences consumption, how much does it influence it? So if something's price elastic, when the price goes up, consumption goes down. Equivalently, a food that is price elastic. The most price elastic food is eggs. So when the price of eggs goes up 1%, consumption of eggs goes down 0.68%, meaning that eggs have a price elasticity of 0.32. Got it?
Speaker A: Got it.
Speaker B: Now, what's the most price inelastic food? The top three most price inelastic foods.
Speaker A: Are fast food cereal, I like a good quiz.
Speaker B: Fast food, 0.81, soft drinks at 79 and juice at 77.
Speaker A: Meaning people will pay not whatever, but they're willing to pay more more readily, willing to pay more because of the.
Speaker B: Sugar, because it's addictive, because it's hedonic. So many, many years ago, Andrew, you probably remember something called keynesian economics. And keynesian economics was based on this concept of the rational actor. And the rational act can determine value, which is utility over cost. And if you're a rational actor, you should be able to say, yeah, I'll buy that, but I won't buy that. Right. Okay. In 1979, Daniel Kahneman and Amos Tversky, Nobel Prize winner Daniel Kahneman described the irrational actor. Now, the irrational actor cannot determine value, and the reason is because he is risk averse. So the cost is always too great. So the utility may be the same, but the cost goes up because that's why they have aversive tendencies. The irrational actor Jeffrey Sachs has described the hedonic actor who also cannot determine value because it doesn't matter what it costs. They need their fix. And this is what's going on, and the food industry knows it. And that's why every food in the store has been spiked.
Speaker A: We talked about dessert for breakfast in the form of cereals, some of which are disguised or couched as healthier. You know, I think of, like, honey nut Cheerios. It seems healthier than froot loops. It looks healthier just by way of color. It looks kind of weedy color. And in terms of lunch, one of the things that I love about Europe is that the breads are amazing.
Speaker B: Yeah, breads are terrific.
Speaker A: And I like them because they're not as sweet.
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker A: And so a sandwich from not every deli, but from a typical sandwich shopper that one makes with store bought bread. Sliced bread in the US has a lot of fructose. I looked this up prior to the discussion today. So in some ways, dessert is being woven into foods that are, that parents and or kids everyone thinks are savory. We're actually eating sweets.
Speaker B: Exactly right.
Speaker A: But we don't taste them as sweet at a conscious level necessarily.
Speaker B: But our taste buds do.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: That's exactly right. So the question is, why do they do that? Question for your audience. You buy a loaf of bread at the local bakery. How soon before it stales?
Speaker A: Two days at best. Yeah, if it's really great bread.
Speaker B: That's right. The better the bread, the quicker it stales. You buy a loaf of bread at the neighborhood grocery store, how soon before it stales?
Speaker A: You've got probably a week. And then there's the moldy pieces at the end that, you know, if you're in college and you were me trying to scrape that off, but it can.
Speaker B: Last up to three weeks, depending.
Speaker A: You could throw it in the freezer. You probably do that with the bakery bread. But it's never the same.
Speaker B: Never the same.
Speaker A: It's never the same.
Speaker B: So the question is, why is that? And the answer is sugar. The answer is sugar. So the grocery store bread had sugar added to it on purpose, because when you bake it, the sugar does not evaporate, it stays in the bread, and the sugar is hygroscopic, meaning it holds on to water. This is a phenomenon that the food industry uses called water activity. And so it will hold on to water, and so it will stay spongy and it will not stale as quickly as the bakery store bread, which did not have that sugar added to it. So even something as benign as bread has been turned into something that ultimately leads to chronic metabolic disease.
Speaker A: We've pivoted somewhat from carbohydrate divided into glucose and fructose to a discussion of sugar. Could you tell us the link between sugar and fructose? So, table sugar, what percentage of table sugar is fructose? What percentage of brown sugar is fructose? What percentage of the sugar that's added to food is high fructose corn syrup, on average? Just because here, what we're talking about is what you're describing as an intentional lacing of food with something that's addictive, but that's also processed very differently at the level of the kidney, at the level of the liver. And it's bad. It's a bad situation.
Speaker B: Absolutely.
Speaker A: So when we talk about sugar, I think we need to be as careful in describing what we really mean as when we talk about a calorie.
Speaker B: I completely agree. So, for your audience, let's be very, very clear on definitions. Let's not use the word sugar because it has multiple definitions. Let's use sucrose. Sucrose is what you put in your coffee. It's the crystals. It's cane sugar, beet sugar, the stuff that teaspoons of. This was all that was available for many, many years. That is one molecule of glucose, one molecule of fructose bound together, for the chemists out there, an oglycosidic linkage. The enzyme in your intestine, called sucrase, cleaves this oglycosidic linkage in about a nanosecond. You absorb the two molecules separately. The glucose goes to the entire body, generates an insulin response. The fructose goes straight to your liver, generates fat. That's sucrose. High fructose corn syrup is essentially one molecule of glucose, one molecule of fructose not bound together. No o glycosidic linkage. So they're free. The enzyme sucrase doesn't care because the bond's already broken. Ultimately, they do the same thing. And that's why high fructose corn syrup and sucrose are indistinguishable metabolically. What they are is they're very different economically. And the reason is because high fructose corn syrups half the price of sucrose. Because sucrose we get from importing and high fructose corn syrup we make at home. Sucrose is in bags. High fructose corn syrup is in barrels. Sucrose you can sell at the store. High fructose corn syrup you sell to the ultra processed food manufacturer. You can't buy high fructose corn syrup at the grocery store. They're very different in terms of what they're used for. High fructose corn syrup is particularly egregious because it's so miscible because it's already a liquid. So you probably remember chips ahoy, cookies in the old days, okay. They would often would seem like the sugar in the cookie had crystallized because the sugar content was so high.
Speaker A: It's been a while since I've had one. They weren't particularly good. Yeah, but you eat two of them, and then you think they're good, and then you want to eat four. That's what's so odd. The first bite is kind of like. And then I. It bombs away.
Speaker B: There you go. Well, now it's chewy chips ahoy, cookies. Oh, I remember chewy chips ahoy, cookies. Remember chewy chips. Well, that's high fructose corn syrup. Because the two molecules are free, they don't crystallize, so you can actually up.
Speaker A: The dose several times. Throughout today's discussion, you've been talking about the quote unquote food industry. Okay, so I'm not a conspiracy theorist.
Speaker B: I am now.
Speaker A: But I understand that most businesses exist to make money. Many businesses start off with good intentions and drift in order to stay. To stay competitive. And many, many businesses, as we know nothing, all of which are entirely bad, such as the pharmaceutical industry. They're bad. They're instances of, like, the opioid crisis, but then there are drugs from the pharmaceutical industry that help save lives. I mean, that's my stance. The food industry. I think there are good actors and there are bad actors, but we're talking about the food industry. Okay, well, we can talk about the exercise industry. We talk about the podcast industry. I mean, you got good actors and bad actors. But what you've alluded to several times here, and you're more informed than I am, is a concerted effort to lace food with a form of sugar that makes people crave more of that food, and that is causing metabolic illness, disrupting mitochondria. And on and on.
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker A: And you're the physician, not me. You've worked with patients who struggle with obesity and for various reasons, not me. And so we could probably spend hours, if not days, talking about all the terrible things that the quote unquote food industry has done. But what do you think is the pure motivation? Right. I don't think that they want people to be sick, but they want to sell product, and this sells more product. So then it raises two questions. Why is it that more people don't know about know this information, although many more will know after today's conversation? But, and certainly in government, it's a mix. Regardless of what side of the aisle you're on or if you're right, in between, there are clearly people that care about the health of themselves and others. So I can understand how things might have gotten to this point. But what do you think are the barriers to getting people to appreciate just what a problem this is and getting people to change their choices in terms of what they're eating? Are they truly addicted to the point where they are sick? They can't make good decisions. Like a drug addict who's highly addicted to heroin is a sick person, they have an illness, and they need treatment, but until they get that treatment, they can't make good decisions.
Speaker B: Let's take an analogy. Alcohol. 40% of Americans are teetotalers. Never touch the stuff.
Speaker A: 40% don't drink.
Speaker B: 40% don't drink.
Speaker A: Great. I'm not a big fan of alcohol. I've never seen it make anyone better at anything that really mattered. No, because except drinking.
Speaker B: And that doesn't really completely vestigial. There's no biochemical reaction in the body that requires alcohol. Okay. For the same reason, by the way, fructose. 40% are social drinkers. You know, you can pick up a beer, put it down. I'm in that category. 10% are binge drinkers and 10% are chronic alcoholics. Okay, now, do you deprive the 40% of social drinkers because of the 20% of binge drinkers and chronic alcoholics?
Speaker A: I believe people should be in choice, but I believe people should know what they are doing so that they can be in choice. Right. Like, do as you, I always say. And I said this about the alcohol episode, which turned out to be one of our most prolific episodes, where I said more than two drinks, zero is better than any, and more than two drinks per week. You need to do other things to offset that, and it's problematic. Those are what the data say. But I would say, do as you want, but know what you're doing well.
Speaker B: So I would say that that's exactly what the food industry wants you to think. That is the food industry's mantra is, you have your own choice, personal responsibility. So the question is, does personal responsibility work? And the answer is, no, it doesn't. Every public health debacle in the history of mankind started out as a personal health issue before it became a public health crisis. And you can pick your personal responsibility issue, whether it be exposures, whether it be addictions, whether it be infections. Bottom line is, ultimately, it required a societal response. Okay, we can talk about syphilis. We can talk about tuberculosis. Ultimately needed a public health response. We can talk about teen pregnancy. We can talk about tobacco. Tobacco ultimately needs a public health response because the sheer enormity of it and the egregiousness of it requires that public health response. Well, turns out this is no different. In order to exercise personal responsibility, four criteria have to be met. Those four criteria are the following. Number one, knowledge. You have to have the knowledge, because if you don't have the knowledge, then how can you exercise personal responsibility? Well, in fact, the public's being kept from the knowledge. We're doing this now in part two, in, you know, to entrain that knowledge to get people to understand what the problem is.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, I consider myself pretty informed about nutrition and health, but already today, I've learned two dozen facts about processing of fructose and calories, generally, that I had no knowledge of prior.
Speaker B: Well, that's good, okay. Because it's not about the math, it's about the science. Okay? They want it to be about calories. So we have this thing called food science, we have this thing called nutrition, and we have this thing called metabolic health. They are not the same. Food science is what happens to food between the ground and the mouth. Nutrition is what happens to food between the mouth and the cell. Metabolic health is what happens to food inside the cell. But all of the chronic diseases that we are suffering from, type two diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, cardiovascular disease, cancer, dementia, fatty liver disease, polycystic ovarian disease, those eight diseases which make up 75% of healthcare expenditures in this country today, are all inside the cell because they are all mitochondrial dysfunction. And there is no medicine that gets to the mitochondria.
Speaker A: Although you and others at Stanford, Harvard, et cetera, are starting this with metabolic psychiatry being one instance. Right? Indeed, and UCSF as well. Forgive me. She mentioned UCSF up front. Your home institution. Wonderful institution, right up the road from Stanford. So, you know, things are changing. People are starting to think about mitochondrial health.
Speaker B: They are.
Speaker A: Okay, so you list off the first. The first thing you said. There are four things that stand as bare. First one was knowledge. Okay.
Speaker B: Second, access. Because if you don't have access, then how can you exercise personal responsibility?
Speaker A: Access to healthier alternatives.
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker A: Which means cost effective. I mean, I love berries from the farmer's market more than I love berries from the store. I love the farmers markets generally, but it takes time, energy to go there, and the cost is actually lower at the level of what you hand the vendor typically. But volume is tough to achieve. They actually have me at a quota. I'm not allowed to buy as many berries as I want because obviously there are other people who want berries. So there's that.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: People have to feed their family. And we're used to eating a lot of volume, but you're able to at least go there sometimes.
Speaker B: Okay, we're talking about people who live in, quote, food deserts. We're also talking about people who live in food swamps. When we're talking about food swamps, we're not talking about a plethora of healthy foods. We're talking about all the junk. That's what they. They live in the swamp of junk. So if you live in the swamp of junk, how are you supposed to exercise personal responsibility? Number three, affordability. So you have to be able to afford your choice, and society has to be able to afford your choice. And right now, we can't afford that choice because health care costs right now are at $4.1 trillion a year.
Speaker A: But like so many things in behavioral economics and health, it's so hard for people to see that the immediate choice is leading to a higher cost down the road. There are just too many nodes of separation for people to realize, hey, when I'm reaching for this cereal, as opposed to making waffles for my kids from scratch, or they're thinking, time, efficiency, cost efficiency, volume. The kid's not throwing tantrums because they're no longer getting the cereal. Very difficult to see. This is the reason why health care costs are going up. There are just too many nodes of separation.
Speaker B: Well, couldn't agree more. But ultimately, it's because the government separates and silos food industry profits from healthcare costs. If you actually combine those because they ultimately are the same, you would see the problem. So globally, the food industry grosses $9 trillion a year. Healthcare costs globally cost $11 trillion a year. Dietary related healthcare costs, environmental costs cost $7 trillion a year, and productivity costs cost $1 trillion a year. So when you do the math, nine minus eleven minus seven minus one means that there is a $10 trillion a year deficit because of us cleaning up the mess that the food industry makes.
Speaker A: And while numbers like that, that's not affordable. Right? I agree. And while numbers like that land really hard, I find that for myself and for many people, statistics like that are hard to keep in mind, in a way. There's something about the human brain that hears that and goes, whoa. Where? Like, that war costs that much, and this food issue costs that much. And then we go to the store, and we're hungry, and the kids are hungry, and so those nodes of separation, it's almost like a neural memory, prefrontal cortex issue to me. And, of course, I look at everything through the lens of neurobiology.
Speaker B: Me too.
Speaker A: Not everything, but most everything. And so how could I not? How could we not? But then the issue is, well, there's still food on the shelves, and so it's very, what do we do to connect, to bring closer together these nodes? What would the government do?
Speaker B: So the question is, is there food on the shelves? Let me finish the fourth one, and then I want to come back to that point. Let me just, you know, finish a concept. So, affordability and number four, externalities. Your choice can't hurt anybody else. But what if your choice does hurt somebody else? So, like for tobacco, secondhand smoke.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: Four. Alcohol, drunk driving.
Speaker A: What was the argument for teen pregnancy? That someone else was gonna have to raise the kids.
Speaker B: Exactly. But what about for food? Okay, well, how about the fact that your employer, Stanford University, has to pay $2,750 per year in obesity related healthcare expenses that they have passed on to you, even though you're not obese, that is affecting you. So that guy's obesity right there. That is affecting you.
Speaker A: But there, nowadays, it's especially tricky even to have the conversation. I'm willing to have it now, which is that there's this whole concept of fat shaming, right? So if somebody is obese, whose fault is it? And if we even talk about it, are we subject to attack? Legitimate attack. So calling something someone obese at a clinical level, like, I mean, you're an expert in.
Speaker B: Don't talk about obesity. Let's talk about diabetes.
Speaker A: Okay, so talk about the consequence of obesity.
Speaker B: Yeah. Let's talk about the metabolic health issue itself. Okay? The fact is that diabetes is now 11.4% of America.
Speaker A: What was it, 20 years ago?
Speaker B: It was 20 years ago. It was about.
Speaker A: I was wondering this earlier, 20 years ago, there was a lot more margarine in refrigerators, but people were thinner and there was less diabetes. Everything you told us about margarine in trans fats is that it's bad, bad, bad. Now butter is back, as Time magazine. And you said so clearly. Can't be the transition away from trans fats that's increased obesity.
Speaker B: Well, no, no.
Speaker A: So it's going to be the increase in sugar and hidden. The increase in sugar and these hidden sugars and.
Speaker B: Exactly. The key, though, is Pakistan and India and China. They are not fat, but they have 14% diabetes rates and they're thin. And the reason is because of ultra processed food.
Speaker A: Are there any countries in the world that don't allow high fructose corn syrup? Or at least not at the level that we do?
Speaker B: Oh, boatloads. Okay. There are boatloads of countries that don't import high fructose corn syrup or don't make it.
Speaker A: So scandinavian countries, scandinavian countries, most of.
Speaker B: Europe, other than the Asia Pacific rim. So Japan has it. In fact, it was invented in Japan, 1966. Saga medical school Takasaki et al. Korea has it, but Australia does not have it. Thailand does not have it, but they have just as much of an obesity and diabetes problem as we do. Because they have sucrose. Because high fructose corn syrup and sucrose are no different metabolically, so it doesn't really matter.
Speaker A: It's that one to one.
Speaker B: It's the one to one thing. Exactly.
Speaker A: Of glucose and fructose.
Speaker B: So here's the question, Andrew. Okay, so I want to go back to that. You said all this food is still on the shelves. Is it food? What is the definition of food?
Speaker A: Can I give the definition I think most people would give? That's not necessarily the one I would give, but something that contains caloric energy. I could eat this microphone, but it's not going to provide much useful energy.
Speaker B: The definition of food, straight from the dictionary. And believe me, I looked it up and memorized it.
Speaker A: I believe you.
Speaker B: Substrate that contributes to either growth or burning of an organism.
Speaker A: Interesting.
Speaker B: That is the definition of food.
Speaker A: I'm pretty scientific.
Speaker B: 100% correct. Growth or burning. So any substrate that passes your lips that contributes to either growth or burning, that's food. Okay, let's do it. Let's do burning. First, I just showed you that sugar, which is the marker of ultra processed food, and 73% of the items in the grocery store are spiked with sugar, inhibits burning, it inhibits those three enzymes involved in mitochondrial function. Now let's do growth. My colleague, Doctor Efrat Moncinego Ornan, who is the chairman of nutrition at Hebrew University, Jerusalem, actually looked at this question and showed that ultra processed food actually inhibits growth. It inhibits cortical bone growth, it inhibits trabecular bone growth, it inhibits cancellous bone growth, it inhibits linear bone growth, it hijacks growth for cancer because it inhibits mitochondria. And so you have to then grow instead of burn.
Speaker A: And this was work that was done in. In vivo or in vitro?
Speaker B: In vivo.
Speaker A: In vivo. So these are people that are eating high amounts of highly processed food.
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker A: How did he find those in the Middle east?
Speaker B: In Israel, they found them. So the bottom line is, if a substrate does not contribute to growth and does not contribute to burning, is it a food?
Speaker A: I guess the answer is no.
Speaker B: Well, that's 73% of what's in the grocery store. So I would argue. You said the food's there. No, it's not. That's not food. In fact, it's consumable poison.
Speaker A: So this leads to an important question of what's left? Right? You remove all that. What's left, just anecdotally and what I sometimes call anecdote. I've had several friends in their forties and early fifties say they wanted to lose weight and get in shape. And the thing that's worked every single time, for them to lose significant amounts of. Of weight quickly and keep it off. And many of them were already exercising, but then also increased their exercise. Was I just, since I'm not a dietitian, nutritionist or anything, I just say, eat meat, fish, eggs, vegetables, fruits. You're not going to eat starches, you're not going to drink alcohol, you're not going to drink soda, you can still have coffee, tea, you can still have artificial sweeteners. I will get to artificial sweeteners in a little bit.
Speaker B: We have to go.
Speaker A: And the reason I say no starch is even though I personally eat rice, oatmeal, pasta, things of that sort, some in moderation, depending on what sort of exercise I'm doing and how much, is because of the fact that nowadays, many of those things contain fructose. And inevitably, every one of those people is blown away by the fact that it, quote unquote works and assumes that it's all because of reduced calorie intake overall. And they lose anywhere from 30 to 55 pounds and keep it off and they're like, hey, this is great. I can actually still eat ribeye steaks and salads, but they're not eating croutons. And so in some sense, it looks extreme. It sounds ketogenic, but it's nothing like that. You're just saying, basically, stay away from. You're eliminating processed foods, you're eliminating liquid calories in general, and on and on. And so there's nothing sophisticated about it. And my question to you is, how much of that weight loss effect do you think is a calories in versus calories out effect? Because they're eating a lot of food, and in some cases. And how much of it do you think is the elimination or near elimination of this fructose or this glucose fructose combination?
Speaker B: It's nothing to do with the calories. It has everything to do with the insulin. If you get the insulin down, you're not shunting energy to fat. You can lose weight. Your fat will give up the triglycerides stored in it as soon as your insulin goes down. Insulin is pushing on your fat cell all the time. And as long as your insulin's up, your fat cell can't release it. The minute your insulin goes down, you can now engage in what we call lipolysis. Hormone sensitive lipase is an enzyme in the fat cell that is inhibited by insulin. As soon as the insulin is gone, hormone sensitive lipase can turn that stored triglyceride into free fatty acids and glycerol and release it, and you can lose weight. So get the insulin down, and it all works. So the question is, what makes insulin go up? Well, two things, refined carbohydrate and sugar. Those are the two things that make insulin go up. In addition, branched chain amino acids make insulin go up as well. Leucine, isoleucine, valine, which is in corn fed beef, chicken, and fish. Processed food. All right, here's the deal. In one concept, my colleague, Doctor Carlos Montero, who is a professor of public health at the University of Sao Paulo, has done the world a great service. He has developed a system for categorization of food processing. It is called the Nova system. Just means new. But he has basically categorized every food anywhere in the world into one of four classes. The easiest way to explain this would be an example. Let's take an apple. Nova class one would be an apple picked off a tree. Nova class two would be apple slices, de stemmed, deseeded, deskinned, maybe. Nova class three would be applesauce, cooked, macerated, possibly a preservative. Added maybe some extra sugar, maybe not. Nova class four would be a McDonald's apple pie. Does that McDonald's apple pie look anything like that? Apple?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: Is there even any apple in it? Maybe a tiny, maybe not.
Speaker A: Maybe a tiny bit.
Speaker B: You know, it's all flavor enhanced, et cetera. Okay. Turns out, and this is epidemiologic data, but nonetheless, prospective epidemiologic data. So it's not useless. That Nova class four, that ultra processed food category, which is 73% of the american grocery store, is the class that is associated with all of these chronic metabolic diseases. Nova class one through three. No problem.
Speaker A: Now, when you say associated, what percentage of one's daily total caloric intake needs to come from Nova class four before that statement you just made is true, because I love the recommendation you made earlier, or that, let's just say the contour of a. You don't have to avoid dessert. You can enjoy dessert, but don't eat dessert at other times of day. And maybe you don't eat dessert every single night. Is there a rule that people have to eat dessert every single night?
Speaker B: So the answer is about seven to 10% would be at the upper limit.
Speaker A: So you can get seven to 10% of your caloric intake, daily caloric intake, from these nova class four foods. And still.
Speaker B: And still be okay.
Speaker A: And still be okay, yeah. So this is.
Speaker B: I know, but that's not what's happening, right?
Speaker A: I know some very healthy physicians who I used to observe how people ate and moved, because I would pay attention in my. In our field. Right. I was like, oh, you know, people all around me at Stanford, UCSF, etcetera, were successful, or else they wouldn't be there. I was like, who looks healthy? Who can make it up the stairs and doesn't have to take the elevator? How much exercise are people doing at a given age? Are they fanatic, like, four in the morning runners? I'm not going to do that consistently unless I have to. I observed that many of the healthiest people I know, they move a lot during the day. They ate very well. Many of them skip breakfast or lunch, not always. And then I also noticed that they would drink very little or no alcohol, but they would enjoy. Like, there's one physician at UCSF in particular I'm thinking of, who really enjoyed his dark chocolate kit Kat after lunch, and he sort of very ceremonial about the unraveling of the foil and the end of the day, and it was like, okay, so you're talking about that small percentage of calories.
Speaker B: If that's all you do. Hey, God bless you. But that's not what people are doing. That's the problem. Bottom line, that Nova class four is where all the action is in terms of chronic metabolic disease. So the question is, how can you avoid that? How do you know which is which? We have a solution. So my colleagues and I have developed a web based tool that is available to the entire world right now. And you'll put it in your show notes?
Speaker A: Yeah, we'll put a link to this.
Speaker B: Absolutely. It's called perfect perfact, and you can find it at perfect dot Co. And what it is is it's a recommendation engine, not AI. We're going to talk about AI in a minute. But it is a recommendation engine based on the science of human metabolism that categorizes foods based on not their nutrient content, but on their metabolic effect.
Speaker A: Interesting.
Speaker B: And so there is a Nova filter, which will filter out all the Nova class four stuff, and it will go to your grocery store and will tell you what you can buy. That will be in Nova class one through three, which turns out to only be 20% of the grocery store.
Speaker A: It means basically staying on the periphery of the grocery store in general. In general, the produce, the meat, the.
Speaker B: Dairy, all the things you mentioned, in fact. So I'm not low carb, I'm low insulin. And there are a lot of ways to get to low insulin. Get rid of the refined carbohydrate, get rid of the sugar, increase the fiber, get rid of the branched chain amino acids. Okay. So eating fish is a good place to be. Even eating a steak is okay if it's a pasture fed steak. So let's talk about your steak, which.
Speaker A: Is also better for the animals, right?
Speaker B: It is. Absolutely. So you mentioned marbling before. We love our marbling. Right. We can cut our, us grade a steaks with a butter knife because they're so tender. Right. You ever been to Argentina?
Speaker A: Yeah, my father's Argentina.
Speaker B: Oh, right. That's right. You're argentinian.
Speaker A: Yeah. They only know. They only know grass fed steak. The idea that cows would eat anything but grass is sort of like the idea that fish would fly.
Speaker B: Absolutely. New Zealand, same thing. Okay. The meat is gorgeous. It's homogeneous, it's pink, it's delightful. I've been to Argentina. The meat is fantastic. But you have to use a steak knife. You can't use a butter knife.
Speaker A: And it takes more chewing.
Speaker B: And it takes more chewing because there's sinew. It's a different experience entirely. It's delicious, but it is kind of a little bit tougher. Turns out that marbling is intramyocellular lipid. That animal has metabolic syndrome.
Speaker A: The american corn fed.
Speaker B: The american corn fed animal because that corn is filled with branched chain amino acids. Leucine, isoleucine, valine. Branched chain amino acids are what's in protein powder. That's what bodybuilders put in their smoothies to build muscle. And if you're building muscle, that's okay because 20% of the amino acids in muscle are branch chain. So if you've got a place to put them, have at it.
Speaker A: Yeah, there's a need there because they're breaking down muscle.
Speaker B: Yeah, fine. But if you're not, if you're, again, a mere mortal like me, you consume those excess branched chain amino acids, they're going to go to the liver, they're going to be deamidated like we talked about earlier, and they're going to end up as branch chain organic acids. They're going to flood the mitochondria. The mitochondria are not going to be able to deal with the volume, and so they're going to divert the excess and turn that into fat. And so now you've got hypertriglyceridemia and chance for fatty liver disease and insulin resistance. So what kind of meat you eat has a lot to do with your metabolic health.
Speaker A: What about the egg? The whole egg? Near, near perfect protein score in terms of its bioavailability.
Speaker B: Eggs are terrific. There's nothing wrong with eggs. Now there are better eggs than others. Well, there's yellow yolk eggs and there are orange yolk eggs. What's the difference between a yellow oak egg and an orange oak egg?
Speaker A: I'm guessing that something about the feed of the mother chicken, and I'm guessing it probably also has something to do with choline content.
Speaker B: Omega three s. Ah, interesting. Okay. The orange yolk egg has a lot of omega three s in it.
Speaker A: What are other great sources of omega three s? I know some off the top of my head, but I'd like to hear it from you.
Speaker B: Okay, so marine life is number one. Okay.
Speaker A: You know, fish, provided you're not bringing in heavy metals with it.
Speaker B: Well, yes. So, I mean, that's always the argument. The question is, is it the mercury or is it the omega three s? Ultimately, I think it's the omega three s that is more important. But, yes, I do understand the mercury issue. Ultimately, there are three omega three s. There's ala, alpha, linolenic acid, which you can get in vegetables. There is EPA eicosapenta, enoic acid, which you can only get in marine life. Fish oil, cod liver oil and finally DHa, docohexaenoic acid, which you also get from marine life, but you can get from algae. So you can get algal oil which the vegans will use.
Speaker A: Do you personally take anything to increase your omega three intake? I know that there's even prescription omega three s. I take fish oil, you take a fish oil.
Speaker B: I only take three subs.
Speaker A: Okay. I'd like to know what those are. I will say that I always, always, always say behaviors first, right. Do's and don'ts behaviors. Nutrition then only if needed and one can afford it, then supplementation and prescription drugs. And I'm a big consumer of supplements and always have been, frankly. So what are the three? So you take fish oil and do you take to get above a certain.
Speaker B: Threshold of EPA, about 1000 milligrams.
Speaker A: You say about a gram a day.
Speaker B: Gram a day.
Speaker A: Vitamin C. How much vitamin C do you have?
Speaker B: A thousand milligrams a day.
Speaker A: You and Linus Pauling?
Speaker B: Yeah, well, it's actually from my rosacea. I've got skin issue and vitamin C.
Speaker A: Helps, helps with that. Interesting.
Speaker B: And finally, vitamin D. Now I will tell you, vitamin D is a complicated one, all right? And we can talk about vitamin D and how either important or non important it is because there's a quirk to vitamin D and it's important for your audience to know about it because everybody and his brothers touting vitamin D, it's a cure for everything.
Speaker A: It's sort of funny because you have your supplement lovers, haters and agnostics but vitamin D somehow made it through the shoot. Like everyone's like pro vitamin D. It's really interesting. Somehow vitamin D, people are comfortable taking a vitamin D gel cap. But other supplements where you say, oh, like maybe this might be good for omega three s and fish oil then people are a little bit more standoffish. It's really interesting that the kind of psychosocial stuff around this. How much vitamin D do you personally take?
Speaker B: I take 5000 units a day.
Speaker A: Okay, so do I. Vitamin D is complicated, though.
Speaker B: Here's the problem. If you look at the literature, vitamin D deficiency is associated with all these chronic metabolic diseases. However, supplementation with vitamin D has not fixed any of those. So if you're vitamin D deficient, why wouldn't supplementation fix it? A couple of reasons. One, one of the reasons for vitamin D deficiency is because everyone's drinking soft drinks. That's one reason. But there's a more important reason.
Speaker A: Sugar and I artificially sweetened soft drinks can deplete vitamin D utilization.
Speaker B: Well, you're not consuming dairy because you're consuming soft drinks.
Speaker A: But I can't tolerate milk anymore.
Speaker B: Well, then you take vitamin D. But here's the real nugget of truth, and this is a little complicated, but the endocrinologists and the audience will get it. Vitamin D is a pre pro hormone. It's not active at all. Vitamin D is converted in the liver. First step to a compound called 25 hydroxy vitamin D. That is a prohormone. It also is inactive. It has no activity whatsoever. From there, 25 hydroxyvitamin D can be metabolized one of two ways. It can either be one alpha hydroxylated in the kidney to the active form, one alpha 125 dihydroxy vitamin D, which will then do all of the business of vitamin D, such as calcium absorption from the gut, suppression of the immune system at the toll like receptor four.
Speaker A: That sounds like a bad thing.
Speaker B: No, that's a good thing.
Speaker A: I know, but I had to bring that up, because when you say suppression of the immune system, people go, I'm immunosuppressed, nobody that sounds like AIDS.
Speaker B: It suppresses inflammation. It's a good thing, suppression of inflammation. And that's actually the point that we're getting to. So there are a lot of good things about 125 dihydroxy vitamin D. However, that 25 hydroxy D that came out of the liver can be metabolized a different way. It can be 24 hydroxylated in inflammatory tissue like tuberculosis, sarcoid, gut inflammation. And so you will end up taking your 25 hydroxy D, which is a pro hormone, and turning it into the inactive 24, 25 dihydroxyd, which then just gets excreted out. So in other words, you consumed all this vitamin D and it didn't go where you needed it to go. And the reason was because you're inflamed, you have to fix the inflammation before the vitamin D can be effective. And 93% of Americans are inflamed. So giving them vitamin D is not going to do a damn thing.
Speaker A: Got it. Is reducing fructose intake one of the primary ways to reduce systemic inflammation?
Speaker B: Absolutely. What are some others reducing oxidative stress in general. So heavy metals like cadmium, you know, cadmium is very high in chocolate, especially south american chocolate.
Speaker A: Sorry, no, I'm not a fan of chocolate. I occasionally like a little dark chocolate, but. So if people are going to eat chocolate, they should be careful how much chocolate.
Speaker B: They eat well, especially if it's south american chocolate and processed chocolate. I mean, the really good.
Speaker A: We're going to be on the hit list of so many industries after this episode comes out.
Speaker B: All I can tell you is I've been on the hit list for a decade, and I'm still.
Speaker A: You're just one big target.
Speaker B: Yeah, right.
Speaker A: Got it.
Speaker B: I got it. It's on my back.
Speaker A: Kick everywhere.
Speaker B: I already got that. The main thing is to make that gut work, right? So fiber, short chain fatty acid production from fiber is a huge, you know.
Speaker A: Boon to reduce inflammation. To reduce inflammation about improving sleep. Is there any evidence that chronic, slight sleep deprivation can increase inflammation?
Speaker B: Well, what it will do is it'll increase cortisol, and chronically increased cortisol will definitely lead to increased inflammation, which is funny, because cortisol is usually considered the anti inflammatory, but only acutely chronic cortisol elevation does the opposite.
Speaker A: If we can contribute to. I have this secret agenda, which is not a secret, which is that people think cortisol is bad, when in fact, acutely cortisol does wonderful things, provided it's happening at the right time of day, late shifted cortisol bad, too much or too frequent cortisol bad. But cortisol, you need it. It's so essential. And I think most people just hear cortisol, and it's been associated with all things bad, and maybe we can help shift that narrative.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm very happy. I mean, as an endocrinologist, you know, this is, you know, this is my wheelhouse. This is where I live. Cortisol is a good news, bad news deal. Like so many things, short term gain for long term pain. Okay? So when you are in what we call allostasis, that is perturbation of homeostasis, that is a stress, an acute stress. Cortisol is one of the things that helps you manage that bodily and mental stress. So an english test, a car accident, running away from the lion, you know, the famous, you know, pygmy running away from the lion. All of those require cortisol in order to manage and mitigate that stress.
Speaker A: The upcoming 2024 election, that's chronic stress.
Speaker B: That is not acute stress. That's the worst.
Speaker A: That would be the only mention of politics on this podcast.
Speaker B: And we don't have to go there, but we're all chronically stressed, and we can talk about why that is and what's going on, and I'm actually very interested in that. And a colleague of mine in Paris and I have built a computational model of the limbic system, which focuses on the stress center of the brain, the amygdala, to understand how chronic stress is different from acute stress and how that chronic stress ultimately leads to metabolic and mental health disaster.
Speaker A: Very interested in learning more about that before we touch on that. You've worked a lot with kids. People age, as you put it, zero to 19. I don't know about the exact numbers, but when I was growing up, there were some kids in school that were overweight, but it was the occasional kid. Right now, it seems, depending on where one draws the threshold for overweight, it seems that there are a lot of kids that are overweight.
Speaker B: How about 25% obese and 40% overweight?
Speaker A: Okay, so obviously a serious problem. Serious problem now and going forward.
Speaker B: Indeed.
Speaker A: What about adults in the US? I remember seeing at a meeting a map of obesity in the US, and over time, and it very quickly filled in from very few people were obese to very many. Colorado was this beacon of fit people. But now it's no longer.
Speaker B: And that's bullshit, too.
Speaker A: Okay, cool.
Speaker B: I'll tell you why there are four things that can increase mitochondrial biogenesis.
Speaker A: You can tell me altitude is cold.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's why Colorado is less obese. Altitude. That's why Colorado is less obese. And what were the other two? Those were the reason. It had nothing to do with being more fit. It had to do with cold and altitude. Example, Switzerland. Compared to Germany, they got the same crappy food. But Switzerland has half the obesity that Germany does. I love it. Switzerland is higher.
Speaker A: I love the food. When I go to Munich, I love the schnitzels, and it's wonderful sauerkraut.
Speaker B: They got that in Switzerland, too.
Speaker A: Okay, so they had great food.
Speaker B: Switzerland's less obese. Same way Colorado is less obese. It's because of the altitude.
Speaker A: You mentioned cold. Many listeners to this podcast are at least interested in some also practiced deliberate cold exposure, cold showers, cold plunges, mainly for the. I think the best data are the increases in catecholamines, epinephrine, norepinephrine, dopamine, that are long lasting. People feel a big state shift, they feel better. But when one looks at the effects on metabolism, they're pretty slight. They're slight. However, studies like that, to me, always seem short sighted in the sense that if there's a longer arc of effect on the mitochondria, that's affecting other things in terms of how calories are processed or how calories are feeding into mitochondrial function or dysfunction. There I could see how it might shift the scale, so to speak. I mean, cold is an amazingly powerful stimulus.
Speaker B: It is.
Speaker A: And I think of light cold, food movement. It's kind of like the core four ways in which you can shift physiology easily.
Speaker B: All of these things are eminently manipulable, and for almost $0. But you have to know what you're doing. And right now, we've been actually kept from that knowledge. And if you're addicted, it's really hard to un addict yourself.
Speaker A: So that brings us back to this thing about food industry conspiracies, government conspiracies, and the rest. Boy, this is going to be an interesting we can go section, but what do we do? So if you and I go up to Capitol Hill, which I've done. Yeah, which you've done. And maybe I'll join you someday. And you're at UCSF. I'm down at Stanford. You're a clinician. I'm a scientist and public health advocate podcaster. And we explain to people, hey, listen, the food is laced with a drug. It's not even really food.
Speaker B: That's right. It's not food.
Speaker A: It's an aggregate of food and non food parts that make you think it's food. It's sort of like telling people, hey, your kids are, you know, they're swimming in a swimming pool, looks like water, but it's actually part poison. And it's harming them. It's giving them, you know, if you say those kinds of things, I mean, congressmen and women are. They're like reasonably smart people, right? I mean, aren't they gonna do something about it?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: So where is the conflict? Is it that the food industry has the government by the short hairs?
Speaker B: That's exactly right.
Speaker A: And they have them buy the short hairs. Wherever are they lining their pockets? I mean, where is the leverage actually exerted?
Speaker B: Okay, so they are lining their pockets. That's number one. That is absolutely true. We have the data to support that. Blanche Lincoln, who was a senator from Arkansas, who was the chairman of the nutrition committee, you had to see her campaign contributions every time she was up for reelection.
Speaker A: So it's all about getting reelected, or it's about them, like, having a third home in the Hamptons.
Speaker B: I think it's a the third home in the Hamptons more than anything.
Speaker A: Okay, so it's really as bad as some of the documentaries would make us believe, without question.
Speaker B: Goodness. And we have the data. There is an organization that I absolutely want to call out because they are the most egregious political organization on the face of the earth, they're called the American Legislative Exchange Council. Alec or Alec. And they write bills. They are a bill mill. Okay. And they are for whoever gives them money. And who gives them money? Big pharma, big agra, big oil and big food.
Speaker A: So you're including Big Pharma. You're a physician, you've written scripts before. You've written prescriptions for patients before. Isn't that pharma that provides the drugs that allows your patients to feel better?
Speaker B: Well, the question is, do they. Do they feel better? This is a big question. Let's. You want to go?
Speaker A: But you're writing the script. I mean. I mean, I'm just trying to. I'm not trying to. I'm not challenged you, but. I see. So you don't. There have to be instances where someone's thyroid deficient and you give them, you.
Speaker B: Know, so if you've got a disease and a medicine will replace what's missing. Sure. Okay. So for deficiency diseases, which, as an endocrinologist, that's what I do. Absolutely. And I did that with no compunction of impropriety whatsoever. But that's not what we're talking about here. Let's talk about what we're really talking about. Let's start with statins. Statins, lower ldl. Okay. To statins, reduced heart disease. Yes or no?
Speaker A: You know, I seem to be whiffing today on all the quizzes, and it's kind of becoming fun for me at this level. I'm going to go with no, but I will say my friend and I think his expert physician as well, Peter Attia and others, has talked about some of the positive attributes of statins in certain cases.
Speaker B: For certain patients. In certain cases. That's exactly right. And I completely agree. And by the way, Peter's a friend and, you know, we someday we'll. We'll, you know, all, you know, go out drinking together.
Speaker A: Yeah. Well, I won't drink, but. All right, well, how about we share a steak?
Speaker B: Share? Absolutely.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: You got it.
Speaker A: You guys, I don't. I don't know if he drinks.
Speaker B: He drinks a little, if you're listening. Okay.
Speaker A: He drinks a little bit.
Speaker B: Porterhouse on me.
Speaker A: Yeah. I don't do the dessert or the. Or the alcohol anymore, but I'm. And it's not so I can live to be 120. It's so I can wake up the next morning and keep up with you guys.
Speaker B: It's fine. I get it. So for primary prevention, that is, your ldl is high. You need a statin. That's primary prevention. You haven't declared yourself, you haven't had an event for primary prevention. The mean increase in lifespan for being on a statin is four days.
Speaker A: Four days. Four days, four days. You have to chuckle.
Speaker B: And the risk for diabetes is 20% increase.
Speaker A: What about any improvement in quality of.
Speaker B: Life done for primary prevention? Now for secondary prevention? For secondary. In other words, you've already declared yourself, you already have a problem for secondary prevention. That's where statins shine. So there's a value to them. I'm not arguing that. And if you have familial hypercholesterolemia, which is one in 500, not only do you need a statin, but you need a low fat diet and a priest. There is definitely a value to statins, but not for primary prevention. But that's what every doctor is doing. Oh, your ldl, it's over 80, you need a statin. That's ridiculous. That is absolutely a joke. And the data show that, in fact, my colleague Asim Malhotra in the UK participated in an analysis where they took the entire UK population and they took out everybody under age 65. So looking at people 65 to 90, and it turned out that the LDL level correlated with longevity. The higher the ldl, the longer they lived when you took out all the people who had problems. So LDL is not really the problem. And the reason is because there are two ldls. There's one called large buoyant, there's one called small dense. Turns out dietary fat raises your large buoyant. Your large buoyant is irrelevant. It is cardiovascularly neutral. But that's the one that statins affects. The small dense, that's the atherogenic particle. When your small, dense ldl is high, that means you are not clearing triglyceride peripherally, because that's what small dense show you. That's what happens to triglyceride. They become small dents.
Speaker A: Can I take a guess and say that the best way to reduce small dents is to reduce insulin?
Speaker B: Yes. By reducing sugar, because that triglyceride is made in the liver, it's all palmitate, and that's the only fat that the liver knows how to make. And so triglyceride is your liver output of carbohydrate. That's how you have to look at triglyceride. So triglyceride turns out to be much more important as a cardiovascular risk factor than ldl ever was.
Speaker A: So does big pharma and big food. Do they know all of this?
Speaker B: Yes. I know they know because they've told me so. But they have statins to sell and.
Speaker A: Foods in the nova class four.
Speaker B: They know this, too.
Speaker A: So I'm an optimist or what's it going to take to really move the needle? I mean, you described the four barriers we're trying to add to the knowledge component. Now, what's it going to take? Is it going to take having a president in office or congresspeople in office that really understand and care about this stuff? Yeah, I mean, to really revamp the whole system.
Speaker B: So right now the system is completely and utterly broken. Completely and utterly broken. And there's a reason why it's completely and utterly broken is because the food industry likes it that way.
Speaker A: Well, it's profitable for them. Obviously.
Speaker B: There are 51 different federal agencies that manage our food. 51. And none of them know what the other one's doing. And the food industry likes it that way.
Speaker A: So communication across these 51 organizations would help.
Speaker B: Well, if we had a centralized food czar or food, if we split the food off the FDA, because it's not the FDA, it's the daeinhead, or the FDA is not the Food and Drug Administration. It's the federal Drug Administration. They spend a lot of time on drugs. They spend almost no time on food.
Speaker A: Well, let's think about where there's been success. So I can recall when people smoked on planes. I actually recall going to a gym in Europe and there was an ashtray molded into the squat rack that was telling, I don't see people smoking cigarettes around Stanford hospital anymore. But I remember when they initially said that people couldn't smoke anywhere except in this one little designated area. And that's typically what you see nowadays. And my understanding of the anti smoking campaign, at least for kids, for people 18 and younger, was that telling people it was bad for their health didn't work. Showing them lungs that were decrepit didn't work. What worked was showing them commercials of cackling, hand writhing white guys who were talking about how much money they were making off of these naive kids who were buying cigarettes and other tobacco products. So it became the effective campaign to end smoking in young people was to hijack their inherent rebelliousness of youth. And then they were like, no, stick.
Speaker B: It to the men.
Speaker A: Stick it to them, as my friend calls it, the two finger business card. No, that worked. That worked. Vaping is making a comeback. Vaping is a separate episode. We won't get into that because nicotine is still addictive, but you don't see a lot of people smoking cigarettes. So it worked like something that you would never imagine could ever work.
Speaker B: Worked well. So, yes. No, I mean, that's part of it. I'm not going to tell you that it's not. It is part of it. And we actually have an example of how that could be applied to another toxic substance, sugar. We had Berkeley versus big soda. Thats how Berkeley ended up with its soda tax that dates back to 2015.
Speaker A: The city of Berkeley.
Speaker B: City of Berkeley. We just celebrated the five year anniversary of the Berkeley soda tax, and weve been able to actually look. Gestational diabetes, way down. Obesity down slightly, not a lot, but a little bit. Cardiovascular disease down. Dean Schillinger and Chris Madsen at UCSF and UC Berkeley just presented at San Francisco general just three weeks ago.
Speaker A: So a soda tax, like the cigarette tax, just makes soda expensive.
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker A: So you're telling me that a can of coke that I buy on Shattuck Avenue in Berkeley costs more than a can of coke that I buy on University Avenue in Palo Alto?
Speaker B: It does, huh?
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: By a dime.
Speaker A: And that was sufficient enough to create this kind of change?
Speaker B: Well, yes, it is.
Speaker A: Because money hurts.
Speaker B: Because money hurts. Exactly. So, Andrew, there have been four, count em, four cultural tectonic shifts in America in the last 30 years, and they're all undeniable. Here they are, number one. Bicycle helmets and seatbelts.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, everybody uses those.
Speaker B: Two. Smoking in public places.
Speaker A: Nobody does that.
Speaker B: Three, drunk driving.
Speaker A: Hopefully fewer people are doing that.
Speaker B: Four. Condoms and bathrooms.
Speaker A: Condoms in bathrooms.
Speaker B: In bathrooms. In public bathrooms. Yeah.
Speaker A: You see those? More available.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: All right. 30 years ago, if a legislator stood up in a state house and proposed legislation for any one of those four, and I don't care if it's in a state house or in congress or in parliament or in the Duma or anywhere else in the world, they'd have gotten laughed right out of town. Nanny state. Liberty interest. Get out of my kitchen. Get out of my bathroom. Get out of my car. Okay. Today, they're all facts of life. Nobody's bellyaching about any of those. The point is, we were able to solve those four public health debacles. How did we do it? How did we solve those four? No one could imagine that we would ever solve smoking, right? But we did, sort of. I mean, we brought consumption down by half. Okay, that's pretty good. When you think about it, for an addictive substance.
Speaker A: How many fewer people are dying of lung cancer nowadays?
Speaker B: In the US, it's like 80% lower. Wow.
Speaker A: Well, there's also been improvements in treatment, but.
Speaker B: Yeah, but it's the incidence.
Speaker A: It's diagnosed with the incidents.
Speaker B: Incidents gone down.
Speaker A: Amazing.
Speaker B: Okay. Because tobacco's gone down. So the question is, how did that happen? And the answer is very. And why did it take 30 years to do it? We taught the children, the children grew up and they voted, and the naysayers are dead. That's how you make a cultural tectonic shift. So we now have this real food movement. We have people who are arguing against ultra processed food. We have kids who are demanding different in their schools. And by the way, what is the biggest fast food franchise in the United States?
Speaker A: I'm going to get this wrong, so try me again. I don't know. I've never tried it, but I've heard of. Is it chick fil a?
Speaker B: Nope.
Speaker A: Is it McDonald's? I don't know.
Speaker B: It is this nation's public schools.
Speaker A: Ah.
Speaker B: You can add up McDonald's, subway, Burger King and Wendy's, and every other fast food franchise, jack in the box, every fast food franchise in the entire country, and would only be half our nation's public schools. Wow.
Speaker A: So could you imagine a world where there were no class three or class four Nova foods allowed in public schools?
Speaker B: And we're doing it. So I am the chief science officer of a nonprofit and put this in the show notes called Eat real. Eat real.org comma. And we have a new business model for public schools. So in 1971, the Department of Education issued an administrative ordinance called resolution 242. And they did this purely on monetary reasons. This was under Nixon. And what this resolution 242 said was that all school cafeterias all throughout the country had to make book. They had to basically cover their costs. They couldnt be loss leaders for the school. They had to fend for themselves. Well, this sent every food service director in the country scurrying for, how am I going to do this? Because I got all these lunch ladies, personnel and food preparation equipment and costs that they're mounting. How am I going to break even? They couldn't do it. So in walks Aramark and Cisco and Guggenheim and McDonald's, and they say, hey, we'll do it for you. We'll provide every kid in America with a nutritious meal every single day.
Speaker A: Hot lunch.
Speaker B: Well, they didn't say hot, okay? They just said lunch. Nutritious. They said nutritious. And I put that in air quotes, too, because it wasn't nutritious. And here's the added benefit. You can take your food preparation facilities and your footprint in the school. And you can turn that into classrooms because you're going to need them. And that was the goal, because as soon as you've moved the food preparation facilities out of the school, you are now hostage to the food industry for the rest of your life.
Speaker A: And I could also see how that allows room for them to use these commoditized foods, foods that have very long shelf life.
Speaker B: Exactly right.
Speaker A: Because you want to make sure that if you only sold two thirds of the lunches that were prepared, that on next Tuesday after the weekend, you could still give them food that isn't moldy.
Speaker B: Exactly right. And I will tell you. So that's how it happened. And you can actually trace IQ scores and reading and math scores in this country down from 1971 to today.
Speaker A: When I went to school, I was allowed to get, I called it hot lunch because it was usually hot. I was allowed to get the school lunch one day a week, one day a week. The other days I had to bring my lunch. That one day was pretty special. Like, you felt like you were getting a treat. It was usually like corn dog or a hamburger. The hamburger was pretty paltry, but the.
Speaker B: It's a commoditized hamburger.
Speaker A: Yeah, a commoditized hamburger. You had to go looking for the patty portion, and the bread was sweetened. And so it was different. But I don't remember nearly as much obesity. I went to high school in the early nineties. So you're saying that now if I went to a high school, it would be a lot more sodas and donuts and pizza and. Got it.
Speaker B: Pizza is a vegetable. Didn't you know?
Speaker A: They claim it's a vegetable.
Speaker B: Congress said pizza is a vegetable. Amy Klobuchar made pizza a vegetable.
Speaker A: Maybe they need their eyes to, because.
Speaker B: The biggest frozen pizza producer is in Minnesota.
Speaker A: I mean, ketchup is a vegetable was a stretch, but at least it made sense on the nova system of going from Tomato all the way to ketchup.
Speaker B: To ketchup, since high fructose corn syrup is the primary ingredient in ketchup. Indeed. So the point is that our kids are suffering under the weight, the burden of this chronic disaster of ultra processed food, which is not food. And no wonder they're all obese and sick and doing so poorly in school. And by the way, also depressed. Ultra processed food has now been shown in three separate studies to correlate with depression in teenagers.
Speaker A: So what is the relationship between processed food? Or maybe we call it nova system level three four foods and depression and other psychiatric challenges. And if you could you separate out metabolic syndrome from obesity in answering that, is there something inherently depressing about carrying excess adipose tissue? Setting aside any kind of aesthetic stuff, how people want to look or are perceived, is there anything bad about carrying a lot of body fat, independent of the metabolic syndrome for mood and overall sense of well being?
Speaker B: No. I'm really glad you asked that, Andrew. We should have actually covered this earlier. Everyone thinks fat is fat. As we've learned, fat is not fat, and a fat is not a fat, but body fat is not body fat. There are three fat depots, and they are metabolically different. The first is the, does this bathing suit make me look fat? Fat, by the way, never answer that question. That's called subcutaneous fat or big butt fat, if you will. So here's the question. How many pounds or kilos of subcutaneous fat do you have to gain before you become metabolically ill?
Speaker A: I have no idea.
Speaker B: About ten kilos? About 22 pounds. Okay, why? The reason is because that subcutaneous fat drains into the systemic circulation. So you have to have a lot of cytokines coming from those subcutaneous adipocytes to raise the blood level of cytokines to the point where it starts doing damage at the level of the liver.
Speaker A: So fats are releasing cytokines, which are pro inflammatory.
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker A: And they're doing that at rest. Any fat cell.
Speaker B: Any fat cell. Okay, any fat cell. But if it's going to the systemic circulation, you have a volume of distribution of six liters. So you have to lose, you know, you have to have a lot of cytokines to get the concentration up.
Speaker A: Now, just out of fairness to the fat, how many cytokines does a muscle cell release? I mean, are we unfairly picking on adipose tissue? Because why would adipose tissue be pro inflammatory? I mean, a single fat cell. I've got a fat cell sitting in my shoulder someplace. I'm not zero fat at my shoulder. Why would it be pro inflammatory?
Speaker B: In fact, the fat cell itself is not. Here's what happens. The fat cell has a fat vacuole. It has a storage place for this lipid droplet. You stuff it, you stuff it. You stuff it. The fat vacuole gets bigger, bigger, bigger. The perilipin border that encompasses that fat vacuole that borders the space ultimately can't get any bigger, and it starts breaking down. When that happens, it spills the grease into the fat cell. The fat cell dies, becomes necrotic, that calls macrophages in to clean up the grease. And it's the macrophages that release the cytokines. All right? In fact, the fat cell is not the problem. It's the breakdown of the grease that leads to the macrophage activation that's the problem. But when you do it in subcutaneous fat, it's going into this six liter tank, and so the concentration doesn't go up very much. So ten kilos before you start seeing some effect. Fat depot number two, visceral or big belly fat. Now, how many pounds or kilos of big belly fat do you have to gain before you get metabolically ill?
Speaker A: I don't know, but I'm guessing it's less than 22 pounds.
Speaker B: It's way less.
Speaker A: Oh, for once, I got an answer right today.
Speaker B: That's right. About five. About five pounds. Now, the question is why? Number one, the visceral fat does not drain into the systemic circulation. It drains into the portal vein, which goes straight to the liver. So you're getting a bigger load going.
Speaker A: Straight to the liver of cytokines, not to the kidney. The good thing about getting an answer wrong, folks, is that you never forget the correct answer. That's what I always tell my students. Right? So I'll never forget that.
Speaker B: Indeed.
Speaker A: Got it.
Speaker B: And the question is, what made the visceral fat in the first place? Was it calories? No, it's cortisol. It's stress. It's the combination of the sympathetic nervous system and cortisol. And the reason we know this is because you can take patients with major depressive disorder, with endogenous depression, who are suicidal, who have to be admitted to the hospital to keep themselves from killing themselves, stick them in a scanner, and they are losing subcutaneous fat like crazy because they're not eating, but they're gaining visceral fat because of the high cortisol and the stress.
Speaker A: So there's something about the adrenocorticoid receptors in that area that just preferentially depot fat there when cortisol is high.
Speaker B: Indeed, because that's the metabolically active fat, and five pounds will do it. And then finally, the third fat depot, the liver. Now, how many pounds of fat can the liver store before you become metabolically ill?
Speaker A: Got to be even less, because the liver is not nearly as large as the sort of abdominal region.
Speaker B: Half a pound, quarter of a kilo.
Speaker A: How much does a healthy liver?
Speaker B: Healthy liver weighs 1500 grams. So, you know, it's not very.
Speaker A: I'm trying to translate quickly to pounds. So we're going metric. We're going as a standard.
Speaker B: So 1500 grams would be three pounds. So, you know, basically half a pound. Okay, so not very much, because that's where the action is. And so when you have fat in your liver, it causes metabolic dysfunction right away. And the question is, where did that fat come from? That came from alcohol or sugar. So alcohol and sugar, most metabolically egregious because it affects the liver directly, stress second most because it affects the visceral fat and subcutaneous fat, the least important in terms of metabolic derangement. So, yes, it may not look good in the bathing suit, but from a metabolic standpoint, it is actually the least important. So the question then becomes, all right, what are you trying to fix? If you're trying to fix liver fat, it's really easy. Get rid of the alcohol and the sugar, except, of course, they're both addictive.
Speaker A: Will that also liberate any fat that's already in the liver?
Speaker B: Absolutely. And that's one of the reasons why intermittent fasting works, is because it gives your liver a chance to basically offload what it's already stored. That's one of the things that intermittent fasting will buy you is a little less liver fat. So that's a good thing. Now, stress, on the other hand, as you know, and as we've talked about, and as you know, you've had Doctor Liss Apple on your podcast before. You know, stress is tough trying to mitigate stress, especially in today's environment. And I hope you'll invite me back sometime to talk about the role of stress on the amygdala.
Speaker A: Yeah, gladly.
Speaker B: And then finally, subcutaneous fat. So when people go on diet sweeteners, what are they doing? Are they really reducing the fat? And the answer is no.
Speaker A: When are you talking about artificial sweeteners?
Speaker B: Artificial diet sweeteners of any sort, you can pick your artificial sweetener. So aspartame or, you know, sucralose. Sucralose.
Speaker A: Stevia.
Speaker B: Stevia. Monk fruit. The new ones, you know. Yeah.
Speaker A: The one that people are more excited about nowadays is allulose. It's expensive. It tends to have less of an artificial sweetener taste that people can detect. Right. So you're saying that regardless of. Oh, and we should, I'm remembering from the comments section, I do read them, artificial sweeteners and non caloric sweeteners.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Because the moment you say artificial, people say, what about stevia? What about alulose? So let's just say non caloric sweeteners can wrap our arms around that entire category, unless we need to distinguish among the different participants in that category. So you're saying that even though people can lower their total caloric intake pretty effectively. I've seen the studies that show if dieters who consume water only as their main liquid versus diet sodas with aspartame, typically, or stevia, the diet soda drinkers actually lose more weight. We know that. But you're saying there may be deposition of fat in the liver in those individuals, specifically because of the artificial sweetener.
Speaker B: Because of the insulin. Turns out there's still an insulin response. So a very famous study done in Copenhagen, 100 normal individuals, 25 in four different groups. One group, one liter of sugared soda per day for six months.
Speaker A: One liter. That's a lot of sugared soda.
Speaker B: Yeah. One group, one liter of diet soda per day for six months.
Speaker A: I probably did that in graduate school.
Speaker B: One group, one liter of milk per day for six months.
Speaker A: I probably did that when I was an infant.
Speaker B: And finally, one final group, one liter of water per day for six months.
Speaker A: I do that now. I do more than that. But, yeah.
Speaker B: The one liter of soda per day in six months gained ten kilos.
Speaker A: The sugary soda.
Speaker B: The sugary soda.
Speaker A: Ten kilos.
Speaker B: Ten kilos. No surprise the one liter of water per day lost two kilos. Also, no surprise, those were the easy ones. Now let's do the ones in the middle. One liter of milk per day. No change.
Speaker A: Presumably, that was full fat milk. We're talking about full fat milk.
Speaker B: Full fat milk.
Speaker A: Yeah, they like their full fat milk.
Speaker B: No change. Why is that? They're taking on an enormous increase in total caloric intake.
Speaker A: I'm guessing that there is a blunted insulin response due to the fat in.
Speaker B: The milk, and also because lactose is not a very big driver of insulin response, and because there's a satiety effect.
Speaker A: That's like food.
Speaker B: Eat less.
Speaker A: It's like food.
Speaker B: Like food. And finally, the key, the kicker to the whole thing. Diet soda. The one liter of diet soda. What would you predict their weight would do?
Speaker A: More weight loss than in the water group? Based on my understanding of the literature.
Speaker B: They gained two kilos.
Speaker A: Wild. Because they ate more.
Speaker B: Well, you tell me, why did they gain two kilos if they were consuming a liter of diet soda, which are zero calories? The answer is because they still generated an insulin response.
Speaker A: And that insulin response generated more hunger.
Speaker B: More weight and more hunger. Exactly. And that's the key. So they didn't gain the ten kilos. They gained two kilos. So it looks better compared to the sugared version, but it looks like a problem compared to the water version or even the milk version.
Speaker A: So unless you bootstrap calories and hold that constant, you're going to see a weight gain due to artificial sweetener.
Speaker B: Exactly right. And that's been shown 50 ways from Sunday at a whole bunch of different studies. So compared to sugar, yeah, it's better, but compared to water, it's way worse. And the reason is the insulin response. You put something sweet on the tongue, message goes tongue to brain, sugar's coming. Message goes brain to pancreas through the vagus nerve, sugar's coming. Release the insulin. And so tongue doesn't know if it's sugar or not. It releases the insulin, the pancreas releases the insulin, which drives energy into fat, whether it was from the diet sweetener or not.
Speaker A: I saw some really interesting data from Dana Small's group at Yale showing that when people have a diet soda with food, so this is like the diet Coke with the sandwich or with the burger, maybe even with the pasta. The insulin response from the food and the insulin response from the diet soda are compounded, but there's a classical conditioning effect, Pavlovian effect, such that then later, if they just drink the diet soda, they get an even bigger insulin response just to the diet soda than they would have originally if they only had the diet soda separate from food. So in other words, the food induced insulin response is conditioning a greater insulin response from the diet soda.
Speaker B: And we actually have another study that demonstrates the same thing out of Singapore, Te et al, in the american journal Clinical Nutrition 2018. I believe that looked at a similar paradigm. Here's what they did. They took a bunch of people and they admitted them to their clinical research center four times a week apart, and they did them in random order. And each time, they started the morning fasting, and they did either a sucrose tolerance test or an aspartame tolerance test or a sucralose tolerance test or a monk fruit tolerance test. So 2 hours, you know, ingesting one of the three. One of the four. And measuring glucose and insulin over the course of the next 2 hours.
Speaker A: Fasted.
Speaker B: Fasted.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Okay. Then it was time for lunch, and they let them have whatever lunch they want. It was a metabolic buffet. They could eat whatever they wanted off the buffet, except that they were being clocked the same for dinner. They were being clocked, but they could eat whatever they wanted in a given period of time in the 24 hours, okay. From 07:00 a.m. to 07:00 p.m. whenever they went home. Turned out the sucrose tolerance test generated an insulin response. As you'd expect, the monk fruit, the sucralose, and the aspartame did not. But then, when they ate lunch, if they had had one of the three diet sweeteners in the morning, they ate more at lunch and more at dinner and generated an increased insulin response both at lunch and dinner, so that the area under the curve for the whole day was exactly the same.
Speaker A: So they ate significantly more.
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah, because they had the diet soda in the morning. Wild.
Speaker A: Well, I drink drinks that contain stevia, and I don't worry about it too much. But what you're saying is, even if I bootstrap my calories, there's a possibility that the insulin response could have direct effects on the liver.
Speaker B: Exactly right.
Speaker A: And not for the better.
Speaker B: And not for the better. Now, having said that, we have undertaken an interesting project, which I don't know if you know about, in 2020. During the pandemic, I was approached by a food company in the Middle east called kuwaiti danish dairy company KDD. It's the nestle of the Middle east. Now, they make all sorts of junk. Frozen yogurt, flavored milks, ice cream, confectionery biscuits, tomato sauce. Okay. Kuwait has an 18% diabetes rate and an 80% obesity rate. 8080.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker B: In the adults. All right. Now, the company recognized that they wanted to be a metabolically healthy company, and they knew they weren't. They contacted me and said, would you put together a scientific advisory team to advise us what we need to do to change the food in order to be a metabolically healthy company? And we want to lead. And I said, I'd be happy to do that. With one proviso. We get to publish what we did so that it can serve as a roadmap for the rest of the food industry. And they said, fine. And so I convened a scientific advisory team with my colleague, Wolfram Alderson, who started the very first farmers market in Los Angeles and is now actually the director of sustainability and nutrition for KDD. Tim Harlan, who is the head of culinary medicine at George Washington University. Rachel Gao, who is a fatty acid expert who ran the omega three for add trial at the NIH, and Andreas Kornstadt, who's actually a computer scientist from Stanford. And we basically stripped down every single thing that KDD did in terms of procurement, in terms of ingredients, in terms of packaging. We submitted every single ingredient to biochemical analysis because you couldn't trust what the vendors were basically telling KDD was in the food. We had to actually know what was in the food, and that was a half a million dollars all by itself. I mean, this was not a cheap little sojourn into the woods. This was a big deal. We basically re engineered their entire 180 item portfolio, and they have now turned over 10% of their products to be metabolically healthy. And the precepts that we set in this paper, which is in frontiers in nutrition, in March of this year, 2023, three things, three principles. If you adhere to these three principles, you can turn any food healthy, including ultra processed food. Number one, protect the liver. Number two, feed the gut. Number three, support the brain. If you have a food that does all three of those, it is healthy. If you have a food that does none of those three, then it's poison.
Speaker A: Because it's not food. I was going to say it doesn't sound like food is the right descriptor in that case.
Speaker B: Exactly. And if it does one or two, but not all three, then it's going to be somewhere in between. So the goal was to take all of KDD's products and move them from the lowest tier up to the highest tier by adhering to these three principles. And we came up with some very simple things. Number one, got to get rid of the sugar. Number two, got to add fiber. Number three, got to add omega three s. Number four, got to do something about the emulsifiers, because the emulsifiers are causing the gut inflammation. Because, after all, emulsifiers are detergents. They hold fat and water together. They burn a hole in the mucin layer, so they're actually contributing to that gut inflammation. And emulsifiers are strewn throughout ultra processed food.
Speaker A: We've heard about hidden sugars a lot during today's episode and elsewhere, but based on everything you told us about artificial, excuse me, low calorie sweeteners, it makes more sense to me now why foods that are not touted as diet foods would be laced with things like sucralose. Because it should drive the craving for that food through increases in insulin and craving of other foods later that day and later that evening. Is that why non caloric sweeteners are added to all sorts of foods now? That. Because typically one thing is non caloric sweeteners probably only added to, quote unquote, diet foods, low calorie foods, but that's not their own.
Speaker B: You're right. That's not the case. And they are adding diet sweeteners to foods that you didn't know had diet sweeteners in them. That's right. There are two reasons that this happens. One is insulin, because insulin blocks leptin, signaling at the level of the hypothalamus and the nucleus accumbens. So if it blocks leptin, leptin is the hormone that your fat cells make that tells your brain you've had enough. So if insulin blocks leptin, it makes you hungrier, and it also stops the extinguishing of reward. Buy that food so that you want more of it. So it does both, because leptin normally suppresses food intake and reduces craving.
Speaker A: The analogy that comes to mind is a slot machine that encourages you to feed more money and hit go to pull the lever. But that also blinds you to the outcome. So even if you win, you don't even know that you have wins. It's also blinding you to your loss. You're effectively becoming an automaton of just eating without any kind of conscious understanding of what you're bringing in or tasting the food any longer.
Speaker B: Exactly right.
Speaker A: It's not this. Like Ana Lemke, when she came on the podcast, author of Dopamine Nation and obviously head of our dual diagnosis addiction clinic at Stanford, talked about these consumptive behaviors where people are scrolling social media or consuming pornhood or consuming drugs or alcohol in a way that they're not in touch with the pleasure of the substance or behavior anymore. They become automatons. But if they don't do it, they feel lousy. So the pleasure is gone. The pain is definitely waiting.
Speaker B: Tolerance, independence, that's the definition of addiction. So dopamine is an excitatory neurotransmitter. It excites the next neuron, always. There's no such thing as dopamine inhibiting a post synaptic neuron. Dopamine stimulates the next neuron, and it doesn't matter which dopamine receptor it is. One through five. It's always excitatory. Now, neurons like to be excited. That's why they have receptors. But neurons like to be tickled, not bludgeoned. Chronic overstimulation of any neuron and, you know, this leads to neuronal cell death. And the reason is because the neuron needs energy. The neuron is the most energy dependent tissue in the body. It needs those mitochondria to be pumping out ATP like crazy to engage in neurotransmission. Well, when you're firing nonstop, you risk cell death. So the excitatory neuron, the postsynaptic neuron, has a plan b. It down regulates the receptor. It down regulates the dopamine receptor. So there's less chance that any stray dopamine molecule will find a receptor to bind to. And this is its plan b in order to try to mitigate the risk of dying. Well, what does that mean in human terms? It means you get a hit, you get a rush, receptors go down. Next time, you need a bigger hit to get the same rush, and receptors go down, and you need a bigger hit and a bigger hit and a bigger hit, until finally you need a huge hit to get nothing. That's called tolerance. And then when the neurons do start to die, that's called addiction. That's what we've got. And that's what's happened in terms of food addiction. So the question is, what's addictive? Is fat addictive? No. Because if fat was addictive, then all the people on the Atkins diet or on the ketogenic diet would be gaining weight, not losing it, and I'd be.
Speaker A: Craving ribeyes all day. I like a ribeye pretty often, actually. But I know, I know people say no, but, hey, look, my lipids are in line, and I don't eat many starches, and I certainly avoid sugar. Although now I'm thinking I might want to really reduce my low calorie sweetener intake. I don't see myself reducing my stevia intake to zero. Cause it's in some things I really like.
Speaker B: Andrew, I am not the food police.
Speaker A: I always say that. I'm not a cop. But data are data, and health data.
Speaker B: Are the data say that. That's not helping you any. That's what the data say. Point is that the fat's not the problem. The salt's not the problem. The caffeine's a problem.
Speaker A: Really?
Speaker B: Caffeine's classic addictive substance at every level.
Speaker A: Yeah, but the sugar's a problem. But if one can cut out caffeine by the early afternoon or even sooner in the day, and it's not consumed to excess and it's in the form or coffee, herbamate, some other form that's healthy, is it really that much of a problem? I love coffee.
Speaker B: In your mind.
Speaker A: Me, too.
Speaker B: That's my addiction.
Speaker A: Like with a capital l, underlined, boldface, highlight.
Speaker B: I feel your pain. And the answer is, no one has shown that coffee is toxic. It is addictive, but it's not toxic. Now, if you mix the coffee with alcohol now, you got four loco. Now, it's toxic. But in and of itself, caffeine is nothing toxic. And that's why there's a Starbucks on every street corner.
Speaker A: But it is highly reinforcing. I did an episode on caffeine where it covered some data that was published in the journal Science, one of the three apex journals. And if you put caffeine, unbeknownst to the consumer, into plain yogurt, people will crave plain yogurt. Indeed, much more. I mean people like the feeling of being caffeinated as long as it's not creating anxiety levels of energy.
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker A: I'm going to stick with caffeine.
Speaker B: That's fine. And so will I.
Speaker A: We've been talking a little bit about the hypothalamus as well as some peripheral gut based mechanisms for hunger and satiety. This is a great opportunity to talk about some of the GLP one agonists that are now widely used. So typically called ozempic, but GLP one, glucagon like peptide one, originally discovered in the Gila monster, which eats very seldom. And some really smart biologist. I love biology like this. I said, how come they don't have to eat very much? Well, their blood is loaded with GlP one and so they only have to eat one. Whatever hela monsters delight in per year or something outrageous like that. Humans make Glp one as well. My understanding is that GLP one, not that's injected, but that one makes naturally, is acting on both the brain and the gut to increase satiety.
Speaker B: So it is acting on the brain. No argument. But the primary action is on the gut. GLP one decreases the rate of gastric emptying. That is its primary driver. Yes, it does affect the brain. I'm not arguing that it does. But the primary effect is to reduce the rate of gastric emptying so you stay fuller longer because the food doesn't move through the stomach and the intestine.
Speaker A: Interesting. In South America, in Uruguay, in Argentina, it was long thought that yerba mate consumption, which we know very modestly, increases glp one. And by the way, a lot of other things do too. That people were taking it for its after meals, for its laxative effect, partially, but that's not pleasant for, but that's also at the colonization, that's at the.
Speaker B: Level of colon rather than stomach.
Speaker A: But it is used fairly effectively for people to space their meals without snacking. That you're, you know, and maybe it's the GLP one, maybe it's something else, but people are injecting themselves with GLP one analogs now, agonizing thirteen hundred dollars a month. Is that what it costs?
Speaker B: That's what it costs right now.
Speaker A: And it seems to be pretty effective. At inducing weight loss, although a significant amount of that weight loss seems to be from skeletal muscle tissue, and we.
Speaker B: Need to talk about that.
Speaker A: So what are your thoughts on Ozempic as a primary? Earlier you talked about primary and secondary control. You refer to it a little bit differently in the context of statins. So a kid comes in who's obese or slightly overweight, and it's like, mmm, I don't know what to do. I'm trying to eat better, exercise, or a person comes in and says, hey, I've had a really hard time getting that last 29 pounds off for so many years. Will you prescribe me those empic?
Speaker B: So the short answer is, number one, I'm retired, so I'm not prescribing any. But let's go with there. The data show that GLP one analogs like semaglutide and now terzepatide, which is Lilly's version. Manjaro is the diabetes version. Zep bound is the obesity version, the same way that Ozempic is the diabetes version for Nova, Nordisk and Wagovi is the obesity version.
Speaker A: They're all GLp one analytics.
Speaker B: They're all GLp one analytics.
Speaker A: They're synthesized in a lab at the. Looks like GLP one, smells like GLP one, acts like GLP one when injected.
Speaker B: Terzepatide, the lily one actually has a dual function. It binds to the GiP receptor, so it might have double duty. And the data show that it's actually even slightly more effective at weight loss than the Novo Nordisk version. So we'll be seeing a shift in terms of consumer preference soon, no doubt. But here's the thing. You look at the data, one year of treatment, 16% weight loss. Now, that sounds great. And I'm not saying it's bad.
Speaker A: And people are not craving food all the time, is that because people are feeling full longer?
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: So they're eating less.
Speaker B: They're eating less.
Speaker A: This is the calorie in, calorie out model.
Speaker B: They're eating less, and so they are losing weight. I'm not arguing that.
Speaker A: And they might be craving alcohol less, according to some recent reports.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, we can go there for a minute, too, in a second. Here's the problem. When you look at that 16% weight loss, as you just said, when you put people in a Dexa scanner, they have lost equal amounts of fat and muscle. Now, is it good to lose muscle? No, it is not good. Ask any little old lady who breaks her hip if she wishes she had a little bit more muscle.
Speaker A: Or somebody who dieted lost a lot of muscle because they weren't offsetting the weight loss with resistance training or some other form of exercise. And the amount of food that they can eat in order to maintain that weight, to put it in scientific terms, sucks.
Speaker B: And, you know, we mentioned Peter Attia earlier. Okay. In outlive, he's made it very clear that sarcopenia, lack of muscle mass, is one of the drivers of mortality. So losing muscle is not a good idea. But you lose equal amounts of fat and muscle. What else causes loss of equal amounts of fat and muscle? Starvation. In fact, the reason that all these GLP one analogs work is because you stop eating.
Speaker A: Like the Gila monsters.
Speaker B: Starvation. Yeah, just like the Gila monster.
Speaker A: Although the Gila monsters look pretty chubby to me.
Speaker B: Ask another Gila monster.
Speaker A: I did, but unfortunately, whatever answer it provided was not interpreted.
Speaker B: Indeed. The point is that starvation is not so good. And if you think about why it's working, it's reducing gastric. The rate of gastric emptying, well, it turns out that that's the reason for its side effects. The reduction in gastric emptying. That's why you get nausea, that's why you get vomiting. That's why you get pancreatitis. And most importantly, now, gastroparesis, your stomach turns to stone and you can't move any food through your intestine at all. And worse yet, when you stop the medicine, the gastroparesis doesn't get better. This is not a good idea.
Speaker A: This is like the opposite of the yerba mate induced effect, which has a sort of prolapsive gastric emptying. Maybe GlP one agonism. Gosh. Okay, so it's obvious why people who've struggled to lose weight like it, especially if their struggle to lose weight was, at least in their mind, the consequence of being hungry all the time and needing to eat more.
Speaker B: Or was it because of the reward and their dependence? Because, in fact, yes, these GLP one analogs reduce reward. And that's one of the reasons why they've noticed that reduction in alcohol consumption as well. And that sounds like a good thing, except there are also numerous cases now of major depressive disorder in response to these drugs.
Speaker A: It's almost like naltrexone or something for the treatment of addiction, which sometimes can be useful, but attempting to remove the amplitude of that reward signal, I mean, on paper it makes sense, but it doesn't always.
Speaker B: And in practice, it doesn't play out. That's right. And so I'm going to refer you now to an old literature that was from 2006. There was a drug that was approved in Europe called Ramanabanthe. Okay. A trade name accomplia. And it was approved in Europe for weight loss. And it was pretty good at weight loss. It caused about 20% weight loss. It also caused severe depression and 21 suicides. So it's no longer available because it was the end. Yeah. It was pulled from the european market, never approved in the United States. And the reason this happened was because this was the anti marijuana drug, this was the anti munchies drug, this was an endocannabinoid antagonist. Well, when you reduce reward, you also reduce your desire to live. And that's why this concern about reduction in alcohol consumption. We've already seen major depressive disorder in patients receiving ozempic. So are we going to see the same thing play out as we did for ramanabanthe? I'm worried about it.
Speaker A: Or Fenfen.
Speaker B: Well, Fenfen didn't have.
Speaker A: No, it was cardiac.
Speaker B: It was cardiac. We had cardiac problems due to the fenfluramine because of the serotonin one b receptor agonism.
Speaker A: Right. I'm just referring to the fact that these quote unquote blockbuster drugs for obesity, they tend to follow a contour of very promising, very exciting, a lot of people losing weight. Suicides are very promising, a lot of people losing weight, cardiac issues, very promising, losing weight. And now you're saying the stomach turns to stone. It sounds so biblical.
Speaker B: Well, indeed. So that's the question. And then finally, we can really talk biblical. If everyone in America who qualified for ozempic got it, that would be 2.1 trillion to the healthcare system, which is currently at 4.1 trillion. So that would be a greater than 50% increase in healthcare costs at 1300 a month. Conversely, if we just got sugar consumption down to USDA guidelines, by basically putting some limits on how much added sugar the food industry can put into any given product, like Froot loops, we could reduce weight by 29% and save $3.0 trillion. So we'd get better weight loss and we'd save $5.1 trillion, which makes more sense to the us government.
Speaker A: Well, earlier you were alluding to government, big food, big pharma relationships. I mean, there's a huge win here for whoever's manufacturing these GLP one analogs.
Speaker B: Indeed.
Speaker A: But the question is, who's paying the tab?
Speaker B: Well, we are. Now. The question is, why can't the government see that? And the answer is because the government's on the dole too. Because the government, through tariffs on us made foods, grosses $56 billion a year. They're a player. They're not just a regulator, they're an actor.
Speaker A: To play devil's advocate a little bit. Listen, I'm going to be the last person to step in and try and defend government as a unified body. I'm not qualified to do that. But you could see how if you looked at it like checkers instead of chess, you'd say, okay, here's a drug that's going to allow many millions of people to reduce their overall body weight. Overall body weight is a risk factor for a number of things, and there will be savings on the back end as a consequence of that weight loss. So that's the checkers version. The chess version is how you're describing it. And I think that, I mean, clearly people in government are. Well, most. Some perhaps are smart enough to play chess, not checkers, or to at least understand it. But there's very little incentive for the chess model. What would, quote unquote, solve this problem is the same thing that happened to fen fen or this romanovant, which is if suddenly there's a major issue with the drug, then everyone stops taking it, and traditionally, that's how it's gone. It sounds like these GLP one analogs are going to make it through the chute, though.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, there is a very clear downside to these medicines. On the other hand, you know, there's an upside. And so I'm not sad that these medicines exist. I'm for them. I'm not against them. I'm for them, for the right patient. And right now, it's not the right.
Speaker A: Patient who's getting them, just like the statins. So what if somebody who's taking one of these analogs makes it a point to do resistance training? And here, you know, you mentioned bodybuilders earlier. I'm not suggesting they become bodybuilders, but we now know, and I think Peter, Tia and others would agree, that everybody should be doing some form of muscle loss offsetting resistance exercise.
Speaker B: Agreed.
Speaker A: At least past reaching their adult height or something. I know there are those that say weight training doesn't blunt your height, but anyway, let's just say that from your early twenties onward, especially if you're on.
Speaker B: These medicines in order to maintain muscle mass.
Speaker A: So that's a different picture. People are drinking less alcohol. Again, I'm playing devil's advocate here. So if we look at these compounds not in a vacuum, but, okay, the person who's been carrying that extra 30 pounds is now only carrying a few extra pounds of adipose tissue. They've lost a lot of muscle, but now they feel well enough to exercise. The depression part worries me, but anyway, I'm just trying to round the contour of it.
Speaker B: What we've seen in children, because that's who I took care of, was that often they needed a jumpstart. Okay. And there were different ways to get.
Speaker A: Them to jump start stomach stapling.
Speaker B: Well, that's not jumpstart. That's.
Speaker A: But that was what a lot did. I know I have a friend, he was, and sadly still is, really big. And he always talked about the stomach saving. Like, if I could just get 50 pounds down quickly, then I could exercise. But exercise is painful, this kind of thing. And sadly, he's a. He's continued to maintain or creep up in a very excessive weight.
Speaker B: And that's the point, is that this concept of jumpstart, actually, if you're only doing it yourself, doesn't really work. And the question is, why is his weight creeping up if he's had the stomach stapling? And the answer is because he's a sugar addict.
Speaker A: Yeah, he's definitely addicted to the super big gulp soda.
Speaker B: If you drink your calories, it doesn't really matter, does it?
Speaker A: No. And he's got such terrible psoriasis and joint pain and all this, that the prospect of exercising is like a. You might as well tell him to, like, flap his wings and go to Mars.
Speaker B: You know, fructose is a driver of immune dysfunction. If he got off, you can tell him from me, if he got off the sugar, his psoriasis would get better, his weight would get better, his arthritis would get better, and he could have that jump start.
Speaker A: This is a perfect example to bridge to the brain component of all this, because I've long wondered, based on what I understand about neural circuitry and neuroplasticity, I know we share in this knowledge that at some point, carrying a lot of adipose tissue means that the brain sort of represents the body differently. I mean, we know there are these somatotopic maps of self, but that the neural machinery in the hypothalamus, sure, which is responsible for motivated states, etcetera, but also just the entire mapping of the self changes. In other words, if one is fat long enough that it becomes increasingly hard to get to a healthy weight because of the way that the neural circuitry is impacted, it basically remaps to maintain that fat person, not necessarily even just at the level of appetite, but just in terms of what do big animals do? I had a bulldog that weighed 90 pounds. Bulldog mastiff. He was very economical with his movement. Right. He was extremely powerful. He could run at least when he was younger. But if he could be still, he was still, as opposed to certain smaller animals that are, like, peripatetic, right.
Speaker B: Because. Because he was leptin resistant. So leptin, as we talked about briefly, is the hormone that tells your brain you've had enough. If you are leptin sensitive, you are happy to burn. If you are leptin resistant, your brain thinks you're starving. And if your brain thinks you're starving, it's going to affect your behavior in two ways. It's going to make you want to eat, and it's also going to make you want to conserve, because the goal is to try to increase the leptin levels in order to overcome that resistance, which, of course, you can never do because all you're going to do is lay down more fat and make more leptin.
Speaker A: That makes so much sense, because leptin comes from the adipose tissue.
Speaker B: Exactly. So that leptin resistance is what you have to be able to break through. You have to fix the leptin sensitivity. Well, what's the driver of the leptin resistance? Insulin. Insulin inhibits leptin signaling, and it does it at three separate places in the pomsine neuron, the pro opium melanocortinous neuron in the hypothalamus. It does it at IRS two, insulin receptor substrate two. It does it at sox three, suppressor of cytokine signaling. Three, and it does it at pip three, phosphatidyl inosital triphosphate. Those three separate arms of the leptin receptor are all basically put to sleep by high insulin. Insulin blocks leptin signaling. So the higher the insulin goes, the more your brain thinks you're starving. And the more your brain thinks you're starving, the hungrier you get and the less you want to move. So the gluttony and sloth that we've been talking about all in a podcast is really biochemical. It is secondary to this phenomenon of insulin blocking leptin signaling. You gotta fix that first, get the insulin down any way you can. And the best way, get rid of the refined carbohydrate and sugar. That's where you start.
Speaker A: It makes so much sense.
Speaker B: It works, too. How about that?
Speaker A: That's always good.
Speaker B: It is.
Speaker A: I once heard you say, I think it was in a conversation with Peter Attia on his podcast and this really stuck in my mind that when a person consumes glucose, that it activates a number of different brain sites, neurons loving glucose, but that when one ingests fructose, that it preferentially activates neurons in the reward pathway. That's right, at maybe seven times the magnitude or something like that.
Speaker B: Glucose activates the basal ganglia. This is work from Wojnarhausen in Switzerland, and also Eric Stice at Oregon Health.
Speaker A: Science, movement and planning and execution.
Speaker B: Exactly. Okay. Fructose basically stimulates the nucleus accumbens, the reward center. It is just like heroin, just like cocaine, just like nicotine. It activates the reward center. It doesn't do anything for the basal ganglia, so it is addictive. Anything that stimulates the reward center, in the extreme, is addictive. So we have chemical addictions. Heroin, cocaine, nicotine, alcohol, sugar. We have behavioral addictions. Shopping, gambling, Internet, gaming, social media, pornography, doesn't matter. They all stimulate dopamine in the reward center. And in the extreme, they are all addictive. So the question is, if you were addicted, is that personal responsibility?
Speaker A: Well, it's a very. It's a question I think about a lot, because I know a lot of people in the addiction recovery community, both from the treatment end and the addict in. And this always comes down to this question. When somebody is suffering from an addiction of any kind and they're resistant to getting treatment, if you look at them as being sick, at least in that moment, is a sick person in the best or worst or at least diminished position to guide their own treatment. So, for instance, somebody with dementia, would you ask them, do you want to go see a neurologist? You might ask them that. But are they the best person to make that decision?
Speaker B: Well, this is the problem. So this is where personal response falls down. So personal responsibility, as you know, we talked about, four criteria have to be met. None of them are met. That's the first issue. Second one is a little bit, shall we say, cheekier. Who invented personal responsibility? Any idea?
Speaker A: I'm definitely gonna get this one wrong.
Speaker B: Yeah, you're gonna get this one wrong. Are you ready? Go ahead.
Speaker A: I don't know. The tobacco industry, the notion of personal.
Speaker B: Responsibility, they invented it. There was no personal responsibility until tobacco in 1962, because they were getting killed on the science, and they needed to invent another reason for you to smoke. In fact, there's a paper that came out, Dorfman et al, that looked at the New York Times and the Washington Post, and they did an entire lit search of the entire of, you know, all of the output of those two newspapers for decades to look for the term personal responsibility. And the very first time it was ever mentioned was 1962, and it didnt pick up in speed until 1986, which was the same year as Cipollone v. Liggett at the Supreme Court, which basically said that the cigarette industry was guilty of plying people with an addictive substance. So this is very specifically industry driven, and we have the data to prove it.
Speaker A: Amazing. Well, I wonder, along the lines of personal responsibility, given that many listeners, this conversation, are going to be thinking about their own food intake and food choices, that of their children and other relatives. We could play a little, not a game, but a little rapid ish fire. Q and A. Never done this before in this podcast, but I think it's particularly appropriate for a discussion like this that wicks out into so many areas. And I absolutely will invite you back, and perhaps along with pleasure, Lisa Epel, to talk about some of the exciting work you guys are doing, because there's so much we could cover. But people are going to wonder, in a very practical sense, whether or not they should or should not be consuming certain things. And I know you're not the food police.
Speaker B: I'm not the food police, and I'm.
Speaker A: Not a cop, and I do believe people should be in choice about these matters. But I also believe that because you're a guest on the podcast and you're highly informed, and I've done clinical work and research for so many years in this area, and you have such a clear stance on the role of big food, and we really, really appreciate your honesty and directness. But you'd be willing to provide a comment about a couple of different terms that I'll throw out. And if you choose to say really nothing to say about that, fine, that would be a quick pass. So here we go. And we covered a little bit of this earlier, but fruit in whole form. So how's fructose, but has fiber. So thumbs up, thumbs sideways, or thumbs down for fruit consumption?
Speaker B: Fruit is fine. Fruit juice is not great.
Speaker A: Thank you. White rice versus brown rice. And among the white rice is the sticky rice. And the rice is with added sugars, which you find in a lot of restaurants.
Speaker B: Brown rice because of the fiber, white rice polished, you know, number one, all the vitamin b, one gone. And of course, a much larger glucose excursion, that glycemic index thing, which of course I hate, is it's glycemic load that matters, and that is a very high glycemic load. So brown rice.
Speaker A: So brown rice is better than white rice?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Okay. In a meaningful way?
Speaker B: In a meaningful way.
Speaker A: Okay. Earlier you mentioned tomato sauce. I love tomato sauce that's made from just tomatoes. Can toma. So are most tomato sauces filled with sugar perfect?
Speaker B: Our little recommendation engine looked at this question, and it turns out that only 10% of the available tomato sauces out on the market don't have added sugar. So you have to know which ones. Well, you can look yourself or you can look up perfect, and it will tell you which ones you can buy.
Speaker A: If people chose to consume bread, which many people do, is there a way to just across the board without just baking your own or looking at the ingredients list to make a better choice? Is it like sourdoughs tend to have less sugar than blank?
Speaker B: Well, sourdough has been fermented, so it will have actually consumed some of the sugar, so it would be a better choice. But really, the best choice is the highest fiber breads. Now, if you look at a wheat berry, it is 25% fiber. The husk is 25% of the weight of that wheat berry. That means that the carbohydrate to fiber ratio of a wheat berry is three to one. So a good bread should have a carbohydrate to fiber ratio of somewhere between three to one to five to one on tops. Anything above that means that they've stripped the fiber away. So that's something you could do. But the easier way is to actually look it up on perfect.
Speaker A: You mentioned meat and meat sourcing, egg and chicken sourcing earlier. Maybe we just revisit that meat, fish and eggs. Thumbs up, thumb sideways. Thumbs down. Or it depends.
Speaker B: It depends. It depends on where the meat came from. It depends on whether it was pasture raised. Depends on whether it's organic or not. If the animal was injected with antibiotics, stay away from it. Because those antibiotics are in the meat, they're going to basically sterilize your gut, and then the bad bacteria are going to take over. We haven't really talked much about the microbiome today, but that's a whole podcast all by itself.
Speaker A: We can touch on it a little bit more. Low sugar, fermented foods. Thumbs up, thumb sideways. Thumbs sideways.
Speaker B: Fermented foods, short chain fatty acids, all good.
Speaker A: What are your favorite sources of fermented foods?
Speaker B: I like kimchi.
Speaker A: I like kimchi, too. I like some of the live sauerkrauts.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's also good, but with the right accoutrement. The one thing I would be careful about is yogurt. There are yogurts with live cultures. And there are a whole lot of yogurts with dead cultures. And if it's a yogurt with dead cultures, it's kind of irrelevant. And the chances are they've actually covered up the sourness with sugar. So large, commercially available yogurt, be very, very careful. If it's artisan yogurt made by people you know or trust, that's a very different story.
Speaker A: Yogurts with live cultures, intermittent fasting. Do you practice it, and what do you think about it?
Speaker B: I don't practice it, but I am for it, for the right patient, turns out. Who's the right patient? The patient with liver fat. Because the reason it works is because it gives the liver a chance to basically burn off the fat that it's stored.
Speaker A: Zero calorie soda. Got it. It's definite no. And I don't even have to ask about sugary soda, because that's.
Speaker B: That's basically just poison in a can.
Speaker A: Food combinations. I have a feeling. I know what your answer is, but the glycemic index, which we know your feelings on now, asserts that if you combine some fat with a sugary like eating ice cream, you have a more blunted insulin response than if you were to eat pure sugar of equivalent calories. But what are your thoughts on food combinations as a way to blunt the insulin response?
Speaker B: Food combinations are great. If there's some fiber associated with it.
Speaker A: It comes back to fiber again.
Speaker B: And by the way, and by the way, I, you know, full disclosure, I am the chief medical officer of a fiber company.
Speaker A: What is it?
Speaker B: It is called biolumine, and it is a proprietary fiber. It is a microcellulose sponge, seven microns in diameter, so the size of a red blood cell. You swallow it, it goes to your stomach, it expands 70 fold over its original size, and so it'll give you a feeling of fullness because it's taking up space in the stomach. But more importantly, when it expands, the nooks and the crannies in the sponge become available. And embedded in those nooks and crannies are a set of proprietary hydrogels, soluble fiber, which sequester glucose. Fructose sucrose simple starches and render them unavailable for early absorption in the duodenum, thus reducing the glucose response, reducing the insulin response, protecting the liver, and moving it through the intestines so that microbiome can chew it up for its own purposes. Feeding the gut, we can reduce glucose absorption by 36%, fructose absorption by 38%, sucrose absorption by 40%, simple starch absorption by 9% and increased short chain fatty acid production by 60% without an increase in gas.
Speaker A: When do people take this?
Speaker B: With meals. Okay, so it comes as a sachet, one teaspoon, sprinkle it on your food, or take it as a, you know, in a drink. You know, just mix it in and slug it down. And then eat breakfast, lunch, or dinner. And it will basically act like you ate real food. It will turn processed food into real food in the intestine. And we have clinical trial data that demonstrates that.
Speaker A: Is it available as a commercial?
Speaker B: It is available. It is called munch munch now. I hate that name. I didn't make it up.
Speaker A: Well, I'm gonna do that. Your marketing team sucks, but the product sounds amazing.
Speaker B: Biolumine tech.
Speaker A: Great. Thank you for that. Sorry. Munch munch marketing team. But you got a munch munch to a new product name. But it sounds like a very interesting product. And it actually answered my next question, which was about fiber supplements.
Speaker B: Fiber is good, but there are two kinds of fiber. There's soluble and there's insoluble, and they are not the same. So soluble is what goes into fiber one bars. You know, that psyllium, inulin, pectin, like, what holds jelly together. That's good. I'm not saying it's bad, but you need the insoluble fiber, the cellulose, the stringy stuff in celery, the cardboard, if you will, together they form this gel that we talked about earlier. If you only consume the soluble fiber, which is what the food industry will add to food, because the insoluble fiber is not miscible. If you only add the soluble fiber back, you're not getting the benefits of the entire fiber complement.
Speaker A: Earlier, when talking about the nova system and how most all of our food. So let's say. I know it was seven to 10%. Let's say 95%. Let's err on the side of better. 95% of our food should come from nova system class one or class two foods, or three or three. Okay. Staying away from those nova class four foods, could you give us some examples of nova class one and class two foods? Just broadly speaking?
Speaker B: Okay. Nova class one is any food without a label, period. If you see a label on a food, it's a warning label.
Speaker A: Well, there's ground. Ground beef has a label. Okay? So that's.
Speaker B: Well, does it?
Speaker A: So you're talking about apple. Well, when I buy it, it has a label. I'm asking this because people are going to wonder. So.
Speaker B: Well, it does have a nutrition facts label. Is there a nutrition facts label on a thing of ground beef?
Speaker A: I buy that ground beef where I consume venison, where if you flip it over, it says how many calories, how many protein. So there's a label, but it's just beef or venison.
Speaker B: Okay. Then that's class one.
Speaker A: Okay. Egg.
Speaker B: Egg is class one.
Speaker A: So. And of course, fruit, apples, orange. Okay? So it doesn't matter if it has a name, a name tag, as long as it. It doesn't have an ingredient.
Speaker B: Flex label. Got it. Real food does not need a label. It's only if they did something to it that it needs a label. So you have to look at every label as a warning label. Now, the problem with the label is it only tells you what's in the food. What you really need to know is what's been done to the food, because it's the ultra processed food that's the problem. They don't want to tell you that. That's secret. Okay. Secret from a proprietary standpoint, but also secret, because if you knew what they did to it, you wouldn't need it. You would never buy it. And they don't want you to know. So they only tell you what's in the food. That's not what's important. It's what's been done to the food that's important. And that's why this Nova class four is so important, and that's why perfect is so important, because it'll do the work for you.
Speaker A: Great. We'll definitely provide links to all of these. So if you could pick one thing to recommend to people that want to improve their health, get rid of the sugar.
Speaker B: Period.
Speaker A: Very clear.
Speaker B: That's number one. Number two, go for a walk.
Speaker A: The exercise piece.
Speaker B: Go for a walk.
Speaker A: And if you could recommend one thing that the general public can do to try and assist in this advocacy for not redefining, but actually clearly defining what is food and what isn't and making people aware at the level of policy and change and school lunches. I mean, if there were one thing, what can we do? I mean, you've clearly activated my neurons surrounding, like, the set of problems that exist and the paths to correct them. But should we be writing to our congresspeople? Should we be getting angry at hospitals because they've got all these fast food machines and that the cafeteria food is, like, illness promoting?
Speaker B: At UCSF, we've gotten rid of all sugar beverages. We have the healthy beverage initiative.
Speaker A: No coke machines at UCSF.
Speaker B: No coke machines at UCSF.
Speaker A: Wow. Stanford. Check that out. Because people always send me pictures of the. Of the coke machines in the school of medicine. I'm like, listen, I didn't put them there, but.
Speaker B: We have to model for the public. Where was the first place that smoking was banned? Hospitals, because we knew. So if you get rid of the soda, if you get rid of the sugared soda at the hospital, you're telling people something. So, yeah, I think that every hospital and really every public venue in America needs to clear out the junk.
Speaker A: So post photos of junk that are supposed to be in health promoting institutions. And I guess we're trying to cancel junk food. Shame. We're trying to cancel junk food. I'm pretty opposed to canceled culture, but here we go. We're going to cancel. Marvelous. It's actionable, it's straightforward. It's low cost, low time investment. Zero cost, very low time investment. So thank you for that.
Speaker B: And look up eat real because we're doing it for your kids, so you need to help support it. Any school district in America can do it. So what do we do? We have a business model whereby the food services director either purchases or rents a dilapidated factory in the center of the district, repurposes it into a food preparation facility. They can make 27 to 30,000 meals a day with a skeleton crew. And you control what's in it. And because you're buying in volume, it actually reduces the cost. So it's cheaper than buying it from Cisco or Aramark or Sodexo or wherever, and then you farm it out via truck or bus to all the different schools. So every kid gets a hot meal made from scratch each day. And we can solve this problem.
Speaker A: Can't help but ask this one last question. For people that want to cut out sugar, which you clearly stated is the most important thing to do for one's health, how do we know how much sugar is in something? So should people be looking at labels and just looking for how much sugar? How much carbohydrate? Could we even go so far as to say, if it says high fructose corn syrup, then it's on the no fly list. Don't. Don't eat it.
Speaker B: So the problem is that there are 262 names for sugar, and the food industry uses all of them. And the reason they use all of them is because they can include a different sugar as number five, number six, number seven, number eight, number nine on the list. When you add it up, it becomes number one. They hide it in plain sight and they do it on purpose. Now, do I expect everybody to memorize all 262 names? No, of course not. Can you figure it out yourself? Well, the answer is no. Unless they have the line where it says added sugars. If it says added sugars, it is either sucrose or high fructose corn syrup. No one's adding lactose, okay? That's not.
Speaker A: Or glucose.
Speaker B: They're not even adding glucose because glucose isn't that sweet. Glucose is not that interesting. You don't see people going around chugging karo syrup, do you? Okay, that's glucose. Who cares? It might be good in the molasses cookie, but that's it. So it's fructose. So you need to know what's been added. So if it says added sugars, that's a good place to start. No greater than one teaspoon per serving. No greater than 4 grams per serving of added sugars. Anything greater than that, leave at the.
Speaker A: Store and aim for those nova type ones.
Speaker B: Aim for. Aim for novotypes one, two, and three. And if you don't know whether it's novotype one, two, or three, you can use perfect. And if you don't look at that, then go look at the nutrition facts label. And anything that has more than four ingredients is nova class four.
Speaker A: Robert Lustig, thank you so much. You've provided such an incredible education in nutritional biochemistry. The processing of fat, protein, carbohydrate, sugar, fructose in particular. The clear detriments of consuming fructose on so many different organ systems. I love, love, love that you separated out food science, nutrition, and metabolic health. That's a gazillion dollar delineation for people to understand and to shape their understanding of all the information that's out there and bins into these different categories. You've given us so many actionable tools, new conceptual frameworks. You've given us a real tour de force today, just oh, so clear language. So I want to thank you. I've learned a ton, and I know everyone else has as well. And if people have questions, they can, of course, put them in the comments section on YouTube. That's the best place. We'll provide links to all the companies and websites that you referenced and some of your other work. And listen, I just. I'm so grateful that you exist and that you've done the work that you've done and your passion and your advocacy for health is just oh, so clear. So thank you so much.
Speaker B: So I want to thank you. And the reason I want to thank you is, first, of all, you know, inviting me, that's nice, you know, that's good. But the reason is because people need to understand science. I am completely in agreement with you. The public needs to understand science. They listen to you because you, number one, provide the science. And number two, you don't talk down to them. You treat them as equals. And that is truly remarkable. And so I want to thank you for your service.
Speaker A: Well, you're most welcome. It's a labor of love. And I think it was the great Max Dalbrook that said, when teaching, assume zero knowledge and infinite intelligence. And I do believe that humans are infinitely intelligent, although sometimes as a whole, we mask it. People deserve the knowledge. So thank you so much for sharing that knowledge today, and let's absolutely have you back.
Speaker B: My pleasure. Thank you.
Speaker A: Thank you for joining me for today's discussion with Doctor Robert Lustig about nutrition and how sugar impacts the health of our brain and body. To learn more about Doctor Lustig's work and to find links to the many books that he's written on this and other topics, please see the show note captions if you're learning from and or enjoying this podcast, please subscribe to our YouTube channel. That's a terrific, zero cost way to support us. In addition, please subscribe to the podcast on both Spotify and Apple. And on both Spotify and Apple. You can leave us up to a five star review. If you have questions for me or comments about the podcast or guests you'd like me to consider on the Huberman Lab podcast, please put those in the comment section on YouTube. I do read all the comments. Please also check out the sponsors mentioned at the beginning and throughout today's episode. That's the best way to support this podcast. Not so much on today's episode, but on many previous episodes of the Huberman Lab podcast, we discuss supplements. While supplements aren't necessary for everybody, many people derive tremendous benefit from them for things like improving sleep, for hormone support, and for improving focus. To learn more about the supplements discussed on the Huberman Lab podcast, go to livemomentous, spelled O U S. So Livemomentous.com Huberman if you're not already following me on social media, I am Huberman Lab on Instagram X, formally called Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, and threads. And at all of those places I discuss science and science related tools, some of which overlaps with the content of the Huberman Lab podcast, but much of which is distinct from the content covered on the Huberman Lab podcast. So again, it's Huberman Lab on all social media channels. If you haven't already subscribed to our neural network newsletter. Our neural network newsletter is a zero cost newsletter that comes out every month. It includes podcast summaries as well as protocols in the form of short PDF's of maybe just one to three pages where I list out the specific protocols, for instance, for improving dopamine functioning, or for improving your sleep, or for deliberate cold exposure, deliberate heat exposure, or fitness protocols, and on and on, all of which are presented in brief fashion, very direct, just the protocols listed out again, completely zero cost. To sign up, you simply go to hubermanlab.com, comma, go to the menu function, scroll down to newsletter letter and enter your email. And I should point out that we do not share your email with anybody. Thank you once again for joining me for today's discussion with Dr. Robert Lustig. And last but certainly not least, thank you for your interest in science.
