Speaker A: Hello, everyone, and welcome back to the real vision crypto daily briefing. Here is why you should tune into today's show. What is up with Grayscale? And do you remember three arrows capital? We'll bring you the latest on those two important stories. Plus, we'll be joined live by the CEO of DAP Radar to discuss the latest trends in gaming the Metaverse and web three. I'm Jeremy Varlo. Luke Franks is with me. Welcome to the show, Luke. This is your first time. Maybe you can just quickly introduce yourself, give our viewers a little bit of your backstory.
Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely. Good to be here. So my name is Luke Franks. So my background is as a broadcaster, tv presenter here in the UK for the last kind of 1011 years. I've had a crypto journey over that time. I got into bitcoin around 2017. Generally, my broadcast work was with a younger audience, with teens and Gen Z. And over that time I saw their habits change from watching tv to moving online and into virtual worlds while seeing blockchain get adopted. And yeah, kind of saw those trends colliding with nfcs into the metaverse. And I do podcasts around that stuff now as well. So yeah, that's my journey and pleasure to be here.
Speaker A: That's awesome. And thank you for coming on with us today. Before we get into our top stories, if you are watching us on the real Vision website, thank you. If you have not signed up there yet, check it out@realvision.com. crypto we have a ton of crypto and macro content for you. If you're watching on YouTube, please like and subscribe. Hit that notification bell so you never miss. When we go live, let's start the show by jumping into some of the latest price action. No surprises today. Stability is the name of the game. Bitcoin down slightly on a 24 hours basis, trading around $16,800. This is virtually unchanged from a week week ago. Luke, what's going on? The ethereum front?
Speaker B: Yeah, so Ethereum, bit of movement, a little bit down. Ether is down more in percentage terms than bitcoin. That's often not surprising. It's lost about 2% in the past 24 hours and roughly as much in a week. Ether is currently changing hands at just over $1,200.
Speaker A: Thank you for that, Luke. One other coin we're looking at right now is eight coin. It is down 5% on a 24 hours basis to $3.90 after surging to more than $4.20. Lots of volatility there as ape coin holders prepare for the launch of staking rewards decrypt reports of this will be live on Monday of next week. The official staking contract has already taken in nearly $32 million worth of ape in one day. Let's dive in now to our top stories. There's an important update to a story we've been following closely on the show. Grayscale Investments is a digital assets manager and subsidiary of the digital currency group. On Monday, we talked about the troubles at another DCG subsidiary, crypto broker and lender Genesis. Check out that episode if you haven't already. Genesis has been having financial trouble. The company halted withdrawals last month, but Grayscale is not without its own problems. Luke, what's the latest on that?
Speaker B: Yes, so Fir tree capital management has sued grayscale over quotes, potential mismanagement and conflicts of interest, according to a complaint filed on Tuesday in Delaware chancellor courts grayscale issues in the past few years and didn't redeem any of them. The complaint alleges that that's part of the reason why the grayscale bitcoin trust closed at a 43% discount on Monday. That means shares in the trust are severely undervalued compared to the value of the assets it holds. Bloomberg Bloomberg sources say fir tree wants a grayscale to close the gap by resuming redemptions and lowering the fees.
Speaker A: That's very, very interesting. Give us some context here. Why is this such a big deal?
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, it's a big deal because grayscale run the biggest bitcoin fund. So their GBTC product is massive. It has $10.7 billion under management. If you divide that by the current price of bitcoin, it gives you more than 600,000 bitcoins. CNBC reported in May that grayscale and its parent DCG own over 3% of the world's bitcoin. So any issues at Grayscale are bound to worry crypto investors. A bit more bad news, unfortunately. As if we haven't had enough recently.
Speaker A: Yeah, I was going to say as if crypto investors don't have enough to worry about these days. Another story we've been focusing on lately is obviously the FTX fallout. Earlier in the year, we had a few other notable crypto blowouts. One of them was hedge fund three arrows capital. Luke, what's the latest on three ac.
Speaker B: Yeah, I promise we'll get some positive news in just a second, but strap yourselves in for this one. So a federal judge has authorized subpoenas for three ac 3 hours. Capital co founders Suzu and Kyle Davies. This gives liquidators the ability to force them to turn over any documents and records relating to 380 property or finances. That includes seed phrases and private keys as well. So the former three Arrow Arrows leaders will have 14 days to comply and several other people have been named as discovery targets. So there we go.
Speaker A: One thing you never want to be named is a discovery target, let's be honest. So another question I have, and we've seen Suzu and Kyle Davies kind of pop back up on Twitter recently. Do we have any idea of where they are right now?
Speaker B: Well, yeah, for a while. After three AC filed bankruptcy on July 1, they kept a pretty low profile. But as you say, since FTX collapsed, they've resurfaced on social media, where this is all playing out. And the block reports that is currently believed. Zoo is in Dubai whilst Davies is in Bali. Yes. So I guess nice for some, but also probably less nice in this scenario.
Speaker A: Yeah, I've been to Bali before. Nice place. Not a bad spot to hang out.
Speaker B: Well, yeah.
Speaker A: So as you mentioned, we want to bring in some good news today. Let's get straight to our guest. Skirmontis Januskas is the CEO of Dappradar, a decentralized app store for tracking and trading all things defi NFT and gaming related. Welcome to the show. Scramantis.
Speaker C: Hello. Good to be here.
Speaker A: Thank you for joining us. Take it away, Luke.
Speaker B: Yeah, thanks, scamantis. Good to have you on the show. So we'll dive into Dap radar in just a second, but I guess be good to get your kind of just broad view of the markets at the moment. How are you feeling about everything? How is the sentiment from your corner?
Speaker C: Yeah, in general, if you look at just crypto, if you forget the global market, just the crypto one. So we've been through that several times already. So we are, I'd say, not too worried about this in 2018, then again and again and again, but obviously adding the global recession on top of it. The way I say, no, we hope for the best, but prepare for the worst. That's the market conditions right now.
Speaker B: Yeah, for sure. And we're going to talk about some gaming stuff in a second because it's interesting, even in these downturns, that people who are playing games and blockchain games, especially maybe less affected by this stuff because people play games throughout any market conditions. So we'll come onto that in a second. But for anyone who doesn't know, maybe you could just tell us about Dappradar. A few people will be familiar. Well, quite a few got a lot of users. It's a tool that I use to track my portfolio daily. But there's a lot that you do at Dappradar, a lot that it covers. So maybe you could just tell us all about it and what Dappradar is.
Speaker C: Yeah. Let me start quickly from the prehistory of Dappra. There it was, back of 2017. I think, when cryptokitties and those ogs, now they will know what I'm talking about. Probably many people don't know cryptokitties anymore, but when cryptokitties actually exploded, that was November or December of 2017 that finally crypto got my attention. Like, real attention. I knew about it before, but I was on the side of those, probably 99% of people. Crypto is a scam. I don't know what's going on there. I don't understand it. Then when I looked at cryptokitties and said, okay, as a software engineer, let me try to dig into these smart contracts and what they are, trying to understand it, then I got immediately hooked. So thank you, cryptokitties, for getting me into crypto, and thanks, my co founder, for pinging me for five years to get there. That took me a while, but that was the first step into crypto. And then two months later, so that was 2018, February. We just built that predator over the weekend as we realized all the data on the blockchain is public. Hey, there is just a catalog of dapps out there. There is no way to track those Dapps, no way to know how many users there are, how many people are playing these Dapps or using these dapps, how much money there is involved, how many transactions they're making, and so on. We just did it over the weekend, launched the first version, got lots of feedback, lots of positive attention, and we kept going. And where we stand now, we position ourselves as the world's Dapp store, and we're building the world's Dapp store, the community owned world's app store, powered by millions and used by billions. That's how we see the future, and that's how we see the future of web three as well. The difference, if I talk about app stores and app stores in web three, the discovery of dapps is pretty different. You're not just looking at some nice images, like in app stores, and decide which game to play or which app to use. But instead, you really need to look into lots of data, like whether the token prices are going up or down, whether there is somebody using those dapps, whether these numbers are going up and down. So there is quite a bit of data you want to look at and where to get that data. If it's all scattered around, it's going to be very difficult to do that discovery. And for users, it's going to be hard to find those dapps. For dapps, it's going to be hard to present themselves in a very nice way. So what we do, we consolidate all this information and we want to present it all to the user. So, yes, on one side you still have the nice images that attract your visual attention, but then you dig deeper. You understand whether it's worth getting into this app, whether someone is playing already or using this app. So this is how we think about it. Another very important point there is about the, I really want to mention the community owned part, because that's one of the things where, you know, one year ago we launched radar token, and that was done with the. Solely with the purpose of building this ecosystem of contributions. So we meant that radar is meant to be owned by community and to get contributions from communities. So it's no longer, you know, just one company representing the whole app store, building the whole app store. We don't want to be like Apple or Google in this case, you know, Apple asking 30% on gas fees. What is this? You know, I don't think we all agree with that here. So that predator will be powered by millions of people worldwide, you know, by allowing anyone to contribute and earn this way. Cool.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, it's really interesting, and I love that Apple story because trying to claim 30% on gas fees, so it doesn't really make sense as a concept, if you kind of understand the tech here. And maybe you could talk to us a bit more about Dapps specifically. What do you mean there? Games come as part of that, but decentralized apps can be lots of different things. So maybe you could give us some examples of what dapps, you index and what they do.
Speaker C: Right. And that's a very good question, because often we hear dapps, dapps, dapps out there, you know, and we at dappreader, we have a, often we have a different understanding of what the dapp is versus the kind of the general crypto audience, you know, for us, adapt is something that has smart contracts behind it, that has something that it's running actually on the blockchain. It depends on it, and it enjoys the benefits of it. If you think about any wallet out there, like metamask and phantom, whatever kind of wallets there are, those we don't really consider dapps. These are tools or services helping you to access dapps. But they're not dapps. They're not decentralized on their own. We're talking about decentralized applications. So I can give you a few examples of true devs thinking of games like Defi Kingdom, for example. That's a game running completely on the blockchain while the front end is sort of centralized still. But anyone can run the front end. The point is that the backend, the whole logic in the gameplay is on the backend and you have tokens there. So in game currency you have the whole mechanic in there, sort of. No one can take it away from you. While if you just, you know, you say you are a dapp, but by simply turning off your servers you are, you know, you are no longer existing. Well, you're not really a dap, are you? So this is, you know, in a. On a very sort of simple terms, this is where we put the line. It needs to have smart contracts. It needs to be running on the blockchain, actually.
Speaker A: Hey everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker B: Yeah, cool. Okay. Yeah, that's a great explanation. And yeah, dapprados, brilliant. I'd encourage people to check out. You can see loads of indexing tools. It's a good place to go to get sentiment of what's going on. You cover NFTs obviously on there as well, the top collections over the last 730 days and so on. Let's dive into gaming specifically because there is a bigger conversation here and there's some tension between traditional gamers and the gaming industry, which is obviously huge, but bigger than the music and film industry put together in terms of kind of market cap and the money that's generated each year. But there is this sort of tension for traditional gamers, and I know you have a gaming background who maybe don't fully understand or misunderstand what NFTs can bring. I think a lot of gamers think that this feels like a way of gaming studios to try and get more money out of players after they've bought the title. But the argument from the other side, from the blockchain side, is actually that gamers spend a lot of time in these games, unlocking things, leveling up and earning things. And actually in the traditional model, don't own any of their assets. With the blockchain model you can own your assets and trade them and get paid for your time. So yeah, maybe you could talk a little bit about that. And yeah, what's kind of the sentiment now between traditional gamers and this new blockchain gaming space?
Speaker C: Yeah, I think we saw it very clearly when discord wanted to introduce nfts and all the gamers. Suddenly, to my surprise, at that point in time, I was really surprised, like, what is it, guys? I'm gaming a lot. You're gaming a lot. We have a lot in common. I'm okay with this. I'm super excited about this and you're hating this. Something doesn't connect. And then my thinking behind it is probably, I don't know, the actual reasons and the real reasons behind how they're thinking. But if we're talking about pay to play or pay to win games, well, more like pay to win. If you put the assets that are nfts and you ask somebody to buy nfts in order to win, obviously I'm against that and then I'm not in it. But if we're talking about skins, some digital sort of costumes and all the cosmetic things, I don't see a reason why anyone in gaming would be against it. We already have this happening in Steam marketplace. We already have it happening in CSGO. It doesn't help you to win at all. There is nothing that can help you win there. But there is a massive economy. Wax blockchain was actually the sequence of op skins. I might be wrong with some details, but op skins were there trading CSGO skins, then wax blockchain appeared out of that, and they understand the value of it and it's clear where they're going. So if it's just cosmetics, the point is it doesn't help you to win. It doesn't help anybody to win. You can have as deep pockets as you want, but in general, it's easier for you to obtain any assets that you want in game if they're cosmetic, if they're on the blockchain and you don't necessarily need to buy them. So where is the problem? Ultimately? One thing that I really like about having digital assets as NFTs or any other form, that's, you know, maybe we will invent something new rather than NFTs, but it's about anything that you accumulated in game. Any assets that you got, you could be playing for 5710 years. The game that happens, cs go Fortnite and the rest, you know, either you're trading those things on black market if it's possible, or you're not doing it all because it's not possible, like on Fortnite. So what happens then? You know, you're, you're starting to play a game. When you're, I don't know, ten or twelve years old, you finish playing it maybe when you're 20. How, what did you get from that? Yeah, probably some soft skills, you know, communicating with your guild, with your clan friends, you know, made some friends and that's it. But when it comes to real life, you know, then you quit the game and you're like, oh, well, I'm going to college. Hey dad, give me some money. I didn't make anything by playing this game, but I can see a future very well, this changing drastically. And it happens with some people because if you play cs go for a long time and if you use black market, well, you can make quite a bit of money as well. So it is happening, but it's just happening in black market and nobody talks about it. But if it was happening in a free market, then yeah, you still play for 5710 years and after that everything you have, you can just, you know, sell it and you buy a house, you go to college or, you know, just pay for rent, whatever it is.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, it's opening up. It's this kind of disruption that gaming of playing games can, can be a form of income which sounds, you know, strange to probably previous generations as well. But there's also these conversations about getting the economics right and, you know, it not being paid to win, but maybe earning and your time being spent in there is how you kind of gain these nfts and then you can make some money from them if you decide to stop playing the game. I always think it's interesting that a lot of people would probably naively guess that gamers are very much of a younger age, but actually I think the average age for a gamer is around 35. So this is kind of very relevant for all ages, although the younger ages are kind of growing up natively owning digital assets in places like Roblox and Fortnite. But my question to you is, can you give us any kind of metrics or any idea of how much blockchain games are being adopted, what kinds of games we're seeing at the minute? And are we going to hit a moment where we see some AAA games that are blockchain games and get people very excited regardless of their technology? They just want to play the game because it's fun.
Speaker C: Yeah, it is pretty difficult at the moment to know the amount of people actually playing those blockchain games. We have the numbers on chain, but there is also a big part that is happening off chain. Even if we take Axie Infinity as example, which is pretty much a blockchain game, and everybody knows that they have millions of people playing Axie or had at least, but just a portion of that was actually happening on chain. Because the whole gameplay that is just happening through their servers and only the assets, like the ownership and some gameplay mechanics are only those happening on one chain. So that makes it pretty difficult at this point in time to measure the actual scale of blockchain gaming and users. That's something we're working on. And I'm sure we'll get to a point where we will have a lot of things happening off chain, like AAA games. I'm talking about Scalia, Fortnite, CS, go and Call of Duty and similar ones. We'll begin with probably them having items on the blockchain. So it's not going to be the game plan, the blockchain. I don't know when that's going to happen, if ever. But we'll certainly have assets on the blockchain that allows, enables the free market to anybody and what we have there. It's not the amount of users playing the game that we're going to be measuring them, but it's going to be more about how many of them are actually trading assets, how many of them are exchanging different items. And that's something we can measure on chain. And that's something that is on one side. Yes, you can manipulate that in a way of I'm creating ten different accounts and trading ten different skins. But if we're going to the natural accrual of the assets and so on, it's pretty hard to manipulate that. And we will know this scale of how many people are actually trading those assets and how healthy the economy is. And that's where we get to what I was talking about, the world's app store. That's how we see it. Now think about, there is a game, whatever they say in Fortnite, if suddenly they had nfts. I'm as a gamer, I know about Fortnite. I'm playing it super cool. And then I figure out, because it's not obvious, but then I figure out, okay, so those assets that I have in game, they're actually on the blockchain. So I can do something with them that I google Fortnite and I find, okay, so there is Fortnite. There is that radar, Fortnite's page on that threader. I click on it and I see, oh, wow. So I can see my assets. I can see how these assets kind of changed in value over time. I can see whether the value is growing up or going down. All this information will give me an insight of whether it makes sense for me to keep playing, whether I should look for something else. Then that will be a very nice discovery for users because they will no longer need to rely on whatever the app store recommends me. And also one very important point which I think CS GO and steam marketplace brought to a lot of people, especially a lot of teenagers, is the grasp of economics. And I'm really excited to see that. When blockchain games really picks up. When you were 12, 13, 14 years old and you are dealing with assets that sort of have real money, real money value, you start understanding how economy works. It's no longer just you being at school thought you need to count your money, you need to save your money and these kind of things, but you actually touch this money and you can start making decisions on that. Again, I'm not encouraging that, I'm not saying that needs to have rules that needs to be regulated and so on, but it's just that the understanding of it, I got a lot of that through playing games and I think that's a fascinating opportunity.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, it's interesting, isn't it? And I saw an amazing article recently around Minecraft which they were using in schools for kids to visualize that and explore how to build kind of flood barriers and things like that, like running simulations in these worlds to learn for educational things. So yeah, what you talk about there is interesting. You also mentioned about measuring the statistics in these worlds and in the centralized worlds we've got some amazing facts like the evidence of moving from gaming to more metaverse kind of open social worlds. And the stats are phenomenal. You know, Roblox, around 40 to 50 million daily active users, they have 32 million experiences on their platform, 60,000 are published daily. These kind of mini games that are user generated, that users build their most popular experience. Now an experience called adopt me has been visited over 30 billion times, which is crazy when you think the most watched video on YouTube has been watched 11 billion times. So this next generation are really growing up in these virtual worlds. Fortnite similarly, 30 million daily active users as well. Meta Horizons some lower reports from their targets of 500,000 users per month. I think it's Wall Street Journal reported they had about 200,000. So they're a little bit off their targets. There was also an interesting Dapp radar report around blockchain based worlds and their low number of users, especially when some of these worlds have billion dollar valuations. I think it was reported that Decentraland had 38 active users in the past 24 hours, whilst sandbox had 522 active users. Now that was an interesting report. But some of the things you mentioned is about measuring these statistics, right? Because, you know, there's a lot of people who visit these worlds as guests and wouldn't necessarily register a transaction on the blockchain, so they wouldn't be necessarily counted in a measure of how many players there are there. I think Decentraland say they have about 6100 per month. So that's kind of interesting. There's nuances around how long they spend there as well. It's kind of hard to measure. And the sandbox have been rolling out there sort of alpha season. So we've seen just recently that alpha season three, where they kind of open up their world to lots of experiences. Lots of brands have experiences there, they said over that time. Spasm Bourges CEO 39,000 daily users, about 4.1 million total wallets registered, up from 2 million from the preva, 2 million from the previous alpha season two and 1.6 million hour played. Interesting stats and like a massive difference in measuring these things. So how do you see that? And are we developing the tools to measure these things accurately still?
Speaker C: Yeah. So here what happened there is you coded up earlier. We take one metric, meaning unique active wallets, which is exactly saying what's happening on the blockchain? And you're kind of painting it as the whole picture. So this is where sort of it went wrong with the story, let's say. And then we, you know, we were all clarifying it together with Decentraland and sandbox and so on. This basically shows how complex the kind of blockchain world is still to the mass media and to the mass audiences, and that we need to work a lot on that together. And the point is, there are two different types of data, mainly. One is what's happening on chain, what's happening on the blockchain, and the other part is what is not happening on the blockchain, but it's still relevant. So in that case, as you mentioned, if you look at sandbox or Decentraland or somnium space or any other sort of metaverse, if you're a guest, as I said, or if you're just exploring the world without making any transaction, without interacting with the blockchain, it's like you would be playing Fortnite, you're not connected to the blockchain. Really, you're not interacting with it. You might be retrieving some data from there, but that's very tense. You leave no track on the blockchain. We can put it this way. And if you don't leave any track on the blockchain, you're not registered as a user, as a unique active wallet on the predator. So this is ultimately how it works. Now having said that, it's still those 6000 users or whatever the number is, that is still very relevant because I want to know how many people are actually leaving track on the blockchain and how many people are just looking at that still. Still using the data, but they're not actively contributing there. So that's something we certainly have in mind. And in the future our aim is to merge those two. And as a user you can see, okay, so there is maybe 100 people every day doing something, leaving track on the blockchain, which would mean trading assets, doing some, I don't know, asset crafting, breeding, whatever it is. But then there is 50, 00, 10,000 people who want to just look at what you built and those are off chain. Maybe they don't even have a wallet. They don't even know what the blockchain is, but they're using it. At some point they might get onboarded and become a part of that hundred and help it grow to 1000 and then 10,000, then a million and so on. This is the very brief explanation of what happened there.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, no, it's interesting to hear, isn't it? And in this early adopter phase, we're still kind of trying to measure all these metrics in different ways on and off chain. So it's good to have that kind of knowledge and understanding when we see these numbers as well. And, you know, a lot of people would say that in terms of the broader adoption of blockchain, you know, started off see bitcoin and then more financial rails and then nfts grabs people's attentions because it was attention, because it was visual and, you know, images helps it kind of, I guess, be more accessible. And games, there's such a huge industry there already that once people learn and get educated and the tools are built out, that might be the next big on boarder for people to blockchain, whether they know that's happening or not. But, yeah, I guess my last question to you is, what are you looking forward to next? What's coming for Dappradar? And then is there any kind of games or adapts that you're particularly excited about at the moment, yeah.
Speaker C: For Dapp radar, we're a huge believer in games in general. I think for the next one, two, three years we'll see crazy stuff happening in games and blockchain industry and I think we'll see something again. What happened in 2021, it exploded so fast. We were all looking behind it, ok, we knew it's coming, but at this pace, come on. I think that's what we are going to see with games as well. We are preparing for this because in order to provide proper discovery to allow users to discover these games and these dapps, we need to be ready. And that requires a lot of resources, that requires a lot of hands in a way, to do custom metrics to custom KPI's about every single game to reflect the way they work. And for that we have a thing that we call contribute to earn. So you heard about play to earn. This is contribute to earn. It's about allowing anybody from outside to contribute. And, you know, whatever it is, they could be coding, could be writing good articles, building tools, and then do different kinds of things for the operator and for Dapps. And that's something we're working on. And you know, this was done in order to have a successful adapt store because we don't want to keep the power in our hands, we want to give it away to community, which means, well, we also don't need to do all the work because then that can be biased. So let's allow anybody to contribute and this way they get rewarded. Now, one funny thing for the end, before we end, I was recently playing with chat, GPT, the AI chat, and I asked it to come up with a poem about appraisal. I'm not going to quote at all, but just two lines of that, and those were with contribute to earn in full effect. App stores are no longer a subject. So I don't know, it's not me, it's Chad GPT saying, but you know, the predator is an evolution of app stores and that's where we're going. And I think games will be the vertical, the category of dapps that will help us and the rest of the world, especially gamers who are against nfts now, understand how big this is and how good it is for them, not just for those crypto G's.
Speaker B: Yeah, that is an amazing way to end this part of the interview using artificial intelligence chat bot GPT-3 yeah, it's smarter than all of us probably, probably knows, I would guess. But yes, thanks so much for doing that chat. That was awesome. I appreciate you coming on. And yeah, if you will hang around, we're going to dive into a story which is definitely relevant about animaker brand. So, Jeremy, over to you.
Speaker A: Hey everyone. We're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real vision crypto daily briefing.
Speaker D: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this, for the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what. With each vendor, Ramp software collects and verifies receipts instantly. To save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments. Time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use Ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker, adding Ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get $250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy. Ramp.com easy remp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank and celtic bank members have DIC terms and conditions apply.
Speaker A: Yeah, a fascinating conversation between the two of you. I've been on the edge of my seat. That's really, really good stuff. I'm super excited about web three gaming. We're going to stay with the Metaverse here, but we're going to move to music. We recently reported that Animoca brands, the Metaverse gaming company behind Sandbox, is launching a $2 billion fund and it looks like they're already putting their money where their mouth is. Animoca is acquiring a majority stake in Pixelnix, which is a music metaverse gaming platform. Animoca was an early investor in Pixelnix, which had been founded by musicians Deadmau and Richie Houghton. The news comes a year after Animoca struck a deal with Warner Music Group to create the first music themed world within the same sandbox gaming Metaverse. Luke, want to get yours? And scrum antis thoughts on this?
Speaker B: Yeah, it's an interesting one. Animoca brand is obviously huge player in this space. Amazing history, been here for a long time, have lived through all of these cycles and continue to make big moves and music specifically in the web three context. They are an industry that's moving quickly. You mentioned Warner music having their plot in the sandbox and trying to create these virtual experiences there. And, you know, we've seen some evidence of that, as I say again, in the centralized virtual world, places like Fortnite, where they've done virtual gigs. So the famous one is Travis Scott did a gig in Fortnite, so as an avatar, and people attended as avatars and they bought skins to do that. Reportedly netted about $20 million in total, which was the equivalent of him doing ten back to back physical arena shows. So he was able to do that show once and then kind of scale it to the world. So virtual touring and selling digital merch alongside that is a fascinating move for music. We've also seen, probably not a label is another project. Warner, I think, are involved with that kind of to create a decentralized music label. Even MTV at the recent Video Music Awards added a category, the best Metaverse performance category. So they now have a virtual gigs type awards. And Blackpink, the kpop band, won that this year. So lots going on in this space. So, yeah, really interesting. And yes, schematics, I don't know if there's anything you want to add around the music side of stuff.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think we spoke a lot about gaming, but music, it's something I think, that matches very well with metaverse, and I can actually prove that with yet another quick story. So one year ago, a bit more than one year ago, actually. I think before we launched our token, we did an announcement in somnium space, in some new space, kind of the Metaverse VR one. And, you know, I was on stage in full VR, and we had a. Before the. Before the announcement, we had a live musician doing, you know, acoustic sort of music and singing there for all the people who were on stage there as well. And then after, afterwards, after my speech there, we also had a kind of a club music, we had a dj on stage. So. So it's quite insane, you know, to, let's say you put on VR gear, you go there, you know, you hang around with people that you know and don't know, you hear people actually singing and you can see them performing. That's. It's not reality. Right. But that's pretty close. And, you know, anytime I see something's happening with the metaverse, I'm just like, okay, yes, nice. One step closer. One step closer. You know, we're getting there. So super excited about this.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, it's interesting, especially the VR side of stuff, because it's the technology that's been around for a long time, has kind of been permanently in a bear market until potentially recently. And you know, meta quest two, that headset, the hardware outsold Xbox, I think for the first time last year. So we're starting to see something kind of move with, with VR. And yeah, these immersive music experiences feel like a good fit for that. There's another one called Red Pill VR where they are using or about to use cloud computing. So you'll be able to put your headset on, but you won't necessarily need a really powerful computer to experience an amazing environment built on Unreal Engine, which is used for films and lots of video games, and experience this kind of live environment with live dj's as avatars. So that feels like a natural kind of direction for this ought to go in, which is interesting for sure. But yeah, Jeremy, I know we're going to move on and maybe we've got some questions from the real vision community as well.
Speaker A: We do. Just before I get into that, just this conversation of virtual gigs kind of came to mind. My girlfriend works for a large tech company and they had their Christmas party in the metaverse last year because they are a global company. And as the headline act for their Christmas party, they had Macklemore come on stage and do a set virtually, which, I mean, that was my first kind of exposure to these virtual gigs. And I was like, whoa, that is like, the potential of this is so massive. And it was really, really cool to see, and I'm just incredibly curious to see how this continues to evolve. But as you said, we have some viewer questions. The first one, we've obviously talked about the upside of web three gaming and the potential there. But one of our viewers asked what are the potential downsides of putting AAA games or some of its assets on the blockchain for the biggest gaming developers?
Speaker B: Yeah, interesting one, scamantis. Maybe your best place to answer that. And I can jump over some thoughts after that.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think the downside and the risk is if they do that without changing their business model at all. So if you just come take existing business model, just put it on the blockchain, well, that's not going to work. If Fortnite suddenly says, look, these assets are going to be nfts so that everybody buys them and starts trading, what's the need for Fortnite? So it needs to change a bit. They need to add royalties, they need to understand how it changes the whole economy for them. So I think that that's also something that either the game developers are sort of worried about because you can't just put it on there and have it running. You got to think of a new business model at the same point in time. I don't think there are currently probably the biggest downside is that you will see what discord saw. You know, you announced that, oh, we're going to be doing nfts and suddenly everyone is turning against you. So maybe that would be one of the biggest risks out there as a big game company to turn into nfts. But hey, we're working in this industry. We'll get there. We know that.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, it'll take time and there's a bit of education in the sentiment shift to go. But I guess another risk is, as with all crypto assets, making it really user friendly and security and keeping those assets safe, especially if it's with younger users, you know, and make sure they don't lose all their stuff that they've earned as well, I would guess as well. But yeah. Jeremy, I wonder if we've got some more questions.
Speaker A: Thank you for those answers, gentlemen. Ralph H. On the real vision website is asking for Skermantis. From what geographic regions are you seeing the most demand? Do games tend to be open architecture to the degree that this would be available on most games? And are traditional game developers keen to allow virtual assets to be sold back and forth?
Speaker C: I'm looking forward yet to see those AAA games and how these are going to play out. But what we saw with play to earn games, a lot of the traffic, a lot of the users out there are from developing countries because that's where, for example, I know there are huge communities in Philippines and Venezuela and similar countries. They literally changed, if not millions, then hundreds of thousands of people lives this way. And so this was the first wave and I'm looking forward to see how it evolves.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's an interesting one, isn't it as well? And I think what some game developers might not have quite understood yet is this idea of this kind of open system to control all of your assets in your game. At the moment. In games where you buy a title and everything is contained within your world, there is some amazing opportunities to be able to open that up and let anyone else who's a fan to create maybe a fan world where if you own a sword in one game, you can bring it outside of that into a new fan run world or it can unlock another experience. And you get the benefit of the scale of the Internet by enabling content creators to allow access from assets from your game into their world and you expand that way, this big open network effect. So I guess, yeah, it might be interesting to watch that for sure, but yeah, I think we're heading towards the end. But Jeremy, I'll throw it back to you.
Speaker A: One last question. This is from Brad Smith on YouTube, and I'm not sure if either of you are familiar with this protocol called veracity. If you have any thoughts on that tech from the guests and a quick Google, I was looking at it. It says it is a protocol and product layer platform for esports and video entertainment. If either of you are familiar, familiar.
Speaker B: With veracity, it's something I need to dive into. The esports world is fascinating. I spent a bit of time watching stuff there as they recently streamed some stuff inside portals, a metaverse on Solana, which was really cool. Varasi, I would need to a bit more research on, but schematics, don't know if you know anything on that.
Speaker C: Same here. Same here, Luke. We'll definitely take a look because esports blockchain, you know, gaming makes a ton of sense.
Speaker B: Yeah, for sure.
Speaker A: Brad, hold the line. We will get back to you on that. Thank you for asking that question. This has been another fascinating conversation today. Thank you to both Luke and Skermontis for joining us. I've got some key takeaways. We will jump over to the gentleman and get their key takeaways. But as we continue to follow stories that are breaking out of the crypto space, of course, digital currency group and Grayscale continue to come under fire, with Grayscale being sued by Fir Tree capital Management, with Fir tree wanting grayscale to close the gap, so to speak, between their trust and the price of the underlying assets by resuming redemptions and lowering fees for their grayscale bitcoin trust. Also, we covered today three arrows Capital. Founders Suzu and Cal Davies have been subpoenaed by a federal judge, forcing them to turn over documents and records relating to three arrows capital, property and finances, and giving them 14 days to comply. Lastly, we spoke about Animoca brands continuing to make waves in the metaverse with their recent investment in music metaverse gaming platform Pixelnix. Gentlemen, I want to jump over to you for your key takeaways. Let's start first with scrum antis.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think we talked a lot about gaming and metaverse, and I'm really happy we did this way because personally, I think that's where it goes. And I heard that question quite a few times. It's like, who wants to be on the metaverse. And what I see is those millions of people of teenagers and so on playing Roblox daily or similar games, they already are on the metaverse. They're just calling it a different name. And you add some other things on top, which is like asset ownership. You have the monetary system in there, you have the economy, trustlessness. And it's just, it's the same but on steroids. So what are we talking about?
Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely. And yes, I think you've said it really well there. But yeah, you know, we're in an early phase here, but the, a lot of evidence is there around, you know, as you say, kids growing up in Roblox and Fortnite being native with digital assets, gaming being such a huge industry, when I think that education gets through, that people can kind of own their assets in this way, I wouldn't be surprised if that is the massive next onboarder into blockchain. And hopefully probably people won't know about that. Blockchain is necessarily the tech underneath it. It's going to be a smooth experience and people will play the games because they're fun. And yeah, that's where a next major wave might come from. So we will see.
Speaker A: Yes, we will. And for me personally, I'm excited about web three gaming because if I can tell my girlfriend that I'm getting paid to do so, I might be allowed to play more games. So that's what I'm looking for forward to. But that's everything from us today. I want to thank you, scrumatis, for joining us. Thank you to Luke for hosting. I think we will definitely be bringing both of you back on in the near term. Pleasure doing the show with you.
Speaker C: Thank you.
Speaker B: Yeah, thanks for having us both. Yeah.
Speaker A: Thank you, gentlemen, that's it for today. Once again, do not forget to subscribe to real Vision crypto on both the real vision platform as well as on YouTube. Once again, smash everything. Hit that. Like Bell, subscribe the notification bell as well so you don't miss us when we go live. Join us again tomorrow. We will have Sergei Nazara from Chainlink and Sidney Powell of Maple Finance live on the show. That will be at noon eastern time, 05:00 p.m. in London, live on the real vision crypto daily briefing.
