Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30. 30 baby get 30 baby get 20. 2020 baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month, so give.
Speaker A: It a try at mint mobile.com switch.
Speaker C: $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time Unlimited more than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall. To get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance, visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year, join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. And now into today's episode of Rao, Real Vision.
Speaker C: Hi everyone. Welcome to the real Vision Daily briefing. If you've joined us for the festival of learning, you know that Ral and I are busy wrapping up with a live ask me anything over on the website. I can either confirm or deny whether any spanish cava is involved. If you weren't able to make it though, don't worry. We are going to do something special here as well. We're going to unlock a couple of conversations that were most popular among our members over the last few weeks. The first revolves around the role of hard assets in this period of stress.
Speaker E: I want to save ten minutes for the discussion on gold versus bitcoin. As I said earlier, it is a bit of a hot potato, this topic. And to use your wording, Ronnie, I think the bitcoin case is an extremely dividing case in many ways. Also, even compared to the gold case, everyone's got an opinion on bitcoin as well. And either it's basically the cure for everything, or else it's not worth anything. So, Frank, I'll start with you. Digital gold, bitcoin versus the actual physical gold. What's your opinion on this?
Speaker F: I have very strong opinions. So I did a debate a couple of years ago with Michael Saylor, who is the biggest bitcoin proponent out there. And I did it for a reason, because he was out there talking about bitcoin, which is fine, do whatever you like. But he was suggesting that gold was going to go to zero and bitcoin was going to take over the entire gold market and go to a million dollars per coin. Okay? And that really I had to shake my head, and I challenged him to a debate. He finally agreed. And we can find that on YouTube somewhere. There's over 2 million views on that. And I went through all the reasons why gold, bitcoin is not gold, okay? Now, obviously, there are two similarities. The similarities are scarcity, okay? Gold is scarce. Bitcoin is scarce. Arguably more scarce than gold because gold has an inflation rate around 1.52% a year. But here's the thing, and listen, I've always said this. I may be wrong, but if you want my honest opinion as whether bitcoin is the same as gold as a store of value, I say absolutely not. And I'll give you all my reasons. Because it's untested in a crisis. Yet it's barely a decade and a bit old, okay? It's never been tested during a crisis. It does not behave and has not behaved like gold. They actually behave differently at different times, which is proof that it's not gold. It's something. I don't know what it is, but it doesn't, you know, it behaves contrary to gold. For a long time, it was a momentum play played by all the big players. And I have to give credit to the bitcoin maxis. They did an incredible job of marketing the concept of bitcoin. An incredible job, including buying off members of Congress with inflated bitcoin prices. You know, you got to give them credit. They did it. Okay? But it's not gold. Okay? Gold's been around for 5000 years. Gold announced a gold today will buy you a fine gentleman suit, like a cuccinelli suit. 1oz will buy. 150 years ago, it bought you a nice gentleman's suit. 2000 years ago, it bought you a fine roman tunic. Okay? It keeps its value, period. So what do I fear? What is my fear about bitcoin is that in a crisis, and I am one of those that believe that eventually we will have a dollar crisis, a fiat currency crisis, because you can't do what they're doing forever. Eventually, gravity will take over and you're going to have a loss of confidence. You have a crisis. If bitcoin is any type of threat to the US dollar system or perceived to be a threat, they will kill, haul it, and it's easy to do. All you have to do is outlaw the ownership of bitcoin or control the amount that you own. And you can shut off the on and off ramps quite easily. It's a digital asset that you can shut it off with a switch of a button if you wanted to and so if that were to happen in a really extreme scenario, what are you going to do with all that cold sitting in your wallet? What good is it going to do? Now listen, gold. They've tried to confiscate your gold in the past. The US tried to do it in 1933. 1st they said, you know, turn in all your gold. And then momentarily after that, they repriced gold or devalued the dollars. They basically screwed over the american people. And in 1971, after all the promises, Nixon closed the gold window and said, no, we're no longer go back. You can't have our gold. So gold was like smoke. You thought it was there. You went to grab it and it was gone. Okay, so they may try and confiscate your gold, but they will never try and kill it because they own it. Central banks own a lot of gold and they keep buying it, including the US has a lot of gold. It's not selling it. Okay? So they may try and get your gold, and good luck to them if they try, but they will never try and kill it. Now, bitcoin, they don't own bitcoin. Bitcoin is just a competitor, a potential competitor in a time of crisis. And you know what happens in times of crisis. You have capital controls. Also, governments will go to great lengths in a crisis to, you know, including screwing over their own people to keep the system intact. So that's it to me. That's it. Now listen, I may be proven wrong, and if I live 50 years longer here, in 50 years, you asked me and I'm wrong, great. But if you're asking me today, where am I going to keep my store of value where I can sleep at night? It's going to be gold. Bitcoin has its purpose. And people can speculate whether it will be a gold like asset someday. And that's fine. And they may be right, but it's certainly not proven today, and I wouldn't take the risk as a store value. End of speech.
Speaker E: Ronnie, before I allow you to respond to that, I'd like to challenge you a little bit, Frank, with a follow up question. Let's assume that something material happens to the view on bitcoin within central banks. Let's assume that there's a growing probability that central banks will actually accept bitcoin as part of their reserve, or accept the possibility that bitcoin could become part of some sort of digitally backed currency. Would that be a game changer for your view? That's basically my question, of course.
Speaker F: But again, you're speculating if my aunt had a beard, she'd be my uncle. It's like you're speculating if. And that's what guys like Michael Saylor running around and say, well, look, El Salvador and Central African Republic. I said, so what? By the way, it's been an absolute disaster in El Salvador as the whole bitcoin experiment. Sure, if tomorrow the central bank of China or any other large country decided to load up on bitcoin, of course it would change my view. But it's not happening. I don't see it happening. And so until it happens, you can't ask me questions like that because of speculation.
Speaker E: Fair point, Frank. Ronnie, I'll allow you to conclude on this topic. I suppose that you have a lot of discussions on this exact topic of bitcoin versus gold with institutions and clients of yours.
Speaker G: Yeah, well, Andreas, I mean, I bought my first bitcoins in 2012 and in hindsight I sold too early. That's at least what my wife keeps telling me. But I think what I really like about it is that people are discussing money again. And I see first of all, if you go to bitcoin conferences, it's crazy. You meet so many people from all over the globe with a very, very positive attitude and it's a very positive sentiment. And that's what I kind of enjoy, especially compared to gold and mining conferences where it's sometimes a bit depressing. But the fact that young kids are now questioning themselves and asking the question, what is money? Where does money come from? What is good money? I think that's a very, very positive thing because money is not being taught in school, on universities. And I would say 99% of all people working in the bank have got no clue how money is actually being created. So that's a positive thing. The second thing is we run two funds that actually combine gold and bitcoin. One of them is 75% physical gold stored in Liechtenstein and 25% bitcoin in a cold wallet. And then we use the volatility of the bitcoin market by writing options, which is from my point of view that totally makes sense. But we faced lots of criticism from the gold community saying bitcoin is our arch enemy, but then also from the crypto community because they said, well, gold is. That's only for old people and it's the past but not the future. From my point of view, it's a good combination. And of course, I mean, gold has this tremendous 5000 years track record while bitcoin is hardly a teenager. I mean, it's around for 15 years. And we all know from our teenage times that we do crazy things during that time, but we grow up. And I think that bitcoin has also grown up. And we are seeing, for example, when it comes to volatility, the 360 day volatility of bitcoin was 38%, which is the lowest volatility on record. Gold's volatility, by the way, is roughly 13%. So it is definitely, it's a volatile beast, but it is also something that I think tries to copy gold. And I think Satoshi Nakamoto, whoever it was, he clearly understood gold. And, for example, in the white paper, it says the steady addition of a constant amount of new coins is analogous to gold miners expanding resources to add gold to circulation. In our case, it is cpu time and electricity that is expended. The stock to flow ratio is really crucial when it comes to understanding gold and when it comes to understanding bitcoin. And I think this relative scarcity of gold and bitcoin, this low inflation rate, this is really something that you want to have in this world that we're living in, this monetary system. So I would say buying bitcoin but also buying gold, it's like a very active decision to leave the fiat money system. And I've got it. For many people that have never bought gold but also bitcoin before, for them, it's like they feel like something, you know, it's like having sex for the very first time. You know, they. They try to read everything and, you know, inform themselves, and they're really nervous. But it is, I think once you got it, once you understand how our monetary system works, I think gold, you know, for stability, but probably bitcoin for convexity, makes sense. But I know that it's a. It's a very, very emotional topic. But, you know, let's face it, we're, you know, free market guys. And I think, you know, we all enjoy the virtues of competition, and why shouldn't we have currency competition? I think that's what Hayek basically said. So I really welcome the fact that bitcoin is here. And I would say that I once made the comparison in an interview with Daniela Camboni. I said, it's like, gold is like having this super stable Volvo SUV in your garage, while bitcoin is like a motorcycle at Ducati Panangale. And you can have both, actually, yeah, why not? When it's probably a bit icy, when it's raining, when it's foggy, you want to sit in the Volvo SUV. But it's probably more fun to ride the Ducati. So I'm in the camp that says, well, why not have both?
Speaker H: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited premium wireless. Everybody get 30, 30 better 30, baby get 20. 2020 better get 2020 better get 15. 1515 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint mobile.com switch.
Speaker C: $45 up front for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for a limited time unlimited. More than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker E: Ronnie, to be brutally honest, I think losing my bitcoin virginity was a better experience than losing my actual virginity. I guess that says a lot about the latter, right? Guys, it's been a tremendous pleasure hosting you for this discussion on gold markets and also the discussion on gold versus bitcoin. Ronnie Stoffelier of incremental asset management, thank you very much for being with us. And also Frank, the president of the Fiora Group, thank you very much for being with us on our platform. It was a pleasure hosting you.
Speaker C: Ronnie raises an interesting point about the parallels between bitcoin and gold. Are digital currencies finally beginning to move into the role of alternative assets? In this next segment, Raoul and Kevin Kelly break down the very latest happenings at the cross section of macro and crypto.
Speaker H: What I'm trying to express to people is we kind of just watch just the price and we see that and it's like, that's what we think is going on. But when you actually spend some time, like Kevin and I were at a party, there's a whole group of people doing music. There's a whole group of people seeding the consumer application side and building that. There's VC's helping all of these new businesses in their journey. Then there was people like Colleen Sullivan, who's been on real vision, talking about gaming and culture. There was Brian Armstrong talking about regulation. There's the people working on payments, rails. There's the people working on zero knowledge. There's people working on every single part of this. The guys from Franklin Templeton have been on real vision. We're talking about tokenizing real world assets. So what you're seeing is the financial system, building the gaming industry, building the culturally relevant stuff around music and fashion and nfts and all of that building we're seeing the payments rails, the wallet, the application level. I mean there is so much going on and you don't really realize it because you just watch price and watch Twitter. But really it is so deep and so disruptive and everyone's kind of taken their niche and is going after that part of the ecosystem to disrupt. And the space I get reminded every time I go to an event is it is easily the smartest group of most eclectic thinkers of any industry ive ever been in. When I was at Goldman, finance was taking more nuclear scientists and more scientists overall than all of academia and pretty much everywhere else. We had a lot of smart people, but they were singular types that fitted in. This is like christ, everybodys a weirdo and theyre all incredibly smart. So that was my takeaway. Kevin, what do you think? What did you see?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think to that point, sometimes I think I shouldn't say we the people in our industry are often almost too smart for our own good, where as we've talked about, I think getting back to the basics and simplicity, simplicity will rule complexity every day of the week, especially when you're talking about more consumer facing applications. No, I had very similar sentiments. I think the focus on the application layer as well as all the classic infrastructure conversations that happened was certainly refreshing. There was two or three really well put together events specifically targeting real world assets like you just talked about, which I thought was a bit surprising. And it seems like again, that's an area where there's a lot of both time and resource and investment going into, even though that's very, very nascent, at least where we are today. So there's plenty of things that, again, for anybody who's an enthusiast or just curious about this space can branch into. And that's also what I love about it. To your point, a lot more of the events I was around was that consumer facing application cultural type of web three use cases. But there's really something for everybody in this space, whether you're a developer and you're really focused on the infrastructure side, whether you're now again have experience in product development and specific consumer product development, and what the important kind of metrics are, how you even acquire wire users for a new application and all of those kind of trade secrets are only becoming more important as those types of applications start to get built out. The whole tradfi real world finance aspect. So there's the merging or meeting of the minds across a number of different sectors, number of different ideas, number of different industries that are all coming together within web three. It's certainly going to take time. It's not an overnight thing, events like that. I totally agree. It's a nice refresher and rejuvenator of sorts right around what it is, why we're still here and why we're excited about those.
Speaker H: And the other two that stood out to me is I had a chat with Tolly from Solana, him as a thought leader. He's impeccable, he never attacks anybody. He's very inclusive. What they're building is mind blowing. It's the first time I've really heard about. Is it called fire dancer?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker H: 400,000 tpS. I presume it's a Solana layer two.
Speaker B: Is it a Solana client? But yes. Yes. The purpose is to try and increase scalability. And it's one of those things where at scale, or once we reach more, quote unquote, mass adoption, those types of developments will be really important. But I still do think not to ran an operator. I still do think we have a lot of excess capacity in terms of block space and just a lot of the technology that's been built to improve scalability and all that. We really need to have more of those use cases that bring more people in for us to really test the limitations.
Speaker H: It's also a catch 22, because unless it's, you can't do ticketing, well, you can do now in Solana because they've made it so cheap, but a lot of the use cases you can't do. You either can't do big enough files like video, or you can't do cheap enough to do tickets. It's like, it's part of the infrastructure needs to happen. But you're right. I mean, there's an excess of blockchain capacity, which is why I think all of us think that the consolidation ends up in five or so major chains, I guess.
Speaker B: Yeah. I will say really quickly, in our conversation, you and I both had the event we attended. If you're looking for a real kind of example or examples of this kind of consumer facing product app development that we're talking about, I would check out everything that chest loss and the seed club team is doing. They've got their demo day in a couple of days.
Speaker H: Yeah, I couldn't make it, but that looks a great day, actually.
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. And they basically, Kevin, tell us, for.
Speaker G: People who aren't familiar, tell us a little bit about it.
Speaker B: Yeah. So seed club basically started off as.
Speaker H: A.
Speaker B: I guess a bit of a dower collection of people who wanted to focus on creating an accelerator model for more unique, novel, consumer facing products within the web three space. And they eventually, certain members of their team also wound up spinning up a venture side that allows them to invest in some of these projects. But the point being is they now have, I think, hundreds and hundreds of applicants for 15 to 20 slots for each of these cohorts that they do, accelerated cohorts that they do. And they basically take them through a classic accelerator program where all the way from the kind of ideation to trying to build an MVP to then demoing what that MVP looks like, how it can be used, and the range of these types of products go anywhere from, again, music applications to ticketing to whatever the demo days. I've found really, really valuable not just to see what people are building out there, but also to kind of expand the imagination of, of what is possible with this tech. And whats really interesting, you have a lot of people and founders who are building something from an industry that they come from and theyre trying to find better ways to leverage web three and crypto and this technology to create an actual better product than what the incumbents can offer, either a new product or something that is significant improvement upon what exists today. All of us have our own expertise in different worlds that we come from. And so what I love about that is, is people talking from a point of being a domain expert about my, let's call it music industry expertise and experience. And now I'm going to go build an application that's targeting this industry. And here's the problems we're trying to solve and here's how we're doing it with web three. It's just a really, really interesting and quite frankly, a fun team to follow because I think a lot of what they're doing is at the center of some of the trends that we've been talking about here.
Speaker H: And you've interviewed Jess in the past, but I think it'd be a great idea to bring him back to yeah.
Speaker B: Because they've done a ton, yeah, a ton since I first run him on.
Speaker H: He's one of the nicest people in the business and also he sees a lot of interesting things. So you should definitely get him back. The other thing that was interesting around the consumer stuff is Tarik. So Kevin and I were co founders of a business called Science Magic Studios and Tarik's the president. He ran web through it, adidas. Many of you have seen him on the platform. We had a great Twitter spaces with Lacoste, some karate combat group, and also the guy who built, Adam Brotman, who built Starbucks loyalty program. Just really interesting to see how the big brands are thinking about this. And they were thinking about it in the same way that you were just saying they're using web three, not as we want to do a web three thing. Theyre saying how do we get closer to our community? What are the business problems were trying to solve and how do we use this technology? Does this apply to this? And its been really, really good for them. So theyre all still crazy excited about that kind of stuff. And I think well see more of that over time. The other people I bumped into was the team at Coinbase, the head of institution, Brett Tej Paul, whos been on real vision, great guy, and also the head of Coinbase asset management, because thats a new thing that theyve done as well. Theyve bought one river, theyve integrated that. Every time I meet people from Coinbase, im more impressed. What theyre doing is building, theyre going to build a monopoly in the end and the us governments are going to enable it and maybe the Europeans are too. So Coinbase is just fascinating, the quality of what they're building, who they're building. Kevin, you know more about it. I don't really understand base.
Speaker B: Yeah. So base is, base is basically a, you can think about it as an l two, ethereum, l two that Coinbase built basically using the fork of the optimism tech steps, use like optimistic roll ups. Right. I, what I find really interesting about base is that, and I think you and I have talked about this a little bit and we had an actually really good discussion internally this past week on this broader kind of meta concept. I think when it comes to these l one s, l two s, these base layers, these protocols where this activity is taking place, I think we're going to start to see, yes, there are still things that need to be built out and improved upon on the technology side, but when it comes to things like rollups, some of that technology might wind up becoming more and more commoditized. So what you can do with it doesnt really change a whole lot. But what becomes even more important now is distribution. And so distribution over tack may wind up being the kind of winning solution or what matters more, long term or in the end game. What excites me about base is one is backed by Coinbase. I think Coinbase is an extremely impressive team. Theyve almost gone full circle and theyve become cool again. In a sense. Theyve played into a lot of the relevant crypto narratives and the ethos of this space more recently. And some of the applications that are being built on there are actually starting to gain quite a bit of traction. Frontech is one that has exploded onto the scene in the last several weeks. When you look at some of the, some of the on chain data and metrics, I mean, base has already surpassed what optimism and arbitrum, some of these other kind of what you would consider l two competitors or peer chains, it's already surpassed them in terms of total transaction count, activity levels. And so the fact that it's going to be integrated into this bigger ecosystem that Coinbase is building, I really think Coinbase is going to wind up being the gateway for a lot of people within web three. And I think that they're going to be able to sustain some of the revenue or business lines that they currently have, especially around retail trading, because as we've talked about, convenience in this space is also going to be, I think, a big factor going forward. So you might be paying above average fees to trade on Coinbase's platform or its exchange, but if you're not really leaving their ecosystem because you're interacting with applications that are built on base, you have the ability to trade in and out of assets right there in one interface that you dont have to leave. I think theyre actually going to have a bit more staying power or the ability to charge above average fees across the board than most people think. When I say most people, I think Wall street analysts, theres quite a bit.
Speaker H: Of walls and security of storage. Coinbase, if youre going to store it on an exchange, Coinbase would be my chosen one.
Speaker B: Yeah, everything theyre doing there, I think in terms of distribution, its hard to see a more, a better team or a better l two right now that has that type of distribution potential than Coinbase because they can build off of everything they've already built.
Speaker C: Raoul and Kevin have that conversation monthly. We've heard from a lot of you that you want to better understand this space. So we are going to be dropping a new crypto section for the academy. All of this is available on the new real vision platform. Just go to realvision.com to learn how to join the best financial community out there. Have a great weekend, everyone.
Speaker D: What's up, revolutionaries? Thanks for tuning in. For more content like this, head over to realvision.com and get unfiltered access to the very best, brightest and biggest names in finance.
