Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30. 30, baby get 30, baby get 20. 2020, baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month, so give.
Speaker A: It a try at Mint mobile.com switch.
Speaker C: $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time.
Speaker B: Unlimited more than 40gb per month slows.
Speaker C: Full terms at Mint mobile.com dot. Hey, everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance. Join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten. That's podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Now to the top analysis of today's crypto markets.
Speaker D: I'm really excited to speak to Whakarenda. Great name. One of the greatest digital artists in the NFT world and somebody who's a friend of mine as well. He's an incredible. He's got an incredible story. He's an amazing talent, and I want to find out what the hell he's up to. He's been a pioneer, so listening to things that he's doing will give us an idea where the space is gonna go. And I think it's just going to be really interesting to see how he sees everything evolving. The world of crypto is an incredibly exciting journey that we're all going on together. We don't know where it's leading to, but we know it's going to be absolutely massive. Join me, Raoul pal, as I guide you on our adventure to discover just what this new world will look like. Fred, fantastic to see you on real vision.
Speaker E: Yeah. Thank you so much for having me.
Speaker D: I've been waiting for this for ages, since we met in Paris at such a good time. I thought I'd definitely have to get you on.
Speaker E: Yeah. Thank you so much.
Speaker D: So, before we start, why the name fuck render? It's a brilliant name, but where did it come from?
Speaker E: It's actually a funny story. When I started doing art and 3d about, let's say, eight, nine years ago, I'm not quite sure. Not very good with dates, but I was working on a very old MacBook, probably like a 2000, 820 ten MacBook. And it was so long to see the art because when you do 3d rendering, you have the viewport, which is what I see, and you have the rendering. The rendering is always super long. And just to see, like, my art would. It would take like, 8 hours just to see what it looks like, to realize it would look like garbage, you know? So I would have to do redo everything from start to finish and everything. So, yeah, and when I started this, like, I just started to learn, like, like, 3d just for fun and just like, basically to, like, learn something new and everything. And, yeah, I started this instagram to have, like, a place where I could share my progress and store my progress, and I needed to find a name, so I called it fuck render. Never expecting it to be something, you know, like, I, that was just a way for me to, like, learn art and just like, yeah, for fun.
Speaker D: Let's go back in time and give me a story. How the hell did you get into digital art? What were you doing? What was your journey? And then we'll talk about your journey into nfts and everything else, because it's fascinating.
Speaker E: Yeah, I think it all started at 17 years old. I'm from a small town called Magog. It's in the eastern township of Quebec, which is why I have this thick french accent. And, yeah, like, I was like, I knew this guy Dan, who was working on, like, films and doing like, 3d art and stuff like this. And I was like, oh, that's so crazy. Like, I didn't know that was a job. And I was very bad at school. I got, I got placed in, like, difficulty classes since high school, since my first year of high school. And I quit high school at 15 or 16 years old. Don't fully remember, but I don't have, like, I don't have a degree or anything. And, like, far to have a degree. I don't even have, like, my, in French is second. I don't have a. I say well, at all, which is like, you're not allowed in society when you don't have these. You know, it's like, like, basically you cannot read. Joking. But yeah, that was how people would see me when I, when I quit school. But so, yeah, so I started to learn 3d that way I do. I did it for a month and I edited it. I was like, okay, this is too complicated for me. I'm not smart enough for this. So I quit a few years after I met my fiance that I'm still with her, Joe, that you actually met. We moved to Montreal, started to work in a restaurant, and many years later, I was doing a lot of cycling and I had this bike accident which left my left side completely numb for years. And still to this day, I still have some numbness in my arm. But it was interesting because when that happened, and I'm the type of person that needs to do something constantly. Like every waking hours, I need to do something like, I cannot just sit still. I have difficulty watching tv just to, just to put you in perspective. So not being able to do bicycle anymore, I was like, oh, I need to do something. So I need to do something that used my brain and just my head. And I remembered when I was 617 to like, I was doing 3d art and stuff like this. I was interested, so I picked it up and I was a little bit more mature, and I started to really like it and really like, deep dive into this new universe for me, which is art by itself.
Speaker D: So did you know you were creative at this point? Or was this suddenly the realization that your creative brain was better than your academic brain and it was your gift?
Speaker E: In fact, I always knew I wanted to do something creative. I never knew what it was like. When I was 16 years old, I would just like make cardigan out of a sewing machine and do tie dyes and stuff like this and sell it at my school. I always wanted to do something creative and stuff like this, but I never exactly knew what. But, yeah, I just spent too much time learning this thing now. And now it's my life.
Speaker D: And so when you started producing, kind of, because you've got a very particular style with this highly rendered, incredible digital imagery, what did you do with it first? Because that was before NFTs, before you had a way of monetizing it. So you're probably thinking, how the hell am I going to make any money?
Speaker E: Yeah. I mean, when I started, to me, it was just like, to learn. And like, after a moment I was like, oh, like this, this action of me learning and doing art makes me feel good. And I was a very anxious person at that time. I lost my mom when I was ten years old. I lost my dad a few years ago and everything, but when I lost my mom, I started to have like, these panic attacks a few years later. And, yeah, like the childhood trauma. I had a bunch of other stuff when I was young, my dad and stuff, but no need to go in details, but yeah, so I pretty much used art to feel better and it was really working. So to me, I never really wanted to make money with this. I just wanted to feel better and just occupy my brain and do something. But it's funny because after maybe four months, I started to have client work, which was crazy. And I had my first meeting, and I was like, people want to hire me for this. This is so crazy. And I remember I went to a meeting in adjacency in Montreal, and they were like, oh, we want this for a music video. Can you do this? And I had no idea how to do it. And I was like, oh, yeah, it's very easy, actually. And, like, I lied so much on this, on this moment. But I knew that, like, if I didn't take that opportunity, like, I would lose it, you know? And I didn't know how to do it. I did it. I learned how to do it, and I started to have more job, more job, more international job. I think my second gig was like, toki Monster. She wanted a music video and now been working a lot with her, and she's amazing and everything. And, yeah, just got client work basically out of this from Instagram.
Speaker D: And so how did Nfts come into the equation? When did you learn about this and sort of thinking this might be a medium for you to express yourself in?
Speaker E: Yeah, I think it was probably, like early 2020, if I'm not wrong. And I was like, I was looking for something like this because for the longest time, like, for five, six years, I did commercial work, like client work, studio work and stuff like this. But the reality is I'm very bad at commercial work or client work. I consider myself more an artist. I was not very good at doing commercial work. I was actually very bad at doing commercial work. And when I started to see nfts and all that stuff, it was like, oh, that's an opportunity for me to do art and not have to care about what a client says or whatever thing they need me to do or execute for them or anything. So it was like, I don't know how to say that in English, but it was like a bright moment when I saw my friends selling their art. I was like, oh, this is insane. I always considered myself as an artist, but no one ever considered me as an artist. But now we have something to consider. Digital art. Art, which was completely crazy to me. Like, it was, like, mind blowing.
Speaker D: So what was your first step? So you see nfts, you kind of get it and you think, okay, this is an avenue for me to explore. What then how the hell did you learn what you had to do to get your digital art on the blockchain? And then to think about, how does anybody know about it? How did that whole process go? Because I'm always fascinated because, you know, an early pioneer in the big movement of kind of fine art nfTs, digital art nfTs. So you're one of the people at the front who had to learn all this stuff.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker D: The rest of us can copy people like you. It's easier.
Speaker E: I mean, it was funny because, like, I was seeing, like, some of my friends, like, Jason Abayer was the first one that I saw minting nfts. Amazing artists. And I was like, how do you do this? And I remember I went on Twitter and I was like, oh, this sucks so much. I think I missed the super rare train. Can you imagine how crazy it is that in 2020 I thought I missed the NFT train. Like, how crazy is this? I was like, oh, this is over for me. Everyone's already on it and I won't be on it. So I tweeted that out and super got me and I sent my video application, which was very awkward because they, they wanted you to do like this introductionary video of you speaking and everything, which was, I always thought was weird still this day. But. So I did it. I went on super. I minted my first piece which was rejuvenate, which was a very important piece for me because in my client career I did like couple burnout and they really left a big mark on me. We can talk about this later. But they were very important for me. And one of the few pieces that I created during this burnout was rejuvenate, self help and many others. So I wanted to mint this first piece. I put it for sale. No one bids on it. And I was like, okay, that's fine. At least I tried. I went to bed and there was a bid war between Galtra and Janice. And I was like, what the fuck is happening? It was so crazy. I wake up with. And the auction stopped. I think it was twelve eat.
Speaker D: Twelve eat.
Speaker E: My first ever pieces.
Speaker D: No way. And nobody knew who you were, really.
Speaker E: I mean, I already had like a big audience on Instagram, to be fair, but they didn't really know who I was. And I had like a bit, a big, like, client list as well. Like, I worked with Dior, like Swarovski supreme, all these big brands. I worked with them before NFT, you know, so that, that probably and clearly helped me for sure to get a good start. But in the NFT space, no one knew who I was, which was very interesting. And so I was super excited right away. I minted another piece. I was like, this is too crazy. And that piece sold. I remember there was a bid of, like, six eat or something and bitcoin profit. Now, a close friend of mine, he put. I think he put, like, 20. Eat it. And he sent me a DM. I was like, I'm cutting out this bullshit. I win this piece. And it was just so crazy. I think I sold it for 25. Eat the second piece. I mean, I was like. I was losing my mind. I was like, this is so crazy. Like, I can't believe this is actually real. I made more in, like, two days that I made in, like a year. Like, literally, I was. I was, like, shaking. I was shaking and super anxious because, like, it didn't make any sense for me. No.
Speaker B: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a.
Speaker D: Quick pause and hear a word from our partners.
Speaker C: We'll be right back.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium Wireless 20 2020 get 2020 get 15. 1515 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint mobile.com switch $45 up front for three.
Speaker C: Months, plus taxes and fees.
Speaker A: Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited.
Speaker B: More than 40gb per month slows full.
Speaker C: Terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: So. Okay, well, that's quite a good validation that maybe you're a good artist and people like the work that you do. So then what? You start thinking you're going to go full time into this and you're going to start creating art? Because, again, people got to realize this is pretty early on, so there's not that many people thinking in the same way. You know, I don't think even people had gone to auction at that stage.
Speaker E: So those prey people.
Speaker D: That's right. So, okay, so you make the decision. You see what's going on. What do you do next?
Speaker E: I went full on. Like, I stopped taking client work and I was like, this is what I'm doing now.
Speaker D: And your work has become incredibly successful and extremely collectible as well, which is. I mean, it must be amazing to you to see this suddenly, you know, the kid who couldn't get through school has now become one of the leading lights of the entire digital arts space. It's just incredible.
Speaker E: Thank you. That's. That's really nice. I mean, for me, like, it's. It's crazy because I think, like, like most people, we always focus on, like, not the negative stuff or anything, but, like, it's hard to like. Like, the journey is never done, you know? So to me, I'm like, oh, this is like just the beginning. But I don't know if that makes sense. But, yeah, I'm extremely grateful. Like, it's. It's just. Yeah, it's just so crazy.
Speaker D: So then you started iterating. You built a separate business or a studio that's attached and also things like kind of PFP projects and to expand the footprint of the people because your work's actually quite inaccessible. Cause it's expensive. So you started creating other things for other people. Was that journey different? Did you find you had different collectors and it was harder to deal with these people? How was that?
Speaker E: Yeah, and like. And it's crazy because, like. So I created. I have three projects right now. I have fuck render, which is my art carrier, which is obviously something that I've been building for many, many years. I have Lucidia, which is this immersive marketplace for artists. So what we do there is, like, we create immersive environments for amazing artists to tell their stories in a. In a more digital way. This is the focus of Lucidia. And we. We have many things that we're doing there, but, like, this is the main focus. And we have nineties kids, which is a skate project where I started skating at ten years old to, like, help with my trauma when I lost my mom and everything. And I always. Me and gay, my best friend since that day, we always wanted to have our own skate brand. And it was the perfect opportunity to start it there. So that's what we're doing there. But the reality is, like, with NFT project is like, the attention span is so short and people have high expectation because they see bored ape and they expect you to be bored ape, you know? And it really, like, it really affected me personally when I launched Lucidia, because Lucidia is not something that can be built in one month or even one year. It's something that. That takes a lot of time. We have about 40, 50 people that have been working on Lucidia for a year and a half now.
Speaker D: Wow.
Speaker E: And we're not near where I want it to be, you know, what's your vision?
Speaker D: What's your vision with Lucidia?
Speaker E: Yeah. So basically, right now, what we're doing, we're currently building the marketplace. We just shut down the immersive experience because we are remodeling everything. We have a bunch of. We just got new Unreal engine senior devs to join the team, which is amazing. But we were building this immersive marketplace because as digital artists, I don't think it makes sense to view digital art on a thumbnail, on a webpage for us. I want to create this immersive experience and tell the story of the artist, because when you go on super or anything, you see the art, and that's it. We want to create an old story for the artist and buy the artist in the most immersive way and the best way to see digital art. That's really where we're focusing and creating this marketplace is just an add on to this whole experience. And we're currently getting a space in Vancouver that is about 4000 sqft. We're going to turn this into a small cafe with the art gallery with a 360 lucidia immersive experience where people will be able to see what's happening virtually, but physically as well. So that's pretty much what we're doing at the moment. It's a lot of work. We're working with UCan manifold and amazing partners to make this a reality. But the reality is it takes time and everything started by myself as me alone. And now we have an amazing team of amazing people, which is insane.
Speaker D: So where does that go? So once you've created these kind of immersive storytelling experiences around arthem, how do I get involved in that without going to Vancouver? How does that work? What's your vision there?
Speaker E: So, okay, just to give a little story of how it started in the nifty gateway days, I started this project for grandaverse, which was an immersive way for people to see my art. That's it. And I picked up Unreal engine, which is a game engine. I learned it about like one or three months. And I created this immersive experience. And it was actually pretty innovative because it was the first, like, web three type of immersive experience. So started there had a lot of success. We started with the crystals. Fuck crystals were amazing success. We released the fuck avatars right before the crash, unfortunately. So everything went a little bit down and we had a lot of. Because when every crash, it brings negative, you know, but that's. I think it's amazing because we are able to keep building it, but it's all started there. And now what we're building is a pixel streaming services where people will just be able to go on the web page and immerse themselves on screen into this virtual world created by us. For artists, example, like Victor Masquera will have like his own virtual space there, telling his story, because his story is amazing. Close friend of mine, but our goal is really to shine light on amazing artists, not necessarily the most famous artists, but also artists that we think have an amazing story, basically. Yeah.
Speaker D: And so it really is sort of part of your imagination of what the metaverse is going to be. It's a fully immersive experience to get away from this 2d display that we talked about or the thumbnail into something that is deeper storytelling, I guess.
Speaker E: Yeah, yeah. I think storytelling is important because I think I have my own story. But imagine these millions of artists their own story. And how can we, like, facilitate collectors to understand the story of an artist.
Speaker D: With our real vision collective project? We've been working with an artist called Yankore based out of Nigeria. And her stories are unique because it's Nigeria. Suddenly she starts selling art at two eth or whatever, and she's like, I've just earned two months worth of wages and she's a lawyer in Nigeria.
Speaker E: How crazy is this?
Speaker D: I know. And she's like, I'm now selling art on a global playing field. And before I'd have to sell it in an art shop or a gallery in Nigeria, and they'd never take me seriously. And now suddenly, the worlds open up. The stories that are going to come from this space, as is your story, theyre amazing because its enabled people, which is why we all love web three, because its kind of leveled the playing field.
Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, no, I agree. And, like, it personally changed my life. And I really, oh, if I can change one person's life in this mission, like, I won. That's literally how I feel about all that. Yeah.
Speaker D: So talk about nineties kids, because you just launched that just after I saw you in Paris. I know you and Ian Rogers are both skaters, and I could see the branding and it's kind of. It's really unique and very cool. What are you doing with that? Because I'm sure you've got a few plans there as well.
Speaker E: This project is so exciting to me because I've been skateboarding my whole life. I cannot skate as much as I wish I could because I'm busy working and I'm getting older. So every time I fall, it's earning more. But skateboarding has always been in my roots and my partner Gabe's route. And we want to create this web three media entertainment business, basically. So what we're doing right now is we're hosting online contests and these contest is we want to redistribute some money to, like, skaters, because for a skater to make money is barely impossible. Like, you need to win contests and everything. And it's a very challenging. It's a very challenging career, to be honest. And we want to help, like, good skaters to, like, be able to travel or, like, go to Barcelona and, like, like, have some footage. So we're hosting, like, these contests every month with cash price and NFT price as well. So this is one part of the old thing. We're launching the nineties magazine, which is going to be very interesting, featuring amazing skateboard photographers. And a lot of skateboarders are artists. So how can we work with these amazing artists that share the same passion as us into this sick web three magazine of skateboarding? It's like the web three trasher, basically. So we're doing this every month we have a burn mechanic. Almost every month we have a burn mechanic introducing new characters just like, just to use, like, blockchain, like, smart contract in different ways and, like, give, like, different roles and not priorities. Priorities. Not the right word, but options for collectors. So, yeah, we have this. We're launching the clothing company, which is nineties as well. And we already have. I mean, this is kind of secret yet, but we might have one of the biggest store in Quebec and pretty much Canada as well to sell our brand, which is amazing. So, yeah, that's pretty much it. It's a very simple project, but it's something that we really take seriously and it's something that we really want to build to be something that will help skaters and artists that are skaters as well.
Speaker D: Well, because it's kind of the. I think of it as the tokenization of the culture of skating. So it's for the skaters by the skaters around their culture. So it's not about collecting nfts per se, as being part of this, because, as you said, skaters, it's a hard thing if you want to try and compete and you don't have any money to do all of this stuff. And there's only a few of you at the skate park or on the streets and you want to meet other people. It's a way of connecting them and then giving them a focal point. I think the idea of the fashion brand is genius because skatewear for a long time has been at the forefront of fashion. And even the nineties idea relates to people who grew up. It's like a very specific thing. Very clever.
Speaker E: Yeah. Thank you. I appreciate it. And it's something that we like building. And it's been so fun just seeing on discord, seeing kids being able to talk to actually good skaters. We have so many good skateboarders on our discord just sharing clips and just hanging out and talking with other people, having, like, even, like, there's so many people that, like, don't skate. But everyone picked up a skateboard when they were kids. Everyone watched skate videos when they were kids. Almost everyone. So it's so. Especially in the nineties, culture is so, like, part of everyone, you know? So that's why we were like.
Speaker D: It's also what I love about skating. It's skateboarding. It's. It's egalitarian. It's for everybody. You just need four wheels and a piece of wood. Essentially. It's the same as football, english football, soccer.
Speaker E: It's.
Speaker D: Anybody anywhere can do it. And the barrier to entry is low. So it gives kids something to do and really gives kids who live in inner cities something to do that's not involved in crime or other stuff. It gives them a sense of purpose.
Speaker E: Oh, yeah, no, that's for sure. Like, honestly, skateboarding got me out of trouble during my childhood. Like, that's for sure. Like, I. Yeah, I was literally spending 810 hours at the skate park, like every. Every day of the summer. Like, literally, if not more.
Speaker D: Look, it's amazing what you're doing. What's the next steps for you? You still continuing to produce art under fuck rendered?
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker D: And then building out Lucidia and building out nineties kids. If that's not enough. I mean, I'm doing about three or four businesses. It's exhausting.
Speaker E: But it's been pretty challenging. And honestly, I think the most challenging part was the whole market crash and a lot of pressure on me to deliver even more. Even more. Even more. And it was really burning. I think a lot of people. I think as a. When you start a project and everything, you have a lot of pressure of, like, you need to succeed like Yugalab did or stuff like this where it's not sustainable to think that every project can have this level of success.
Speaker D: And I'm sorry, but people don't have the right to demand that you manage the price.
Speaker E: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker D: It's not your job. Your job is to create great art projects that people want to be part of and the price goes up or down.
Speaker E: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker D: And, you know, I was speaking to, I'm sure, you know, Sergio Silver as well. I mean, he's launched his project, sees the meeps, and he suddenly realized how hard it is because there's a lot of people who just care about price.
Speaker E: It's crazy.
Speaker D: It can't be about price.
Speaker E: I think that's the main thing. Is like, there's so much I can do and like the reality is like there's project that has no vision or anything that will pump even harder than my own project. But I don't think it's fair for. I think, I think like platform, like Openseas and everything, it's fine, but I don't think like, like you won't buy butter at the garage, you know, like it doesn't make sense for like I don't like to see my art on Opensea per se. I think I prefer to see it on a marketplace that is dedicated for artists. I think the Opensea interface is more like, it looks like an eBay or like a, like a kijiji or something like this. It's more like you buy and sell when, when it's art. It's more like you buy and you appreciate it and you sell it if you want, but you should always buy art because you like the art. And so many times I was like, oh, I bought this and price went down. It was like, why did you buy it if you didn't like the art at first? Like, like. But yeah, but yeah. To come back to your question, I think the Lucidia and nineties kids is doing pretty well. We're having amazing team on both sides and they're, they're gonna, we're keeping like building this whole ecosystem, which is amazing, not stressed with this. And as for fuck render, which is my art carrier, I'm releasing something called a fuck token, which is not, which is ERC 721. So it's not really a token, but it's only going to be available by burning, which is interesting and gonna, it's gonna help me because in the last few years I was, I experimented a lot. So I released a bunch of collection and I had a hard time saying no to collaboration as well, which I should have said though, many times, but it's very hard when you have all these amazing friends that wants you to participate in their project and everything. So what I'm doing is my goal is to tone down the overall supply of every collection I've ever touched, pretty much, and bring back the focus to a core group of collectors. People that actually love my art and people that actually love what I'm doing as an artist. So this fuck token is going to be amazing artwork capped to x amount of supply, probably going to be quite low, only available by burning, which is interesting. And everything that I'm going to do in the future, you'll need this token to participate. So it's more like a participation token for everything I'll do in the future. And I've been doing more and more physical jewelries and physical art pieces and all of these will be available by owning that token.
Speaker C: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another.
Speaker D: Quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real.
Speaker B: Vision crypto daily briefing.
Speaker C: Think you know the Brooks Ghost? Think again. Introducing the all new, better than ever Ghost 16. Now with nitrogen infused cushioning for lightweight, supreme softness. That feels good. Every step, every street, every single day. So go ahead, take your daily joyride in the all new, nitrogen infused Ghost 16. It'll turn your everyday miles into everyday endorphins. Let's run there. Head to Brooks running to learn more.
Speaker D: I think the stuff you're doing in the physical world is really interesting because a lot of people start with the physical world and then try and go into this highly rendered, beautiful 3d world. You started the other way around. It's like, no, I started digital and then I can produce it into physical. I just love that fluidity between two different worlds as if they're the same thing.
Speaker E: I love doing physical art. It's. It's a new medium. And honestly, like, I feel like, like a lot of, like, pressure from, like, floor prices and stuff like this really killed my creativity. And over the last two years, even though, like, I talk about that on Twitter, but even though, if I had, like, the most success in the last two years, I probably felt the most depressed, like, literally. And. But it doesn't mean I wasn't grateful for everything that happened. Like, it just, like, I just felt like some. Some pressure and stuff like this.
Speaker D: You need control back. You know? Even if you just said, I will produce one piece every three months, fuck you, that's all I'm doing.
Speaker E: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker D: You then own it again.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker D: Because I think what you've done is you sold yourself a little too much.
Speaker E: Oh, yeah.
Speaker D: And then you. And you got caught away in it. Fine, that's okay. We all make mistakes. But coming back, I love this idea of this burning. So basically it's a membership of collectors and.
Speaker E: Yeah, exactly. Yeah. I think that's the main goal in life, is, like, you learn as you go. I'm far from being perfect and I've learned so much in the last two years. And even though if I was depressed, these were the most amazing years of my life, literally, like, it. I grew so much out of this. And it's amazing because now. Now I have full control of what I'm doing. And I think this token will be amazing because it's bring back, like, the attention of what I'm actually doing, and I'll be able to focus on more limited work, less frequent and more. More passion again, if that makes sense.
Speaker D: Yeah. And you might even be able to occasionally do commission work for one of your good collectors where you do something interesting. You explore new avenues. I think you will love doing it. Question I wanted to ask you because it was a conversation that was going on about a month ago. What do you think of the blur situation? I find this bizarre. I don't think this is good for the space.
Speaker E: Okay. I'll be honest with you. I didn't dive too much, but from my perspective, I think it's treating most of the project like shitcoins. And I don't really like it because there's a lot of, like, amazing projects that are getting in that mix, like Renga or cyber brokers, where amazing artists are behind it. And it's literally like. Like using artists as shit coins. And that really breaks my heart. And I think, like, opensea is not doing a favor trying to copy blur. I think open C should just be their own thing and.
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah. And also, I just think. I just have a very strong opinion about artists royalties that how dare you not pay somebody for their work? And one of the big unlocks of web three is that an artist in perpetuity can get rewards for art that they gifted to the world. Yeah, I mean, I kind of think, how fucking dare they say, well, we're just going to arbitrage the price away because we want the business. That's web two all over again.
Speaker E: Yeah, but what can we do? And, like, if we. If artists start to block marketplace now, artists are not web three enough, you know, so it's like, it's a. It's a cycle, but, yeah, it's really.
Speaker D: Difficult to solve, I do think. And I can see there's a bunch of people trying to do stuff, whether it's g money or whoever. There will be a better platform again, I think.
Speaker E: Lucidia.
Speaker D: Lucidia. Well, there you go. You know, that's. Yeah, it needs it. People deserve it, and they don't deserve what's just happened. And what's worse about the blur thing, it's just all about incentivization to get airdropped. A token.
Speaker E: How crazy, right?
Speaker D: That's such false incentives. But, you know, but this is. The point is we are in this very fast moving space.
Speaker E: Oh, yeah.
Speaker D: And everyone's experimenting, everybody's failing everybody's learning. Nobody knows where it's going. And that's kind of the fun of it as well.
Speaker E: Yeah, yeah. I remember, like, when I started like this, the fuck avatar collection, I was super hesitant to make it. I think we capped it at 14,000. And the narrative back in these days were like, the next few months, there's gonna be millions and millions of people coming. 15,000 won't be a lot of nfts. So I was like, oh, that makes sense. But now, like, with the market crash, I was like, yeah, that didn't make any sense, you know, but it's crazy because you don't know what's ahead of us. So you need to be very thoughtful and careful. And that's something I had to learn the hard way. But I think it was amazing.
Speaker D: I think the best answer is always be authentic. So, look, I don't know. Yeah, but I think we're going to try this. Let's see how it goes. People then. Can't misinterpret what you do because you've been at the forefront of experimentation and you should be allowed to experiment because if not, then what's the whole point?
Speaker E: Yeah, I mean, I'm an artist. That's literally what I do. Like, that's why I love nfts and all that stuff. Because, like, for me, like, smart contract is a totally new blank canvas. For me, like, working with smart people like manifold and having manifold on my side is amazing for me because I can like actually experiment and use a yemenite blockchain and smart contract to create these cool mechanics. So that's why I like experimenting so much, because it's literally a new canvas. It's a new canvas for artists.
Speaker D: And I'm kind of getting an impression that once video comes onto blockchain in a more usable manner, that's going to be a medium you're going to definitely move into because video feels like it's a medium that's yet to be fully explored by blockchain because the file sizes are big. Yeah, it's coming. And that's another going to be a very interesting thing is you know, how much of these whole experiences, these entire immersive experiences can be tokenized themselves.
Speaker E: Yeah. Imagine having an actual unreal engine project that can be explored and you can change a metadata in real time. That would be. Yeah, I. It's coming.
Speaker D: Fantastic. So what are you most excited about this year? One is obviously cleaning up the community, getting all the right people in it. So you get to be the artist that you are?
Speaker E: Yeah, exactly. I think what I'm most excited is like, very, like, make a line between what Lucidia nineties kids and fuck render is, because these are three amazing different projects, but a lot of people think they're the same. And this is totally my fault because communication is not my main skill. So I'm grateful to have a team now that helps me with this. But, yeah, I think being able to tone down my ecosystem and very curate my art more and put more thoughtful effort in quantities and sustainability over a long period of time, this is really what I'm interested in. And the attachment of NFTs and physical art piece is something that I'm very excited. I have about like five physical artwork that are coming to life in the next few months. One that is 10ft tall and some that are seven inch tall, which is. It's amazing. Yeah.
Speaker D: Listen, my friend, you keep experimenting, don't let anybody stop you. You've been a pioneer, stay a pioneer, and we're all grateful for you.
Speaker E: Thank you so much. I really appreciate that.
Speaker D: Yeah, no, and thank you for coming on real vision. I really appreciate it. And I look forward to catching up with you somewhere in the world again soon. We promised we'd do that. We just need to find a place. That was the one thing just to leave on a thought is there was something magical in Paris. And it was magical because there's artists, finance people, music people, fashion people, technologists, everybody, all together with one degree of separation from each other. It's like that doesn't happen often. That's a movement. And I know it's overused, but it's still early, because one degree of separation, that won't last long. The fact that you and I can reach out to anybody in the world we want to speak to in the space immediately, in five years time, it'll.
Speaker E: Be impossible, I don't think. Yeah, I don't think it's gonna be possible either. I think I was talking about that to a couple friends of mine. It's crazy how this space is so small and we need to enjoy every moment we have with our friends, because in few years, there's a lot of people that won't be as reachable that they are right now. So you need to be very grateful for what we have right now, because it's very small and it's amazing because in few years, there's going to be more chaos, there's going to be more fights, there's going to be more rivalties, there's going to be more groups, it's going to be bigger, for sure.
Speaker D: Yeah. And right now, most people at the center just want to help each other. And if we can just keep that ethos alive for as long as possible, we'll have the time of our lives. And the moment we lose that, which will happen, it'll all change.
Speaker E: Yeah, I think so, too.
Speaker D: All right, my friend, great to see you. I really appreciate it.
Speaker E: Yeah, thank you so much for having me.
Speaker D: Definitely fabulous conversation with Fred. You know, for me, it's really important that as part of ralsevention crypto and part of real vision, we pay homage to the artists. Because the artists have driven this. They've made it important for all of us. They've engaged millions of people in blockchain, and to be honest, artists are the people who really lead movements, whether it's music artists or artists, physical artists themselves. And I just think it's very important for us to understand their story, too, because without them, we wouldn't have any of this space. So I'm also really interested that he is seeing this nexus of. I overuse the word nexus, but I'm going to use it again. This nexus between physical and digital, those two worlds emerging. So that's one learning. The other learning is the metaverse, how it becomes the future digital representation of everything, how I think you can build brands from the ground up based around culture, which is what he's doing with nineties kids, is something I'm passionate about as well. I think that's super interesting. And then how he's thinking about the space itself, from having pfps to the crystals to his really high end art, and then how to get the right group of investors around to stop entirely financializing the space and to give the artists their control back. I think that's probably another mega trend that we can see in the future. So there's a lot of mega trends here. You just need to listen out carefully.
Speaker A: What's up, revolutionaries? Thanks for tuning in to the real vision daily briefing. For more content like this, head over to realvision.com and get unfiltered access to the very best, brightest, and biggest names in finance.
