Speaker A: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance. Join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten. That's podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Now to the top analysis of today's crypto markets.
Speaker B: It's web three Wednesdays on crypto daily briefing show. And thank you for spending some time with me on this learning journey. I'm Elaine Lee, your friendly crypto host and producer. And joining me today is Sami Aryan, founder and CEO of Impeak. Sami, welcome to the show. It was time.
Speaker C: Thank you. Thanks for having me. I'm excited to be here finally.
Speaker B: Look, guys, before we begin, we have a quick programming note that I wanted to mention for this show, we often get questions from our viewers about, well, which real vision membership is right for them. So Maggie and Raul hosted, if you take a look there, hosted an AMA on it today. So go and check it out and see, well, what kind of level of you are at in your financial journey. And remember, prices are going up, but if you are already a member, you can lock it in until tomorrow. Go to realvision.com level up. So, Sami, I have decided today is, well, women's crush Wednesdays on real vision.
Speaker C: Oh, amazing. I didn't know you had that. That's fantastic.
Speaker B: It is a thing now, Sami. So I think, first and foremost, really a heartfelt thank you from the real vision team for building out a platform where every Friday visionaries who are into the crypto culture can hang out on in peak. And what I also think is the most interactive part of real vision when it comes to exploring into the world of web three. Now, for those of you who don't know, every Friday at 230 Eastern, we have a show called Deejen Happy Hour. Sometimes it's a hot mess, sometimes it's chaotic, but sometimes it's educational, too. And also where we do some fun giveaways. Now, with your genesis or RV collective, NFT, you are able to log in via impeak and have access to our exclusive token gated community, a platform that Soumi is building out with her team. And shout out to the team as well. Impeak. A fantastic team. It's a place where our community has made real life friendships through the connection of real vision. Is that a fair analogy, Somi?
Speaker C: Yeah, that's right. And one of the things that makes it special is that you can also collaborate with other communities so you can invite other talking aided communities as well. And it's a really interactive experience. Your show is probably our favorite. Like, it's just so much fun.
Speaker B: It is a lot of fun, and thank you for helping us build it along the way. So, tommy, it's just you and I today. A little bit chill, a little bit hangout. I do want to sort of ask you, like, when was the first point where you actually started getting into the blockchain technology?
Speaker C: Probably around 20, 1516, when I started getting really curious about it. Unfortunately, I didn't buy anything or get into it from a financial point of view, because I was actually at a time in a relationship where my partner really hated everything blockchain. And we actually had a lot of disagreements about that, but I really understood the technology first. The main thing for me was actually, I was more interested as opposed to most people who get into blockchain because of the financial aspect. I was first attracted to the technology because when I started reading books about blockchain. And one of the things that I discovered very early on was that this is going to disrupt big tech. And that was the thing that was exciting to me because I was like, I had a bit of a chip on my shoulder. I actually told Raoul about that when he was on my podcast. I was like, when Mark Zuckerberg was building Facebook, I was trying to get out of a forced marriage in Iran. You know, I was like, back then, I was, like, in a completely different environment. I couldn't build. I was not in Silicon Valley. I was not a white man in the kind of networks that had the possibility to do that. So, for me, blockchain technology gave me a window into what would be possible and that maybe this could be a place where I could finally make a, you know, make an entrance into the tech world as an entrepreneur.
Speaker B: No, for sure. Everything is building from ground up. It is such an exciting place to be, especially in blockchain technology, especially, like you said, for women as well. And I really like the fact that you said disrupt by big tech. Here's the brand new opportunities that is building out on a decentralized system, and this is what's happening. So, Sami, you really are someone to me as a mover and shaker. The way you speak, the way you fell down a hole. You are a true DNA of a web three founder. So, okay, but how did the idea of in peak sort of come to fruition? I mean, tell me, where is it? Through a dinner party. And you saw, like, okay, YouTube shouldn't be owning every piece of content out there or, like, you know, Instagram for even, like, nft artists that, you know, realize that, oh, my God, all their art just lives on Instagram page. And if they get rid of it, they get rid of it because it lives on its servers and accelerate. So what was that point where you were like, okay, impeak is born. How did that idea come about?
Speaker C: So, you know, as a content creator and as a creator in general, I found that it was very, very hard for creators to break through any kind of algorithm. Right? Like, there are a lot of.
Speaker B: Sami was saying, can you take me back a little bit?
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure. So I really made my debut in terms of, like, content on LinkedIn, and I was creating content about digital marketing and, like, millennials, how technology is disrupting businesses. And I found it really hard. You know, before that, I had tried on Facebook and Instagram, which was even harder, because unless with Instagram, like, you know, you had to fit into this influencer, you know, kind of mold. And every day, you know, it's all about the pictures, the selfies, the, you know, all the things that, as, you know, it's like, if you're a woman, there was, like, a certain look that you had to fit into to maybe break through the algorithm. And there were so many of them, and you looked at every single one of these channels. They all looked pretty much the same, you know, like these profiles, to a point that you couldn't really tell the difference between these influences. So I wanted to build my profile, if you will, as a thought leader, as a business thought leader, not necessarily as that type of influencer. So I started building it on LinkedIn, and I was very lucky because I was at the right place at the right time. But what I found very difficult and challenging was that LinkedIn, just like any other platform, they kept changing their algorithm, and their priorities changed. And as their priorities changed, fewer people would see your posts unless you change with the algorithm. And this was a conversation that I had in depth with Tom Bilio as well. And he was like, he says, as a creator, I'm a slave to the YouTube algorithm, and I didn't want necessarily that kind of being slave to the algorithm. I was like, there must be a better way. There are a lot of amazing, amazing content creators that don't have maybe a million followers or hundreds of thousands of followers, but they're creating really thought provoking, provoking, really, really interesting content. It's just that they are not able to dedicate the time and the. The ability to necessarily build a massive following to break through the algorithm to be seen. So I wanted to build a platform that would enable creators of any sort of amount of followers to monetize their content to build a. Build a community. So when I came into web three, this concept of community really resonated with me, because I felt like there's a. There's a real difference between community and audience. On social media, you don't build a community, you build an audience. The first time I really felt the sense of community was in discord. I was like, oh, okay, so this is the difference between a community and an audience. And it reminded me of the early days of the Internet forums. I remember at the time, I used to be a bodybuilder, believe it or not, and I was in a bodybuilding forum. And the conversations that we had worked as well.
Speaker B: For those of you who don't know, Sami is a bodybuilder. She's an entrepreneur. But because we obviously have been using inteak, and I learned a little bit more about you, you also are a death metal singer.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, I was also. I was also a death metal singer and a fitness model, all sorts of things.
Speaker B: I love that. So, sorry, you were saying the difference between audience and community.
Speaker C: Yes. So that sense of community, I felt like there is a real. A real way of building community that is. That is not practiced on social media. And I feel like there is a real opportunity now for us to rethink what this social media, you know, what the future of social media can be. And to me, the future of social media is not really about, you know, threads. You know, it's not like, the way I see it is that social media as we know it may continue to function as the top of the funnel, but where community is built, and I hate that term funnel, but you know what I mean? Like, your first impression, and then it's where you build your audience, and then you build a community. And I wanted to build a platform that was designed for building a community in a decentralized way. But of course, as you know, Web three is. The proliferation of web three is being challenged because of its hyper financialization. So at the moment, I'm actually working on that business model in a way that it's not only focusing on Web three, but also focusing on all emerging spaces. Basically, what we are building is there's going to be two models. One is community as a service, where, let's say, for example, you are building an AI product and you want to build a community of people who are going to interact with your, with your content and with your product so we can help you build a community so that will be committed as a service. The other is that you use the platform to you to build your own community.
Speaker B: Hey everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back. Yeah, no, I think it's excellent how you notice the fact that, you know, an audience is very different from a community. And of course, a lot of sort of web two brands are struggling to actually know how to build the community. Right. And we'll go into a little bit more into this a little bit later. But you know, why don't you tell us like at the moment, who is using the platform, how many people are using it and, well, I think you've answered it a little bit, but go into, if you can, touch a deeper a little bit about how you notice about the different communities are using it and go through some of the key features on your platform in peak.
Speaker C: So right now, obviously as you guys real vision, you're using it for your dj and happy hours, but also for some of your other sessions that you're doing with other communities. And then impact theory has been using it, Zen Academy has been using it and we just onboarded Asprey Bogati Asprey Studio. I think the biggest challenge that many people are finding communities is that they don't have enough content. So it's really good for content driven communities. But most communities. So I think within web three, this is part of the reason why we are actually going to expand beyond web three. Because within web three, most communities don't have enough content. They are not really the only content that they're creating pretty much is Twitter spaces. I think in the next bull run, as new communities come into web three, there will be a real opportunity to onboard a lot of web three communities. But in the meantime, we are going to be focusing more on emerging spaces as a whole. For example, one of the people that we've just onboarded, she's part of the 100 women in finance and she's building a hedge fund for women. No, sorry, not a hedge fund for women. She's building a community of female fund managers and then she's going out and getting funds for them. So that's very interesting. That's a very interesting use.
Speaker B: So attracting really niche conversations and attracting the specific field, who knows that they probably have about ten to 20 followers, but really niche ideas and that they can grow within the community because basically it's very niche, it's very small in web three, but that's how they sort of stick together. And, you know, just talking about like in peak at the moment, obviously we use it for dj and happy hour. And what's fascinating to me is the fact that, you know, you are able to form a live show and when it's a live show, it does hit differently, you know, and you get to throw out polls in there, which makes it interactive. You get to like upload the videos, the links that you want your audience to go and visit as you are sort of presenting the show in real time. So this is like, I think just myself using it. Have noticed the small little niche touches that basically are so healthy for the tiny little community to expand from that. So there's plenty of growth potential. And just listening to you how not only covering web three but exponential tech and AI as well, I think that's a very way to approach this space and especially in a bear market and building in web three.
Speaker C: Yeah. And obviously there is the on demand section, there's the live sessions. There is the fact that we built this jump, but that sits in your discord. If you have a Discord channel, people can jump into the session directly from Discord. But also we're working on an AI feature that we'll be building into the platform where after a session, first of all, we are going to automate the uploading of the session. Unless you choose to opt out so that you don't have to do it manually, then you're going to be able to literally at the press of a button, be able to create. It will give you a few options. You can create clips from the session to directly post on social media. You can create a quiz and let people fill out the quiz and get a certificate. So it's all using OpenAI. So we've just tested literally yesterday the team showed me the initial version of what it's the MVP that we're building right now. So you can choose to create quizzes, you can choose to create proof of engagement so that, you know, if people say that, you know, they joined the session or watch the session, let's say for example, you're doing a giveaway so people can go in and watch the session and then they can answer a few questions and the question will be different for each person so they can't cheat and, you know, and then they can get a proof of experience, a proof of engagement. So it's kind of like a poap, but proof of engagement and then that will allow you to build a level of engagement with your audience and use your content in so many different ways. It will also allow you to create an article from it straight from there.
Speaker B: That sounds, you can just tell you are clearly a woman building on the tech stack when I hear about this, especially when you and I sort of test in peak out every other week, you know, Sammy, I need this. Sammy, I need that. And you're like, I'm on it. The devs are getting there and it's great just watching how you function over time. And I'm just reading some comments. Goofy Ginger. No, it's not women only, but it's for a public discord. That's goofy ginger. And then obviously someone also said, proof of engagement. Ooh, that's fun. So, and then, you know, like just this very moment here, obviously I'm on a platform now and I've still got another screen and I'm reading comments on YouTube. But if you were using like a platform, like in peak, it would just be all within the platform itself. So you really need to use it to feel it, is what I'm saying. So do join teacher and happy hour on a Friday where Sami does join. So Sami, as a web three founder, though there is a lot going on in the creators economy in web three, even though I know you said there's not enough of it, but, you know, so many people put out podcasts, so many people put out different type of videos. But, you know, for me, what's interesting is in the space of web three is like, you know, the, the data that you still hold to yourself. So basically, you know, I mean, I downloaded threads or whatever, but you can't post stuff from Twitter or when you're on Instagram. You can't really just copy and paste like a link from Google because they've built out a system to be like, you are in this ecosystem. That's the ecosystem that you're going to stay in. So it's fascinating to watch all that. So can you explain, like, you know, content creation of web two and how is it different to web three? And how do you monetize sort of web three content to monetize web three content creation efforts?
Speaker C: So I think the monetization of web three is a really big topic that isn't cracked yet. And, you know, we have seen, obviously, that you can sell nfts and tokens and things like that, but it's not a solved problem. We're still working on this. We are all still working on this together. It's a very new technology, one of the important things about web three content is that, for example, the way that we are building it is eventually the idea is, for example, if you have got followers on lens protocol, you will be able to also have them on in peak if you have them on forecaster. So we are going to be doing these integrations with unstoppable domains, with forecaster, with lens protocol, all the other kind of web three social media. But primarily we are not a social media and we are a content management and community building, slightly different. So I would say I compare what I'm building.
Speaker B: Yeah, I was just about to ask you, actually, if you had to pick another web two equivalent out there in the space right now, what would impeak be nearest to?
Speaker C: It's not. What we're building is so different. Like, you know, when I was showing to Tom Bilio, he was like, your approach is so fundamentally different. You know, at the moment when you look at it, what you see is that, oh, it's a platform that you can have live sessions and on demand content. But really the long term vision is, like I said, it's a place for community building, but with the difference that the communities, that there will be a newsfeed for the communities. So, you know, so like, think about it. If Discord had a newsfeed and you could go to that newsfeed and there was a curated newsfeed of all the communities that you're part of so that you didn't have to go from one thing to another. And this is something that I'd say, you know, maybe you could compare it to something like mighty networks or discord or, you know, guild, but with the difference that it's not siloed communities. Our goal is to bring communities together and help the discovery of content and products and services.
Speaker B: Something at real vision that is familiar with going by the name of the network effect.
Speaker C: Yes, exactly. Right. Yeah. So really there isn't anything like it. And the business model is so different from, it's not a social media, it's a new generation of, you could think of it, social networking and content management.
Speaker B: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real Vision crypto daily briefing.
Speaker D: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more with Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what with each vendor. Ramp software collects and verifies receipts instantly. To save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments. Time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get $250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy ramp.com easy ramp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank and celtic bank members have DiC. Terms and conditions apply.
Speaker B: I mean, Sammy, I hear you talking about new social comment. I mean, I was literally reading up on this lady called. I don't know if you seen that video. I think it's called a God. What's her name? She's left my.
Speaker C: Come on, Elaine.
Speaker B: Pinky doll. Oh, my God. If you guys don't know about Pinky Doll, you should give that a little Google now and we'll explain that later. The world is moving in all sorts of different directions of how we consume content. But God damn it, when you find the same people within the community that really want to pinpoint that conversation, that dialogue specifically and tailored to what you're in, interested in, that's the most magical thing, I think, in the next sort of era of content generation and consumption.
Speaker C: Okay, and then let me just quickly put this in to say that part of the reason for this is that the need for community and the need for that kind of identity discovery is going to be even more with aihdem ness. Something that.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, I was about to say, a lot of funding in web three has gone to AI. How do you see AI and blockchain go hand in hand? And by the way, Andrew Hurst said Sami's podcast with Tom Bilio was fab.
Speaker C: Oh, thank you. I'm glad that you enjoyed it. Yeah, you should definitely check out the podcast. I've got 816 Z coming on the pod as well. I'm really looking forward to talking to them about this concept of social media and all that stuff. So AI is actually. I think AI is going to make blockchain even more needed, because with blockchain, it can really help us figure out who is the real identity behind a certain content. It will really help us figure out the real people, humans as opposed to AI on all of these different platforms. So. But I think right now, you know, right now that the conversation is shifted to AI and you have to speak to people the language that they are. You know, it's about being in the moment, right? Just like I wrote a book about the future of work and AI in 2019 and nobody talked about AI back then. Wow. And everything that I said, the book is called career fear and how to beat it. And everything that I said in the book, which I was like, in the next five to 15 years, we are going to see all of this happen. With COVID It actually accelerated and you are now seeing it in one to three years rather than five to 15 years. And back then, nobody was talking about it. I was too early for that conversation. Then I shifted my focus to blockchain because everybody was talking about blockchain. I was like, okay, I need to be part of the conversation that's going on right now. But now the focus has shifted away from blockchain and I think that it will come back. I think blockchain, the technology is solid, there is something there, but I think it's going to take a while for it to come back. But also, the truth is that blockchain technology, the adoption is extremely hard. Until we iron out those issues, it's going to be very hard for people to get their head around this whole wallet business. And also it requires a fundamental shift in understanding the concept of digital ownership. So this is something that needs to be sorted.
Speaker B: Yeah. And I'm just reading in the comments now, of course, visionaries, being visionaries, always try to outsmart me, which they do, and they're always a 10 million mile ahead of. So for anyone watching this. Sorry. Which is what they're asking, too. Who wants to create a show on your platform? Where should they begin?
Speaker C: So we are, at the moment, the best way to do it is if you have an impeach Genesis pass, you will be able, once you log in with an impeach Genesis pass, you will be able to see the create a dashboard and you can start creating your channel. Other than that, we are from around mid August, we're going to introduce a new tier where people can go in and actually create a channel, have a one month free trial, and after that there will be a paid option in the shortest run. And the impeach Genesis pass is not very expensive right now, so you can pick up one from OpenSea. And as long as you log in with your Genesis pass, you'll be able to see the created dashboard.
Speaker B: Okay. And by the way, viewers put down your questions in the chat. We're asking the best ones on air. I've already tackled one. Remember, real vision members take priority. If you are not a member yet, go to realvision.com crypto to sign up. It's absolutely free. Picking up a few more of your comments. Samantha, who has joined actually usually on our platform, but definitely joined DJ Happy hour for a yoga session. Would you believe it or not, she was fantastic. She said. Love seeing women pioneering in the tech space. Well done Sami. And furthermore, if you are not a member yet, go to realvision.com crypto to sign up. Remember, it is absolutely free. It's where a new episode of Ral pals that ventures in crypto premieres every Friday. Okay, well, you know what, I'm picking up one question and my producers typing out live right now. What are your thoughts on world coin? I'm going to take some questions, some if that's okay with you.
Speaker C: That's interesting. Yeah, Walt coin, I actually had to comment about it on LinkedIn the other day. I think it remains to be seen. I'm happy to keep an open mind. I think that we need some kind of Ubi solution one way or the other. It does feel a bit dystopian. I do have my concerns about it, especially considering that I don't know, I don't know if I trust. Look, I want to get Sam Altman on my podcast, so I don't know if I fully trust him. The reason is that I think considering that he doesn't have a share in OpenAI, I just wonder what exact ideology is driving him. And yeah, I do have my concern.
Speaker B: You know, I read on so many of your bios and you are a tech philosopher and I can imagine so many people have to even chase up with you when you're saying of course it's not open AI. So already that is so much information for people to take in and you're already 7 miles ahead, you know. So moving on to another question. Tiffany on the RV website. Hi Tiffany. She wants to know the name of your book again. What is the name of your book again? And please after this go on to platform and copy and paste the link on the real vision underneath this video. What's the name of the book again? Somi?
Speaker C: It's called career fear and how to beat it.
Speaker B: Fantastic. Okay, let me see one more from YouTube. Goofy Ginger on YouTube excited to hear what everyone thinks about AI generated content. Many form being labeled as such. So many use it because of dyslexia and it has been marked as AI generated content. So as. Tarik, thoughts?
Speaker C: So are you asking my thoughts on generative content?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think so. Sorry, goofy Ginger, if I haven't translated your question, that was a little bit of a hard one, but yeah. What do you make of AI generated content?
Speaker C: I'm excited about generative content. I think it's got a lot of limitations. It's quite important to really still have human input. I have really noticed the limitations when I was trying to create these mini series on my Twitter. If people go and check out my Twitter where I interviewed, for example, Nietzsche, and I was like, you're Nietzsche, and I'm going to ask you some questions and answer. It basically has a limited understanding and it repeats itself. After a while. It feels like you're having content without substance. And I'm not saying fully, but like, you really need to interject and really need to think deeply about, you know, what it is that you want to get from that content. And I think, to be honest, in the future, the number one thing that is going to make us stand out is our authenticity as humans, as more and more, because more and more generative content is out there and it feels so perfect. So our imperfections are actually going to make us unique. So I would say that, you know, our human opinion and authenticity is going to be the number one thing.
Speaker B: Yeah, I really couldn't agree with you more there because even someone like Rao, who I admitted and said to him, like, Raoul, sometimes when you go into the world of financial jargon, I just don't understand you. And he leans over his six foot three self and go, little one, I need you to be exactly how you are and ask all the questions. So it's not just the person talking at you, it's to be intrigued and questioned as well. What a wonderful conversation. Soumi, any key takeaways or final thoughts for our people who are watching on the visionary platform?
Speaker C: I think the, I'd say key takeaways is really just contextual thinking is something that I talked a lot about in my book, and it's something that I think more and more. The more I think about it, the more important I feel it is for the era that we live in. Being able to really put yourself in different contexts of people's lives and thinking creatively about what kind of problems you can solve. Kind of like what I'm doing with impeak. One of the things that I find very hard to explain to people. It's just because as humans, we are limited. We're kind of thinking constantly. How can I put this into another category of something else that I've seen? And to be able to come out of that and say, let me think outside of the box and let me think of this problem from a completely different perspective. And yes, from an investment point of view or explaining to people, sometimes it can be difficult, but eventually, that's how you get to place where you go from zero to one. So I think AI is not going to help you get from zero to one. I think that's ultimately it's a what's up, revolutionaries? Thanks for tuning in. For more content like this, head over to realvision.com and get unfiltered access to.
Speaker B: The very best, brightest names and finance visionaries over here at real vision. So, Sami Arian, thank you so much for joining me on the show. Pleasure having you.
Speaker C: Thank you. Thanks for having me.
