Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling wherever you sell. With Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps, and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your dollar one per month trial period@shopify.com. tech all lowercase. That's Shopify.com tech.
Speaker B: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall. To get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance, visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year, join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. And now to today's episode of Ralph Real Vision.
Speaker C: The world of crypto is an incredibly exciting journey that we're all going on together. We don't know where it's leading to, but we know it's going to be absolutely massive. Join me, Raoul pal, as I guide you on our adventure to discover just what this new world will look like. Welcome to this very special edition of Adventures in crypto with me, Tariq Naslawihdeh, president of Science Magic Studios. We use emerging tech like blockchain and web three to deepen the connections between brands and people. And at this point, you'll be probably realizing that this is normally Raoul Powell's adventures in crypto. Raoul is a good friend and colleague and a co founder of SMS as well. And that's how we ended up deciding to do a takeover for this month to take you on a very special tour about the story about brands and web three, a topic which is often discussed as one of the major forces that can drive adoption for web three technology. But as many of us have seen, a lot of exciting developments, but it's also not a cakewalk to make that happen. So our job this month is to get under the hood of the why, the what and the how of why brands are investing in web three with the people who are actually driving it behind the scenes. And with that, it is a great pleasure to introduce our guest today, Adam Brockman. Adam is the co founder and co CEO of Forum three. Before that, was chief digital officer of Starbucks as well. So has seen the entire journey of digitization and loyalty at one of the globe's largest brands and no better person to talk to about a topic like this. So, Adam, welcome to the show.
Speaker B: Hey Tarek, thanks for having me. I'm excited to be here.
Speaker C: Absolutely if we're going to have as good a conversation as the ones that we've had before, I know that we're going to have a lot of fun today. So, look, why don't we just start at the top for people who aren't yet familiar with you or with forum three. Tell us about forum three and what you guys do.
Speaker B: Sure. So forum three was created by my friend Andy Sack and I a couple of years ago. We have a small team of people that we've added since then, but, you know, including Joe O'Rourke and a whole bunch of other folks that we've been working with. And we started the company really based on a conversation Andy and I had during the heart of the pandemic at the end of 2020. Andy and I have been friends for over 20 years, and we had a conversation about how, which I think you and I are going to have a great conversation about today, about how much things had changed for consumers and what that meant for digital transformation for brands. We were talking about that, and we were specifically talking about web three and metaverse and AI, and we were thinking, wow, like, we should, we should do something together. We both had day jobs, but so we essentially created forum three initially as a way to just put into action some of the conversations we were having about this new, essentially, era of digital transformation for brands. And so form three started as a friendship and started as a conversation and to really think about what is a new digital transformation for brands, what could it look like? And we decided to get our hands dirty and roll up our shirt sleeves. And there was a lot to learn. We started out in the web three space in particular, and created a play to earn guild and took on various projects, various brands, ultimately leading me back to my favorite brand, Starbucks, and doing a big project called Odyssey for them, which we can talk about. So forum three is really this company that thinks about this intersection between brands and these new technologies. And we've been, I guess you could call it like, we started out as consultants and now we're building our own platform.
Speaker C: We've been on quite parallel paths as well on that journey as well. And I have to say that one of the things that I find most grounding in the way that you guys have thought about this so far is the fact that when you and Andy started talking about a new era of digital transformation for brands, it's not like you didn't know what you were talking about, right? Like, by that point, you know, let's rewind from forum three like you were at Starbucks for a while. How did you end up there? What were you doing at Starbucks and what were you building there, which kind of led you to this place where you could have that kind of epiphany?
Speaker B: Well, at Starbucks, I was their first chief digital officer. I think I was one of the only chief digital officers in the world at the time. And I say that nothing, not to pat myself on the back more because I was almost, like, embarrassed because it wasn't really a real title when I first started, I came to Starbucks with this incredible opportunity to have a mandate to just help them build a digital strategy and build digital touchpoints with their customers in order to build the brand and build relationships. And what came from that, my tenure time at Starbucks was this incredible journey of building what Starbucks today calls their digital flywheel, which is really their mobile app and loyalty system and ordering system combined. And at Starbucks, we realized just how incredible this social mobile cloud era back then. 2000, 910 1112, kicked that off. We were able to take advantage of that convergence era of technology to transform Starbucks to really build this mobile app and loyalty program and ordering system and personalization engine. And that took years to build and has been this really important part of Starbucks business now. And we saw that I got, obviously, as chief digital officer, and my team and I had a front row view of that whole process, left Starbucks when Howard Schultz left for the second time. When he left for the second time in 2018, I left and went to J. Crew in New York and was the president and chief experience officer and eventually the co CEO of J. Crew there for a short stint, launched a loyalty program there. Was able to sort of take advantage and leverage on my experience at Starbucks, going from Seattle to New York and then came back to the West coast. And I. And that's the pandemic hit. And one of the things that our conversation, Andy and my conversation in 2020 centered on was how the consumer had changed. So over that 1012 year period, which is not that long, if you think about it, but in today's world, it's. Everything's exponential, as Raul would say. And it's true. It's like ten years now. Used to be like 50 years. And so the consumer had shifted quite a bit from 2009 to 2020, and not just because of the pandemic, but everyone had become hyper digitized. The trends we, Andy and I, were talking about were that the consumer had become much more demanding around the nature of the relationships they were going to have with brands. They felt they needed to have more of an emotional connection with their brand. They needed to be more participatory. You also had a younger consumer base, millennials and now Gen Z, that were coming into the market that had grown up as almost iPad digital natives. So they were thinking in terms of, like, Roblox and Pokemon go and gamification. So you had a. You had all of these consumer shifts happening, and we were talking about how at big brands, even Starbucks and J. Crew and the like, that a lot of what was digitally innovative and a lot of the digital relationships between the brands and consumers had become, yes, table stakes and very important, but it had become more transactional in its nature, had become less experiential, less emotional, less storytelling, less gamified. And so that was sort of the nature of the conversation we had and a little bit of my background leading into that. And we were like, well, let's do something about it. Let's create a company and start experimenting. And we both had day jobs. Andy was leading a venture fund, a blockchain based venture fund called Keen Capital. And he asked me, he said, why don't you get involved in Keen capital on the side, and we'll create forum three as almost a hobby, sideline business, and we'll start learning this stuff and figuring it out. And that's how forum three really got going.
Speaker C: So a quick question, actually. Why forum three? What's the significance of the word forum to you guys?
Speaker B: Yeah, so it's interesting. It's a double meaning behind the. The history of the name forum three. So, for starters, Andy and I met in a group called Young Entrepreneurs Organization. Many people have heard of Yeo or Ypo. It's sort of a peer to peer group for entrepreneurs. And we were together in the forum three chapter of the northwest Yeo group. So we met in a group entrepreneur, peer to peer group. Yeo in our chapter was forum three. So we always would talk about forum three in our friendship as sort of something that was historically significant to us. We also realized that community was such an important trend that we were seeing. We were seeing everywhere we looked, it was all about community, and it's an overused word. So we were like, you know, you think about these new converging technologies of AI, metaverse, and Webden three. And we just kept finding ourselves coming back to this concept of community. So we thought forum three was a great name for the company.
Speaker C: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker A: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this for the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what with each vendor. Ramp's software collects and verifies receipts instantly to save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments, time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use Ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get $250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy ramp.com easy ramp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank.
Speaker B: And celtic bank members have DIC. Terms and conditions apply.
Speaker C: Well, I mean, it's definitely got a ring to it. And it's actually really nice to hear the backstory about how you and Andy kicked this off. And obviously, you have a very long history. You could probably write a book about being co CEO, which is probably, you know, not a mean feat in itself, but there's probably something quite unique about the culture and the company that would be built by people, two people at the top of that. But obviously, a great way to start something like this is on a strong foundation of trust, really, which I guess is the bottom of everything.
Speaker B: Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Andy, by the way, Andy's a much more experienced investor than I am. And he would tell you he was a successful entrepreneur in his own right and then became a very successful venture capitalist. And he's invested in and counseled hundreds of companies, and he would be the first person to say, don't do co CEO to one of his portfolio companies. But because of our trust and relationship, we decided to give it a go that way. And I'm glad we have. And I'm sure if you asked our team, they'll tell you, depends on what day you ask them if they like the structure or not, but sort of a two headed beast at times. But it's been working well so far.
Speaker C: Well, it definitely appears so. And on that theme of trust, then, I'm guessing that the background then and the history that you had at Starbucks gave you a bit of that kind of fabric of trust to start experimenting. Like, tell us in the audience how the relationship came about. Did Starbucks come knock in for what do we do with Web three? Did you approach them? Was it a sort of a relationship type thing? How did that story come about?
Speaker B: Yeah, it's pretty cool story in the sense that Andy and I and Joe and our little team had already been working on web three and brands a little bit. We took on a project with Ben Mesrick, the author. We were advising Boston Globe, the media company all in the web three space, and we were doing some of our own web three projects. We were his blockchain on behalf of both his blockchain firm, keen, and also for form three. We were getting pretty involved in the NFT space and in the web three space, and my old boss, Howard Schultz, the founder and three time CEO of Starbucks, who I consider one of the greatest business leaders of all time, he and I were staying in touch and I didn't know it, but he was going to come back for his third stint as CEO of Starbucks. And at the time, right before he came back, he asked Andy and I, tell me more about this web three stuff you guys are doing. It was not something he was very familiar with, but he was, as usual, he was curious about it and was curious about, you know, there's a lot of talk about web three and I'm hearing it all over and educate me. So he pulled Andy and I into his office and asked us to talk about the stuff that excited us about Web three. Community, identity, interoperability, storytelling, the sort of inherent gamification that all came out of this technology that we thought was just really interesting, really empowering. And obviously it related to blockchain in general and sort of the self sovereign nature of truly owning digital assets and ethereum and bitcoin and sort of our feelings in general in the space. And we had a multi day session with him and he brought some of his team in. And again, he hadn't come back to Starbucks yet. And then after he had talked to us for a few days and it was just fun to talk to my old boss and tell him what Andy and I, the team, were up to. And then we were surprised when he called us not that long after and said, hey, you're going to find out later today that I'm making an announcement that I'm coming back as CEO, interim CEO at Starbucks, and would love to have you guys be part of the process of working with the Starbucks team on some innovative stuff along the lines you're talking about. Because in our conversations, and frankly, for the whole year leading up to even those conversations, I was tweeting stuff about how brands should be using this stuff. I mean, I was obviously involved in my own right, collecting and helping with projects, but I couldn't help myself but say, wouldn't it be cool if Starbucks did this and that with their loyalty program? Wouldn't it be cool if other brands would do things? You were doing some cool stuff with Adidas, and it's not like other brands weren't doing things. So it was kind of fun. I was commenting on what brands were doing, and I was focused on this sort of idea of how, in particular, you could use blockchain and digital assets and web three to create an entirely new paradigm around loyalty for brands. And it was all coming out of the same notion of Andy and my conversations around community gamification and storytelling and ownership, and how exciting web three was to potentially unlock some of that stuff that we felt brands needed to do. And we were just incredibly lucky that Howard and his new team, as they came on board for this interim CEO stint, they were like, would you work with the Starbucks team and help us think through what we could do in this space? Which was cool. So we got in and they signed us up, and we're still an advisor to them. And what came out of it was Odyssey. And we worked with the Starbucks loyalty team, which is one of my old teams, and they. I could give you more details, but one of the biggest things that I'll say that really catalyzed a lot of it was the fact that Starbucks already had a long history of not just building up a successful loyalty and mobile app system, but also had done some stuff of gamification and community in the past. And so there were some good. There were some good foundations to build on. So, for example, Starbucks had a game that it popped up every holiday season called Starbucks for life. And they would get a lot of their loyalty members to play this game where you would buy coffee with your app, and then you would get essentially little stickers that you could, if you could match enough stickers, you could get coffee for a month or coffee for life. And so I was saying to the Starbucks team, you know, hey, why aren't we creating an always on version of Starbucks for life that involves storytelling and involves where you're not just getting these stickers that go away, but they could actually be digital collectibles that could ladder up to some new experiences, that could be rewards and to give credit where credit's due. The Starbucks team was awesome, and they just latched on, and we felt like I was back in my old chief digital officer role. And we built, you know, we basically all collectively built Odyssey together.
Speaker C: Well, you know, there's a couple really interesting things that just thank you for unfolding that and, you know, bringing us behind the curtain of that journey. Because I think when you sort of do this, the pattern spotting across the different experiences people have had championing this with brands, you start to understand that, you know, what are the ingredients of the things that really thrive? And you had a couple here. The first is, let's not pretend that web three reinvented marketing completely. Like there was a world before that. Right? And you already had a company here which already had one of the most lauded and respected loyalty programs that was out there. Right? So the bar was already, you know, pretty high when it comes to the commitment to driving consumer engagement and lifetime value. So there's definitely one. And the second is you spent a little bit of time with the incoming CEO, you know, very precious time to plant those seeds to the degree where there was like, I see a match between what it is that we need to do in the company that I want to come in and lead. I've got people here that I trust and know from previous experience to do that. And this, the culture of this place is going to make room for us to take what we've done that step further. So there's very fertile territory there to work with. So, because I think one of the questions that you might expect, or maybe you've been asked this before, is if Starbucks had a lot of great things already going on, why the web three part? And you kind of started to answer that with the community, the gamification aspect and going beyond the transactional. So maybe it's a good time to actually, for anybody, especially who's not in the US and can't get access to the beta over here, although I do drink my fair share of Pike Place roast. Let's talk about Odyssey. Let's talk about the premise of it, what it is. You have some partners involved in that, but maybe we just start to talk about if you haven't come across the Odyssey program, what does it look like to people who haven't seen it so far?
Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely. Obviously, I want to disclaim what I'm saying that I'm not a Starbucks spokesman. Everything I'm going to tell you you can find on the open Internet, I'm just going to describe it to you. And that being said, I also want to give credit to the Starbucks loyalty team who has brought this to life. They've been amazing. So Odyssey. So Odyssey is a, you can think of it as a game, an always on game for Starbucks loyalty members. And you go to a web app, odyssey, dot Starbucks.com, and you log in using your regular, the same Starbucks login that you would use for your Starbucks app. You're right. It's only available right now to us loyalty members. And you log in and you're presented with a series of journeys that you can decide if you want to do them or not. Each journey has a bunch of activities in it, like maybe three or four activities. And the purpose of the game is to get as many points as you can by completing as many of these journeys as you can. Because if you get, the more points you get, the more you level up and the higher your level. A couple times a year, I think four times a year, if I'm right, something like that. They have these benefit selection periods, and you get to select a prize or a reward or an experience that you can't otherwise get if you're not playing the game. So it could be coffee for a month. It could be an exclusive coffee tumbler with your NFT, your unique NFT printed on it. It could be something philanthropic where you can, you know, instead of getting something yourself, you could donate meals to feed homeless or hungry people. You could. There's, you know, so there's physical merch items, there's free coffee. There's experiences that you can choose, and that's how you play the game. And when you go through these journeys that are made up of these activities to get your points, engaging in storytelling from the brand, about the brand. So you're taking a virtual tour of a coffee farm in Costa Rica. You're visiting multiple different Starbucks so that you can, like, complete a challenge where you're visiting at least three different Starbucks in a week. It might be trying different drinks. It might be. So sometimes you're buying Starbucks drinks, and it's part of the journey. Sometimes you're actually doing online activities. Like I said, sometimes you're just making a pledge to do, to do something for somebody else. We just did a collaboration on Odyssey with Aku, the web three project by Micah Johnson. And so one of the activities involved having to make a little arts and crafts thing around Ahku after you made a pledge to do to inspire someone else in your life. So sometimes they're just like kind of fun and intangible and little things that make you feel good. They often involve buying some Starbucks coffee. They definitely involve Starbucks storytelling and Starbucks values and mission. And you do all that and you level up and you can earn these great prizes if you get enough points. And there are a. What's happening if you're going through this, the web three part of it? What about this has to do with web three? Well, one of the rewards you're earning besides points and besides the things that you can earn from your points are these stamps. And these stamps are these digital asset collectibles that are on Polygon, the Polygon blockchain. And you essentially earn them along the way. If you complete a journey, you earn a free stamp. And if you've done certain things, you might get a stamp airdrop to you. And if you want to, you can buy a stamp. So they have some stamps for sale occasionally. And every stamp comes with points embedded in it. And every stamp is a collectible in its own right. And Starbucks partnered with Nifty Gateway, so there could be an embedded custodial wallet as well as an embedded marketplace. So if you want to sell your stamp or want to buy one, you don't have to complete a set or something's collectible or you just happen to see, like, oh, wow, the stamp's worth, you know, $40. I could sell it and buy $40 worth of Starbucks coffee now. Like, so there's, like, fun. It reminds me a lot of, like, when I used to collect baseball cards and stamps and sneakers and stuff. Like you, there's a collectible community going on with a built in marketplace, all built on top of a loyalty game that involves storytelling and exclusive prizes.
Speaker C: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners, and then we'll be right back. So, I mean, I'm really glad. So you did it in a fantastic order there. I know that you've, you know, this isn't the first time you've told the story, but I think it was, it was fascinating to hear you say, well, what about this part is web three? Because actually what you described there about the journeys and the, you're just like, yeah, it sounds kind of like a loyalty program, but there's something which is about the digital asset of the stamp itself, which transforms the emotion and the interactions which can happen in this program. What is it that you think is so transformative about introducing the digital asset of the stamp which changes the emotional connection here?
Speaker B: Yeah, I love talking to you about the stuff, Tarek, because you're right. That's a great question. So I left out something important, which is community. And that community comes from this, I think comes from this feeling that you're part of a process, part of a game, part of a hobby that other people are also part of and find fun and interesting, and they want to talk about it. So if you think about a lot of what happens with web three when go all the way back, I'm going to answer your question by going all the way back to when Andy and I first got started in the space, before we got hyped up, we started buying nfts and being a part of these little NFT communities. And before all the hype and all the other crap took over, it was just pure fun. It wasn't about speculation. It was just about like, oh, this is cool. Again, it reminded me of collecting baseball cards or. Or collecting stamps or collecting sneakers. It was about just the fun of it. And, yeah, but part of the fun of collecting and being a part of a community of other people that happened to care about collecting, the same thing I was collecting was that I owned the thing I was collecting. In fact, I don't think it's called collecting if you don't own it. I don't even know if that term applies if you don't possess and own the thing. But how do you possess and own something that's digital? It's hard. It's hard to get your head around it. It's hard technically. And that was the fun part of the blockchain. Like blockchain, I'm not saying blockchain is the only way you can own something and possess it digitally. Maybe there's some other way you can do it, but it's the easiest way that I know of. And there was a lot of other people using blockchain to do that. So it worked in terms of collecting digital assets. You go all the way back now to Odyssey. If you're playing this Starbucks loyalty game, and it involves a form of digital collectibles that also you can earn along with your points, along with your cool prizes and rewards. Well, that felt like a community that felt like an extra layer of fun that comes with that sense of ownership, of collecting and sort of discovering, I wonder if I'm going to get this, wonder who else has that one. I wonder what else I can get. And I want to see what you have. I want to show you what I have. And so Starbucks actually created a discord for Odyssey and essentially created a real community around this. And if you ask Starbucks today, I think they would say that one of the best things that's come out of this whole thing besides a relationship driving, business driving fun game layer on top of their loyalty program is that because it involves digital collectibles, and now, because of that, involves community that wants to talk about it and is sharing their experiences and connecting with one another on the discord. Like, they've created community, too. So they've got community, they've got storytelling, they've got digital collectibles. They've created a game layer. They've tied it all into their base program, which allows them to basically accomplish business goals and get consumer insights in the whole process. So it's created this ecosystem, but if you don't have a digital collectible part of it, it's harder, I think, to create community, because that's that thing that turns it into that passion project, not just a loyalty project.
Speaker C: There's definitely something intrinsically human about the sense of belonging and identity that comes along with ownership, and it's very difficult to decouple those, and it's very difficult to fake that in any other way. And I think one of the interesting things that in previous conversations that we've talked about, because you mentioned Nifty Gateway and custodial wallet, which I'd love to come back to the wallet topic as well, but the marketplace is quite an important part of that as well, isn't it? Because if I have a certain number of things, firstly, there's a very practical thing. If I don't have all the ones I want to complete a collection and complete a quest, I might have missed the window. I might need to go find somebody who doesn't want it to go get it. But you've talked a little bit about the importance of being able to put a financial value on something in order to create the actual human realization that I actually own this thing. Like, how could I sell or trade something that I don't own?
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker C: But from the outside, it also looks a bit like, well, marketplace is kind of financialized behavior. So talk a little bit about, you said it wasn't about the speculation. It's not about the financialized behavior and collecting and flipping and hyping and pumping. It's really more about the community and the ownership side. So talk about the role of the marketplace in this and why that was such an important decision.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's right. Because Starbucks has done a really nice job on Odyssey of making it so that the value you get from owning these stamps, either you got them for free because you completed a journey, or if you bought one, you got a bunch of points that are going to give you essentially, like, equal value on your prize, or whatever they call it, the benefit selection criteria. They've done a nice job of being like, look, if you play this game and have fun, it doesn't matter what these stamps are worth. They've done a nice job of building a program that does not require or rely in any way on sort of speculation. However, to your question, I'm going to embarrass myself a little bit, but when I used to collect coins and baseball cards and stamps when I was a kid, I would go, this is. I'm dating myself, definitely pre Internet. I would go down to the little shop next to my house and a little commercial area next to my house, and that's where I would look in the window and see what else was there and how much things were worth, and I would look at my little book of my cards and my stamps and my coins, and I would just want to be intrigued to know, like, something was worth something, like it was making that. You said it was making that emotional and intellectual connection both to the fact that these things that I own and were collecting were really mine and they might have had some value. And I never really sold. I traded some and sold some, but I mostly bought from that little shop and sort of did research. And so the purpose of the marketplace, in my opinion, and why it was so important to build it into the Odyssey experience was so that you could. So that you could have that first for a lot of, a lot of non web, three natives that were going to play this game and are playing this game, they could go, oh, you're kidding. Like, this little stamp I got that I think is fun and cool. Maybe they thought of it as a badge from Foursquare back in the day, is how they related to it. But they're like, no, wait. I actually see there's this built in marketplace, and I see it's worth $20 or something, just making that connection. It's almost like when I used to go down to the little shop down the street from me, and I could see my rookie baseball card was worth $3, and I bought it for $0.50 with a bubblegum pack. And I was like, oh, that's cool. Like, it just made the connection in my head and made me feel like the thing I was that I really owned something. So I think it was an important part for. And we talked about, we can talk about wallets, too. I think it was an important part to sort of show off the fun of collecting a digital collectible or digital asset was that there was a little built in little shop there that you could sort of sell or buy or check, and as long as you didn't need the price to go up or didn't care about it, then, like I used to do when I was a kid. And that's great. And that kind of completed the circle of like, great, I've got this thing. I've earned it. Now, in most of web three and blockchain, as you know, you mostly have to be a little bit technically proficient. You have to know how to use a wallet of. And the average person can get spooked off by having to learn what a crypto wallet even is or have to learn anything about blockchain. So with Odyssey, it was important to sort of do everything I just said, but make it as simple and easy to use as buying something on Amazon or buying something at the store down the street. We were like, how do you do that? Well, that's where Nifty Gateway came in, because Nifty had been a leader forever for years in the space, making it really easy for people to just use a credit card to buy an NFT. And they would hold the NFT in a wallet for you with your account. So you never had to learn anything about crypto wallets or anything about cryptocurrencies. But what was great about Nifty is that they were this great. You could almost call them like, web 2.5. They were this great company for understanding and believing in the web three ethos, and then blockchain, and then the power of, like, self sovereignty and interoperability and all the benefits that come from cryptocurrencies and blockchain in general, but without forcing that on you in order to be able to have the fun and joy of collecting a digital piece of art or a collectible. So what they did is they allow, they would hold it for you in this thing called the custodial wallet and let you use your credit card, but if you wanted to, you could transfer it out into your own crypto wallethood and vice versa. So they were this really neat, almost gateway, hence the name, I guess, to like, web three for normal people like myself when I got into the space. And so we thought they'd be a great partner to come in and allow for the sort of the wallet functionality and the marketplace functionality that was necessary for Odyssey. It made sense to bring them in and have them sort of, you know, build a kind of a white label version of their product right into the Odyssey app.
Speaker C: I mean, I think. I think it's really interesting what you say, I mean, obviously, any of the other practitioners out there, if you're watching this and you've come across this challenge of, you know, what comes first, the chicken or the egg? Because if you really want to own something, then any web three or blockchain purist will tell you it's got to be in your wallethood. If it's in somebody else's wallet, like, technically nifty gateway has an asset for you in a wallet they hold for you. Technically, it's not yours, but for 99% of people, that's just one step, which is the head scratcher compared to the experience that you can get out of it. And there's always the possibility, like you say, to transfer out. And it's not usually that easy to do that. I think one question that I have is, have you seen people do that? What does it tell you about the behaviors of the people who actually are part of the program now? Right? Because you've got one big thing most brands have been kind of grappling with, especially anybody who stepped in in 2021 and 2022, is a lot of the things that were done in a very web three native way have addressed an audience of web three natives. And on the other side over here, there's like a bajillion consumers who are still kind of sitting on the sidelines. And you're now doing a lot to kind of entertain and engage this subset, some of whom really do kind of give a deep shit about your brand and some of whom never did but were kind of more in it for the financial opportunity. So if you address them in the way they know how, which is kind of a little bit more purist, do you really address the people that you're trying to address? And it's clear that Starbucks made the trade off here to say, we got to make it easy. But I wonder if there have been people who have been like, oh, a little bit like the Reddit story, right, who kind of actually just was messing with a snoo and then realized, oh, my God, I've got an NFT. And now I could, you know, this is something I can push into another wallet and maybe sell on another marketplace. What have you observed?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, it's, this is, and anybody can go on to, like, Opensea and see this or, you know, this is all public information, which is like, there have been a fair number of people that have moved their Odyssey stamps onto their own wallet. But what I don't know, and it's interesting, is like, you know, how many of them and I also have to be careful what I say because I can't say stuff that's going on that's confidential, that, you know, insights Starbucks has learned that I might be privy to. But what I can tell you is that, of course, there's been lots of instances of people that were not knowledgeable or involved in web three at all that did go, oh, this is interesting. This is a great way for me to learn more and be curious and experiment with some of the stuff. So there's been some of that. There's also been a lot of web three natives that are in the program that, of course have done that. And then, you know, a lot of people that don't. So it's, it was sort of a, we hoped it would be sort of a Goldilocks approach or a compromise or whatever you want to call it. And it's gone well so far. So we're really, you know, we're really pleased. And you can see, you know, it continues to grow and they're still in beta, but they, the program continues to grow. And, you know, it seems, I think everybody seems to be pretty pleased with it.
Speaker C: And look, just do the disclaimer anytime you need to because we're used to that. Right? Yeah, but one of the things that certainly while I was at, back at Adidas and one of the things that we talk to brands and IP holders a lot about as one of the reasons why the digital asset here, we talked about a few things. Firstly, the sentiment of ownership, which just brings together a different degree of togetherness and community, which you can now co create with and start to generate some value with. But there's another big aspect of the digital asset side of things and doing things on a blockchain, which is this is on open rails. So if you've got digital assets coming from a brand's ecosystem and a partner of that brand, whether it's another brand or an athlete or a sponsor or whatever it might be, wants to address or create a benefit for those people, you now have this thing which is portable using these open blockchain rails, and say, okay, you got a key from Adidas, you now get a preferential access to Beyonce's concert tickets through Ticketmaster or whatever you're seeing that happen with these token gated experiences like on Spotify, Shopify now has that ingrained and stuff. And so the brand partnerships aspect seems to be one of the most powerful sides of the story, although maybe still a little early for people to kind of super get their heads around, but to be able to really do that, you got to take the asset with you at some point. You have to be able to take your key and then put it in another door which may not be inside the same custodial ecosystem created by a nifty gateway. For example, if there is an intention down the line that the most loyal Starbucks consumers may also have benefits outside, what do you think that setup potentially means for that? Is that an obstacle? Is it even something which is under consideration? Is it just we cross that bridge when we get there? What are your thoughts on that?
Speaker B: That's a great question. Well, first of all, the question isn't whether you can still do it with the custodial solution, because you can. It's just you're doing it in a web two way. So what you can do, for example, is now you basically have, I'm going to nerd out here technically just to answer your question. So you've got, if I own an asset, but it's being held for me in a custodial wallet, a digital asset in a custodial wallet. The custodial wallet company, in this case nifty or combination of nifty and Starbucks, it's associated with an account. By definition, in order to pull off a custodial digital asset solution, you have like your asset is associated with an account versus an individual wallet, right, because it's in an omnibus or in a broader wallet. So then it's not hard to say, okay, anyone that anyone that owns, they still know who owns the asset, they can still asset gate or token gate interoperability, but it requires a web two solution to do it. You got to basically use an API of some sort or some way to know like, okay, does Adam own this asset? Okay, I can go look and find out. Im just not looking in Adams Wallet, Im looking in this sort of like general wallet associated with an account. So you can still do it. The beauty to your point of true real, like blockchain based web three based self sovereign ownership of a digital asset is that you can more easily do interoperability and token gating and things like that. You dont need an API, you dont need a dev team to do it. It is built into the ecosystem itself or the platform itself. So you can still do it. You can still do it. It's very much in the consideration set. And one of the interoperability, the ability to say, okay, everyone who's got, I mean, one of the cool things about web three, it's almost a gamified part of web three, which is that like, because unlike when I used to collect baseball cards, there was no way for that shop on the corner or the major league Baseball or anybody to know exactly who owned their cards and be able to like, do fun things with that. Not just token gate, but just to airdrop me stuff, right. To basically say hey, and to basically create like, rules and have fun with it and say, well, if you have, you know, if you have these three players in your cards, I'm going to give you a fourth one for free. Well, back in my childhood, that required a me going down to the store and someone with like a notepad, you know, checking if I had certain things. But you can do that all so easily on the blockchain and it's all open and it's all transparent and it's all. Doesn't require development resources. So I think that's one of the cool things about web three, the problem. And maybe I'm just bringing up something you're going to bring up in a second. The problem, though, is that it's still really hard for the average person to get their head around digital asset ownership. But more importantly than that, to like, think about what it means to self custody stuff now. It's. By the way, I think there's a magic to self custody. I love doing it. I think I encourage people to not be afraid of it. And there is a truth to not your keys, not your crypto, like saying. However, there's a reason why a lot, a lot of people use coinbase to buy bitcoin or ethereum, right, as opposed to using a wallet. I think those people believe they own it, but they're right, they're not self sovereignty, owning it. And there is a real reason that you should really think hard about the benefits of self sovereignty. But what it comes with is like a really complicated user experience. Still, in my opinion, we have not, as an industry or as a sector, cracked the code on that. So that's why there's trade offs here. And I think when brands are thinking about the space, they got to think about, why am I doing this? I want to create a better relationship with my customers. I want to create storytelling and community and gamification. And web three can be really helpful in those ways. But it doesn't matter if nobody can use it or the average person can use it. So that's the challenge, I think, that everybody's still working their way through, and.
Speaker C: Now you see a lot of experiences where it's, you can connect with your wallet or you log in, create an account and log in and we'll do it the other way for you so that you get to kind of pick your own adventure. With respect to custody, which I think is certainly in some of the experiences that I've been taking a look at more recently, is reducing that barrier and getting a lot more people involved, which is not a bad segue because now we talk about Starbucks in Starbucks Odyssey. Being in beta. It's definitely one of the most mature programs out there by now. Like you said, things are getting exponential and a year is a really long time in this space. Let's maybe have a start thinking about what might lie ahead here. You gave us a bit of a picture of all the different journeys, the different ways this can be gamified, the different combinations of journeys which might unlock a next thing. It's like you're almost constantly evolving. This always on game that you were talking about in the very beginning, which is quite a different skillset to running a basic loyalty program or making and selling coffee. There's now quite an operation to keep that level of engagement going. It's almost. Starbucks, in a way, is becoming an entertainment business in this narrow aspect. How do you think about the scaling of this with respect to Starbucks? I don't know how many millions of members there are in the rewards program, but it must be millions to get from this data to those. Do you ever expect that it'll be the majority of Starbucks customers that would be engaging with something like that? And if not, what's an interesting scale and how does the operation behind it, how big does this need to be for it to become something which just lives on forever and becomes the new normal?
Speaker B: It's a great question and I think kudos to Starbucks. I think they're willing, they've always been willing to experiment and learn. When we built a mobile app, we had no idea. We built a loyalty program and a mobile app that now accounts for, I think it's approximately 60% of their business goes across loyalty in the US. It's something like, it's over 30 million active loyalty members in the US. So it's now, when we built it, I remember when it was like, oh my God, it's 1% of transactions. Like, we were like high fiving about 1%. So, you know, and there was no way, like, it was all about like, delighting the customer, giving them, you know, having a. Having a building a better relationship with the customers, or thinking about like, how can you engage with the customer in a way that they're going to get something out of it, it's going to make them feel closer to you and you get to basically tell stories and have a relationship with the customer that you wouldn't be able to through some kind of transaction, you know, more typical transactional nature. So at the time, we were doing, we were innovating on things like mobile payment points based loyalty program, mobile ordering. We were doing all that. But that was in it. That was like, that felt magical compared to, I walk into a card and I swipe a plastic credit card and I don't get any points and I have to wait in line. And so to go back to your question, then we evolved to mobile ordering and mobile payment and a digital loyalty program, earn and burn loyalty program that became the majority of Starbucks customer transactions. How do you go the next level? And so Odyssey is an example. Maybe it is the answer forever, but it's an example of building upon that. So think about it. Loyal Odyssey is built on the Starbucks loyalty login credentials, right? They didn't have to do anything new to incorporate purchases and gamifying purchases and storytelling around purchases into their experience, because you already have the login. It could know where you bought something and what you bought. And so that was not just beneficial to Starbucks, it was beneficial to the customer. So, for example, Starbucks Odyssey, the latest journey they just released just now, it's called going places. Okay? So the first activity in the going places journey is called the Community challenge. And basically what it says is like, you need to visit three different Starbucks stores, okay? Just three different ones in the time period. And then what it does is it's like plotting where everyone in the entire Odyssey community of participants is going. And if you get to 8000 different stores in the US visited in a certain amount of time, there'll be an extra bonus unlocked on top of the journey stamp you're going to get. And so, and it's being tracked live in the app. Like, I think they're up to 6772 out of 8000. And the journey's only been live for a few days now. So it's fun. And everybody in the discord on the community side is, is saying, oh, this is amazing. Right? Like, we're close to the goal. And it's like this community activity that involves buying Starbucks at different places. It's fun. There's another part of that same journey that's called an in store expedition. You're going to go on a virtual treasure hunt at a Starbucks store near you. You grab your phone, there's going to be a VR. I haven't done that part yet. I think it's going to be like a VR access or something like so, or maybe an AR. Excuse me, access to the experience. So now you've got, like, augmented reality complementing, like, a whole community of all these people trying to unlock a special prize by going to as many Starbucks as they can. And it's all being tracked live. I mean, all of that's happening on a loyalty program. And guess what? People are buying coffee and enjoying their coffee and getting their normal Starbucks stars for doing it the whole time. Where can it go? It just can go anywhere, right? You can create games. You can create community. You can create storytelling. It's all built. It's building on the system itself. And in the meantime, you're earning these digital collectibles and you're having community. I think, to answer your question about how big does it need to be, I don't think it needs to be everybody in loyalty for this to be a success. There's going to be business success. There's going to be consumer insights that are going to happen no matter how many people participate in it. But Starbucks, like I mentioned, they have this history of doing games and things for their loyalty members, and they don't get everybody to participate, but they get a lot. They get a lot of people to participate. So I don't think it. I think if I was trying to make this turn this into sort of a lesson, so to speak, for other businesses, I would say, like, be willing to experiment, be willing to build on what you've done. Not everything has to move the needle on day one for you to learn, because eventually one of those things is going to turn into something that's really going to move the needle for you.
Speaker C: And that's a huge corporate innovation lesson for anybody, because we're talking about web three, but we could have been talking about social media back in the early two thousands. That's right. Or we could have been talking about, actually the websites and e commerce a little bit before that, and the same thing would apply. The same thing applies. I think there's something very interesting about what you said about this latest challenge, which is once you've got more than one channel and these digital assets involved, there are ways to almost create a game which is a little bit like, well, who are we? Where are we? This community of people who rally around this thing. Oh, man, we've only got 1428. Mental arithmetic. Can't resist it. Whatever it is. Stores have to go. Where are they? All right. And now we've got people like, you know, pimping out the story in, like, you know, Virginia, whatever, you know.
Speaker B: So, Tarek, that's. Sorry to interrupt. That's happening on the discord.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: People are comparing notes to be like, where? And they're creating Google sheets on their own and trying to figure out those 1200 that haven't happened and. And they're sleuthing it out. Hey, do you know someone near there, like, tell them to go and, you.
Speaker C: Know, join the program and get them on the beta? Yeah, yeah, exactly. No, I think. I think that's. I think that's fantastic. And, you know, when I asked the question about how big does it need to be, I'll confess it's a little loaded. And the reason is, I've seen this a few different stages of my career, certainly at Adidas, which is when there is very high engagement, high co creation, a high touch, experiences that you create for people. There's always a temptation when you look at the businesses. What we're trying to achieve is a global organization, that something should move the needle. But actually, there's a wisdom in sort of taking a bit more of that kind of Pareto view of things, which is there's a certain fraction of your audience here who are going to disproportionately advocate for your brand and not just advocate for them. Actually, the headroom on the lifetime value of that audience is probably a lot higher than trying to get somebody down at the fringe to spend more with you or to advocate for you. So, like, actually focusing on how does this top five to 15%, let's say? I'd love to hear other practitioners about sort of where they kind of see that ballpark. It might be one to five or five to 15, depending on your industry.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker C: But those are the ones where lifetime value. There's real kind of value to be created and that headroom between the available cultural capital and emotional capital that people are ready to invest with you.
Speaker B: I didn't get that.
Speaker C: Could you. Sorry, Siri. Siri's telling me I'm taking too long to explain this, but she doesn't get it. Which is a bad sign. This is a bad sign. Like, I think. I think there's a wisdom in saying, don't worry about how big it is at the beginning. But there's one thing which I think differentiates what you've done with Starbucks relative to most of the other brands that have entered into the space, which is the build on top of the existing loyalty program. Right. Like, when you see brands entering into the space and sort of doing, you know, a drop or a collection or an avatar, a PFP thing or whatever outside of their core loyalty base. Now you've got an audience over here.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: And you've got your main audience over here.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: And the next question is, well, what's the overlap and how do I scale this thing?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Because now I need to try and figure out, you know, so you see what Adidas did. Like, Adidas basically said, you know what? Like, there are specific products for these, for this special group of members here.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Bring your token to the confirmed app. You get special access to only buy this product and it's a way of almost signposting, you know, what if there are different ways of engaging with a brand that earn you different tokens? There are special, you know, basically products that you can buy or experiences that you can access by having this thing. And then you're like, oh, well, you know what? That's kind of what our overall membership program is meant to be about anyway. Like, why don't we take that learning and build it into the core mechanics of how it works? But you did that from the outset and I think that means you get to find out without having to smash that many eggs. Right. You just get to sort of keep exploring and see what the penetration of this program could possibly become.
Speaker B: I think that's right. I mean, it's sort of to maybe even segue into some of the stuff that forum three is doing next. We've really been building on those lessons. So, first of all, I'll say when you were just talking about the importance of these sort of superfans or these core customers and the importance of also not innovating so far outside the core of your platform and outside the core of the superfans that you lose the opportunity to, I think, learn the most valuable lesson. So I think about sneakerheads and I think about Adidas and Nike and, like, I don't know the story like you do. I haven't been in that industry. I'm a newbie collector. But I, I can only imagine that that was probably happening in an authentic way from a core group of customers that probably were the best customers of those brands. And then it became so important to Adidas and Nike's culture and business now, but there was a time where it was probably just some super, really passionate collectors that were doing things. The company sort of looked at that and learned and sort of were willing to experiment, bring that out. And I don't know that industry like you do, but I could only imagine. And what I'll say one of the biggest lessons that we learned at Forum three by doing everything we've done is I keep coming back to these same words, you know, community, gamification, storytelling, empowerment, participation, emotional over transactional. These are all the themes that we keep coming back to. And when AI came on the scene big time. I'm talking about generative AI, these large language models. Chat GPT. When Odyssey got launched by Starbucks in December of last year, it was basically the same day, almost to the day. It was like a week away from when chat GPT went public and went live. And we were like, wow, this is really interesting because particularly with some of these tools like mid journey and dolly and stable diffusion, these generative AI tools that allow people to create art or create images or create videos or create chat GPT, or some of these other large language models, they can create, I'll call it business plans, they can create songs and books until we're like, wow, this is like this incredible democratizing code. Yeah, code. Like, code's a big part of it. They can create games. So think about Odyssey. There's. I'm describing it. I'm describing a product that has all these different facets to it. A big part of what's happening in Odyssey is like little mini journeys and experiences that are all code based or digital. And so with the rise of generative AI for being, frankly, this incredible transformational and democratizing creation tool, we're like, we at form three were like, whoa. Because right away, just like we did with web three and metaverse, we were like, this is really interesting. We have been talking about AI, but until chat PBT came along, it wasn't as democratizing as we saw. We were like, well, you just type in some words and incredible stuff comes out. And so we started thinking about, well, could you use AI as a brand to create community co creation experiences, which we think are kind of almost obvious in a way. If you're thinking about things the way Tarek, that you and I do, you're like, oh, well, geez, all of a sudden, your consumer can create code, your consumer can create art, your consumer can create, like, all these things they couldn't have created before. And if they're a brand fan, what does that mean? We don't know. We want to explore that. So we've at form three, we've created this thing called Hive three that's going to launch this fall, and it's essentially going to be, on the face of it, it's an AI competitive league for AI creators to compete against brief. So we'll say either a real brand or we'll do a mock brand brief and say, okay, community of creators, almost like an esport and say, all right, you're going to create. The contest is to see who can create the best whatever this week. And then we have judges and we have prizes. And the idea is to build a community of these AI creators in this league setting, but very much involve brands in it in terms of both the contests themselves, but also some of the services that we would be able to provide to brands on the back of such a cool platform and community.
Speaker C: I mean, I love the idea. And by the way, it's a great segue because you talked about the same themes of community, gamification, participation. And we started this whole conversation talking about web three as one of the emerging technologies to do that, and this convergence of web three, metaverse and AI, and kind of just seeing that blockchain rails are kind of some rails here, but these adjacent technologies only actually amplify the core North Star, which is about that deeper connection between people and brands ultimately. And so question for you is, firstly, I saw the announcement, very much looking forward to maybe even competing on one of these briefs just to see if I have my AI chops look on this stuff. So do you also see then, is there a dot joining? Like, if you sort of think about the things that you've learned through Starbucks, and I do want to ask you a question about if you could go back and advise yourself. So we'll come back to that. But we're on this narrative arc right now. Is there actually a web three or blockchain element that kind of underpins what you're thinking about with respect to hive three having a digital carrier for the creations, for example, which I know that there's all sorts of territories around intellectual property and all that kind of jazz when it comes to that kind of thing. But is there a connection there beyond the high level gamification and participation in community piece, where blockchain supports what Hive three is?
Speaker B: Yeah, we believe there will be. I mean, we thought you could imagine. We had long, many long conversations about, do we launch Hive three? And by the way, for anyone listening, you can go to hive the number three AI to learn more. But hive three AI, we had a lot of long conversations about, do we want to have some of the rewards that you can win for competing and participating be digital collectibles? Because that's very much embedded into the Odyssey process, and we're big believers in it. Of course, and we decided to take a beat on that for launch because we didn't want to do too many things all at first. We wanted to make sure we could have something that was engaging and interesting and fun for these AI creators, this league concept, and make sure that it worked well. They were enjoying it and they were learning and winning and having fun, that we had a place for brands to come into it and take advantage and participate. But we very much, of course, think that there will be a gradual but definite infusion of multiple blockchain related things. So there's both digital assets that we think that you could win that are either coming from us or coming from the brands. And then, of course, it could eventually form our own version of a multi brand loyalty program kind of across the back end of what we're doing. But we're like, whoa, that's just going to confuse everybody if we do that to start. So let's take a chill. Let's launch something that's fun and interesting and makes sense and is beneficial to both the AI creators and hopefully to the brands that we're involved with. And then bring the web three and even the metaverse. And I mean, when you look at with Apple's announcement of, I think it's called like, the quest Pro or something, but like, it's not vision pro, I'm mixing the Oculus one with the Apple one. Sorry, the Apple new, like, you know, AR VR goggles. Like, we're like, yeah. We look at that and say, that's amazing. And, yes, as much as it's a little bit dystopian to think about, I think this idea of a lot of people are going to want to experience a lot of their digital connections through the AR VR experience. It's why metaverse has been an important thing for forum three. We absolutely think that's a trend that's just going to keep happening. Could some of the competitions involve creating things for a metaverse? Could you actually create a metaverse world as part of the competition? So, like, it's not just creating art or creating a campaign or creating an app or a game. Like it's AI creation. AI powered creation very much infuses into blockchain and metaverse. And then how do you sort of own potentially some of the things that get created and who owns it and how do you use it? And blockchain is going to, I think, a big role to play in all that, but we got to build it one step at a time.
Speaker C: And that is a whole other series of episodes. When it comes to where that will head. But I think it's a fascinating turn that you've taken with what you've learned. And this is a belief that we share. That role of the emerging tech is really to create those direct, meaningful, valuable connections between people and brands. And they're not mutually exclusive at the end of the day, they're probably more mutually reinforcing and exponential, I think as Raoul would say if he was sitting on this podcast with us. And so that's like, everybody watch this space. It was hive three, HIv three, AI, I think was the site. Go check it out and look. Let's use that as kind of a segue into our wrap up of this thing because we've taken a little look forwards about what you're working on with forum three. I got two questions I like to ask everybody as we come to the close, which is really one look back and one look forward on the look back side, because my hope certainly is that amongst the audience here, we've got a bunch of people who are either extremely curious or actually active inside companies thinking about what all of this stuff means for them. So some of the best lessons are if you could go back to, you know, forum three and Starbucks twelve months ago, 18 months ago and give yourself a piece of advice about, yeah, you're on the right track, definitely do that. Or, you know what, think twice about doing that. What would those, what would that advice be?
Speaker B: I mean, there's been a lot of, a lot of lessons learned. So it's funny because you think back and you're like, oh, what were those lessons? I mean, I feel really proud of what Starbucks has done here. And so there's no obvious ones. I mean, there's little like technical ones that you could have cleaned up. And if anything, I think just sort of probably touting the vision a little bit earlier and a little bit louder because I think they've done a great job of it now. I think that's one lesson learned was like explain, like some of the journeys that are coming and explain what's happening because this was so new. And I think they've done a great job of that. So I think one lesson learned, I would tell myself, is just like the more that we could talk, we at forum three or Starbucks could talk about why they're doing this and the, the community benefits of it and sort of how it can shape up, I think is something that early on, you know, everybody was a little tentative and, you know, it's worked out well. And I think they, we could have. We could have done that a little more. You know, I don't. I don't. You know, I also think you can't in hindsight, and again, hindsight 2020, I don't think you can understate just how important it is to bring the consumers along that don't know about or care about digital asset ownership. But don't let that discourage you, because we've seen that once people get into it that have never been a part of it, they love it. The same reason all of us that are into digital asset ownership, blockchain and web three, and we believe in it. Like, I mean, outside of speculation, there's still a magic to it, and there's still a lot of power to the ethos of it. And you gotta be patient. You gotta get through that. And I think we've all been through some pretty rough seas in the last six months of the last year of the space being in such a tough spot from a narrative perspective, but it doesn't change the fact of what got us excited about it in the first place. And I feel like that's something I would have said back to be like, don't forget, like, you know, the magic is still there, which is the name of your company. Right? Like magic and science, I think.
Speaker C: Right, so science, magic. That's right. That's right. Well, well remembered. And actually, I think, you know, you've dropped a couple gems here, which, again, I think they speak more to the corporate innovation ethos, which is, you know, courage is part of the ingredients for success, as is a little tenacity along with some agility. But, you know, having that fertile ground that we talked about at the very beginning of this episode, you know, very strong top down support, strong fabric of trust, commitment to engagement, and loyalty to the highest degree already just put the wind in the sails to get you through those rough seas. If I'm going to build on your poetry here a little bit. Yeah, well put, Adam. Well put. And, you know, if I may, I'll just hammer home. One of the, from a pattern spotting perspective is that I think one of the lessons around building on the loyalty program that you have, I think for some companies, they'd find it extremely hard because it's so ingrained in the infrastructure, and it's one of the things that you don't mess with. It's almost like an industrial machine. So experimenting with it may seem like a very risky thing, but there are certainly advantages of building on that database of consumers you've already got, because now you don't have to bridge between this little audience you've built over here and your mainstream consumer. And I'm sure there are some brands out there that are envious of that journey. And by the way, you mentioned about the Adidas journey, there'll be another episode just to sort of plug this one. There'll be another episode with Vladislav Lazarov of Adidas retracing the steps up until the time I was still there, and then everything since then. So all of those lessons learned are also going to be packed into another fantastic episode of adventures in crypto for you, Adam, and for the rest of our audience.
Speaker B: Oh, good. I can't wait to watch. I mean, I learned so much every time I listen to you, Tarek and Raul, and so I can't wait to tune into that.
Speaker C: Yeah, there'll be four episodes actually, in total. So thank you so much for being one of us. And my last question, we're going to dream now, like, between twelve and 36 months from now. What's your kind of, I don't want to say prediction, but what's your hope or ambition for this space of blockchain, AI and emerging tech? What do you really want to see in that timeframe?
Speaker B: Well, first of all, I think it's worth. There's a word we use at form three a lot, which is this word responsible. I feel like, appropriately, there's a lot of talk right now about what is responsible look like when it comes to taking advantage of these technologies, particularly AI, but obviously blockchain and metaverse, I think there are a lot of pitfalls and landmines concerns in this space, and I'm not going to end on a downer, I promise. The reason I'm saying that is because when I think about the next 36 months, it's kind of like we were just talking about. I hope there's a way that a lot of us, I'm talking about society, mainstream, can understand that this stuff is happening, so how do we. How do we take advantage of it, but also, at the same time, realize that people can get hurt, bad things can happen, but it doesn't mean that you just sort of sleep it under the rug and pretend it's not happening. We talk a lot about. We're really keen on figuring out what does it mean to responsibly use AI for image creation or video creation or otherwise. There's a lot of reasons that have to be concerned about that, but that doesn't mean we're not experimenting with it and thinking about it and trying to find ways that are brand safe. My guess is that brands right now, when they look at blockchain, when they look at AI, when they look at Metaverse, they're like, wow. I know I need to get smart in this area. I know that's where the puck is going. But I'm tentative because I either don't understand it or there's legal concerns or there's ethical concerns, media narratives. And I just kind of hope that we can all sort of keep our wits about us and have an open mind on both sides to recognize the pitfalls and the realities of what are the watch outs and what are the problems, but at the same time, understand that Jeanne's out of the bottle on this stuff, so we need to sort of talk about it and figure out ways to do it. Working with brands, great in a way, is that brands provide a good bar because, you know, brands are conservative and brands are appropriately careful. And so if you can do things that are brand safe, I think, or try to anyways, in general, that kind of is a nice bar to try to hit, which is like, you know, get your hands dirty experiment, but do it in a way where, you know, you're trying to be as responsible as possible. So that that's my hope, is that we go from this, I'll call it polarizing state of affairs, to one where people are recognizing that it's happening. So let's figure out how to do it in a way that's the most responsible, in a way that's the most fun and then beneficial.
Speaker C: I think that's a fantastic thought to finish this out on, actually. And I'm sure that's on the minds of a lot of the people watching this and a lot of people who are trying to figure this out, whether it's from marketing or finance or digital innovation or just at the C suite, that a little courage and open mindedness here is definitely going to be one of the things which gets you where you need to go. Adam, I think what's left to say now is thank you for sharing your story in a lot of depth here and really helping our audience to try and understand, you know, what it's taken to bring, for Starbucks to bring odyssey along with your support and forum three to where it is today, and also to zoom out a little bit on how these emerging technologies kind of amplify each other in the vision that you have. So very much appreciate the time, the honesty, and you have a very entertaining way of telling the story, too. So thank you so much for being with us.
Speaker B: Thanks for having me. It's always great to talk to you, Mandy.
Speaker C: Until next time, and everybody watching this or listening to this, stand by for more episodes of adventures in crypto, looking at web three and brands with me, Tariq, nslawi and Adam.
Speaker B: Just quickly, where do people find youmbrotman on twitter? I'm on LinkedIn, and like I mentioned, check us out at hive three. AI.
Speaker C: Perfect. Thank you so much again for joining us and have a great day.
Speaker B: What's up, revolutionaries? Thanks for tuning in. For more content like this, head over to realvision.com and get unfiltered access to the very best, brightest, and biggest names in finance.
