Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited premium wireless. Everybody get 30. 30, baby get 30, baby get 20. 2020, baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month, so give.
Speaker A: It a try at Mint mobile.com switch.
Speaker C: $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: Hello, ladies and gents, and welcome back to the real vision Crypto daily briefing. Here's why you should tune into today's episode. Are nfts dead? Well, that's the million dollar question. We'll do a deep dive into the world of non fungible tokens, the latest news, trends and all the important questions. Is this the floor or is the winter only about to bite? And we'll discuss this with Chris Matheran, the CEO of floor. He will join us live later on. And as always, we'll distill the interview down into key takeaways at the end. So stay tuned for that. I'm Paul Guerra, and with me today, the resident NFT guru. More like a paper handed guru nowadays. Elaine Lee is with me. How's it going, Elaine?
Speaker E: Unbelievable, Paul. You should be lucky that we have a screen apart. Look, Paul, everyone is looking for violence with me this GM. I don't know if you have been keeping up with my real vision NFT saga for the people who are watching, but I would like to make a public announcement that I elainly also known as bagloader on our discord is back in the game. Okay. Sometimes stuff just falls out when you overload it, Paul. Okay, so here, look. Take a look at my real vision NFt. So look, I basically sold the NFT. I sold the NFT. That real vision gave me the ability to mint. Look, I go to work, I do zone out through all these zoom meetings, right? I knew what we were building, but I didn't know that we were advancing that fast. Look, when I got that NFT, I managed to make a whole eth during the time. But when we decide to drop a whole new web three portal and it's token gated, I was like, oh, crap, I need my NFT RV back for access. So I did buy back in. Just about managed to squeeze in there. But now. Yes, yes, yes, yes. You laugh. I'm forever known as Elaine Lee. Your Royal Highness, PHp paper handed princess.
Speaker D: All right, well, number one, how dare you? And number two, you should update your Twitter profile to php from now on.
Speaker F: I totally agree.
Speaker D: Okay, guys, so, well, let's go with this. Let's subscribe to real Vision Crypto. As you know, it's free. And also, a quick message to our viewers while we upgrade our new platform on our website. Our live chat feature is temporarily unavailable. So in the meantime, we are monitoring the comments in the comment section here down below. So please drop them. You have any questions, comments, feedback, anything, drop down in the live box in the chat. And if you're watching on YouTube, please smash that like button for the algorithm. Subscribe. And don't forget to hit also the notification bell for future videos and content like this. So, well, now let's jump right into the latest price action and the total crypto market cap is just above 950 billion. Elaine, once again, bitcoin has dropped below $20,000 and its market dominance is just above 40%. In that sense, it has reached and failed to sustain that level multiple times in the past month. And this follows weaker than expected labor data in the United States. The job openings plunged by $1.1 million. 1.1 million, sorry, in August. And the macro environment continues to be unfavorable, which makes it challenging for risk assets like crypto. However, some are speculating that a cooling off economy could force the Fed to pivot away from steep ride hikes. So that's something that everyone's wondering, is the Fed going to pivot? We'll have to wait and see. Elaine, how's Ethereum performing?
Speaker E: Just under a billion in market cap. Times have really have changed. Look, Paul, I'm a half glass kind of full kind of girl. So how's Ethereum? Look, a similar story there. Over here at port, it's staying relatively stable, though it's dipped into the negative territory on a 24 hours basis in the past few hours, still trading at just about 1300. I'm also looking at dogecoin. Look, the doge army is back up with the vengeance poor. Okay, the meme token is one of the best performers of the day. That's after Elon Musk. Mister Musk made a total u turn and confirmed. Well, he's willing to go ahead and purchase Twitter after all.
Speaker D: Well, yeah, the doge father never ceases to amaze us, that's for sure. Thank you, Lane, for that story and everything about Ethereum. But now let's look our top story today, which is Fidelity Investments is expanding its crypto offering for institutional investors. So what happened is that the filing to the SEC on Tuesday revealed that Fidelity's new Ethereum index fund was launched on September 26, and so far it attracted an investment of $5 million. The number of investors, you might be wondering, well, just one, really, just one person. Clearly there's an ethereum optimist, a believer, someone who thinks it is going to go only but high. Elaine, what do you make of this?
Speaker E: Yeah, slash eth Maxi. Right. Paul, look, I think any time when you hear a tradfi company dipping into crypto, that is a bullish sign that we should be reading, because fidelity is, look is as tradfi as it gets. But it's also been very open to crypto for a few years now, and we know people at Fidelity, they get the assignment. Now, this fund is only available to institutional investors. The minimum to get in is 50. Now, the first investor clearly had more than that, and so far, he or she is the only one, at least at the time of the filing. So, look, it hasn't been all smooth sailing for ETH, right, since the merge pool, but despite like a whole transfer from proof of work to proof of stake, going into working smoothly without a hitch. But, you know, we've got to pay a little bit attention to the prices because the price is down around 9% since the event. But expanding institutional access could help. Right. Look, Paul, I think this may be the big push, or actually, shall I say a push, a big push that the whole community really needs right now.
Speaker D: 100%. And actually, speaking of fidelity, Euro and Timur has great conversations with Raoul pal. You can check them out for free on real vision crypto. You'll find out more about probably this, Elaine. So now let's get into our main theme today, which is nfts. And before we dive into the interview with Chris, we have a few interesting stories to look at. And the first one is that, you know, comes all the way from Japan. Coindesk reported a speech from the prime minister, Fumio Kishida, and he announced that Japan wants to invest in nfts and metaverse services. It's a part of a broader drive for digital transformation in the country. So, Elaine, you are the NFt guru here. What are your thoughts?
Speaker E: Paper hands guru Paul, nice attempt at the pronunciation of the prime minister's name. I think Japan has this reputation for being a super techie country, right? But it's still a place where lots of companies still use fax. Yes, the fax machine pool. I mean, not to mention lots of paperwork lots of bureaucracy. But it appears that the prime minister wants to change that and make Japan live up to its international reputation. Growth has been sluggish for decades, so he's hoping that a digital transformation might be able to help with that. Now, our friends at coindes says that the country has been promoting digital investments. It has introduce tax incentives to stimulate the digital take up. Okay. Kushida's administration recently also established a web three policy office. Imagine that. And that's under the ministry of economy, Trade and Industry, which is focused on creating policies for a gradual blockchain expansion, just very much like other countries like Dubai. So back in April, a leading japanese politician called Web three the new frontier of the digital economy in a white paper. NFT white paper. But also Japan is, you know, Japan is a place that it's so rich in culture and obviously killer in the gaming industry, but hence why you see a lot of japanese influence, NFT projects doing so well. So it really makes sense to seize the digital ownership here. That's right in front of them, Paul.
Speaker D: That's right. And just, we have Azuki as one example. It is really good. So here's another interesting story. In the space, NFTs are obviously digital. Well, so far they live in the blockchain, but sometimes they begin their lives in the real world and give real life utility. And here's what we've got. An example of a full circle. An idea that started on paper. Now, it began as an NFT, and now it's becoming actually a real life product. It's coming physical again. The crypt reports crypto enthusiast and entrepreneur, one of the OG's in the hustle game, Gary Vaynerchuk, better known as Gary V, is turning his be friends creation into toys. They will be available at Macy's later this month. Elaine, this is a heartwarming one.
Speaker E: Yeah, it's a good one. And Paul, you know what you're getting from Christmas for Christmas from me.
Speaker D: Giving me one. Well, I'll take it.
Speaker E: There you go. We can put it in the, just behind the little sofa that you have over your shoulder. But look good for Gary. If anyone's going to take this over to the finishing line, it will be mister Gary V. Look, what was initially just cartoon drawings, right? That look like it came from your five year old became NFTs with $300 million worth of trading volume. Now it's heading to Macy's and Toys R Us. Toys R Us is a legendary brand that went bankrupt, which Macy's now own ten toys and they are promoted as limited edition and they will go on sale on October 17. Now, Gary said in a press release that as a boyhood fan of Toys R us, this means, and I quote, way more than you can imagine. He also promised further expansion of his collection to other products. Paul, were you in the toys r us toy aisles when you were a kid?
Speaker D: Well, actually, no, because I grew up in Ecuador, but when I went for tourism to New York, of course I saw the giant shop and it was really fun. And speaking of Gary V and how he meant for him, I'm sure it is because he's being always very, you know, upfront and honest, that he's a super nostalgic guy. He's intro nostalgia, all the things he loved as a kid. That's why he loves trading cards, you know, old sports, especially football. So that's something that's happening for him. And I'm sure we'll keep hearing more news from beef friends. Now let's move to the next one, actually, lane to the Financial Times. The UK gaming startup improbable is closing on $100 million valuation in its latest funding round. And it would have value improbable at more than $3 billion when it was actually valued back in 2018, at only 2.5 billion. And this is despite a loss of 170 million in 2021, according to the FT. So, Elaine, what else do we know?
Speaker E: Well, Paul, I don't know much about improbable, but I'm always behind the Brits, of course, when they want to delve into the web three space, but I do know, improbably is. No, improbable is known for its cooperation with yuga Labs and they've been developing Yuga's other side. So improbable is backed by SoftBank, to what I've read, but it was funded with 500 million by the japanese bank in 2017, so. But it's been burning crap, lost my words. But it's been burning cash ever since and has abandoned creating its own games. But it seems that investor interest is still in the company.
Speaker D: Still remains high, still remains high. And, you know, Softbank is pretty, is known for taking these, you know, big bets and investments. They've been also known for investing into WeWork back in the day. So we'll see. And yoga labs, you know, they're winners. They have cryptopunks, they have the board apes, they have so many things. So I'm sure we'll keep hearing more from this. And, well, Elaine, this is everything we have today in terms of the news. So I'm going to hand it over to you for your interview with Chris Mather and the CEO of Floor. So I'll be back with the key takeaways later on. Have fun.
Speaker A: Thanks, Paul Ryan Reynolds here from Mint mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless 30 30 Biddy get 30 bid to get 20. 2020 to 15. 1515 just $15.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint.
Speaker C: Mobile.Com switch $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for a limited time unlimited. More than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker E: Well, we have Chris Madden here with us today. He is the co founder and CEO of. CEO of floor, oh, Lord, the company behind the NFT Focus app. Welcome to the show, Chris. Now you are listening to those stories. What are your thoughts? NFts are dead, right?
Speaker F: Yeah, totally, dad. Thank you for having me, Elaine. Excited to be here? No, like, we're definitely seeing a natural pullback. Some stuff was getting a little bit crazy, we needed a little bit of a correction. But fundamentally, the underlying principles of digital ownership, that's provable, being important, I think are more important than ever. And we're going to see new use cases evolve. Some of the art that exists today will remain valuable. Much of it won't. I think it was Gary Vaynerchuk who said, 99% of stuff goes to zero. I broadly agree with that thesis. There's just an unsustainable amount of stuff that has no real value. However, the things that we know the name of, a lot of that stuff will become, I think, generational wealth items as their cultural relevance increases as NFts get more of a foothold in the everyday consumer life.
Speaker E: Was it you who I saw on Twitter Christie's this week? What happened there?
Speaker F: Oh, yeah. So Christie's and Sotheby's actually, both Christie's done a really good job of this, are getting into nfts in a big way. And so both Christie and Sotheby started selling nfts. Christie's just launched their marketplace. And so it was the launch party for a young artist who does moving video photography, nfTs, they're actually super, super cool. Diana Sinclair is her name. And so it was a launch party. Go see some of the art, meet the artist and just hang out with other people who are interested in nfts.
Speaker E: Fantastic. Chris, look, there's no way of beating around it. It's been a couple of rough months for nfts and you touched on a little bit about this. But I do want to ask you, do you think we'll ever see a bull run? Or do you think, like you said, 99 of these jpegs are worthless?
Speaker F: I think a lot of them will go away. I think bear markets like this test projects. And so what you'll see is some communities stick around and find intrinsic value and will grow out as new, different things on the other side of this that will have value and enduring value for both the holders and the kind of outside market to speculate on. And I think a lot of stuff will just go away because people will get tired of doing it and give up and move on. I think there will always be a place for high valued art and community. I think it will be smaller for a while than it was last year. We got overly exuberant by the ability to basically print money. I think it will eventually grow back to and beyond where it was last year, but it's possible that takes a couple of years. What we'll see is new, compelling use cases that come out of the innovation that happens during this year that drive real interest from consumers that isn't just purely based on can I invent money and isn't products that are all about being crypto, but rather use some of those unique properties that NFTs give us, like provable ownership, interoperable tradability to create products that actually either drive joy, help people be more aspirational versions of themselves, or connect with other humans in a way that's interesting and can be uniquely enabled by these technologies. We know what some of them are, we don't know what others of them are. People are inventing right now. And that's what I love about this space.
Speaker E: Chris, I love how you mentioned some of the things about where the flow of direction, and that's really reassuring for someone like me who hold truckloads of jpegs. Look, Chris, my bags are big. What?
Speaker F: I'm feeling it too.
Speaker E: I like it. Big bags. Chris, look, you're a builder. You've worked with payment services like Venmo. I want to ask you, like what have you seen overdose? You know, the past couple of months that have will improve the whole experience with nfTs, right? Because you mentioned a little bit it is really complicated for some of the things, right? Attach your discord, attach your twitter names. Like, I don't want to touch all that sometimes. But over the past couple of months, I think. I guess what I want to ask you is, have you seen how the industry has matured in any way?
Speaker F: It's a good question. I think we're maturing. So products mature. And when I say mature, I mean can talk to consumers in a way that they intrinsically understand what it is and how to do it and why they'd want to do it when they find product market fit. And so Coinbase was built when fungible tokens found product market fit with the broad consumer base as speculating on currencies. And all of a sudden it was clear the way we should talk about things. It was clear that those should be custodied by some centralized provider for simplicity. You were buying a currency, you buy, sell, there's an order book. People understand those metaphors really well. And so buying and selling cryptocurrencies found product market fit. There's very little inside of NFTs today that has that level of product market fit. And so we're still at the phase of building tools that wrap the underlying technology and expose way too much of that underlying technology to help people build on top of it. People have learned to take advantage of that in buying and selling pictures on a marketplace like OpenSea. What I think will most accelerate that kind of maturity and that fit is people building products that actually do things users care about in a way that they can understand what they're trying to do. I think Defi is a great place for some of this to come out of, where people understand the idea of savings, people understand the idea of yield. And I think people are probably going to build some products over there that help with that. I think ticketing will do the same things for NFTs. People understand the idea of a ticket, of having it, of transferring it, of selling it. And I think those metaphors will give you kind of a lot of understanding surface area to share with users. People don't really know where to put their fancy art collection they'd never thought about having before on some kind of digital blockchain where to like file that away. And so I think you're kind of constantly lost grasping for metaphors. I think people will build better metaphors for that as well, though.
Speaker E: Okay, so, Chris, when you talk about product market fit, I think this is a nice time to bring up the floor app, which is your baby, that you're working on. Like, look, I've got to be honest with you. I think I messaged you like a couple of months ago now. I was like, I really want to test your app, how do I figure it out? And I've got to be honest with you, the minute you gave me access to that app, I am able to feel in so much more control. I've able to probably open ten left tabs on my computer screen for every project that I'm involved in. Right. It really has helped me just to. Just to not feel so much of the chaos. You know, if I'm into one project, I don't have to open one tab. If I'm, you know, that NFT that I bought six months ago, I don't have to dig for that link or wherever I got it from. And also shout out to your team, Christine as well, who got back to me so quickly whenever I need help on the floor app. So for our viewers, what exactly, who've never used or ever heard of your app, what does your app do and how does it help us make sense of all the chaos in the sort of commercial world of buying nfts?
Speaker F: Yeah. So firstly, thank you for the incredibly kind words. I think floor exists to literally give people that feeling. So floor came out of my personal journey of just feeling lost in nfts. I work in the technology industry, finance industry, crypto industry, and I still felt super lost and had no idea what my assets were doing, how much they were worth. We wanted to start off by solving a simple problem, which is what do I have and how much is it worth? That was how the product started. Since it's expanding quite a lot from there, which is how do I orient inside of this broader NFT world? What's happening right now? What should I be thinking about? What are people who hold the assets that I hold also doing? What's the recent news for these projects? There's a lot of stuff that's come out of there and eventually we'd like for a floor NFT to be your first NFT and be able to hold your hand through that whole process of figuring out what your metaverse representation might be and what communities you want to join based on values that are token gated, things like that. But the thing that we find people keep coming back for is feeling connected to your nfts and just coming back and checking on them, whether that's financially like, am I up or am I down? Whether that's honestly just browsing around and looking at them and seeing what those projects are doing.
Speaker E: You know, I've got to be honest with you, Chris. I wouldn't choose it as my first NFT because I've always, if you enter the world of nfts, right? You want to pick something that you relate to the most. So. But that's not to say you should ignore the token access that some of these NFT projects are offering to you. And I think that is obviously my awful week of letting go of my rV. NFT, that's what you have to understand. And when you land in the community, that really helps you, you know, navigate the space. Truly. I mean, all kudos to you, really. I used it, I test it, and I liked it. It was just a really great user experience, and that is something I know the whole industry itself is trying to iron out. So, Chris, you are a holder of a doodles, and then, you know, so I'd love to hear. I. Yeah, a proud owner of Doodles. I'd love to hear a couple of your favorites. I know you mentioned the one that you caught at Christy's, but these things sound expensive. So projects that are not in your regular top 20, give me some alpha on this show. No doodles. Sensible entry point. What are you looking at?
Speaker F: Yeah, so I think this is kind of the thing that we want to start helping people with as they come into the world, finding things that are in a reasonable price point that they can see themselves in and that they can think. Like, this is something that I want to put out there in the world and be a part of the representation of me. I'm a very kind of happy guy, and I prefer things that are happy. And so I like collections like robotos, I think are, like, super fun and light hearted. Pretty affordable entry point. I think they're at, like, 2.3 eth. So two, three, $400, which is a lot cheaper than most things out there. And then there's some, like, really, really inexpensive stuff that's not very well known that I just find super fun. Like, there's a collection called Hot Dogs, which I think I have, like, a hundred of, and they're just, like, different character representations of hot dogs, and they just make me laugh and smile, and so I have them.
Speaker E: Who doesn't love a good hot dog? Right, right.
Speaker F: It's just like a kind of fun cartoon of a hot dog doing, like, various things.
Speaker E: You'd have to send me the link afterwards.
Speaker F: Chris, you definitely should get a hot dog. And then trying to think, like, some other old school things. So there was a collection called ahoy, boys, which actually minted originally, like, all the way back in. I want to say it was like, 2019, maybe, like, really, really old, didn't mint out and then finally minted out this year, and everyone's been having a lot of fun with them. It's a really small collection of, like, 500, but I think they're still pretty cheap, like, 0.10.2 eth, and they're just like, kind of bad drawings of pirates, but they just make me laugh.
Speaker E: Oh, snap. Hash. Garyvee. Here we go. That kind of vibes. Look, I've just opened the roboto's page. Good price. Floor prices, 0.16. All right, I'm going to push you a little bit further. What about the ever growing dominance of just a few projects, right? Because you have your apes and just the ones that people recognize. Is this Anhe or could we see this trend change? It's the world of nfTs, man.
Speaker F: Yeah, I do think there will be a set, like, people call them blue chips of nfTs, which will stick around. We will decide to use this kind of like a proxy hold of value, because if you think about what a lot of people do financially right now, they bridge and kind of arbitrage between ETH and nfTs. And as ETH goes up, they'll either move in or out of nfTs, depending on how they think about it. And so collections like that have two purposes. Number one is prestige as a PFP. Like, oh, look at me, I have my bored ape as my PFP. That's why I liked doodles as a slightly lower price point. I don't use any of my really, really high end assets, as it just kind of feels a bit off to me to use a $250,000 asset like my PFP. So I do think they'll endure because a lot of people will use them as stable money inside of the world of nfTs. And then a lot of people will also want that kind of representation. I think as doodles, for example, create their 1 million plus item collection, the cultural relevance of doodles will increase, such that the Doodles Genesis collection will probably become a really, really valuable asset, because essentially, own the memes of production. A lot of buying NFTs is just owning the meme. It's owning a piece of culture. And if doodles is successful at becoming way more culturally relevant, the Genesis collection becomes kind of the ownership representation of that meme.
Speaker E: Look, I like hearing that, Chris. We talked about the projects that we can probably study and get in on, and then we are visionaries here at real vision. Talking about the financialization of NFTs is definitely what we love to discuss every day in our pro discord. So, Chris, how does a builder like yourself build amongst the noise. Let me ask you this.
Speaker F: Yeah, like, it's actually building in public is really fun. I feel very, very fortunate as kind of a mixture of engineering and product guy to have a community of 8000 people inside of our discord who we build with every single day. They give us feedback. I think that part is super fun. I think it's when you go out to the broader world that there's always someone trying to, you have to remember we're building in a space that is financialized and these assets have value. And so the first time someone tried to con me out of a gen three floor token, I was so sad. But on the other hand, we control this asset that is what, $500 to $1,000 at the time a pop. And so like for someone on the Internet to be able to like just send a DM and get $1,000, that's like a really large opportunity for some people. And so it definitely is. You have to wear your armor a little bit out in the space because every single day people are trying to scam floor holders or scam us themselves. That said, from like a project to project standpoint, I found the ecosystem to be really friendly and supportive. Like we are on a first name basis with the creators of kind of almost every project and almost every meaningful product that's in the space. And yeah, it's good people.
Speaker E: Look, Chris, I believe, you know, you're someone that I've been watching for a couple of months now and obviously with the rv community as well. We thrive on seeing people build and we thrive on people doing well. So of course, you know, I know some heavy engagement users in our community. If you were to distribute a floor token NFT one day, we will make sure that you get the relevant feedback and use of the proper use case of a floor token, which is just, yeah, everyone should be trying out at least. All right, so a tough environment to build within, keeping the community. Oh, sorry, I'm reading like my own notes. I was so into the conversation I forgot I was going back to my notes. So look, it's a tough environment to build within, keeping within the community. Let me start again. How do you keep the community engaged and investors happy? And when I say mass adoption of nfts, what does that mean to you, Chris?
Speaker F: Yeah, so there's always this constant kind of balancing of stuff that's good for growth, for floor, stuff that's good for our token holders, stuff that's good for our venture investors because we have both token holders and we raise $8 million in venture capital. The important thing is just making sure that you build an incentive system that kind of aligns all those things together. And there'll always be moments you have to make trade offs. And ultimately, as long as the basic fundamentals are there, growth of floor will be good for all people. For our genesis token holders, even if on any particular day something we do doesn't positively impact the floor price of the token long term, if we're successful at building a thing that millions of people use to onboard to web three, their genesis tokens are going to be more valuable. That's going to be long term good for them. Similarly for investors as equity holders, things that we do that improve our perception inside of the environment, potentially like the increase of the value of the floor price improves our market position, which improves our ability to go and deliver equity returns. So I think from that perspective, things are generally pretty good. I think that token gated products are interesting. I don't. I think the way that we built it made sense for what we did and when we did it, scaling is hard.
Speaker E: I actually think that's where we're heavily going into, actually, so, but. Sorry, you were saying about scaling?
Speaker F: Yeah, it's really easy to get going. And as long as you build something people care about, it gives you this incredible built in community. It's like a launching pad for all of the other stuff that you need with that community. And I think it can help you scale both financially and user base attention wise. To a point to economics are hard. I think everyone can acknowledge that. And there's also a certain gravity that's pulling it down. And you need to constantly, like even moonbirds and doodles, you see this happening to them right now. As prices go up, expectations go up, those expectations become very, very very hard to hit. And, and so honestly, moonbirds or doodles right now could basically announce anything. And I'm pretty sure it would be floor price flat because everyone's expectations are so high for what they do next. We're lucky in that we exist a little bit lower in the price spectrum. So I think less of that hits us. But there is a certain gravity to success. That means the more successful you get, the more valuable the asset becomes, the higher the expectations are and the harder it is to continue to deliver on those expectations. And I think that's one of the things that we need to figure out as we think about scaling token models and something that we're very actively working on.
Speaker E: Oh, that's great. That's great, really good, wholesome conversation, Chris. And of course, just a gentle reminder that none of this is financial advice. All right, I'm going to bring Paul back in. Remember, Paul? Paul, are you there?
Speaker D: I'm here. Here. Can you hear me? Copy one, two, are you there?
Speaker E: Copy. Copy, Paul.
Speaker D: Awesome. Great. Thank you so much, Elaine and Chris. That was a great, great conversation, guys. So now my job is to give you guys who are watching this some key takeaways from this. So we'll see how I do. Okay? So they talked about the evolution of the NFT industry during the last cycle and what it seems slow nowadays and where it's all headed from this crypto, winter and on. So what really stood out for me was three main themes, which I'll break down for you guys here. So the first one is that are nfts worthless and dead? Second thing I think was really important here is that has the industry matured? Will only a few projects dominate the space? And lastly, mass adoption, is it really happening? So let's go from the first one. Are NFTS wordless and dead? So a correction was needed. So it's a natural pullback. That's very healthy sometimes in an economy. And digital ownership is more important than ever as new use cases evolve, according to Chris. And actually he said something really interesting here that Gary Vee, he said back in the day, he's very famous for this. He said that 99% of nfts will go to zero and he doesn't agree with it necessarily. So that's really interesting. Also he pointed out that generational wealth items are pretty much nfts. There's a bunch of them throwing being around in the space and they will grow as the cultural relevance increases at the same time. And also a set of blue chip of nfts will always stick around because of prestige and a staple of money. And as he said, also you can own a piece of culture that very, very interesting. The second theme about the industry maturing or if only a few projects will dominate the space. Well, a key here, Chris pointed that 99% might fade away and that actually bear markets, test projects for a survival of the fittest. And projects that will win in the long run are actually the ones that have a strong community that stick around. You know that the name, the game of nfts is actually community. It might be a very trite concept that everyone throws around, but it actually, it really works for nfts and for the space. So community, strong community, you stay the longer and it actually will be a smaller space than it was before. Why? Well, because before it was a very hot space due to the ability to print infinite money. And aren't we all paying all the consequences of all that printer happening? So we have crazy inflation nowadays. So of course also demand has decreased in terms of the NFT and risk assets or crypto or so on. And also we'll actually see new compelling use cases like the proof of ownership, which is actually a staple of nfts, and also the interoperable tradability. And also nfts are still at a building phase with tools to help users and that actually they care about. This is very important because some people might still think or see nfts as just jpegs or art or this. But once some new tools with tech are around it, people will start paying more attention because they're attached to things they care about. One example, ticketing. All the ticket master things we heard about nfts. Once ticketing starts hitting nfts, it might do for the NFT space while yield did for DeFi. And finally mass adoption. Is it really happening? Well, the important thing to consider here is that we are still in a building incentive system. We're still building the NFT space. It's still growing, still is maturing, it's new, it's very fresh, and the idea of a token gated products can help scale it. So sorry about my throat scaling is something that is going on and it will keep happening into this space. All right, so actually I have some interesting quote here from Chris. And the thing that we can find people coming back for is feeling connected to your nfts. Here we go again here to connection to feeling. Part of, to feel that this attached to some emotion to you. And this is something. For example, in my case, I hold some sbs on vampire nfts. Why? Because as a kid I love the vampire stories, the vampire books, the vampire video games, all related to vampires. I love it. So it's a like the Gary vee thing. He goes to the nostalgia, he loves uno, he loves toys, trading cards. So always emotion is very important for NFT. So thank you for that great quote, Chris. And well, as I said before, this was a great conversation. Thank you both. And let me just add a correction regarding our price action segment. Actually, the current market cap of Ethereum is around $163 billion. All right, and now let's head over to Twitter. Web three Wednesday is on, hosted by our own very VJan and our RV community manager and the real vision bot. So that's it for today, guys. Thank you so much. Don't forget, subscribe to RV Crypto. It's for free and you're on YouTube. Smash the like button, drop some comments. And tomorrow for the show we have Imran Laca for you with the best and the latest technical analysis with everything crypto. And before we go, we just want to flag something here at real vision. There are some changes happening. We are refreshing the breath and butter of RV, the essential tier. We're launching multiple new shows like make or break. We got the message. Three ideas deck collectors for all of you guys who like to collect stuff. And all of this is at a reduced price of only $99 a year. If you really think about it, that's more affordable than a craft beer a month. So if you're investing in your future through financial education, 99 a year sounds like a super deal. So go to realvision.com getessential to sign up and we'll leave you with a snippet of the new offering. See you tomorrow at noon et. That's 09:00 a.m. on the west coast for us in LA and all the west coast, 05:00 p.m. london and midnight in Hong Kong. Here live at the real vision crypto daily briefing. Stay safe, guys. The sri lankan prime minister's house set.
Speaker F: A light first is authoritarianism. The second is corruption.
Speaker A: The FOMC is strongly resolved to bring inflation down.
Speaker D: Home builders are abandoning homes.
Speaker E: Massive protests going on here.
Speaker F: We're going to see a material impact.
Speaker E: Here on growth and indeed on earnings, which might change is happening and you can fear it. You're not going to stop it. There are really only two countries in Europe that have managed to maintain a replacement level.
Speaker F: Birthrate France and Sweden.
Speaker D: This is the biggest bubble in the history of the world and you have no clue.
Speaker F: It's all herd mentality.
Speaker D: It's the same as the property market.
Speaker F: What happens over the next few months could define what happens over the next few years. So we want to make sure that you understand why you've probably realized that we really have been listening to.
