Speaker A: Golddealer.com provides one of the nation's largest inventories of gold, silver, platinum, palladium, and rhodium bullion. And our website offers live buy and sell prices. We specialize in precious metal IRA accounts, charge no setup or shipping fees, and provide one of the best storage programs in the business. Golddealer.com also provides a free audio quote line that is updated twice each day and a gold newsletter that is published every week.
Speaker B: Hey, Nico. So the guys across the pond are doing the idiot and the expert like.
Speaker C: A macro version of it.
Speaker B: Do you think we could do like an idiot in the Djen?
Speaker D: Like a crypto version?
Speaker C: Yeah, like a crypto version.
Speaker D: I mean, we're in the studio. Might as well do it.
Speaker B: All right, Niko, we gotta talk about the elephant in the room.
Speaker D: Yes, we do.
Speaker B: You are a big djen is what I hear. And in 2022, you went hardcore into nfts and now they're all tanking. So what's the deal?
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, some people are out there claiming that NFTs are just another beanie baby mania stomping on its grave. And look, I went big. I've mentioned this on air before, but I moved the vast majority of my ETH into nfts and have seen them gone down 95%. But I also think there's a lot to look forward to. It's still early in the cycle, and as we've seen, there's been some big news recently around Instagram launching its marketplace for nfts. And the first collection there from Micah Johnson and OC, who sold out in 11 seconds. So that's definitely bullish to me.
Speaker B: But what about what Gary Vee said in a recent interview with Raoul, where.
Speaker C: 90% of these are going to go to zero?
Speaker D: Well, I absolutely agree with Gary and Rao that, yes, 90% of these are going to go to zero. I mean, if we look at what happened in the.com bust of the late nineties, we saw a ton of those companies go to zero. I mean, does anybody remember pets.com dot? But we also saw Amazon come out of that. So, yes, while 90% of these might go to zero, the 10% that stick around might end up being blue chip stocks just like Amazon.
Speaker B: But Amazon has, like, physical things and.
Speaker C: Products, like, aren't nfts just jpegs?
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, obviously there's a lot more to it and what stuff that we get into here on real vision, of course, as well. But you're right. I mean, some people do just look at them as digital art. And as we have in a recent interview with Punk 6529, punk uses that exactly sort of metaphor of if you're going to get into nfts, look at it as part of your entertainment budget, don't bet the bank on it. But what you might spend on a nice dinner with your wife or a nice vacation. If you really like an NFT and you connect with it in the same way you might with a physical art piece, it might be worth pulling the trigger.
Speaker B: Okay, so it sounds like you're really big on nfts. What advice would you give to people who are just looking to explore their very first?
Speaker D: Well, definitely check out some of our great interviews we do here on real vision. All around nfts, there's curated playlist and everything. We'll put a little link in the show notes as well. But beyond from that is, you know, take a little bit of your ETH and explore some projects you might like. You know, don't look at it as, you know, a lottery ticket. Look at it as if you're buying art from someone that you'd want to hang on your wall. You know, it's like Punk said, make it part of your entertainment budget. And look at this as you would collecting art. This is not an investment game in the same way that, you know, buying ETH is for most people.
Speaker B: Glad we took care of that elephant in the room. Thanks so much.
Speaker D: Thank you, sir.
