Speaker A: Whoa.
Speaker B: Landing an account this big will totally.
Speaker A: Change my landscaping business. It's gonna mean hiring more guys and.
Speaker B: More equipment and new trucks for the.
Speaker A: New guys to drive the new equipment in.
Speaker B: I don't know if I'm ready.
Speaker A: You can do this.
Speaker B: And Ford Pro finsimple can help.
Speaker C: Our experts are ready to make growing pains less painful for your business with.
Speaker B: Flexible financing solutions that meet the needs.
Speaker A: Of your business today when you need them.
Speaker C: Get started@fordpro.com.
Speaker B: Financing.
Speaker C: Do you know the number one obstacle to financial success? Time or lack of it. Without enough time, you can't learn efficiently, plan effectively, or focus on the right strategies. That's why real vision offers you a simple and efficient way to gain expert knowledge using time saving market tools and leverage the brainpower of our community to help you succeed faster. Get a taste of financial freedom with our offer@realvision.com. free that's realvision.com free.
Speaker A: Well, welcome, everybody, to the first of 2020 four's. Raoul Pal. I don't know what the fuck I'm doing. This is when I'm put on both YouTube and on the platform without any guiding. No maggie to tell me what to do or make me look professional. So I'm unprofessional. Now, normally this would be the drinks edition, but I'm going to be civilized again to teach you that civilization does start with a cup of tea and actually a bit more heathen. But I'm in the Caribbean, as opposed to normally a nice Earl grey tea with milk, which is how things should be drunk. Again, all of you drink black tea. There's something philistine about what you do, but I'm in the Caribbean, so I've got hibiscus tea today. It's for its health properties, and it's called sorrel in the Caribbean, and people drink it a lot here. The reason I'm drinking tea is not because I don't want to have a drink with you guys, is I've got 60 people coming tonight to the house for a party and I cannot start drinking early or I'll be casted off to bed and my wife will have to deal with the party past 09:00. I'm not as young as I used to be. Um, so hopefully you've got a cup of tea or something much more befitting. If you are having something befitting, I urge you to have an aperitivo, a snack that goes with it. We've talked about this before. I don't want to spread the culture of not drinking without a nibble that the Americans are trying to force upon the rest of the world. It's just not civilized. So let's, let's continue civilizing the world. This is the show that does it. This is the show that teaches us civilization. It teaches us about wine, tea and aperitivos, particularly almonds from Valencia and such like. Actually, this evening we've got a, it's like a giant charcuterie table and cheese table from cheeses and meats from France, Spain and Italy with wines matching them. So it should be a lot of fun, actually. And I shall be trying most of the wines. And we will see how I feel tomorrow morning. Generally, my powers of recovery at 55 years old are not very good anymore. Okay, let's kick off about markets, give you a bit of spiel. Now, most of you saw my big rap at the end of the year. It was everywhere. It was on YouTube, it was on the platform, it was on Twitter. It was literally everywhere. So you kind of know my view. So I'll update you on roughly where you are. Business cycle, nothing changed over time. Inflation down over time. Unemployment probably rise a little bit, not a great deal. Growth sluggish. We're at the bottom of the RSM cycle right now, so growth will be slow. It'll feel a bit recessionary. We're already seeing some more layoffs across various companies. Growth remains lackluster. China is obviously extremely slow. The outcome will be more monetary easing, whether it's cutting of rates or using liquidity, which will raise asset prices. Crypto and technology are the things that are following the forward liquidity cycle. So they've been discounting that the rest of the market should be a much better year. For those of you who don't invest in the racy end, which again, I cannot understand why you would take a suboptimal bet, but and even on a risk adjusted basis, technology and crypto, risk adjusted versus anything, are the best investments on earth. In fact, I wrote about that in global macro investor this month, trying to explain to people that you think you've got a lower volatility bet, but your rewards are commensurately lower, in fact, even lower than they should be versus the crypto macro setup. But we should see, for those of you who are investors in value, stocks, commodities, gold, Russell 2000, all of that, you should have a better year this year. Last year was terrible because the business cycle was coming down. The forward looking stuff already started going up, but really we should see the economy bottom start strengthening. Q one, after Q two, we start picking up ism above 50, everything's looking fine, and your stock should do well as well. So anyway. So hopefully 2024 is a ban, a macro. Yeah, that's how I'm thinking about it. Should be pretty straightforward. Election cycle, more Cowbell. They always have to hand out cookies to the kids, the voters at election time. And this will be no different. You know, Auntie Janet has been obviously offsetting the quantitative tightening by managing the treasury general account and the issuance. I don't see any reason she will want to tighten conditions. Just when they fear Donald Trump the most, they will do everything in their power not to let that happen. And to do that, Donald loves to beat people over the stock market and the economy, and they will go in as strong as possible. So expect plenty of goosing to come to try and win your vote. Now, remember, just talking about elections, I've mentioned this before. AI is going to be the new participants in the election, and you are going to lose your fucking minds. Many countries around the world, not just the United States, have elections coming up, and AI will play a part. Nothing you see online, nothing you hear, nothing you read, and people you talk to online, none of them may be real, and it may look like, excuse me, it's me talking to you, but it's probably the aih, unless it's on an authentic channel like my twitter feed or elsewhere, like the real vision platform behind the paywall, the real vision video channel. If you find clips of me online saying crazy shit, which is I do say a lot, don't trust it. Don't trust anything. Anything you see, and you will lose your mind. You'll hate your neighbors, you'll hate your brother, you'll hate your sister, your wife won't talk to you, all because of the anger and resentment this election is going to bring about. So anyway, I keep warning you about that. The outcome will be digital identity, and the outcome will be, my guess is that tech companies are going to get sued by the government like the banks did after 2008. Anyway, that's all to play for. On the cheery note, let's do crypto quickly. ETF. Hell yeah. That was a bit of justification after fucking ten years of fighting. But we got there, and ive explained it before. How I think of this is in two terms. One is anybody who was an investor in bitcoin in 2011 to twelve was like a series a investor, 2013 cycle, maybe series b, 20, 1516, series c, the last cycle, series d, weve just ipoed it. Usually when ipos happen in strong markets like this, it reminds me a lot of the late nineties and I was trading a lot then. I was at Goldman as well then. And what you found is after the ipo it would launch and it would be choppy as hell for a while. Sometimes it would sell off quite sharply. Facebook sold off really sharply as people took profits repositioned. Now dont forget a lot of people have front run this ETF so they were going to want to unwind. Many of those are going to switch to ETH that ive talked about before. They think, rightly so, that ETH is the most likely candidate for the next ETF. And if bitcoin went up 100% because of this ETF, ETH will go up 300% because its less liquid. Put the same amount of money in. Also theres a lot of people unwinding the GBTC arbitrage, closing that position, selling out, moving into a different ETF. There's a lot of shenanigans going on and you can see that with the net flows there was four and a half billion or whatever of total flows. Net flows are much smaller, 700 million or so. It's still the biggest ever ETF launches in history as the series. But it's all to play for and I want you to understand how this works is okay. All of the pre orders have now been filled. That was all of these ETF providers going to all of their clients begging them you need to do this, you need to do this, you need to do this. Everyones done that. Sure therell be some follow on next week. A lot of the GBTC guys are unwinding and that will go. Some will wait a few days, see if the market is stronger, whatever. So that goes on for a while. Youve then taken forward or brought forward. A lot of demand by the end of it. Maybe its a billion, maybe its 2 billion of demand youll have brought forward. So then whos the buyer? You've got the people who front around this who want to sell. So you're going to see volatility. And I've always reminded you guys in the do not fuck it up mantra, part of that is expect 30 35% pullbacks could be less, but just expect them. And that often happens when you get to this kind of 61.8% fibonacci level in the first leg of the bull run, it often corrects sharply. People get washed out, leverage is cleared out, and then the real run starts. And the real run is the run to all time highs. And beyond that usually starts around the halving. So im guessing theres maybe a month or two of chop and chop in crypto markets is down 30%, its just sideways chop so just be careful out there. I could be wrong, could keep sailing higher but it just feels like its trading a bit heavy and even if it does as a spurt higher, I dont think it makes much progress yet. Hey everyone, we're going to take a.
Speaker B: Quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back. As you know, crypto's on the bull run. We're transitioning from crypto spring to crypto summer. It's when things get exciting but it's when everybody loses their minds. And your one job in a gift of a bull market is not to fuck this up.
Speaker A: So one of the key ways of.
Speaker B: Not doing that is to educate yourself. And we passionately believe in education at real vision and one of the things we're doing for you which is absolutely free is we've got real visions crypto academy live which is two days of programming to help you not fuck it up and I think you're going to find it really valuable. And again, it's free. If you're interested in joining us and levelling up your knowledge, ready for the crypto bull market so you don't fuck it up, then join us. Realvision.com get ready.
Speaker A: It's as simple as that. It's free.
Speaker B: You get everything that you want. If you are a real vision member.
Speaker A: You get this already so you don't.
Speaker B: Need to do anything. Also if you are a crypto academy member it's also included in your package so you don't need to worry about that. Anyway realvision.com get ready and don't fuck this up.
Speaker A: But the CTF its going to attract people because the markets have been strong. Last year crypto bitcoin itself was 160%. That doesnt go unnoticed considering even the Nasdaq managed 50%. So its like three x the Nasdaq. But lets start with the Raas, the investment advisors and the financial advisors. Those guys arent on twitter. They have no idea what any of this is going on. All the drama that played out and the false tweet and all of that shit, that total goat rodeo, I dont know any of this. The first they will hear about this is when they pick up Barrons on Saturday morning with a cup of coffee and theyll go oh bitcoin, ETF and Barons will probably have some cynicism in the article lets assume. And theyre like well thats interesting but im not sure its for my clients. And they go about their business and then they go and see Jack, their big clients, on the golf course that weekend. And Jack says, hey, what do you think of the bitcoin ETF? And the RaA will repeat what he read in Barrons and what he saw on Fox News. Hes based in, lets call it Cincinnati, Ohio. And Jack will ask him, and hell feel a little bit silly. And then maybe next week, he starts reading a few more articles and a few more positive things come out of. Then he starts thinking, maybe I should do something about this. And a couple of other clients ask him. And eventually he goes and has his steak dinner with his other friend, Mark. Mark, who runs the entire franchise in Cincinnati. And Marks got tons of money and hes a bit racy and likes investments like this. And before you know it, he starts building an order book and getting his clients in. He can see theyre interested. Hes incentivized by the sales process and the commissions. And before you know it, hes mobilized. Its the same with all the rias. This takes time. Theyre not smiling. Oh, my God, theres a bitcoin eTF out. Lets all go. It doesnt work like that. Its a relationship business built over time. And this is all across the United States. Its not New York City in a dealing room. Its a very different world out there. So thats why it takes time. It's the same with any of the institutions who might be thinking about it. Some fund manager who thinks I can sneak it into my portfolio now, not tell my risk manager that I've got crypto, I'll just sneak it in as an equity and hope they don't find out. Same with hedge funds. So that's all to come. And that's why there tends to be this gap. So that's how I'm thinking about it right now. Also, my view, and I've made this very clear, is Solana is my favorite horse in the race of the big ones. I think the first phase is always bitcoin outperforming. Next is ethereum. It's this point in the cycle when the global liquidity turns higher. And when global liquidity turns higher and you've got a catalyst like the ETH ETF, it'll start picking steam. We saw that last couple of days. It was like, wow, okay. ETH is really trying to outperform. I think it bottomed on the massive ETh wedge chart that I put on Twitter yesterday. I think it will continue higher over time, and I think EtH massively outperforms bitcoin for the rest of the cycle. So thats the kind of flow is bitcoin eth Solana with Solana at the top of the pie. Again, I could be wrong. You dont need to follow my advice and my weightings and that kind of stuff and you will find whatever your bag is and you will be please dont shill me your bag. I dont really care and I'm not going to buy it because you've trying to fomo me into some $100 million token. It's just not going to happen. So don't do your bag and why I must look at your particular bag, I don't care. But good luck to you and hopefully you pick the next 100 x. That's not the game I'm trying to play here. Yes I have a small filthy degen bag on the side which I won't tell you what's in it because then I'll be accused of shilling. And Twitter is a gruesome, disgusting place of which everybody will try and lynch me if one of those tokens goes down. So im sticking with the big stuff. So thats the crypto idea number one. The other way of looking at it, you may have heard me talk about is the IPO idea. Yes its nice. It gives us some guidance of how these things trade contextually. But really, this is a trade deal between fiat world and cryptolande. And it's a trade deal because the capital that's flowing in to crypto land is not permanent residency. These are not migrants. If you remember population growth, GDP growth is population growth plus productivity growth plus debt growth. This is not population growth coming into crypto land. That has to be new wallets and actual self custody or on crypto exchanges and all of that stuff. This is a trade deal to allow tradfi land Raa in Cincinnati to get his clients across into this new world that has higher rates of return. The best example of this I can give you is China entering the WTO. That was a classic example of opening up a market that had much higher rates of return and absorbed huge amounts of capital over time. And I think crypto will absorb huge amounts of capital over time. But remember, these people are tourists. This is not even foreign direct investment FDI, that would be vc money. What this is is speculative. Hot money flows into this new economy and one day itll wash out again too. So be careful of that while we want to encourage them, while its going to help our ecosystem grow, while its going to create more capital, more opportunities. It'll move your bag as well. This is not permanent residency in our world. And so, yes, we welcome them with open arms, but remember, what we really want is a new financial system being built. Now, interestingly, you saw Larry Fink talking today on CNBC. I think it was not that I watched CNBC, but there was a clip and he was talking about, well, this is just the start because what we actually want to do is tokenize the entire financial industry and he's dead. Right. That is the migration of, sorry, it's one of the coconut, the surviving coconut girl doing whatever she does at this time, every time is bark. What I'm on one of these. So firms like Blackrock, Frank and Templeton Fidelity, these are currently, you think of these as fiat world companies that have set up offices in crypto land, much like many businesses like Apple set up in China. But what Larry is talking about is the migration, the eventual migration of the financial system into crypto land, which was my core thesis when I first found bitcoin in 2012, and has remained my thesis of where this is all going, amongst many of the other opportunities. So it's really interesting when you think of it in economic terms. These are economies. This is a digital economy of crypto land that has other states within it, bitcoin, Ethereum, Solana, whatever it may be. So that becomes very interesting. And you can think of even within that, you've got interoperable systems, stuff like whether it's Polkadot or quant or a whole bunch of these things allow or chain link interoperability. That's the travel, the border crossing from going from one of these nation states to another. We've got immigration, which is us opening wallets. We've got FDI, which is VC. We've got trade deals, which is hot money flows chasing opportunities within the country, which is the ETF. We have a monetary system, we have interest rate systems, which is the yields. We have a collateral system. You can call that bitcoin, you could even call eth collateral within the system because its used within borrowing and lending. Weve got asset markets, which is like nfts. Theres a lot more. Ive written extensively about this in global macro investor and also in real vision, pro Macro. Ive talked about this at depth, too. This is a new digital economy and its an emerging market and its the fastest growing market weve ever seen. So that's on the crypto markets. I'm trying to think if there's anything else really to talk about in markets. Bond yields. I still think come lower, driven by falling inflation over time and slower growth. And so I think that's fine. I'm looking down my screen, which is why I keep reaching over, see if there's anything else interesting. Banks. Talk about banks. They'll eventually, the regional banks will need a all of this commercial real estate being shoved off their balance sheet onto the fed balance sheet, which will be part of the QE or whatever they call it. This time around they'll find a different terminology to stuff stuff onto their balance sheet to pay the interest on the debts so they can roll the debt because there's far too much debt. And that all has to come in 2024, 2025. Which is why the whole stimulus machine starts coming. And Papa palace will do his best to appease his overlord. Who's Janet Yellen? These are not independent creatures anymore. They're all trying to do the same thing, which is manage this gigantic debt burden and also the baby boomer savings complex, because they can't let that go bust to the detriment of anybody younger. Save the old people, save the financial system, save the government borrowing. Everybody else can bend for themselves. Lovely world we live in. That's all part of the everything code thesis and the exponential age. What else are we looking at? There's not a lot going on. Oil markets up and down without the economy yet coming through the other side. It's not going to do anything. Same with copper, can't get out of its own way. Same with cyclical stocks, won't get out of their own way for a bit. Dollar should weaken over time. That should then eventually cause a bid to emerging markets and others. The only secular bull market in dollar terms of pretty much all of the major emerging markets is India, which I bleated endlessly on about. But India underperforms the Nasdaq. Nasdaq underperforms crypto. I choose to ride the fastest horse. If everything's fucking correlated, then what's the point of having a diverse portfolio? That's not for everybody. That's just how I see things. And I have the most concentrated portfolio I've ever had in my entire life because I think it's all one bet. And it depends on what your risk objectives are and how much risk you will accept for that reward. And everyone has a different objective here. So that's it on that. I don't do this for free. I'm not the entertaining monkey for you, so you just click the subscribe button if you're on YouTube. I would very much greatly appreciate it. Put in a comment saying, ralph's fucking great, I love him. That will help too. And also click the like. So let me just wait for you to do that. So that's the subscribe, the like and a comment. Ral's fucking great. Give me a second. No, you haven't done it yet. Come on. I can see. Okay, good. Thank you for that. I appreciate it. I'm cheap. I'm a cheap date. I'm being paid in subscriptions and likes for zero cost. Obviously, there's a lot more in real vision and stuff around that. Talking of real vision, a big thing for everybody. If you have not, and you're watching this and you have not subscribed to Real Vision, the free platform, you get the amazing platform of real vision with all of the videos, the transcripts, the AI, the note taking ability, the global map of being able to connect with members around the world and all of the features coming. You're literally fucking insane if you've not done it. It's free and it's a lot better than watching on YouTube. I cannot express much better. It is. So please just go to realvision.com and do the thing you're supposed to do, because that's where you'll get the full experience. I've spent the whole year almost going bankrupt trying to build this damn thing for you guys. So please feel free to use it. Remember, and add an incentive, if you sign up now via the code realvision.com free mint, you can also mint a free don't fuck this up NFT. And the reason for that? NFT. So you can't get the NFT unless you sign up for the free platform. The NFT is on Solana. It's absolutely free. It's not there to have value, but it'll be the most valuable NFT you've ever fucking had. The reason being is every time you go in your wallet to do something stupid, it'll be looking at you and I will be in your wallet, a video of me saying, don't fuck this up. Hey, everyone, we're going to take another.
Speaker B: Quick break and hear a word from our partners, and then we'll be right back. All of us together are living through the death of an old world and the birth of a new one. This is a fourth turning. But this is not the foreturning of demographics or politics. This is the birth of the new technological age. This new world has a world of 3d printed rockets, crypto payments in space, discussions on the rights for humanoid robots, machine intelligence that may outperform our own simulated worlds where autonomous AI agents write code for other autonomous AI agents. It's a world full of opportunity and full of difficulty, too. You see, we are living history, and it's happening much, much faster than any of us can comprehend. This is Reid's law, Metcalfe's law squared. Humanity has never gone through anything like this, but we have to comprehend and understand what is happening. It is into this world that the exponentialist is born. The exponentialist is a new service from me, Raoul Pal, and David Matin, author of New World, same humans. It's an almanac of the fastest period of change ever witnessed in the human history. A period of excitement, exhilaration, difficulty and terror. And the exponentialist really is for humans first and investors second. Yes, the opportunities are enormous all round. To find out more and get our special launch pricing, go to realvision.com. the future.
Speaker A: No FOMO, no leverage, self custody or custody in multiple places. Just do the right things. Don't just trade on any 100 x coin. Have an allocation which is like 90% core large crypto, 10% for degenerate. Do anything you want in that because then it'll all go to zero. You'll prove to yourself that you actually shit at this game and buying holding works. But if you want to prove to yourself how shit you are, please have 10% to do that and then laugh at your bag of shrapnel by the next time we go through the cycle. I've got a bag of shrapnel. I'm no better than you guys. I just know that buying and holding. So realvision.com free mint sign up to the platform. That way you get the don't fuck this up NFT. It comes out in the 24th or something, so you've got a bit of time to do it. We're putting the wrong link. Realvision.com dot it's freemint. And you'll find that you get that just extra goody. There's also a whole video from myself and Julian Bittle, who works with global macro investor, is my chief head of macro research. He and I have a long conversation about macro and crypto. That's all there. So when you sign up, you'll see that you can also get to engage with parts of the crypto academy and other parts of the education if you're not a crypto user. But anyway, go to that. That's one pitch. The other thing is, by the way, if you do that or anybody who's in real vision, you're about to get for a month my and Julian Bittles macro investing tool for free. So this is incredibly useful tool for anybody who knows the business cycle matters but doesn't know how to use it, how to make these charts of the ISM versus the S and P, how to know what goes up in what part of the cycle. What cycle are we in? Is it macro, spring, crypto, summer, all of that stuff. This tool is idiot proof because Julian built it for me. And so it's idiot proof. It tells you which cycle we're in. What are the things that should be moving this cycle? It's not a trading model. It's an asset allocation tool. It's to give you that support and comfort. You're making the right decision. Should I be doing this now? It will kind of say probably not or definitely yes. It's not infallible. It's not supposed to be for trading. It's for you to have that backstop for your confidence. And there's like weekly newsletters that show you where we are to keep you up to date. And Julian does an ask me anything video to help explain so you understand the cycle and how you can make it work for you. This is what my secret code was from GMI for 20 years. It's what Julian saw from me back in 2015 when he started building this at a giant swiss asset manager, where they use this for the asset allocation. We use this model for exponential age asset management. As for our top down asset allocation for the fund of digital hedge funds. So digital asset crypto hedge funds, we use this model to do that. We've just got a few more features on the crypto side, but it includes crypto in it. It'll tell you when should be reducing risk. In crypto, it is the single most useful thing everybody should have access to. That's the macro investing tool, and it's free for everybody, including real vision free users. So when you sign up to the realvision.com or the free mint thing, you get this pro crypto, pro all access RVIP, you've got it full time forever. Everyone else gets it for a month. Pro crypto, sorry, pro macro, pro crypto, you've got it for a three month trial as well. So you can really get your teeth stuck in. See the seasons changing how it works out for you. And you too, will become a macro master. Everybody using this will become a macro master. It's just a hack anyway. It's free, so knock your fucking socks off. I'm trying to help as many people as possible. Navigate this. It's kind of part of the how to unfuck your future. And also don't fuck this up. So there's a tool. Enjoy it. To find it, you go to the data center. I'm going to really piss Brian off and share my screen. No, that was me turning my camera off. You see, I don't know what I'm doing. So if I go to my real vision. That's a handsome man. Now I don't know who that is, but if we go to the data center and go to the macro tool. Okay. Last updated today, it tells you all about the secular trends, the macro seasons, where we are in the seasons. Real time calculate, well real time. Its published about monthly because the data is monthly. What the main leading indicators that I talk about the business cycle dominoes, whats lagging, whats leading, and then finally the asset allocation tool to tell you what you should be thinking anyway, im not plugging it in because nobody is paying for it. Its all free. I just want to help you. But you'll love it so much you'll end up paying for it afterwards anyway. Okay, that's the end of all of that plugging. The next part is where the chaos starts and that's you guys asking me questions. So I am just going to open up my real vision again because I've now just closed it by mistake. Go to this video and see your questions. Okay. Alex Riddle im just randomly reading between the chat and the comment section. Alex Riddle Ral when cycle is near end, do you sell your bags and rotate into bitcoin? I didnt do any selling this time around. I kept with what I did and then added and its worked phenomenally well. And then I did the asset switch from eth to Solana. I probably wouldnt go, I dont know what im going to do yet. I actually dont know. Ill probably certainly take some lifestyle chips off because I've been in the, you know, it's not an easy fucking trade and I've run it now for a few years. So I'd take some lifestyle trip chips off in 2025 and run the rest and maybe reallocate. Who the hell knows. Too early to tell my friend. Too early to tell. John san. I've now got 78 comments and I've lost. John. John, I'm sure your comment was the most important one. John Ayers. Fucking great. I don't know really what realize what that is? Rich Dale rallies. Fucking great. So don't fuck this up you fucking fuckers. I'm sorry, I do swear a lot. I don't have kids, my wife's from New Jersey and I'm English. It's destined to swear. We probably swear. I probably swear almost as much as the Australians do, but I'm not quite sure. Yeah, I know. Tad Smith. Tad, I'm sorry. I know there's too much swearing. I appreciate and maybe I'm getting overexcited about the party, so I won't be very excited by tomorrow. Let's realize that, ok? OK. Jonathan D. Raoul with bitcoin ETF's being approved. Sorry, my bloody email keeps piling in. I'm a very, very popular person, I'll have you know. Raoul with bitcoin ETF's being approved and expected increase in liquidity. Macro regime shows switching to summer feels like a great opportunity to increase exposure to crypto. Im curious what I may be overlooking or should I monitor closely. I agree with you. What would be the icing on the cake if youre not fully allocated? Im obviously up to my eyeballs in crypto allocations. But if you werent, if youre a little more sensible than I, then you should buy. If wed get a sell off or a sideways consolidation that I was talking about, this is a gift of opportunity. John san asking again, the macro tool. Yes. Go to the data center. All there. It's free. Everybody can do it. Chicken mcDugget. I love that. Raoul. I hear you talk about monetizing the debt and often find myself nodding in agreement until I realize I have no idea what that means. Do you think I do? I don't know. Can you? Too long doesn't rain. Monetize debt. Yes. So pretty straightforward. You're in debt Mister Chicken, and you've got to pay your credit card bill at the end of the month. And what you do is borrow money to pay the credit card bill. Now your debt keeps getting bigger, obviously because you're using debt to pay the interest on the debt. But governments, they've got another little trick up their sleeve because unfortunately I've checked, my HP printer next to me doesn't print money, unfortunately. But the governments have an HP printer that does print money and it's the money printer goes brrrr is monetization of the debt. What it means is I print money and buy my own debt. That's monetizing debt. And what that does is debase the currency, the purchasing power of the currency versus scarce and fixed assets. So that's monetization of debt and it's basically cheating. It means that governments, unlike you, and I don't have to pay their debts. Now, if you're a small economy like Argentina or Venezuela, well, those chickens, Mister chicken McDougget, come home to roost. Like your chicken would come home to roost if you kept borrowing money to pay your credit, cardinal. But if you're the world's reserve currency, you can do what the fuck you like. And if you're the British, you can pretty much get away with it. The Europeans, almost certainly the Japanese. Oh yeah, you've got all the savings in the world. Do what you want. The Chinese, yeah, who's going to stop you? So that's what happens. Governments can get away with it. They did it to stop the biggest financial crisis of our times turning into the Great Depression. And now they've realized it's the only answer they've got. So it's a very long answer to your question. Okay. Hi, Raoul. I understand cowbell inflates asset prices. For those of you who don't know, you can always ask the AI bot what cowbell is, but cowbell is stimulus comes from the Saturday night sketch. What makes it increase asset prices relative to goods? I think this is important because the latter will turn to inflation and probably less liquid. Less liquidity? Yes. Really crucial. When you debase the currency, only things of value retain value, fixed assets, and that is art, wine, crypto equities, high end real estate, these kind of things, the things that the rich people own apart from crypto, because everybody can. It's the first democratized scarce asset. Finally, gold. Gold does well, too well. It does worse than it should do. But that is what debasement does. It devalues it against valuable things. Unfortunately, as humans, we're not valuable. Our wages don't go up in line with monetization of debt. Debasement is happening at a pace of, on average, about 15% of the year in the United States, while wages rise more in line with GDP or just inflation itself. Nobody gets ahead. So what happens is asset prices go up and wages don't. Why do goods not go up? This is the confusion everybody has. It's printing money. It's inflation. It's asset price inflation, goods inflation. Well, these are variable inputs. You can make more of this stuff. Variable stuff is not as valuable, and variable stuff therefore doesn't get adjusted because you're not adjusting the demand in the economy. It's not actually people buying more things. Really what it is, it's just a monetary trick. So it doesn't move these variables because there's no extra demand you're not booming the underlying economy. Youre just changing the asset price versus its denominator. Brian, what hat is on backwards today? I cant remember, but hes definitely got backwards hats on today. I dont know if hes even got hair anymore. Who knows? Dont fuck this up is definitely trending. Tad, you know its true, right? I think everybody, it resonates a lot with everybody. It's humorous, but I do it on purpose. I try and purposely communicate this stuff in ways that people understand and find humorous, so it sticks in people's minds. And this is, on a serious note. The world. I am very optimistic about many, many things, particularly the world of investing. And what confuses people is I am optimistic because I think it's absolutely fucked. We've broken the global economy, we've broken financial markets, we've broken trust. And that means that more liquidity is the only answer to drive this beast. And that drives markets higher. Now, when we go out towards 2030 and beyond, I don't even know what the world's going to look like anymore. I honestly, I spent my whole life living in the future, and I do not know. The disruption of AI, robots, genetics, abundant near free energy, all of the things that are coming, I think it just completely changes. It's a singularity event for economies as well as humanity. And I think it might change economies first. I don't know what businesses even survive, what new businesses are, what the business models are. I know nothing. And that's an honest answer. So I do know we've got one or two cycles left of the everything code, because we can't avoid the everything code because nobody can pay the debts, and in which case the whole system collapses, which they won't do, because the baby boomers need to retire, and they're trying to support the baby boomers savings complex and the government itself. They can't raise taxes to pay for the bills because nobody's got any money. And politics are too fragile right now to raise taxes, so they just clip the coins instead, which is debasement of currency. And there's only two assets that outperform the debasement of currency. And I talked about this ad infinitum, and that is technology stocks and crypto. And crypto is the fastest source in the race. And now why don't fuck this up is because neither of those two assets particularly easy to own, because they're volatile, they want and people hate them. People whisper in your ear all day long. They mock you on twitter, they tell you you're stupid. You shouldn't do this. You shouldn't do this. Buy my value investing stock. You should buy the Russell 2000. You should diversify, my friend. And meanwhile, we've got probably two cycles less. Two cycles less left to not fuck this up again, apologize for all the swearing, but this is actually important. Two cycles to not fuck this up. This is your chance, and these are the only chances we're going to get. I won't be right in everything that I do. The everything code seems directionally pretty right. It will at some point be somewhere wrong. We will see where we go. But I think overall, generally on a macro secular theme, I'm usually nothing wrong. The paths they can change. So anyway, so don't fuck this up is important. It's trying to teach you how not to get shaken out, because if you get shaken out, you'll miss the last chance. Or the last chances we get, there will be a down cycle in the middle. You need to understand how that's going to work. And then finally, really at the end of it, we should have unfucked our futures. And again, it's a humorous thing. It's nice to talk about, nice to drop in, but it's actually really serious about unfucking your futures. If you're young or if you're old, you've got a real problem on your hands. I can see that by the retirement crisis video got viewed 4 million times online. Because it's a stress point for people. If you're young, it's like, God, I've got student debts, I'm 35 years old, I've got student debts, I've got two kids now. I've got married, I've had to move out of New York City or whatever city. I'm worried about job security. How's everything going to change? How am I going to save? I'm putting money in my 401K doesn't seem to pay for a house. How am I ever going to pay for a house? These are the answers. This is why the millennial population are drawn to crypto hugely and rightly so, because they want and need that risk to give them a chance to do what their parents had. And that's why they're drawn to technology investing. And even in option investing, if you're doing that, if you're doing standard investing in your four hundred one k and with your discretionary side, you're trying to get ahead by taking these wilder bets, I think that's a pretty sensible investment strategy. I have no issue with that whatsoever. So anyway, Andrew Warcochemental. Any news about Solana? How's fire dancer doing? I don't actually know. I mean, it's in beta. I haven't heard anything. We've not seen anything online that anything's going wrong. So I presume that beta is moving ahead and by the summer it'll come out Lucia, or Lucia August Ralph from an american expat now living in the UK. I'm sorry, the isle of Muddy. It's a lovely place for a weaker year. How can we in the UK, access ETF's in the exponentialist portfolio. So the exponentialist, for those of you who don't know, is the service that I put together with David Matin, who writes the technology side of global macroinvestor, expanding on my major themes. We have a portfolio, recommended portfolio. Lucia. I think the answer is it doesnt have to be blindly copied. If you cant do it in the UK, if you cant get Ark, well, then go and use scottish mortgage trust. Those guys are very smart. Theyve been on real vision. Theyre the big technology mutual fund in the UK. You can do it that way. Just use what ive put and try and do it. If not, find a brokerage account, interactive brokers or whoever that gives you access to us stocks. I think that's probably a more important lesson. Okay, this is when I have that gormless face when I'm looking across Jorge Rojas. Raul. You spelt my name wrong. You're Spanish. You spelled my bloody name wrong. Even though it's the french spelling, the IPO analogy deserves a grimona. Thank you, my friend. Ramona, for those of you who don't know, is what is my favorite carver grower, which is spanish sparkling wine grower. I'm looking forward to today's food and drink section. We don't have one today. Well, actually, I've given you enough and I'm still drinking my hibiscus tea. And also, if anybody knows anybody at La Croix, I would like somebody to sponsor my show. And I probably drink more La Croix on screen than any other human being alive. And I think it's time that Lacroix reached out. I don't know who owns them now. It's probably Pepsi or somebody reached out and said, we'd love to sponsor you, Raoul. You are exactly who we want. Some swearing buffoon living in the Caribbean who entertains people online by talking about the end of the world and how we can profit from it. If you are from La Croix, you know who to sponsor. We'd love to do it. Or Le Roi, if you're french. Okay, I'm going back to the top. I'm going to keep reading comments like this because my wife never says them. Jeffrey Mussat Ral is fucking great. We love him. I appreciate that greatly. Tad, you're having a little too much fun on the platform today. You're supposed to be working. Raoul, does any of the recent news about Musk give you any pause on Tesla being the best AI public marketplace? Also, what are your thoughts on microstrategy versus the bitcoin ETF? I'm not confusing you for Jim Cramer. Thank you. Ted. I still think Tesla is the stock for 2024. I admit it trades like shit right now. Again, we have to ignore all of the noise around Elon Musk. This company sells more ev cars, is further in self driving, further in robotics and further in AI than any company in the world, particularly that nexus. So they best represent the exponential age. So anything about Musk, I think, is a sideshow. It may hurt the stock. Really? What's going on with the stock? Tesla is two companies. One is a technology company. And that is why it did very well last year from the lows, because it's following all the other tech stocks. It's forward looking based on the forward looking economy. However, right now, the current economy, where ism is today, is low. That's when car companies build up inventories and people don't sell enough stuff and it's a real battle. So they've got that dichotomy. Car company, technology company. Now, if I'm right about 2024, then we'll see the ISM pickup and then we'll have more car sales, lower inventories and a technology story. And that's why I think that double whammy makes it a very attractive play. So I'm not sure, tad, if there's any issue here with Musk overall, we will see microstrategies versus bitcoin ETF wire microstrategies. I dont really understand. It was a bitcoin proxy. I think it probably traded a discount to its holdings. Now, yes, I understand theres a cash flowing business within it, but its been a dying or stagnant business for a while. This is no bad thing about Michael Saylor, but I just dont see why a proxy like that should trade like it does. Its like GBTC started trading at huge discount, so I actually think it trades at a discount to its holdings over time. Im not sure. So I prefer the ETF. I would just pure play ETF. Do that if thats what you need. But tad, id be embarrassed if youre buying ETF's, because I know you and you should be owning it in your own wallet. Okay, guy Edwards, im all in and irresponsibly long. And if you remember, that came with caveats, too. That was basically the same dont fuck this up thing I was yesterday for the ETF launch wearing irresponsibly long t shirt, which I hadn't worn. Raymond vast get the pro all access. Totally worth it. Yeah. Any of you watching? This is in real vision going to the marketplace, the new marketplace. There's an unbelievable deal for pro access for three months. It's kind of like a life hack to get you all set up to understand everything and you cancel after that if you don't want it. But you'll get all of the big stuff just at this very important macro stuff. Paul English save the old people. What does this mean? Yeah, it's a good question. Paul. There are 76 million baby boomers in the United States alone. They are all retiring. They are all holders of equity, not bonds. In Europe, they're bondholders. So they're basically safe. And Europe's got a welfare state, but it means that government spending in Europe goes up to pay for it. In the US, theres lesser welfare state. And most of these people have been in equities. Now what you cant have is a retired population living off their savings and the equity market halving, because then youve halved the wealth of the most wealthy cohort in the world. The damage itll do to your economy, it will never recover from. That is why Janet came in and stepped in with her liquidity when the S and P was down 25% last year. That tells you where the government put is, let alone the Powell put. That's the government put. It's like no more. We can't allow these people to lose their life savings because they are the largest pool of savings. So if you are massively indebted, what do you do? You make sure youre best friends with the people who lend you money. Thats the baby boomers via the pension system and other stuff. Okay, I am going to wrap soon because ive got 60 people coming. David Thompson, any idea how much BTC OTC suppliers out there? Seems like ETF's are going to burn through the OTC supply? OTC supply is just large pools of liquidity sourced by other people and it's over the counter, not listed on exchange. The dog is scratching at my door endlessly. She's driving me nuts. So really, it's like a firm like galaxy. They will provide pricing. They will then go and hedge it in the market. So there's no such thing as this OTC pool. It's just where you go to get somebody to find all. And source all the risk for you that you're requesting. Ian Dunn, do you play golf at all? If so, what's your handicap? You don't know me very well. I absolutely hate golf. I hate everything about it. Any golf club that wants me as a member, I don't want to be a member of. It's just wearing slacks at a check vested and some polish shirt tucked in. Just. No. Everything with golf is awful. Everything. Every single part of it. So I know that's a contentious thing, but the last time I played golf was 20 years ago. I walked off the golf course, threw my bags, threw my clubs into a bin and said, that's it. Never again. I hated it. Okay, I'm going to random and final question. Raoul. Have you. Frank Anthony. Okay, it's a good question. Nick Carrere. Sorry, that's Nick from real vision. Where was my invite? Nick, I'm planning on something to get you over here, so just shut up. I'll make. I'm looking after you, don't worry. Frank Anthony, Raoul. Have you considered putting the Bontra back on? No, because I've now come round to the fact that everything is a suboptimal expression of the same trade. And the trade is liquidity, and the optimal expression is crypto and technology. And so I would rather put risk capital into that trade than the bond trade. And a lot is priced into the bond market. So I just don't think it's as attractive. I just think I. What do I rather do? Make a decent rally. 30, 40% rally in the bond market and go, well, that's great. 30% rally. Let's say, unbelievably good year in bonds versus five x in Solana or whatever it'll do next year. Ten x. I did ten x last year. Whatever. It's just like none of it compares. Just none of it compares. So I just don't do it. I will let you know if I'm. If I think it's a good trade, won't mean that I will do it. Okay, sorry, final question before my wife shoots me some question about verve that's promoting your bags, which we don't do here. Okay, everybody, I think that is it for today. It was a cheeky 50 minutes. Supposed to be half an hour. I hope you've enjoyed it. I hope I've helped you explain stuff. I hope you understand a bit more of the don't fuck this up and how to unfuck your future. I think you should go. As I said, go onto the platform, realvision.com freemint if you want the free NFT of don't fuck this up to remind you it'll be looking at you and your wallet all day telling you to behave yourself. If you don't. You don't care about crypto, you don't want an NFT realvision.com comma, go to the free platform. There's tons of good stuff for you there. If you're watching on YouTube and you are so damn lazy that you can't bother to type realmision.com, then just put subscribe like and a comment saying Raoul's fucking great. Anyway, that's all for me. Have a phenomenal weekend. I'm sorry for all the swearing as ever and toodle pip.
Speaker B: I've had an idea for the last three years. Something's been in my head and it's taken me a long time to get there, but now it's coming. The real vision marketplace. The idea behind the marketplace is all.
Speaker A: Of the people that you know and.
Speaker B: Love, the research companies, we can all feature them on real vision on the platform to make it easy for you to find the research that you want from third parties that have trusted sources. We curate this marketplace specifically for you from your requests. And what's also amazing is because this is real vision and there's a whole bunch of us, we get to negotiate incredible special discounts for real vision members. So it's a really unique way to build your financial world where you can get the research that you want from all different sources that you trust, all in one place. And this is just the start of where we're going. So go to realvision.com marketplace, check it out and see what's going to work for you. How to leverage the best talent in the world, the brightest minds to create the biggest opportunities for 2024 and beyond.
Speaker A: Enjoy it.
Speaker C: We hope you enjoyed this episode. At real vision, we arm you with expert knowledge, time efficient tools and a powerful network to help you succeed on your financial journey. Get a taste of financial freedom with our free offer@realvision.com. free. That's realvision.com free.
