Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30. 30, baby get 30, baby get 20. 2020, baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month, so give.
Speaker A: It a try at Mint mobile.com switch.
Speaker C: $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: Hey, everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall. To get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance, visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year, join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. And now into today's episode of Ralph Real Vision.
Speaker E: Hey, everyone. Welcome to the I don't know what the fuck I'm doing summer edition. As you know, I am put Brian Caputo and Peter Cooper, who you can't see, just kind of leave me on my own. There's no maggie, there's no flunkies. There's nothing. It's just me trying to figure out what the hell to do and how the hell to entertain you guys. So what that usually requires is a drink. It's hot as balls here in Cayman right now. So I'm having a tall, cool campari, as opposed to just with soda. I've got orange Lacroix, which is fantastic. Gives that light bitterness that you have to have with it. Now, obviously, I know I'm speaking to a lot of Americans who don't understand civilization, but you cannot have a drink without a snack. So today I have almonds from Valencia again, this time with the salt. It's sea salt, the mold and sea salt. Salt matters. Can't just put your usual bloody iodized salt. It's shit. Civilization counts around here. So cheers. Before we start, it's a delicious campari. It was actually reminding me, dinner last night, and I went with some friends. And this is, you know, that's an aperitivo, right? That's what you have before dinner. It gets your appetite working. You might have a cocktail. Some people like a martini or a whiskey sour or whatever it is. But then this is, again, where civilization falls apart. When you go for dinner, you stop drinking cocktails. That is for tramps. What you do over dinner is you drink a glass of wine. You drink wine and then you have a digestif after dinner. You cannot simply go through dinner like a friend of mine did last night, drinking. I can't remember. It wasn't a whiskey, Sal. It was a Manhattan. I'm like, you're a philistine. You cannot do that with food. You can have a snack with. It has to be before dinner anyway. So we need to teach you guys civilization here on real vision, because it's an important part of all of our education in life. Okay, how am I going to try and add any value at all to you today? Well, I'm going to answer your questions as ever, and they can be about anything. I can give you travel advice, food, drink, wine, markets, anything. It may be completely terrible advice, so bear that in mind. Quick. My views on markets and where we are, I mean, really is a summer lull right now. Everybody's on bloody holiday. Everybody on Twitter is still in. All the Americans from Greece and Italy this year. All the Europeans are, as ever, in Spain. The rest of the degens are in Ibiza. And it's not until, I think, european kids get back in September. And obviously we're waiting for the Labor Day holiday. So markets are just sloppy. There's nothing really going on. There's no new money around. Everybody's in the Hamptons. All of that kind of stuff is going on. So you have to be patient in summer markets. And usually once you start getting through August, September, things start kicking off. The things that I'm looking to kick off are as rates have been decoupling from the market. So I actually got stopped out of my bond trade. Finally I got out of that bloody pain. It was terrible position because bonds basically decoupled from the business cycle. This time around, it's nothing to do with inflation. It's actually to do with liquidity because of how the Fed are, sorry, the treasury issuing so many new bonds to pay the interest on the bonds because rates are so high, they're doing it in the bills market. That's draining the, the reverse repo, but it's still flowing through into the rest of the bond market. And yields have been rising. That whole process has started pushing the banks lower again. So I'm keeping my eye on that. My view has been, and it's not a precondition, but my view has been that we're likely to see the bank starting to fall. I'm looking at, for example, I put on Twitter, the long term chart of Citibank. Looks like the cliff of death. Looked like all the european banks did. I've been looking at bank of America, doesn't look great. And then the regional banking index, the KrE. So that would be a tipping point that would start changing the equation. What else can uncouple markets? Well, the bond yield issue in itself could uncouple markets. But what it's telling me is we're getting closer to more cowbell, that point where the Fed have to go. Oh, and that happened last time, if you remember, in December 2018, when suddenly the repo market broke and the Fed was like, were stopping QE Qt and were not going to hike anymore. And then they started cutting six, nine months later were in that phase, I think. Lets see what Jackson Hole has. Powell still thinks hes Volker and its ridiculously different environment, but thats what they want to believe right now. So my guess is that the payback for this is I think they're going to undershoot inflation. So I'm strongly of the opinion inflation is well below 2%, maybe even as low as zero by the end of the year. And that's been my call for a while now. And I think core inflation goes to zero by summer to this time next year. So I think we've got all of the inflation dominoes to play out from the GMI business cycle dominoes we have. I think a rise of unemployment will come over this period. I don't think it's going to be huge because there's some complications in the labor market as people are leaving the labor market, et cetera. And so, and I think rents are coming down, all of that stuff. So what we're likely to see is the Fed going, oh my God, sorry, we've undershot, which gives them the COVID to cut rates, which they need to do because they cannot pay the interest on the debt. At these levels ongoing, theyve got about 13 trillion of debt to roll over, plus new issuance. They need to get rates lower and they need to then monetize the interest payments. Thats part of the everything code thesis, those of you whove been following along at home. So the everything code thesis suggests that Q four is going to be when this start of action starts happening and maybe Qt stops. Maybe we get a rate cut, maybe we dont, but we start flagging it and then we start to see, I think, another leg of the economic slowdown. I think were actually bouncing out the forward looking indicators of ISm. All of this stuff ive been talking about in pro macro on real vision, thats where you get all the juicy stuff. So you guys watching this? Most of you arent pro macro subscribers so you dont get all of the research that I put together, but we do a lot of stuff and thats suggesting that we are going to see a sharp economic rebound that was forecasted by liquidity and the GMI financial conditions index. It is starting to slow down a bit because of these yields and the dollar stabilizing. And so that suggests that Q one next year so we might get a pickup in growth at the end of this year. Now that wont come into GDP. GDP has lagged. Everything kind of lags in there. GDP should be weaker in Q four. I know that the Cleveland Fleda bed up this ridiculous 5.9% number. That'll go away, but we should see GDP low. But the forward looking indicators, stuff like ism start to pick up and then we might get another slowdown within Q one. But I think at that point the market is more focused on the Cowbell more stimulus, et cetera. And then we're into the full election year. And the full election year is Cowbell Central because then you've got stimulus to try and bribe the voters, rate cuts to bribe the voters, the use of the balance sheet to try and not get the treasury to end up with ridiculous debts on there, trying to issue ridiculous amounts of bonds and the market not be able to do it, and crowding out the private sector. Sorry, I'm speaking very fast because there's a lot in the everything code and I can't really get it across in a very short thing. Anyway, all to play for Q four when it gets interesting. Everyone needs to get back from holiday and then we can see from there. So wet the whistle. Let's get into some questions. I'm going to randomly pick people. I'm only going to ask questions. I know this is on YouTube and LinkedIn and probably Twitter. I'm only going to ask questions on the real vision platform. So if you are members, pop across to that real vision daily briefing is free. You can't actually sign up for real vision right now because we've closed the doors on everybody while we're just rolling out the new platform. It's an extraordinary new platform that we're building which should change the game for everybody. The first iteration comes out to members in a couple of weeks time and it's based around this magic formula that knowledge times tools times network equals success. So knowledge is the information that you receive. You turn information into knowledge, then you use the tools available, whether it's pricing, charting, portfolio tools that starts getting you towards wisdom, which is when you've got knowledge that you can apply in ways that you understand. And then the final part of the equation is network, which is a multiplier. We've built this incredible network tool so people can connect with each other around the world. We've got this incredible sub communities within real vision, people sharing ideas, getting together in real life, and digitally discussing, debating. I mean, it's incredible. So all of that is to come. So we close the doors because we need to deal with onboarding our existing members and get them across the line in cohorts, because there's a lot of people to get through on this. We're gonna have bugs and stuff that everybody needs that we haven't got, right? And all of this, and you'll be shouting me on Twitter to say, it's all broken, and we need to go through that dance. And eventually we'll get there and you'll realize that this is the start of what we're building, and we've got iteration after iteration, improvement, new features coming on an endless, like, two week sprint cycle. So exciting stuff, right? So, questions, actually. Zane tan. Love all the wine and snacks. Knowledge from Ral, civilization, I'm telling you, is more important. This is why we go to work. We learn to be civilized human beings and have a quality of life. So thank you, Zain. I appreciate that. I'm just trying to help you all. Cause I know most of you are kind of in North America and you don't really have a clue. And the Aussies, I mean, fucking hopeless. So we need to get you up the learning curve. Paul English what is this, the food Vision Network? Well, you know, sometimes it is, sometimes it isn't. Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless how do they get 30? 30, baby, get 30 bid to get 20 2020 to 20, 2015.
Speaker A: Just $15 a month, so give it a try@mintmobile.com.
Speaker C: Switch $45 up front for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited. More than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker E: David Kelly afternoon, Ral. How do you see real yields playing out? Well, real yields are a real issue. They're too damn high. I mean, they're super high right now, and that is going to continue to erode inflation and economic growth going forward. So my view is that countries high in debt cannot run long term positive real yields and that the trend rate of real yield is probably negative 1%. So I think in the next cycle, we go back to trend rate of real yields, and I think that is the only way you can get around an aging population with massive debts. And we see that all over the world. So I think what were seeing now is an aberration and not the trend. I understand that most people think the opposite, but hey, it takes two to tango somebody. Ashish, youre talking about bloody Cheetos and Doritos again. None of that shit. We've warned you all. No pringles today. Yeah, none of that. Good. Raoul. Ever consider going back to revisit old episodes of the journeyman? It'd be great to hear your thoughts on the interview with Felix Zulau from. You know, it would be lovely if you can make three of me, because I just don't have time, so I just bring Felix back. I don't really get a chance. Grant Williams and I used to do this on the podcast where we go and review some old content. It is a lovely idea, but sadly, I just don't have the time to be able to do it. It'd be fine if I did one interview a week and I didn't have a day job of running all of real vision, trying to build a new platform, and then I asked a management company and macro research shop and all of the other things that I do. I would love to. So I'm sorry I can't add the value. Um, okay. Sorry. You'll also get used to these. Where I have the gormless face thread, where I'm going, I can't think without my tongue out. So you get that as I'm trying to read something at the same time. I don't know why I do it, but my wife says it's endearing. I think she's lying. Raoul. John Kitchener. I'd love to hear your thoughts on Citi. I don't know, but I've used these very long term charts of banks since the european crisis in 2012, and I've called it the cliff of death. And one by one, many of these banks have gone over the cliff of death, and they need to be bailed out. What? It was the italian banks, the spanish banks, the german banks, the swiss banks, and there still seems to be an ongoing rolling thing. It's like the broken banking system globally, and Citibank is one of those, it just looks like that it never recovered. I mean, it just fell like a stone and then has been trading sideways ever since. And that cliff or that plateau feels like it just wants to jump off that. So I don't really know what. Well, we know why rates are too high. The yield curve's inverted, the banking system's not fully functioning, et cetera, et cetera. So there's a lot of reasons why not to like banks, but cyclically at this point, they should start to improve once the yield curve improves. You know, banks aren't always negative. And as soon as we start to get the yield curve steepening and rates coming, then banks tend to do okay. So that's usually fine. Okay, more questions. More questions. Barry cormier. So we're back to the food guide. I'm sorry. For those of you who want the macro alpha, sometimes it's the food alpha. What's your favorite restaurant in Grand Cayman? My favorite restaurant in Grand Cayman is Tilly's at Palm Heights, which is an incredible kind of ultra boutique hotel we've got here. A friend of mine owns it, and the restaurant is fabulous. It is kind of like, and only some people will understand this, but it's like, what would a hotel or restaurant be if princess Market were in the Caribbean in the 1970s? It's got this kind of vintage luxury. Cool. It's just everything about it is amazing. Even the menu has a bunch of this, like, baked alaska and, like, flambed steak Diane. But then there's lots of different types of food as well. It's just a really bloody good place. So I'm there a lot. In fact, I was there on Tuesday night. Last night I went to Aria, which is like a Mediterranean, Middle Eastern Spanish. So they do incredible squid ink paella out of Negro. They do a lovely meze platter with great mutable hummus and other bits and pieces. So I did that last night with some boys, which was fun. Trillinex, macro. Raoul. Do you think the bear steeping will last? And will we see 5% on ten year yields by the winter? Listen, there's a risk. There's a risk that we do see the final squeeze to 5%, which is the point where the fed really are forced to do something. So, look, yeah, I definitely think it's a risk. It's one of the reasons I closed my bond trade out, that painful, terrible, wrong bond trade that I've had for a while. I finally took off the pain its like take off a band aid its so nice. Oh my God. Finally the pain can go away because ive done really really really well in equities done really well in crypto this year. Nailed those and completely fucked up bonds so when you can get it off your mind. So I dont care about it anymore its much better. But yes I think the 5% is possible. Maybe I have had to sacrifice my position to the market gods which im very used to doing which is when you close out your stop loss at the high because you have to. Because the market gods demand their sacrifice and I shall be that sacrifice. So maybe its that we dont know yet. Well find out the steepening. Well if it continues to 5% the steepening will continue and then well get the bull steepening after that. So I think its all part of the process. So yeah I think thats right. Okay now the gormless face as I'm reading again, just remember that question about Chainlink. Don't really know what are your top three trades? John, Floyd, Jon my trades? I'm not a trader really. I think you've probably figured that out by now. My time horizons are very long. So for me it is number one crypto over my time horizon. Let's just use this business cycle not even going further without lets say over the next into end of 2025. I think crypto is the best performing asset in the world. I think technology stocks are number two and number three. Tricky. Could be something commodity related. Copper. Lets go with copper. So thats what I think. I don't think commodity prices rising in a business cycle are significantly inflationary. I know everybody gets caught up on that. Stuart Hardy, do you think the Fed will be the first to cut? Or will the clear flakiness in the UK and EU economy allow the bank of England ECU to go first? Will the fear of currency devaluation linked inflation prevent this? It's my thoughtful drink. I don't know. The Fed are usually faster off the trigger to be honest. The bank of England might do. I mean their economy is a fucking shit show but they've got very high inflation as well. So it's tricky. Even though inflation really most of this is mathematical, the UK has a problem because of Brexit. They created their own bed and then bed of nails and now they're lying in it and then really what happened to us? Really? Everybody told you, but you wouldn't listen. So I don't know who's going to go first really. It's a good question. I don't think it really matters because bond markets are so correlated. So they all price at the same time. The trade and the next trade, the big trade, even if rates go up to 5%, thats ten year bonds. So lets say even the fed get to another hike in five and a half. Five and three quarters. Okay. Thats like 50 basis points from here. The downside is 1%. So the risk reward is so tilted towards getting the bond trade right. And you're all free to do it now. Now I've been stopped out. You can make all the money in the world because I've sacrificed for you at the altar of the market gods. Just so you're aware, that was my kindness to you. Okay. Zane Tan. Zane, second question. Well no first question was a compliment, which is why you get the second one. Compliment me. I'm more than happy to help. Hey Raoul, in the everything code you mentioned, crypto and tech stocks are great insurance to generate great returns for laypeople. How would you describe what crypto is and why they should explore it as an investment? Crypto is just a technology. It is a distributed database which is blockchain of which you use a token to represent value on that chain. So unlike other networks, let's say a telco network, you can't own a share of the telco network. While you can with a token which gives you a share of the network itself. It enhances Metcalfe's law. Blockchain solves some huge problems, which is how to have. I guess the byzantine general's problem is at a larger level. But really for me it's a very simple thing is in an increasingly digital world we need to transfer record store value. And value is increasingly becoming digital. In the digital world we can make anything to infinite abundance and so everything digitally goes to zero in value. And blockchain allows you to create scarcity in a digital world. Also the ability to have digital integration of contracts and value in a whole bunch of different ways allows payment systems, securitization, tokenization, speculation. I mean its so vast, so basically extrapolate all that way its technology you can participate in directly. AI you have to buy Nvidia. Thats the only bloody thing you can do. A bit of Microsoft bit of stuff, but youre buying trillion dollar companies. How much money are you going to make? Two x three x maybe? Can Tesla got five x six x eight X? Yeah sure. Crypto cycles, they can be much, much bigger because you're actually owning the network itself. It's like if you owned a share of the Nvidia, all of the AI networks themselves and the monetization of that entire ecosystem. So that's why it's so powerful. So it tends to outperform the other technology stuff. So thank you for that question. I'm sure it was a terrible answer, but I tried. Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners, and then we'll be right back.
Speaker F: This podcast is sponsored by ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this, for the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what. With each vendor. Ramp's software collects and verifies receipts instantly. To save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments. Time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get dollar 250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy. Ramp.com easy ramp.com easy cards issued by.
Speaker E: Sutton bank and celtic bank members have DIC.
Speaker F: Terms and conditions apply.
Speaker E: Dominic Santa Clufe or Santa Cruz? After a phenomenal Nvidia earnings call, are you even more bullish on the stock? Should we expect much of a pullback beyond today's drawdown? Thank you. Um, I am a bit of a moron, so I dont tend to do a lot of single stocky stuff. Ive got smh instead of Nvidia. I have no idea. Weve all been through bubble cycles. This will end up being a bubble cycle. I dont think weve even started yet. Therell be periods where itll consolidate over time. Will this be much higher by 2025? By the end of this cycle, for sure. Thats kind of how I think about it. So will other semiconductor companies, chip manufacturers, everybody else catch up? Possibly as well. Okay, time for a snack. Bo Nito. I don't know how many questions there are. Fucking shitload. Sorry. Sorry. I swear a lot. I apologize. I don't have children. I can do what I want. And my wifes from New Jersey, she swears more than me. Raoul with China, Germany and rest of Europe. What do you see as the chance of contagion for the rest? To me, the markets like the guy who buys a gal drinks all night, last call buys for another, and then theres no idea. Her plan is to leave in 15 minutes. Dont quite understand you. Probably not very good chatting to girls. That's probably what I get from that. But let's move that aside. Bo. Contagion of China. Yeah, we're already seeing it. It's slowing things down. It can slow down commodity prices, it will slow down the global economy, because you're not firing on all cylinders yet. I think this contagion, I think people still expect there to be this catastrophic contagion event of 2008, because that's what you remember. Don't forget they invented the magic bullet. It's called debasement. You just print money, and optically everything goes up in value, so none of the collateral can go bust. Nobody really gets ahead around this yet. So China's slow. Will it have a banking system crisis? No, because it can print money and it will do. It's got a closed economic system, so it's just a matter of how much pain they want to take and whatever their outcomes are. So yes, it has contagion, but not in a catastrophic, oh my God, the world's going to die. Contagion more in terms of, well, that's slow down growth and oh shit, oil's gone down, back down to $50 or whatever it is, right. There's stuff like that. It tends to be a very deflationary situation. When China's devaluing its currency because it needs to, it stops buying as much commodities because its economy is slow, and then it can sell goods at cheaper prices on the world stage, and it competes on the world stage for other goods. So even if you don't import directly from China, because you want to penalize them for big nasty people, the world's good prices reshuffle. And so it tends to be very deflationary. Oliver M. Infinia debt, round trip on earnings, negative after hours. Ouch. Yeah, I just dont look at this stuff. Really. I looked at it and saw, oh, wow, massive earnings again, I dont trade, so I just think ive never met. Thats the line. Well, ive never met a rich day trader, and I know very few professional short term traders whove made a lot of money. I know a lot of morons who just bought and hold and made a shit ton of money. So I just think be the morons sometimes its a lot easier. I know its intellectually fun and challenging to trade. But I think most of the time, most peoples returns are suboptimal doing it. And ive proven that to myself over the years. Oh, here we go. Always. I can't wait for the apocalypse questions. We're waiting for them. Christopher, you've got it today. Christopher Caraville Trillion x buying chinese crude. Chinese buying crude hand over fist despite weak economy, stockpiling for war. The amount of times I've been told they're going to buy Taiwan, it's going to be April this year or it's going to be September. And definitely we all know we've picked it up on the geopolitical radar. Nobody knows and maybe they never will. But the market is gripped by this narrative that people love the apocalypse narrative. And it's so alluring. It's so alluring. Just stay away from them. I found that they never work. Daniel McGrath does the everything code thesis allow for the US Fed to keep rates high and buy more treasuries? Well, if rates are high, then they have to buy a lot more treasuries. And what youre basically doing some sort of yield curve control because if not, the bond issuance goes vertical, the yields go vertical. So I think everybody understands and they certainly understand that this is not what they want to do. So your answer is yield curve control or to cut rates to manufacture a recession or an overshoot in inflation and then they can cut rates. Jeff Welch. Hi, Jeff. Sorry, rude. I'm chewing while I'm talking. How is the visionary club connected to the communications capability of the 2.0 platform? What is it? Well, the visionary club doesn't exist yet. That's the web three group. The RVIP club is the first and they will have a private chat to start with. We haven't got the full slack style discord style integration yet. We'll see what you guys want. There's ability to see each other. You'll be badged. Everyone can see that you're RVIP members. You'll be able to connect with each other. You'll be able to see who each other is. That's the start. So it's kind of cool. And you see this kind of map of the world moving. You'll see where all the members are. You'll better see who they are. And over time we will upgrade the ability to put deeper bios, kind of LinkedIn style bios, more human than LinkedIn, because it's weird, that kind of stuff. So you can really connect with each other and find each other and do stuff. Doug McCurn Raoul, the dollar seems overbought right now. Which direction do you see the dollar going over the next two months? Doug, generally speaking, as you know, it's not really my time horizon. The time horizon for the everything code in the business cycle is the dollar should be weakening over time, and it should continue for quite a period of time, maybe to the back end of 2024. My target on DXY is about 90. However, weve got the weakness of the yen and the RMB offsetting it. My target for the yen for the last seven years has been 200. Everyone thought I was crazy when I said, yeah, well get to 150 very soon, and here we are. So it depends what the Japanese do at some point there. But generally speaking, the dollar should go lower over this point in the cycle. Donald Herron. Hey, Raoul. Andreas has left short inflation dropping below 2%. What do you see differently? Look, we've all got different views on all of this. A lot of people think that the increase in commodity prices year on year because they bottomed is going to cause a pickup in inflation. I think commodities are 19% of CPI. The rest is driven by the longer term secular stuff and food prices and other stuff, and all of that looks like it's going to deflate. I do think that we get typically, in fact, I've probably got a chart that 1940s inflation. Here's the average inflation. This is what I'm expecting to see. Let me share a screen. Okay. This is CPI versus the average of the major. Five major outbursts of inflation from the 1940s to eighties. So this is when inflation gets big. What happens? I mean, this is a very ordinary episode. I know all of the narrative and the screaming and shouting. It's the 1970s over again. It's this, it's that. It's just very, very ordinary. It goes up, goes down. You get to the point where it looks like you got a bounce. And I think, can we get inflation stabilizing for a couple of months, two or three months? Somewhere around here, maybe? I think it probably goes lower first, stabilizes somewhere around the 2.5% level before it drops off a cliff towards the end of the year and into next year. So ill stop sharing that screen. Ill show you another one as well, just because I can. And I like charts. This is a chart of the 1940s inflation because Larry Summers today, like fucking tail end Charlie, the last person in the world to go showing that 1970s chart that ive been rebelling against because its the only instance of inflation increasing in that manner. And everyones like, oh, my God, the next thing thats going to happen is inflation is going to go to the moon. And when you ask them why, nobodys got a reason. Its just because it's actually a political bias and a monetarism versus other ways looking at the world bias. But anyway, we won't bore ourselves with stuff like that. Here's CPI year on year. In the 1940s episode, which is very similar, we had the reopening of the global economy after the World War Two. Inflation spiked massively. Then it came down again. It came down and went negative. This is what my expectation is as well. See, we've had that bounce period as well. Same kind of time. Should we see a little bounce in inflation here? Could it go a little bit above 3%? We're kind of undershooting most of these inflation ones right now. And then it will collapse ongoing. And then eventually you get the next inflation cycle, which is just the normal business cycle and inflation is half of what it was at peak cycle, which would be pretty ordinary to me. So I just think it's all very ordinary. We just had a larger inflation spike than normal because of a pandemic, which was a larger event than normal. Just nothing more than that. Okay, more questions. We're now in extra time. You're getting extra value from me today. I'd just like you to appreciate it because I've still got a little Campari left. So, Paul Harwood, gorbleous face nft coming soon. There you go. Elaine can grab that. John Kapoor, can you help me reconcile your forward looking indicators that seem to demonstrate there's an economic recovery on the horizon? And that is not the type of environment that would allow the Fed to resume QE. Because the forward looking indicators are forward looking and the backward looking stuff is the heavy inflation stuff. If you've seen Julian Bittle's presentation on the. Again, if you're not real vision pro macro members, you're missing out on all the analysis. You're trying to get snippets of actually the actual work or a global macro investor. I write 130 pages plus every month. And this stuff, it's a lot of deep work. Essentially, the forward looking indicators are leading by about nine months. ISM is today the Fed live about six months behind that, which is CPI, and then behind that is rent, wage inflation and the really laggy elements. So you can have economic recovery like we do out of every recession. Now, whether we get to this recession or I still think there is a recession, I think it just plays out over a bit of time. Always CPI unemployment. Everything stays sticky for longer, which is when they cut, cut, cut, cut all the way through the back end. Its super normal. The GMI inflation dominoes. Ralph Michael Jordan sometimes had his tongue out before he dunked, but he was good at what he does. Im nothing. Bernst Muller. Hey burns. That's a very good german name. Or you could be Swiss, I don't know. Your base of tenet is everything's driven by liquidity. What's the current global liquidity situation? Our GMI Global weekly liquidity index is flat. It's been flat for a while. The Japanese may end up doing a bit of QE yield curve control too soon. That'll pick it up. Generally it's been flatden and markets have exceeded the liquidity exactly as they did after 2018, particularly stuff like Nasdaq, because these are in secular uptrends. So you take the beach ball. Ive mentioned this, I think every time ive done this, these live ones, you take your foot off the beach ball underwater and it bursts through. Then eventually you get the wind coming up underneath it, which is quantitative easing. So, yeah, liquidity is pretty flat. Nothing very exciting. Ok, let's move down because I'm probably going too slow. You're all chatting with each other, which is great. Saves me the time. And you're actually probably smarter than I am. Raoul, what's your favorite cup of noodles flavor for us poor folk? I liked my student noodle. Go to was the curry one. We had cuppa noodle. Cup of noodle. Cup of noodle. Yeah, cup of noodle. It was the curry one because I'm half indian and it came with some pickle or chutney to put in it, so I would go for that. I do like a bit of ramen and noodles, although most of the time I eat a ketogenic diet, so I only get that from time to time. Okay, we're going to stop wrapping up, so I'm just going to randomly MG. What changed your thesis on bitcoin? Not enough use cases in and above the store of value. And Ethereum had more use cases with a lot more development applications on top. So according to Metcalfe's law, which values a network, it's more likely to have increased network value over time than bitcoin did. And the chart looked good. The ETH bitcoin cross and I like the Solana eth cross and the Solana bitcoin cross. I think they all end up playing out. Brian Clark, did you get your. Listen, motherfucker. NFT. In the end no, I didn't. I've not had any chance. I need to sit down with my ledger because I don't have it in all time, stops myself degenering and I don't do it in my metamask. So I'd need to sit down, spend the time to do it. So I have not. So I will go into the secondary market and buy the real vision. Legendary NFTs Philip Trieste. Will we ever get a buying opportunity into India? That is, do we ever get decent size correction? No, it never seems to happen. You got too young a demographic. Everything seems to work over time. But I have become much less diversified in portfolios because I think everything is driven by the same thesis right now, which is global liquidity. Debt, demographics, debt. And you end up with two assets that outperform everything and one asset more than others. If I buy anything else outside of technology or crypto, it's actually a relative destruction of capital. So I don't do it. So I can give the advice. Yes, I love India. You should be buying India. I'm not going to buy it because I'm at the point where I think this is the clear macro setup and I want the maximum focus in the trade that I'm doing with the least distraction. It's one of the reasons I was happy to get rid of the bond trade. Just I don't want the distraction. I want the two bets technology, crypto, with crypto being vastly larger. And so I can focus because I can get stuff wrong, too. We all know that. So I just want to focus on what I'm doing, filter out the noise, keep my time horizon right. Robert O'Neill, good morning. Negative one degrees and foggy. 06:00 a.m. here in Canberra. Thank you for joining us at 06:00 a.m. and I'm sorry it's winter for you, but it's never winter here in the Cayman islands, by the way, just so you know, we have. Our temperature goes from. What about if we speak in global temperatures as opposed to freedom speak? The american scale that nobody uses, it's generally like 28 to 34 here, not much more. So it's not that variable. So for others who only speak freedom scale, we're talking about 85 to 92, something around that. But it just gets the humidity ratchets up and the sun feels like an anvil at this time of year. I'll save the wine drinking tonight. Riesling for you. Yeah, Riesling. Crispy. Aussie or kiwi? Riesling? Aussie. Riesling. They're good wines. Okay, okay, last question. I'm just going to randomly go for one and it's going to be why does it take longer for fixed supply, scarce assets, equity houses to adjust in value to monetary inflation, money printing than bitcoin. Some things lead, some things lag. House prices take time to clear or move or readjust because you dont get often marked to market. Equities in crypto, not wildly dissimilar Leeds lags and most of the space bottomed in October. Equities, tech equities and bitcoin. And a lot of the space eth was a bit earlier. So they're liquid instruments. They're forward looking people. I think the market understands the debasement thing, whether it's probably implicitly as opposed to explicitly, and because of the nature of the liquidity and how fast these assets move, it tends to do that. Ralph Humphrey how will global warming affect Cayman? Well, if you see the water rising in my house, then you know it's actually, we monitor the coral reefs a lot. We get coral bleaching. Issues with fish populations can change beaches. We lost some of the beach here in Grand Cayman. But no global warming is a hoax, kids. Okay, gang, great to see you have the great last week of the summer. Can you come back to work and actually put some money into the markets, because we're a bit fucking bored of this. But I appreciate seeing you all. I hope you don't mind my filthy potty mouth, but I enjoy it just for the fun of it. Take care, everyone.
Speaker D: What's up, revolutionaries? Thanks for tuning in. For more content like this, head over to realvision.com and get unfiltered access to the very best, brightest, and biggest names in finance.
