Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30. 30 baby get 30 baby get 20. 2020 baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month so give.
Speaker A: It a try at mint mobile.com switch.
Speaker C: $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited more than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: Hello GM and welcome back. Here's why you should watch today's real vision. Crypto daily briefing. An old school bank run sees an NFT lender fighting to stay afloat. We'll explain how this affects the board aids collection and the wider NFT market. Plus, we'll have a deep dive into how NFT lending works. Sergio Silva sits down with the nifty fi co CEO Stephen young. We'll leave you with the key takeaways from that interview. My name is Elaine Lee. Good morning. Your friendly crypto host and producer is here with me today, as always is my buddy Ash Bennington. So lets get right to the price action, ok, BTC has been trading sideways over the past three days after a steep decline last week. Its up slightly today but remained down more than 10% on a weekly basis. Investors on the tenter hooks with inflation and the Fed on their minds, the Fed passed Jay Powell will give a highly anticipated speech Friday. We should learn more about the central bank's thinking and on future rate hikes. Mind you, as a risk asset asset, crypto remains highly sensitive to Fed moves. Ash, what are you seeing on the Ethereum side?
Speaker E: Well, and we continue to see more volatility ahead of the merge in September. You can see it here on this chart. Ethereum is up more than bitcoin today, but has fallen more in the past week. Coindesk is highlighting interesting data from Genesis volatility, a crypto options analytics platform. The data shows that Ethereum and bitcoin implied volatilities on options expiring on September 30. The spread is the widest. It's up to 30 percentage points right now. That's the widest spread we've seen since June of 2021. So obviously more than a year of data there showing this spread being at record wides. Implied volatility is a measure of market pricing of future price movements. It means traders expect Ethereum to see more volatility than bitcoin in the next five weeks or so. That's because of the Ethereum merge, the long awaited move from proof of work to proof of stake. It's likely to happen in the mid September timeframe. Elaine?
Speaker D: Yeah, Ash. I don't think I'm ready for all the emotions for the week to come, but here we are. Let's move on to our top stories today, the NFT bank run. So what happens to if? Ethereum obviously has a big impact on NFTs that blockchain powers the vast majority of the market. Which brings us today to talk about this story. So Ben Dow, a crypto loans platform that uses NFTs as collateral, is trying to steady the ship after a bank run over the weekend saw it reserves for as little as five Eth. Why did that happen? Well, you can probably blame a few apes for that. It appears that things have gotten better, but the situation is far from over. We just had a little look this morning, but the floor price right now is just under 67 ETH. Once upon a time, this project was a triple digit in ETH project. So, Ash, what do you make of this story right now?
Speaker E: You know, Elaine, these are some of the classic lessons from tradfi. Things like leverage, volatility in the underlying collateral and liquidation protocols. You know, in many ways we're still learning some of those lessons, or maybe a more accurate way of saying it would be learning how those lessons apply to the NFT space, to the digital asset space more broadly. There are obviously some challenges here, these sort of things. We've been talking about them for a while. I expect we'll be seeing them into the future again, these are just systemic challenges. And understanding the way that these classic risks in traditional finance work in the digital asset space.
Speaker D: Elaine, we've heard that so many times to all the guests that we speak to right here at real vision. All right, moving on to the next story is FTX. So CNBC obtained leaked documents showing FTX results for last year, and they are pretty spectacular. A billion dollars in revenue. Why is that interesting?
Speaker E: Elaine? A billion dollars is interesting because it's a billion dollars. I'm sort of thinking of the social network. A million dollars isn't cool. A billion dollars is. This is obviously a very, very big print for FTX, is the kind of story that one imagines that the management team and their investors are very happy to get out. I suspect most of that growth has been overseas. I believe there was a number quoted that 5% of the revenue was here in the US. This is probably not surprising. FTX US still a relative up and comer compared to Coinbase, but obviously some pretty impressive growth, impressive numbers that FTX has been posting on a global basis. Elaine.
Speaker D: Love that SPF just simply confirms that in a tweet. Okay, moving on to stablecoins and Morgan Stanley. So according to a report by us bank Morgan Stanley last week, institutional investors have stopped redeeming stable coins and their market cap has stopped falling. However, there appears to be a few signs of recovery. Ash, what's the overall picture here outlined by Morgan Stanley for Stablecoins in this note?
Speaker E: Well, you know, Elaine, stable coins are now stable at $150 billion in liquidity. This is the first time, according to the report from Morgan Stanley, that we have seen this number not decline since April of 22. So obviously it's been a few months of contraction. Liquidity. This is a key number to getting an overall metric on the price direction of the space and the overall health of the space. Stable coins obviously play a key role in this ecosystem, at least they do today, before the CBDC era has been speculated to come. But for today, obviously, stablecoins, an incredibly important, important metric to keep your finger on the pulse of what's happening more generally in the digital asset space lane.
Speaker D: All right, so that's a good wrap up of all the stories that's been going on in the past few days in the crazy land of crypto. Now moving on to the next part of the show, which is something that I enjoy doing and crafting on this particular show. So as we've heard today, the NFT space is developing its own new ways of financing. Ben Dow is an example of peer to pool lending. Lenders provide liquidity by supplying tokens to a pool of assets. Borrowers then take these tokens, that is, they borrow liquidity from that same pool. Okay, so now this is different from peer to peer lending, an example of which is Nifty five. The founder of CEO and Nifty five, Stephen Young, spoke to Sergio Silva this week, and of course, a friend of the show. He's senior director of web three, business developer mont at Fireblocks, and also renowned NFT enthusiasts. But before we get into how nifty fire works, Stephen, what NFT price projects are doing well right now. Take a listen.
Speaker F: Over those two years, what kind of trends have you seen in regards to the assets that get financed? I know you mentioned you started with OG cryptokitties, crypto punks, but obviously the NFT space has completely blossomed beyond that nowadays. Do you guys see more volume going through certain collections. Is there a preference from lenders for maybe loans that might default because they want the assets or blue chip assets? What can you share with us regarding that?
Speaker G: Yeah, the volume is really skewed towards the upper end. So 60 70% of our volume is on the top ten projects. And those are all the usual suspects. Cryptopunks, all of the yuga properties. So bored apes, mutant apes, meebits, all that whole kind of universe is also in the top ten. Zuki doodles, art blocks is high up there, and autoglyphs. So really it's like all the kind of usual suspects of the good projects are in there. We see it move around a little bit. So during PFP mania, a lot of the volume was kind of focused around bored apes and mutant apes and azuki and doodles. Once we saw this big downturn, it shifted back to the on chain generative art a little bit. We got a bunch of autoglyph loans, a lot of blue chip art blocks, projects like fidenzas, ringers, those kinds of things. But really, I would say there's maybe 20 projects that really make up most of the volume. And this is one of the things people ask me often, which NFT should I buy and what's a safe investment unless you can afford 20 or 30 ether floor? Like, it's really speculative. The assets that have proven to be relatively safe enough investments that I might recommend somebody buy them are normally pretty expensive by nowadays, this really is the top end ones. Default rates. Some things we're seeing there are for certain collections, like bought apes, for example, it's really low. So like one and a half percent default rates. So very, very low default rates. And we often see people repay loans even when the asset is worth less than the actual loan because they've got an emotional attachment to it. Or it's a rare, like NFT that doesn't go on sale often. So even if you could, like, you could, you know, it's, you're paying a little bit more than it's worth right now. You just don't know if you'll ever be able to buy it back, right? Because, you know, often those things get taken up and they go into diamond hands and then those people just never sell them. Or the only time you ever see them sell again is like near the all time highs again, right? It's like auto glyphs are very much like this. Like they, they never sell when the market's down and then when their floor prices double, then one or two or three will sell and then like it completely dries up again when the market's down, and then the next time it shoots up again, one or two or three will sell. So they just aren't buying opportunities for these assets when they're kind of in the, in the more grails kind of category of these NFT projects.
Speaker D: All right, get your pen down and take up all the names that Stephen just mentioned there. So it sounded like Stephen read out the Christmas wishlist to NFT Santa. Stephen has been in space for quite some time now. What he considers as a safe investments are projects that are 20 to 30 ether floor. Otherwise it's all really speculative. Speculative, he says. Ash, what do you make of this?
Speaker E: Well, I think there's no such thing as a safe investment in an NFT, at least in the terms that we traditionally define those parameters in traditional investing. But look, it's really cool. It's interesting to me that the volume skews that much toward the upper end. 60% to 70% of the volume, according to Stephen, is in the top ten projects. And also what he considers relatively safe investments, we should probably point out, are very expensive. It's about 30 eth right now. He's using a 20 to 30 ETH range for the floor price for relatively stable investments, in his view, and that's around $50,000. The other thing that I thought was really interesting here is this idea that people repay loans when assets are worth less than the loan. He's talking about bored apes here. It's interesting because it shows a clear emotional attachment to that intellectual property. That's not financial decision making. That's a kind of emotional connection, maybe the way that you would see in a collectible, something like a baseball card or a piece of art that people are very passionate about. So it is interesting to see where these sort of boundary conditions exist between art and investment.
Speaker A: Elaine Ryan Reynolds here from Mint mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile, unlimited, premium wireless, everybody to get 30 30 biddy get 30 bid to get 20 2020 to 20 2015, just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try@mintmobile.com.
Speaker C: Switch $45 up front for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited. More than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: You say it's expensive, but let's not forget Tiffany, who launched their NFT collection, was asking for around 30 ETH. I also liked it when he said that once we saw this downturn, it shifted back down to generative art a little bit. Now, over the past twelve months there has been some crazy moments in NFTs where some of us has probably made that art purchase and now it's probably in the depths of the hidden folder. But this is just a reminder that good aunt and a solid community is probably in it for the long run. A good conversation for that one would be ash, do you remember the interview that you did with Eric Calderon?
Speaker E: I do. Great conversation.
Speaker D: That was a good one that you can find on the website. And we'll post that somewhere after this show, actually. All right, well, let's move on to the next clip.
Speaker G: The way it works is that borrowers can go list assets that they're looking to get loans on and they get listed on our platform. So you as a lender can go in and look at the assets that are available to lend against and you would then make an offer. And the offer would consist of the loan principal, loan duration and the repayment amount or the APR. So it's like three very simple properties. And then you just sign a message with your account to say that you're willing to do the loan at those terms for the specific asset. And then borrowers would see all of these offers coming through to them and then they can choose which ones they find the most attractive, you know. So they'll typically get a range of offers, some low LTV, some higher LTV. LTV is loan to value so high and low, some with high APR, some with lower, and then all different kind of time ranges and you can filter them and pick the one that you like. Once you accept that loan, what happens is the loan principal gets transferred from the lender to the borrower and the NFT gets moved out of the borrower's wallet into our smart contract escrow account where we make sure that it stays there for the duration of the loan so that the lender doesn't take risk of the person running away with the actual collateral. And then the borrower has the full loan duration to repay that loan and we don't keep track of the price of the NFT during that process. So it's 100% up to the borrower to decide if they're going to repay or not at the end of the loan period. If they have repaid, if they haven't repaid, then the lender can foreclose on that asset, in which case the borrower keeps the loan principal and the lender gets the NFT. So it gets transferred out of the escrow account to the lender. Or if the borrower repays, they can repay any time before the loan period is due, in which case they get their asset back and the lender gets the loan principal plus interest.
Speaker D: Honestly, just when you think I've got my head around the basics of trading NFT, the buying, the selling, the making a collection offer in route EtH. But I feel like Stephen's platform is somewhat opening up some financial flexibility for NFT holders who own really valuable nfts. Ash, break that down of what this means in the world of borrowing and lending. In the world of nfTs, your thoughts on how risky is this stuff? Because that stuff of what we just mentioned in the clip got real geeky real fast.
Speaker E: Short answer, it's risky. As a finance nerd, it's super cool, right? I mean, I really like this idea because you have supply and demand driving both the collateral and also the competitive bidding process on the liquidity or the loan side. It's cool, but it's risky. Maybe we'll coin a new acronym here today. I see BTR, right? Like this is. This is human beings. We can't help ourselves. Raoul has talked about this. We're creatures who love finance. We love to financialize things. It's really interesting to see this market building up because it really is based on the supply and demand. I wanted to run through those three loan parameters here that he mentioned, because I think it gives a sense and a little bit of an illustration of how this works. So let's say you own a $200,000 board ape, and you want to borrow $100,000. So that's an LTV, a loan to value ratio of 50%. This is the ratio of the value of the underlying collateral relative to the loan. Just to give you a bit of a sense of what that means. In the case of Helocs, these are home equity lines of credit. It's considered a high LTV, meaning that there's a lot of leverage in it at 80%. However, and this is a big important however, it's. These NFTs are far more variable, far more volatile. The price of an NFT fluctuates a hell of a lot more than the price of your house. So just as we continue to walk through this and explain these parameters, let's say the loan duration is one year, and Stephen explains that you effectively have the entire term of that loan to repay it. Then let's talk a little bit about the loan repayment amount, because this is where the interest comes in. It's actually an imputed number. Let's say you borrowed 100,000 on a $200,000 board ape. If your repayment amount was $110,000, that means the imputed APR is 10%. This, of course, is net of any fees in case those are being charged on varying platforms. As you can see, Elaine, there's obviously some volatility component here. If the price of the underlying collateral moves dramatically, you might wind up underwater on the loan. He was talking a little bit about this in the previous clip, so clearly it's a really cool market based idea to have supply and demand set these rates. However, obviously there is risk in doing this.
Speaker D: Breakdown. Bennington mode activated right there, ladies and gentlemen. All right, onto clip three. This little clip talks about who uses their platform.
Speaker F: What kind of like, volumes are you guys seeing go through the market? How's that trending? Is there any correlation with, call it the spot market with floor prices?
Speaker G: Yeah. So to give you a little bit of context, in 2020 we did $400,000 in loans. In 2021, we did 40 million. And so far this year we've done 190 million. So it's growing very rapidly. So that totals around $250 million. We've done almost 17,000 loans. So kind of high volumes and it's really picking up quite a lot. So. Yeah, and then, like, correlation with the spots. So typically it's got in correlation with external events. So whenever there's a big drop coming, people will leverage some of the existing assets to be able to buy into this drop so they can flip them. If there's big moves in the Ethereum price, people will leverage their nfts to either hedge downside risk or to short the Ethereum market or to go long on the Ethereum market. So there's big spikes in there when the, in terms of a number of loans and ether volume, there's very little correlation actually to the price of ether. But obviously in us dollar terms, there's a very big correlation there. But I think what it goes to show is that mostly people buying nfts are still thinking of pricing them in Ethereum. So the volumes in ether kind of just steadily take up, and then volumes in USD is up and down. Based on what the Ethereum price is.
Speaker D: People are taking out loans. It's a growing space, and it's growing rapidly despite a significant downturn in the NFT market. This is so interesting. Money movers and shakers are still coming in ash with your eye on the markets all the time. What do you make of that?
Speaker E: Well, you know, Elaine, I was jotting down some numbers in 20, 2400 thousand, 2021, 40 million. This is loan volume year to date, 2022, $195 million. So based on the current run rate, that's on track to do more than $300 million in loan volume before the end of this year, 2022. You set up the clip of Lane by asking who uses this platform? Clearly, a lot of people are using the platform in terms of the dollar volumes of loans. Those numbers are considerable.
Speaker D: Lane yeah, there's also another interesting point here. There's a little correlation of loan volume to the price of ETH. But anyway, we should definitely keep up with Stephen to see if that's the case with the numbers in the very near future. All right, let's throw to our next clip, which is institutions looking to come in.
Speaker F: I want to go back a little bit to institutions you mentioned collecting daos. What other kind of institution do you see playing in this market? Or have you been approached by some more, call it traditional, at least within the crypto native space, institutions that are looking to come in.
Speaker G: Yeah. So definitely like had a lot of old outreach recently from hedge funds. So especially it started really after, just after NFT NYC, like Ethereum prices had crashed, but a lot of these blue chip assets, like initially their Ethereum like flaws just kind of held and then they started going up again. And I think theres something quite appealing about having a asset class thats still uncorrelated with everything else, which I think pretty much NFTs are the only one around there at the moment. And so youre seeing more and more of these hedge funds actually long nfts who actually own a bunch of them. And now theyre starting to accrue some value. And theres still small for the hedge funds, like maybe 510, $20 million in holding. So not crazy, but it's becoming attractive because the properties of the NFTs are slightly uncorrelated. I think there's something around them actually being quite illiquid. Kind of means that they're the last thing people sell because they are illiquid and you're paying such a liquidity premium to get rid of them. So there's something interesting about them that just being different enough to traditional assets and currencies that they like provide interesting trading strategies. Lots of market makers. So crypto market makers also looking to get involved, if you think about it, for anything besides the top end projects, you're making 30, 40 plus percent aprs as a lender. So there's not many places we can get those kinds of yields in like the traditional defi. But yeah, so they really interested a couple of banks kind of asking around, but, you know, like banks are very slow. So I think probably not next cycle, but the cycle after. But they're starting to kind of ask and at least individuals at banks are quite interested to kind of understand the actual market. So definitely think next cycle you'll see more and more professional people coming in. But I mean, even, I mean, the daos are, you know, so it's a Dao, but everybody in it are ex, like hedge funds or like investment banking or high frequency traders, you know. Right. So they're pretty sophisticated people who just a little bit more risk tolerant than the organizations they were in before who are now leaving to start something that's kind of crypto native.
Speaker D: You know. Ash, what's interesting from that little clip is you can see that Stephen has a little giggle there because he's like nfts. They're just a league of its own. But notice that he said even hedge fund managers are stacking a few away. Ash, people get excited when they hear about institutional investment, particularly our visionaries, because we're very serious about finance. But as a retail investor myself, I'm still mind blown that nfts can be used as collateral. What do you make of it? How many people do you think in hedge funds is taken this seriously?
Speaker E: Well, I guess it depends what we mean by hedge funds, Elaine. So I suspect he's talking about traditional crypto hedge funds, although some folks in traditional capital markets, macro hedge funds, may be investing or speculating with their own personal capital. I haven't seen a groundswell of some support in traditional hedge funds for speculating in the NFT market. In fact, I've not heard of it. You don't see them in 13 f statements. Generally, they are going to be prohibited from investing in nfts for client accounts by the inception agreements of those funds. But I suspect that people who are involved in hedge funds are probably looking at this and perhaps investing for their own account. Another intriguing notion is this idea of non correlated assets. I guess the question that I have is how long can it last, especially with institutional investors in the form of crypto hedge funds piling into the space? So we've talked about this here on the show before, many times, Elaine, the idea that we're seeing the correlation trade go to one. That's another way of saying when central bank liquidity comes in, you see essentially assets trading at very high correlations, meaning if the Fed is easing or not tightening, or if there's an expectation that they're going to tighten less than previously thought, you see the price of all risk assets rise. I've often joked that if your employer blocks the price of bitcoin somehow on your computer, you can just look at the price of the Nasdaq 100 for the day and know roughly the durationality and magnitude of the change. This is just a function of the way markets work when you have central banks providing liquidity to support asset prices more broadly and now attempting to withdraw it. So how long can this non correlated pricing last? That's an open question we're going to have to see. Finally, he mentions 30% to 40% on APR. Aside from the top projects, he says that's very, very high in terms of the rate of yield. High rates of return, as we know, are correlated with high risk. So again, I see BTR, it's cool.
Speaker H: But there's risk this podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this for the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what with each vendor. Ramp software collects and verifies receipts instantly to save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments, time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get dollar 250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy ramp.com easy remp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank and celtic bank members. FDIC terms and conditions apply.
Speaker D: Ash trying to trigger off all the non suitable for work notifications. All right, heading into our last clip. Future of mainstream adoption. Take a listen.
Speaker F: Future mainstream adoption that you are flagging. Obviously with trustless, decentralized systems, the user really relies on themselves lot, right? That's what kind of like happened in my situation where I didn't set a calendar reminder the right date, and I ended up having to go buy my punk back from from the lender that my loan automatically foreclosed on me and how do you see that? Or how do you think about that being an obstacle for broader adoption? You know, when the retail user comes in, they already have to deal with downloading a wallet, securing the private keys, understanding all the processes, and then all this decentralization also requires them to really bear a lot of responsibility that kind of way. Web two, abstracted away from doing things online. Do you guys see it as a challenge? Do you see it as an opportunity? How's niftify thinking about this?
Speaker G: So in a way, we're a little bit shielded from that because by the time people come to us, they've already got ether and they've already got nfts, right? So somebody else has already kind of helped them cross that hurdle. But I do think as a space, it's important for us to kind of have an easier onboarding kind of process. I think the way flow has done it is actually quite a good where you can have this same custodial experience where it's all priced in dollars and you just pay with your credit card, but at any point you can then move it off and fully take control of it yourself. So I think we should probably see more of that. And I think for some people, it makes sense to actually just never own your own private keys. There's a certain amount of risk that comes along with taking all of that responsibility yourself. So I don't think it's appropriate for everybody to own their own private keys. So over the long run, I definitely see more centralized custodial players kind of filling a niche for people who kind of want that extra, like, handholding, but for us, we're just a settlement layer, right? So there's nothing that's stopping an institution to kind of still do the loans with us, but kind of have that their own kind of like custodial, custodial solution on top of us. And then meaning like in your case, for example, I just think that there's a lot more, you know, it's also new and there's just so much more that can be done. Right. So, like, one of the things we're adding now is you will get a add to calendar link in your notification emails and on the page that you, when you're looking at an asset that's like just entered a loan so that you at least you don't have to manually put it in and do all the calculations yourself, we can help you take that one step out. I think over time, ethereum based push notifications are going to become more popular and mainstream, so that there's additional ways to build all of these safeguards and things around the fact that these transactions are immutable and they're done when they're done. So I think we're just very early in the space still, this is a lot of work to be done and lots of tooling to be figured out. And ideally we come up with solution that still gives people optionality to exit but have a little bit of more security around. Kind of accidentally making a mistake.
Speaker D: Look, Sergio is one of my NFT heroes and a mentor in this space. I'm a serious lurker on his Twitter page and I get a ton of alpha from his tweets moments ago. Actually, we tweeted him out live tagging him and he dm's me to ask me straightaway, do I need to shower? Classic dj mode.
Speaker E: He thought he was on the show.
Speaker D: He thought he was on the show live, bless his heart. But all seriousness, look, even someone like Sergio lost his punk for a hot second, okay? Which by the way, you can listen to that full story right here on real vision with our macro queen Maggie Lake on her latest episode on my life in for trades. The quote I picked up from that clip, Ashley, was users rely on themselves a lot and that's where I think it will be tough. Crypto is noisy, people are busy, and people miss deadlines. We spoke about this ash on our last show. Complexity is risk, right?
Speaker E: Yeah. You know, Elaine, the future question here really is about mainstream adoption. Pessimists and cynics would say if optimists would say how I think I'm actually in the optimist camp on this one, despite pointing out some of the numerous risks in the space, especially around short term, indeed, long term, price volatility and varying projects. I think Sergio makes an excellent point here where he says decentralization means responsibility. He asks if it's a challenge or an opportunity. I think it's probably both. It's interesting to me when Steven talks about more centralized custodial agents and says that some people, quote, never own their private keys. For me, Elaine, this is really all about building up what computer scientists call abstraction layers, building the tools and services to make this space simpler and more secure, more user friendly, and to eliminate some of those challenges, to at least attempt to mitigate risk, or at least to inform people of the risks. These are all challenges that take very long, multiple years, not weeks or months, to build out. It's funny, Elaine. I did an interview yesterday with Corby Pryor. We're going to be showing that on this show a little bit later this week and we were dming last night. Now, Corby's like a young guy. He's in like his early twenties. And I was telling him about what the Internet was like before he was born. And what's interesting about this is that it was such a hassle for people who were on the Internet in the mid nineties, indeed the early nineties. It was really a hassle to do even the most basic functionality. To check your email. You had to log into a Unix shell account. You had to run shell scripts. For people my age, this all sounds familiar, but whats interesting about it is what had to happen to the Internet to make it more user friendly. Now the question how do you get on the Internet? Is absurd. You just pick up your phone and you look at when its beeping to see what your emails are, whos texting you. Things have improved dramatically in terms of user interface, in terms of the ability of people to actually interact with this technology. And that's something that I think that we're going to see get build up in this space. But Elaine, importantly, it takes time.
Speaker D: Ash, did you feel like you aged by a billion years old after that conversation?
Speaker E: Absolutely.
Speaker D: All right. Moving on to the key takeaways. Right. So here's what I've learned away, and I hope some of you guys, for the viewers that can take away from this conversation with Stephen as well, you know, whether I'm filming with Rao, listening to project founders, or someone like Stephen who is building decentralized apps, the message is consistent here. And it's recognizing the industry across the whole board that there needs to be an easier onboarding process. You know, my next key takeaway is if you do have valuable NFT or NFTs, there are lender benefits and opportunities to earn attractive yield. But you need to have a deep understanding of the space. Steven mentioned hedge fund managers are in Dallas. You know, where are those communities? And can you start by learning and asking those communities first before you enter the realm of borrowing and lending? Both guests that we just had on come from asset management background in this interview. The NFT space is still so new. People need to take their time with this stuff. Anytime you take out any loan for a new car or a new home, that's a big sense of responsibility. So you really do have to know what you're doing in this space to explore these kind of options more so in the digital realm because in terms of security and self custody, too. All right, and that's it for today's show. So we'll dive deep into Ben Whitby's and Jim McDonald's conversation, all about the upcoming Ethereum merge. See you tomorrow. That's it. All for today, live on crypto, daily briefing.
