Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30 30 baby get 30 baby get 20. 2020 baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month, so give.
Speaker A: It a try at mint mobile.com switch $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time.
Speaker B: Unlimited more than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker C: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance. Join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten. That's podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Now to the top analysis of today's crypto markets.
Speaker B: Bitcoin wakes up from its lull and roars back to life, but is the worst of crypto news flow behind us? We'll discuss this and more with Andrew Keys from Dharma Capital. Welcome back to real Vision Crypto daily briefing. I'm ash Bennington. Let's jump straight in to the latest price action, and boy, what a few days we've had. Crypto markets have returned to above $1 trillion in market cap on Coingecko, and bitcoin has played a major role in that transition. The largest cryptocurrency has had a remarkable rally. Let's take a closer look at it now. When we were last on air on Friday, bitcoin had surged to $19,000. But that was not the end of it. After a short period of historically low volatility, bitcoin hit a high as high as $21,400. It's now trading at just over $21,000. That means bitcoin is up 22% on a trailing seven day basis. It is one of the best performing top 20 crypto currencies. Coindesk reports that expectations for bitcoin price over the next six months have turned positive for the first time in two years. According to data from Amber data cited by Coindesk, bitcoin's 180 day call put skew has crossed above zero for the first time since 2021. That means bullish call options, so bets on prices to rise expiring in six months have become pricier than bearish put options on bet prices falling. According to glass node bitcoin miners and the average hodler are back in black glass nodes calculates $19,700 as the average price people have paid for bitcoin. That means the recent rally has taken people into profit if they were to sell now. Meanwhile, Ethereum has also enjoyed a big bump. ETH is trading well above $1,500. It's up 18% on a trailing seven day basis. In other price news, BNB, the native token of finance, is up 2% on a trailing 24 hours basis. BNB chain, which was launched by Binance, says it's completed the burn of more than 500 million worth of BNB tokens. This refers to the process of permanent deletion of coins from the circulating supply to prevent inflation. BNB's plan is to eventually have only 100 million in BNB tokens in circulation. Another chicken token we're looking at right now is Mana. Mana, the native token of Decentraland, is the biggest gainer on a trailing seven day basis. Mana gained more than 80% during that time period. Decentraland, the Ethereum based virtual reality platform, has introduced new features for its users. Recently appears the changes have been well received. Ok, with all that said, time to bring in our guest. Andrew Keys is co founder and president of Dharma Capital. Welcome back to REal Vision Crypto, Andrew.
Speaker D: Thanks for having me, Ash, always a pleasure, Andrew.
Speaker B: You're one of my favorite guests. Our last conversation I thought was absolutely fantastic. So much to talk about here. Let's jump right into something that was in the news very much when you were last on the show. Wanted to talk about. Let's talk about DCG. I want to show some tweets that you posted back in November. I'm just going to read them out here because I think it's really interesting and our viewers will find it really interesting. This is coming from you tweeting to Barry Silbert, DCG Co. That's digital currency group and Genesis trading. You know where to find me. Interested in Ethereum assets, all of them. I'm interested in acquiring all of Genesis trading and DCG companies. Ethereum assets reach out to me at Andrew Capital. Andrew, great story, great tweets. Tell us, have you heard back from them? Where are we on that?
Speaker D: I have heard back from them. We've gone back and forth. I don't think at this point they're ready to part ways with their assets, and frankly, that's all I can say at this point. But I was interested in acquiring the assets. That was everything from potentially the grayscale Ethereum Trust to assets on the balance sheet that may have been locked up, such as staked ether that will be able to be withdrawn at the next Ethereum upgrade, Shanghai.
Speaker B: So, Andrew, I know I'm mindful here that we have some, probably some non competes in place that prevent you from talking about it too much. But just the back of the envelope numbers, the most obvious one here I'm looking at Grayscale Ethereum Trust, Ethe publicly traded on Nasdaq. Under that symbol, they've got $4.3 billion in Ethereum. Pretty big number there. Pretty big purchase you're talking about.
Speaker D: Yeah, it would, it would have been a syndicate, so I would have been the primary investor of a few, and we would have syndicated the purchase on behalf of a group, but nonetheless we were interested in acquiring the assets.
Speaker B: Yeah, obviously a pretty big number there. I want to talk a little bit more generally about some ideas that I think of you as being best known for the ideas about true decentralization, what that means, what it looks like. I know that you thought FTX was problematic because of the collaborating, essentially a prop shop with an exchange taking directional bets. You were very public about this early, before FTX imploded. You also made an interesting point on our show the last time you were on that the only creditors who were made whole in a series of failures were essentially the holders of the smart contracts that were, in essence programmatically executed, secured by the rules of math and physics. Talk a little bit generally about how you think about the promise of smart contracts, of true decentralization, and how it relates more broadly to your ideas about Ethereum.
Speaker D: Sure. We are in a turning point. I would say a point of change. And what we've witnessed in 2022 was the worst of all worlds, centralized, opaque, unregulated intermediaries that were facilitating trade and borrowing rather than decentralized, smart contract based software that would not intermediate unnecessarily and opaquely and would be transparent. Moreover, we could also programmatically add regulation into the smart contracts so a participant could couldn't enter an exchange, for example, unless they complied with anti money loan during know your customer or was deemed an accredited investor. And basically, the resolution to 2020 two's problems is the actual technology. And my fear is we're conflating the centralized, unregulated, opaque institutions with the actual decentralized, smart contract based technology where we can bake in transparency and regulatory compliance.
Speaker B: It's really interesting you said something there that I not only agree with. What I've been saying on the show now for months is that we wound up with the worst of all possible worlds. You had true centralization, centralization under FTX and some of the other models out there, while not having essentially any regulation that would be sort of effective at understanding things and managing things like capital requirements, segregation of assets, all of these things that people take for granted in traditional capital markets, as flawed as those capital markets may be, clearly, obviously, what this sort of Frankenstein's monster that we wound up with here in the crypto space, clearly a challenge. Talk a little bit about this idea of true decentralization and its inputs for the truly regulated environment, or finding mechanisms at least to build in some type of transparency so that you can see whats being complied with and whats not.
Speaker D: So I think the best example is, are the creditors that have been paid back, and you touched upon it. But ill dig into that a little bit more. In just kind of where we are now prior to any of these bankruptcies, a common thread or a common fact pattern that we've seen is that the debtor FTX Celsius are two primary examples needed to shore up dollars. They needed us dollars rather than bitcoin, ether or any other crypto asset on their balance sheet, because they knew that the court system would understand us dollars versus the volatility. And I the just kind of the new nature of the crypto assets. So what we'd seen was, is that in both FTX's case and in Celsius's case, they used decentralized, smart contract based lending protocols where they would post for round numbers, let's call it a million dollars of ether. And then what they would do was they would borrow us dollar coins. So digital versions of the us dollars against that. And basically they would be able to borrow at about a 30% loan to value ratio. So in the million dollar example, for every million dollars, they'd be able to borrow $300,000. And unfortunately, no one has been paid back. Not a single creditor has been paid back. That's a human. And we've seen the last month's Kirkland and Ellis Bill for Celsius, as an example, was $6.5 million. And the only entity that has been paid back is actually a robot. It's a decentralized smart contract. And what happened was, in order to free up the collateral they were posted, they would pay back. In Celsius example, for every million dollars of collateral they posted, they borrowed $300,000. That $300,000 per million was the only thing that has been paid back in the bankruptcy. And interestingly, enough. The exact same thing happened in FTX's case. What we'll show there is the fact that there is no negotiation with these smart contracts. There's no arbiter, there's no trustee, there's no bankruptcy attorney, and it's just the code. And we can use that same type of decentralized, smart, contract based software that does not negotiate to offer regulatory compliance. We can bake into the system that a person is not able to enter a trading venue unless they have been approved for anti money laundering. Know your clients. We can bake into the system that certain margin and collateral requirements that are transparent. So you could basically tell that if someone does get margin called like Alameda, they're blown out and they're forced to sell the collateral, unlike what happened where we had this opaque backdoor. And essentially, Alameda was able to run a book that would normally have been margin called and basically grow their deficit with other people's money that didn't allow it. So basically, we've seen the building blocks and actually the solutions to these problems, and they lie in the technology that is actually being built.
Speaker B: Yeah, and that's a really interesting point that you bring up. The FTX Alameda relationship. I believe in the interview with the Wall Street Journal, Sam Bankman Fried was asked about that, and I believe what his response was that Alameda had the ability to put on larger positions without being margin call. But that's something that's still very much being sorted out, and I'm sure we're going to hear much more about it as these lawsuits and criminal prosecutions continue. But let's talk a little bit about the mechanisms here to give people a sense of how this works. You talked a little bit about how essentially these are secured with the laws of math and physics. Talk a little bit about why these smart contracts can get executed, why they are the creditors. The holders of those smart contracts are, in fact, the creditors that can be made whole. Explain a little bit about how that process works.
Speaker D: Well, essentially what we've done is we've tokenized legal agreements and digitized the legal agreements. And rather than kind of Microsoft Word documents, we have if then else statements, and those if then else statements contain digital tokens that represent value. And we can essentially programmatically impose clauses to an ISDA. So an international swap dealer association's derivatives contract, for example. And basically what we were able to do, or what we are able to do, is programmatically impose these rules. And as long as the smart contract is live and running, there is no way to renegotiate out of that.
Speaker B: Yeah. We should talk a little bit about your background here, because you are one of the ultimate Ethereum ogs. You're a co founder of Consensys. You were spending time with Vitalik on Ethereum in its very early days, trying to get people familiar with the idea, when basically there were no smart contract execution platforms. It was essentially bitcoin and other proof of work coins. Talk a little bit about how you got involved in this, what your background was, and why you saw this as something that had the opportunity to have real value add in terms of the proposition for the way Ethereum works. Sure.
Speaker D: So just one quick clarification. I didn't co found consensus. I co founded Consensus Capital, which was the asset manager and venture arm of consensus. But to your question, I was a nerd that studied economics and computer science, and my best computer science was in college. And it has been technically downhill. But I understood the architecture enough to meet Joseph Lubin, one of the co founders of the Ethereum project and the founder of Consensys, at the first ever Ethereum meetup in Manhattan. And basically we went down a rabbit hole of use cases where we could essentially have the ability to digitize legal agreements and to digitize assets and embed those digital assets into these legal agreements. So you could essentially increase the velocity of value and the tokenization of any asset. So we're talking about an electron on a micro grid, or an insurance policy, or someone's prescription, which you wouldn't necessarily consider to be an asset in the sense of a security, but it's an asset to themselves and it's unique to the prescriber, the insured, and to their diagnoses. You could basically programmatically have a better way of maintaining state of a database and to essentially move these assets quicker. And so we basically went down the rabbit hole and built the tooling, the infrastructure. We maintained three of the eight implementations of the Ethereum protocol, the Java client, the Haskell client, the.net client, and then the application layer. We basically created lots of different proofs of concepts that we scaled into applications. As a result of that, it created metamask, which is the most used wallethead in the space. I think there's close to 30 million monthly active users. To give you an idea that's about one 10th. So there's still a long ways to go. That's about one 10th the users of PayPal, but it's still material.
Speaker B: Hey everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium Wireless everybody get 30 30 better 20 2020 1515 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint mobile.com switch $45 up front for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time.
Speaker B: Unlimited more than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot. One of the interesting things you talked about there is this idea of tokenization of prescriptions, for example. I think that metaphor is an interesting one, and I've heard you talk about this in the past as an example of something that would be a token that clearly would seem not to be a security, meaning that many of the potential applications for this universe that you envision that you spend a great deal of time thinking about, not something that would look like a traditional security in the views of many people.
Speaker D: Yes, I think that's a great point. And what we've seen is that now that we can digitize all assets, I think that we've had these kind of blanket statements, particularly from Gary Gensler, and I do respect him and I do respect the SEC's intent for consumer protection. But I do believe that we as an industry would be much better, and I think consumers would be much better off if the SEC were to essentially develop an ontology for tokens. Some tokens are indeed securities. Some, I think, act much more like commodities. Some act like software licenses, and some act like basically consumer goods or pieces of art that aren't necessarily investment tools.
Speaker B: Hey, talk a little bit about what an ontology or taxonomy might look like, what the difference is, and why you think it's important.
Speaker D: I think basically we need to create a framework for any type of. So basically we can tokenize all assets. Now, an electron on a microgrid is very different from a non fungible token that is representing the intellectual property of a molecule. That could essentially be done for phase zero or phase one clinical trials, which is very different from a fiat currency, the US dollar, british pound, japanese yen, which is very different from a stock or a software license or a piece of art. I think basically we have to figure out a framework for defining which of these assets, which framework? Where they belong within the framework, and then understanding who is governing that. So if it's an insurance policy, that's a token where it says if the insured paid premium and there's x amount of rain and y amount of wind, then the insurance policy pays out. That should be governed by probably the insurance regulatory body versus if we have a token that has dividends and governance and stock ownership that should probably be governed by the SEC or a commodity, a token that represents a bar of gold or I think ether is a great example of a next generation digital commodity, a cryptographic fuel that would probably be best under CFTC purview. So basically, I think we have to understand where these digital tokens are because they are not created equal and they all represent different types of assets. And then we can't just apply retroactive frameworks to these assets. A lot of these securities, or all securities frameworks right now discuss aspects of prime brokerage and custody. These tokens are bearer assets. So you don't necessarily need, let's call it t plus three settlement, because there's an atomic swap, where the trade is the settlement when using tokens. So there's clarifications and updates that need to be made to securities frameworks when specifically designing tokens.
Speaker B: Andrew, just to translate into layman's terms, and to see if I understand you correctly, essentially what you're saying here is the capacity of this token world to tokenize just about everything and anything has just grown exponentially. And one of the challenges that we face here is that the law does not move as quickly as the code. It doesn't move as quickly as the technology. So when you talk about these ontologies, the idea here is to build a kind of a legal, a regulatory, a legislative framework, so that you have these kind of clear lines in the Sandheen, so that people who are interested in developing these solutions know, hey, if I stay within this box, this is where I'm safe. This is where I have safe harbor to do these things. And if I move from this box into this box, then I'm going to be regulated differently. I'm going to be regulated maybe by a different entity, different laws are going to apply, but just some framework that people can think about this stuff. So people who want to build, people who want to be good actors, who want to contribute to the space, have a way to do that, rather than this kind of legislation by enforcement, where you never know quite when you're gonna get wrapped on the knuckles.
Speaker D: I completely agree. And by and large, people want to comply. And regulatory clarity is the result of, is the recipe for growth. And I think that everyone in the industry that is or has been a benevolent actor would encourage thoughtful regulation and thoughtful debate on the regulatory clarity steps. And this is frankly what we need for the United States to win web three, similar to how the United States won Web two. And at this point, United States is lagging. Frankly, we picked the wrong battles in kind of going after the Kim Kardashians of the world when the FTX is of the world was right under our nose, unfortunately.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's such a good point. Listen, Andrew, we got a lot of crypto news flow that I want to catch our audience up on, but I also want to ask you this question. We've undergone a bit of a rally here, obviously, in bitcoin, and I know Ethereum, which you watch when we have a rally like we've seen for the past month, let's say, in Ethereum, going back to about January 3, was when we saw this run up from, looks like call it around 1200 bucks to about $1,570 right now, just under 1600. When we get a little rally like that, is that something you pay any attention to, or are you just kind of more strategic than that?
Speaker D: I absolutely pay attention to it. I am essentially ten years long on specific protocols like ethereum, so it doesn't rattle me. 25 direction in one direction or the other. 25% one direction or the other. I think specifically this one was, it was a simple short squeeze, I think. That being said, the global economy is still broken, and the crypto asset class that just hovers over a trillion dollars now is a fly on the tail of that dog, the global economy. So I do proceed with caution going forward, and I think that we are continuing to see improved fundamentals in terms of scalability, privacy, and users and developers onto, I would say, the crypto ecosystem. But there are bigger fish to fry in what we've seen in global macro.
Speaker B: Yeah, well said. So, Andrew, I want you to just catch our audience up on some news flow here. The world's largest crypto exchange is trying to shore up confidence. Binance will allow its institutional investors to keep the collateral for leverage positions off platform. The company says that firms will still have the option to post collateral with Binance custody. It will then hold the assets and so called cold storage, which means wallets are unconnected to the Internet. Binance says Binance custody is a separate legal entity registered in Lithuania. It was launched in 2021. Obviously, Binance is taking these actions after some significant problems at other centralized crypto entities. Andrews, I know you're a decentralized kind of guy. Thoughts on this?
Speaker D: So I think this is all a result of the counterparty risk that we saw happen in the Celsius FTX world last year. And simply put, if I wanted to do a 30 day call option with a counterparty, I would typically have to post that collateral with them. And I would say there's risk that everyone is assuming and recognizing. Now, not only is there the risk of the call option, in this case, for example, there's a 25% raise in the price over 15 days. So people that are basically selling call options probably are going to be called away. But there's also the counterparty risk in, I would just say, bankruptcy protection. This is a way for binance to continue to earn option premium while also removing that bankruptcy risk and counterparty risk. So I think it makes sense for them.
Speaker B: Okay, one more story, and this is, let's call it an interesting one. Some are hoping 2023 will be a comeback year for crypto, but they probably didn't have this in mind. Several news outlets are reporting a leaked pitch deck that shows founders of three AC, that's three IR's capital teaming up with Coinflex on a new venture. Three AC, the bankrupt crypto hedge fund funded by Suzu, or, excuse me, founded by Suzu and Kyle Davies. Coinflex is a bankrupt cryptocurrency exchange run by Mark Lamb and Sudo Aruma. Gone. According to the pitch, they're looking for funding for GTX. Yes, GTX, the name, apparently a pun on FTX, which would be a cryptocurrency exchange that would allow users to trade distressed crypto debt. Creditors of insolvent digital asset firms would be able to buy and sell claims. That includes their own credits, meaning creditors of Coinflex and three AC would be able to trade those distressed assets on this new platform. The idea has been met with a backlash from the industry. Probably not a surprise there. The CEO of Wintermute, the largest crypto market maker, has said he will not work with any investors in GTX. Coinflex has been forced to issue a statement on its blog. It says the idea for claims trading marketplace is, quote, an evolution of Coinflex's commitment to building open and transparent financial markets. They say Coinflex could be rebranded into a new entity, but GTX, they say, is only a placeholder name. I guess file this under can't make this up, particularly on the naming, uh, convention there. What do you think about this, Andrew?
Speaker D: I think in the United States, everyone is innocent to proven guilty. But I've noticed that the founders of three AC are in a non extraditable country and as explained in the media, there's been destruction of evidence with respect to kind of the three acous matter. And I'm amazed that they would come out and try to raise capital and build products when, frankly, there's more to come to light of the three AC fiduciary responsibility to their limited partners and shareholders.
Speaker B: Mike? Well, as you said, obviously everyone in the United States is innocent and brutal. Proven guilty criminal charges have not yet been filed in that case. There have been assertions made online, in media outlets, but those have not yet been adjudicated in a court of law. All that said, boy, the name alone. GTX. My God.
Speaker D: Yeah. Too close to home. Too soon. Too much.
Speaker B: Yeah. I want to talk a little bit here about Silvergate as well. Shares of Silvergate Capital are trading higher today. The shares had risen as high as 23% in morning trading. Looks like the stock price now is about 10% higher. Looks like on my screen, actually close to 8% declining. It's been pretty volatile, actually, today. This despite big losses in Silvergates quarterly earnings. Coindesk says the crypto friendly bank posted a net loss of $1 billion in the final three months of 2022. That compares to a net profit of 40 million in the preceding quarter and 18 million in net profit in the same quarter a year before. The bank saw an outflow of $8.1 billion in capital in Q 420 22 and was forced to lay off 40% of its workforce. So, obviously, some challenges at Silvergate, but share prices higher this morning after reporting a net loss, again, they'd been as high as 23% increase on the day trading. Right now, my screen looks like 14.29. Andrew, any thoughts about Silvergate and this sort of intersection aspect of the regulated banking system with the cryptocurrency ecosystem?
Speaker D: Silvergate was the golden boy of the banks, where they had a higher multiple banks trade two, three times book, and this was trading five, six times book. That said, it flew a little too close to the sun with respect to its relationship with FTX, and we saw a modern day real bank run. I think that the price action, even though there was the loss posted, is probably a similar result of a short squeeze where there were many that were on the other side of that trade. These are matters that get solved in months and years, not days and weeks. And it could have been just weekends on the side of the short.
Speaker B: Yeah, I don't know if I'm looking at the right number here, but on my screen, price of book looks like it's three tenths, basically. 0.3 on a price to earnings basis, which I do have on my screen and looks accurate, is 3.38.
Speaker D: And I think that's now if you look back, let's call it in. 21. It was trading, I think four and a half, 5.5 pe.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, that's what it looks like on the screen as well. Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real vision crypto daily briefing. So, Andrew, one of the things I wanted to talk with you about, switching gears here a little bit, is your 2023 predictions. Obviously a lot about the roadmap for Ethereum Shanghaide, the ability to access staked assets. Tell us a little bit before we get into some of your other predictions for 2023, where you think the ethereum ecosystem is today, where it's going, what you're most optimistic about, and also some potential risks that you may see in the ethereum ecosystem because you're closer to it than most.
Speaker D: Sure. I would just say, simply put, Ethereum is the largest ecosystem in the blockchain space by every metric except for market captain, where bitcoin is in that hegemonic position. And Ethereum is number two in terms of developers transactions, value locked on the ecosystem, applications being built, GitHub repositories, other blockchains that anchor to it or connect through it via bridges or layer two scaling solutions. It is my firm belief that Ethereum is the substrate of the digital global economy and essentially everything is either connecting to it or anchoring to it via sidechain or via layer two. I think last year, the news of last year was actually that proof of stake happened where this gigantic blockchain that was garnering hundreds of millions, hundreds of billions of value and had a $20 billion trust system in its proof of stake network was able to change from proof of work, thereby essentially reducing its carbon footprint 99.95%, becoming deflationary in its economics and, and essentially front running the ability for what's called sharding, which is the ability to essentially scale the network, which is what we're going to be seeing in 2023. Now that proof of stake has happened, we're going to see multiple attempts at improving scalability at the base layer and through layer two scaling.
Speaker B: Yeah, I know that you are very close to the Ethereum ecosystem. It's really interesting, I never heard anyone say that before, that Ethereum is the largest cryptocurrency by every metric except for market cap. It's an interesting point. Any risks or concerns that you see ahead? Obviously these are major migrations, major changes to the code base of Ethereum. Do you have any concerns about the smoothness of some of these transfers as we go through all of the other major hops?
Speaker D: I think the big one just happened. We are constantly in a byzantine environment where the network could obviously be attacked. And I think the largest change was through proof of stake. The withdrawal systems, I think will be very straightforward. It's actually been built already and there are already testnets proving the withdrawal systems to work smoothly. And then dent sharding, I think can be rolled out, I would imagine Q three, Q four. I think with all software there can be delays. And this is building bleeding edge protocol layer development. This isn't just updating an application. I think probably the biggest issue is delay rather than risk that it's not going to quote unquote work because the way that these are tested before they go live, Ethereum's essentially batting 1000 if you've seen any of the upgrades since it went live in 2014. So we're coming up on ten years. I think there have been seven, eight major upgrades and there hasn't been anything detrimental with any of these upgrades. Everyone has actually worked very smoothly. So I think if there is an issue, it's just a slight delay in time.
Speaker B: It's nearly time for some viewer questions. But before that, for those of you watching on the real Vision website, thank you. If you haven't signed up there yet, check it out at real vision.com forward slash crypto. That's real Vision.com forward slash crypto. That's the best way to get early access to real Vision crypto content. We just released Ral's new interview with Kevin Rose. All you have to do to watch it today is sign up for free on our website. Again, that's real vision.com forward slash crypto. If you're watching on YouTube, please like and subscribe and hit the notification bell. By the way, if you're watching on YouTube, jump into the comments. I'm always in those comments while we're doing this. These are the live streaming comments on YouTube. It's fun to get to, you know, engage with people who are asking questions there. Talking of which, Andrew, this great question from Bandit 88 99 on YouTube. I think this is a really interesting one and you're the perfect guest to answer it. Everybody is talking about a multi chain world. Do you believe in a multi chain world? If not, can you tell how Ethereum could handle all world assets? So essentially, he's asking, are you a multi chain guy? And if not, if you're just a pure EtH play, how does Ethereum manage to sort of encompass this massive constellation of potential assets?
Speaker D: Sure, sure. I do believe in a multi chain world in the same way I believe in a multi search engine environment. In that analogy, 85% of searches happen on Google, and there's probably another 50 search engines like Ask Jeeves and Bing and Yahoo that fight for the other 15%. And the data, frankly, the evidence has pointed us into the direction of transactions occurring on Ethereum. Liquidity swarming to Ethereum. And I would just say, using that kind of the back of the napkin, this 80 515 rule. And of the other chains, it's important to understand their virtual machines. Without getting too technical, all of the, or many of the other chains actually run the Ethereum virtual machine. So avalanche, as an example, binance, smart chain, are all EVM chains. And then the layer two ecosystems are all anchoring to Ethereum. So I think that kind of competitor layer ones are actually in competition with ethereum layer two s like arbitrum, optimism, Zk sync in the zero knowledge version of a roll up, and optimism, and arbitrum being an optimistic version of the roll up. And I think the main issue is that I am not yet a believer in bridges. We've seen lots of hacks that happen where the state's maintained on both sides. And I do believe that the state does need to reside and be anchored in one substrate. And what we've seen work well is an optimistic roll up or zero knowledge roll up anchoring to Ethereum. So basically, you have kind of one referee of the data, whereas if you have, let's say, avalanche to Cosmos, you have kind of two referees that could argue over where that data or where those assets reside. So I would say the other layer ones have to find their use case and where they're going to thrive. But I do think that the majority of the action will reside on Ethereum and its layer twos.
Speaker B: Yeah. Here's kind of a cynical question and comment from Gandalf Gray, which, by the way, we always welcome here on real vision. I in particular. So he, meaning you, Andrew, brought up Ethereum reducing its power by 99.9%. The other thing it did for Ethereum was reduced its security by 99.9%. I know this is something we hear from, from bitcoiners quite frequently, and he says you can't have all three in the trifecta of security, decentralization, and speed. Thoughts? Andrew? Obviously a question from Gandalf, who, someone who's obviously clearly thought about this a great deal. What do you say to people who make this comment about reducing security?
Speaker D: I would actually argue that it has improved security, and basically the value needed to attack a proof of state network is far greater than the 51% needed to attack a proof of work environment. And we have not seen any rollbacks, any issues at the protocol layer. So frankly, until I find evidence where the protocol and its data is attacked successfully, I would argue that it is more decentralized and consuming less carbon and achieving the same goals that it did with proof of work.
Speaker B: Talk a little bit about how those security enhancements, in your view, happen under the proof of stake environment. You mentioned that you believe it actually requires more power, more capital, more resources to attack a proof of stake network. One of the challenges, I think, in this space is that there's just less data in terms of number of years that people have been trying in this adversarial system to hack those systems. Why do you believe that they are going to be inherently more secure than proof of work?
Speaker D: Well, basically, in order to attack the bitcoin network, you would need over 51% of the adversaries, and with the proof of stake network, you would need close to 66%. And you would have to be able to do that for a long period of time. And if you were to attack via proof of stake, the only way to attack via proof of stake is you actually have to deposit your assets. So in this example, staked ether, and if the network were to understand that you were being malicious and essentially verifying improper data, your staked ether would be slashed. So basically there's this slashing that happens where the only way that you can actually attack it and change the, the protocol from working is by depositing assets into the system. And that's what the system is built to prevent against. So basically, you have to put up more money. And that money, unlike proof of work, where if you can just direct hardware and then you can shut it off in proof of stake, you basically have placed the deposit in order to be one of the validators of the network.
Speaker B: Here's a great question that just came in like a second ago from Bill Tippett. What slash? Who has the solution to ETH versus eth discount? Obviously something we were talking about earlier in the show. Basically, you see these trading assets trading at a significant discount to net asset value. Is there a solution, in your view, to this arbitrage opportunity? If we can call it that, it's.
Speaker D: An ETF, that's really the only way that I unfortunately see this happening. And I feel bad for the people that acquired these assets because this is obviously not how it's intended to operate. And frankly, it's been printing money for the grayscale. I joked that unfortunately it was the most successful product in blockchain and it was kind of centralized and I would say value extractive, and now it's upside down. But I think the only way that this is going to potentially resolve to par is by an ETF Ed.
Speaker B: So two quick points just to clarify here for people who aren't following this as closely as you are, Andrew. So when you're talking about this being upside down, historically it had been trading at a premium to net asset value. Now, obviously it's underwater relative to net asset value, to the tune of almost 50%. Looks like 47% on my screen right now. And when you say it's an ETF, currently, of course, it's a closed end fund. When you say it's an ETF, you mean the solution to it is to move to an ETF. Because the structure of an ETF versus a closed end fund allows for essentially a continual rebalance of that so that you can then essentially move between the two assets more seamlessly. When you have a closed end fund, you can't create and destroy those shares to keep in line with net asset value on a daily basis.
Speaker D: Exactly.
Speaker B: Okay. Some great questions, really active questions today. I appreciate it, guys. Thanks. And keep jumping in with them every day. We love it. Let's talk a little bit about some of your other predictions for 2023, because you had some that were outside of the Ethereum ecosystem, particularly around regulation, around the Fed, around chartered banks. Tell us some of those ideas that you had for 2023.
Speaker D: I think a great way for crypto to exist in a regulatory compliant way is for banks to be able to offer services where they could essentially custody. They could have staking, they could have over the counter trading or exchange book trading, and it could operate under banking licensure. So that was one example of a way that I think that you could have regulatory compliance while still maintaining the decentralized nature of banks still being the access point for these assets.
Speaker B: Andrew, fantastic conversation, as it always is when you join us on the show. We covered a lot of ground here today, talked about a lot of different subjects. Final thoughts, key takeaways that you'd like to leave our viewers with.
Speaker D: We should not conflate the centralized intermediaries that potentially committed fraud and were unregulated with the promise of this technology, which is the complete opposite, that is decentralized, smart, contract based, and can embed transparency and regulatory compliance.
Speaker B: Yeah, you know, for me, too, Andrew, this is really very much about decentralization, the promise that holds in the migration path it takes to get there. I think the best comment that I had was one of the guys from framework ventures. I think it was Vance who said on this show that essentially, if Sam Bankman Fried had been running a laundromat instead of a crypto exchange, some of these allegations, and they are just allegations at this point, obviously, innocent until proven guilty could have taken place. These are in no way inherent to the crypto ecosystem per se. These are things that we've seen happen obviously in other spaces. And this migration path to true decentralization, to smart contracts, to essentially being secured not by trust, not by paper contracts, but by the laws of math and physics, that really is the big story here, Andrew, and no one articulates that narrative better than you do. So thank you so much for joining us again on the show. Really a pleasure having you with us today.
Speaker D: Thanks for having me, guys. Go real vision.
Speaker B: Thank you. For those of you watching on YouTube, if you're not a real vision crypto subscriber yet, don't forget, it's free. Head to real Vision.com crypto and subscribe and hit the notification bell here for good measure as well. That way you can always stay up to date on the latest crypto news and analysis. And I should add, jump into the conversation that we're having in the convert, in the, in the comments. Obviously a blast there today. Lots of activity, lots of great questions, and I think they made the show much better. That's it for today. Will Clemente will join us tomorrow with the latest technical analysis. See you at noon Eastern, 05:00 p.m. london time, 09:00 a.m. on the West coast live on real vision crypto daily briefing. Have a great afternoon, everybody.
