Speaker A: Hey there. Before we get started with the show, we just want to let you know today's crypto daily briefing is in partnership with the crypto Phenom letter. This is a one of a kind premium investment newsletter service that highlights the next winners coming in. Cryptocurrency tokens and equities get special access Today@phenomcrypto.com. realvision. That's phenomcrypto.com realvision.
Speaker B: What's going on, guys? Welcome to the real vision Crypto Daily briefing. Diego Gutierrez Saldivar, co founder and CEO of Iov Labs and Paychen, chief growth officer at IOV Labs. Join me today. Welcome, guys.
Speaker C: Thank you, Ash. Very happy to be here.
Speaker B: Very happy to have you. Very excited to be talking about bitcoin and all the latest developments on that network. But first, I want to take a look at some prices. Bitcoin right now trading at 26,690, trailing seven day basis. It's basically off, call it about 0.8%. Ethereum, very similar looking chart here. $1,853 trailing seven day basis. Off about half a percent. One day basis, it's up about 1%. Looking now at some other protocols here. Boy, these are some ugly charts, and they all have the same pattern. Let's look right now at BNB. This is the binance coin. Off 13% trailing seven days. Let's go to Solana. Boy, you could be mistaken for thinking it was the same chart part. It's not just the same pattern. Trading right now, 18,000.86, just shy of $19. Off trailing seven day basis, about 9%. Cardano. There you see it. Same pattern again. Trading at $0.32 on my screen, off 10% trailing seven day basis. Polygon, also known as matic, right now at seven, seven, seven, 0.77. I should say you already knew that. Off about 13% on a trailing seven day basis. Not a pretty pattern there. Obviously, some news flow pushing those protocols downward. Okay. Shifting gears away from those coins and back to bitcoin. Guys, welcome to the show. Really excited to have you here. Let's talk a little bit about what you guys do at iov labs.
Speaker C: Well, may, if I may be, I can start. I think it's a IOE labs. It's an organization that has many, many years of existence in the crypto world, which is not so common. It started in January 2016. Although the ideas and the reason why it started come like, way back to. We can connect them to 2012 or back to 2012 2013 with the beginnings of the bitcoin community in Argentina. So we started to try to sort out the problems of adoption, bitcoin adoption, and the province in Latin America. And over the years, IOE Labs created the source code of rootstock, the smart contract platform, the first layer two, the first sidechain to bitcoin that went live in 2018. And then we kept building protocols, the rift protocols, to sort out scalability, usability and interoperability needs to create what, in our vision, is the Internet of value, a new network of networks for the sovereign handling of value built on top of bitcoin. So that's a little bit, sorry for the long description, but that's what we do.
Speaker B: We love the deep context here. Diego Pei, tell us a little bit about your journey at your firm and also about how you got involved in the first place in the world of digital assets, specifically bitcoin.
Speaker D: Absolutely. I think my journey at LLV is relatively short compared to Diego. So I joined the company about a year and a half ago. And the interesting thing is that it went from the Ethereum camp to the bitcoin camp in pursuit of what else can actually be built on top of bitcoin. After living my life in crypto, simply just like DeFi on Ethereum. And what I found is actually quite a quite interesting, I very quickly got involved in the development work in the emerging market side. As chief growth officer, I'm very involved in specific opportunities and utilities. We're building with our technology, thinking about as the earliest and still pretty much the most active sidechain community on bitcoin. How can we rebuild our leadership? And how can we actually take advantage of this recent trend of building activities on top bitcoin and actually bring our technology to market? So I would say that from 2016 to 20 1819, I think ILv, as a key contributor to the Rootstock community, was very much building that foundation. And then we created a lot of primitives by working with our anchoring projects such as sovereignty and money on chain. So it's stablecoin, it's the trading platform for Defi and all of that basic functionalities. But now we are in the phase that we're thinking out loud of. How can we engage the broader community, not just the bitcoin builders, but also the entire web, three builders, the builders that have done solidity, ethereum and other layer ones. How can they actually now come join us and building the next area for the bitcoin? So basically, we're engaging them through a variety of activities. We have grants program that we rolled out this year, and we are working with tier one fintechs and web three companies, building out utility driven use cases like remittances. That's still the holy grail that a lot of layer ones and haven't been able to tap into for real. And we're thinking about savings and wealth protections in specific pockets of the world where crypto is actually the best suited for, right? Like Argentina, Colombia, and all those markets where people really need a much more sensible way to save their wealth and run away from the hyperinflation. So those are some of my key focus.
Speaker B: So let's back up the boss a little bit and do some definitions here for people who may be relatively new to this and hearing about it for the first time. Let's talk about rootstock and sovereign. Let's talk a little bit about what that means, what the functionality is, and what the current state of play with those technologies are in the bitcoin ecosystem.
Speaker C: Absolutely. Rootstock is, as I mentioned, is a layer two to bitcoin, is the first layer two in existence, and has been running since January, actually the birthday of bitcoin, January 3, 2018, with 100% uptime, no stops. What we did when we build rootstock was combined two things, is that we combine the bitcoin infrastructure, bitcoin as a native currency. That's why Rootstock is a sidechain and brought the functionality of Ethereum into a second layer. Roosto has all the capabilities of Ethereum, has solidity support, all the APIs interfaces are exactly the same. And then we started building, as Pei mentioned, with sovereign, with tropicals, with money on chain, with the leading protocols in our ecosystem. Building first a peer to peer monetary system on top of bitcoin, where you could have a stable assets that are fully collateralized with bitcoin. That's the case of money on chains, dollar and the zero dollar from some sovereignty. And then on top of that, the basic financial primitives that people need some day to day. It's like once you have stable assets, you have bitcoin, then you want to have lending systems, trading systems, exchange systems. So in a way, the ecosystem started building all those primitives, and we have been working together with them in Latin America to also create the bridges between this rootstock ecosystem and economy that is global by design, that is secured by the bitcoin miners and the local economies, because you need to create those breaches, and that's the process we are into.
Speaker B: So essentially, rootstock is basically a layer that provides similar functionality to what you might see in ethereum, also known as a smart contract layer being built on top of bitcoin. Bitcoin is used for settlement on rootstock, correct?
Speaker C: Correct. For settlement and as collateral. In the case of the stable assets, the truly centralized stable assets that we have, which in my opinion are the sturdiest, the more robust stable assets you can have in the world today, because they don't have counterparty risk, they have platform risk. But unlike counterparty risk, that only the chances of failure increases with time, in the case of protocols and protocol risk is like with time, you have less and less chances of failure. And for example, money on chain has been running since 2019. It went through the crash, the flash crash of 50% on bitcoin in 2020, flawlessly. It went through the latest crashes as well. So it's a stable asset protocol that has survived huge crashes and has arrived and now has 70 million TVL. So you have a big bounty for hackers. If they want to hack it, they can get that sweet pot of money. And I think, of course, the main challenge we have is adoption. And I think that's where Bay and all the team and the work we are doing today with different hackathons, bounties and work with the traditional fintechs as well in the region, will come into place. It's like how we take these amazing tools, these tools that have survived the test of time, reach the hands of the regular people, the people who need everyday Defi, not sophisticated Defi. DeFi for everyday needs.
Speaker D: Yeah, I would add to that by saying, because just to answer Ash's question, right, where is the technology at? What does the stack look like today? I think the most incredible thing about the rootstock is so far, it started with a super strong narrative, I think, back in 2015, 2016, is this is to combine the security of bitcoin and the programmability and compatibility of Ethereum. Meaning this platform is supposed to expand the bitcoin network by giving it the smart contract capabilities. Right. And we did it in the most pragmatic way that. Let's just go with the solidity that's for Ethereum, and therefore you have this merge mining component that is super secure with the most secure network.
Speaker B: Let's jump in and define some of those terms for folks who may not know specifically. Merge mining is the simultaneous mining of multiple coins at the same time. Talk a little bit about how that plays a role in this particular ecosystem today.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think it's very important because when you have a layer two to bitcoin, you have three elements that make a layer two and not all layer two has all the elements. Every layer two anchors the late status of the network, of the secondary network into the primary network. Bitcoin.
Speaker D: No.
Speaker C: So they anchor every certain period of time. What is the latest state of the network in the primary that all layer two do? A sidechain specifically needs also to have bitcoin as their native currency. And that happens with rootstock. That was the first sidechain to exist, and then liquid came right after. So both of those networks have also bitcoin as their native currency. That's the second element. But the third element is unique to Roostok. That is the merge mining. And what merge mining does is it incentivizes, it provides new revenue streams for bitcoin miners to protect a second network. The main challenge we had when we started with Roosto was how we could create merge mining of two networks, of bitcoin and Rosto at the same time without impacting the efficiency, the revenue streams on the bitcoin side. And we managed to do that. That was like one of our first technological achievements, by sinking the polling in the mining process of bitcoin with the creation of the new blocks in the rootstock network. The Rootstock network has blocks every 30 seconds, and that's exactly the same time when the bitcoin miners update the block template, like all the transactions that get into the bitcoin blocks. So by doing that, we avoided any impact, economic impact, on the bitcoin side of mining, and we added a new revenue stream for bitcoin miners. So in that sense, bluestock is unique, because every smart contract transaction, every NFT minted, every ordinary minted in Rostov, actually is paying fees to the bitcoin miners. So it's making bitcoin stronger, not only as a currency, as an asset, but making the bitcoin network stronger. That's very unique. And I think it was part of our initial decision making process. It's like why we decided not to mint a separate currency or token for Roosto, why we decided to use merge mining, because we also wanted to protect bitcoin. We wanted to have a network that would add new functionalities, new use cases to the bitcoin ecosystem, but contributing to the infrastructure and contributing to bitcoin as an asset as well.
Speaker B: Right. You also mentioned solidity, which is the smart contract language of Ethereum. Talk a little bit about how the functionality and rootstock compares to Ethereum smart contract functionality, which I think is what most people who think about smart contracts are probably a little bit more familiar with.
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah. Essentially, everything that's been enabled on Ethereum right through solidity either have already been built on rootstock at the application level, or can be so technically can be enabled. So it's very much think about this is if you are a developer working on Ethereum with a specific use case, you can completely just port the codes and everything to roost doc with a very minor configuration or tweaking on the code level. But it's essentially the same functionality if you think about stable coin minting that is available on rootstock. And if you think about Dexs P two p trading that's enabled by our projects, lending and borrowing, being at the primary and the biggest use case, proven use case on Ethereum currently is being enabled on rootstock. So the functionality wise, I think technically speaking, the one thing I would say would be very different is how nfts are being supported and created. So if you look at the ERC 721 based nfts on Ethereum, it is very much a URL linked data management. It's not the actual thing, but it's not everything stored on chain. But you can point that URL, then points to the storage and the original asset versus the nfts on bitcoin and later on and on rootstock is it could be very much. It's completely different mechanism. It's inscription technology that is everything stored on chain. It's inscribed at Satoshi level on the bitcoin and can be soon moved onto the rootstock and build that economy out. And there's no URL, there's no concerns about the counterparty risk or the actual asset. Whereas it sits. It sits on the top of the bitcoin, essentially on top of rootstock.
Speaker B: I want you to talk a little bit more about the latin american use case for bitcoin specifically. If you live here in the United States and someone asks you what the price of bitcoin is, you say it's about $26,000, as we quoted in the top of the show, obviously off about 60 or so percent from its November 2021 high of 69,000 or thereabout. But what if I were to tell you that bitcoin is at or near its all time high? Well, it is. If you look at BTC Ars, this is bitcoin price in argentine pesos. Let's take a look at that chart, if we can. There you see it, very close, obviously to a peak in late 21 that we saw in November. But this is all about the deteriorating value of the argentine currency, and it really is an incredibly powerful chart. When you see it and you think about it, I know we talk about the United States. I'm based here. A lot of real vision folks are. But bitcoin is very much a global phenomenon. When you look at that chart, it really does resonate to folks who are essentially stuck using a currency where their hard labor is being devalued every day. They keep money in the bank or money underneath the mattress. This really is a significant problem for a great percentage of the world. Diego, talk a little bit about the use case as a store value as well as a medium of exchange in Latin America. This is something I'm incredibly interested in.
Speaker C: Absolutely. I think I always say, why the crypto? I mean, why bitcoin community? And the crypto community has grown so much in Argentina in particular, in Latin America in general. But Argentina in particular, it's the home of many of the leading projects, crypto projects and bitcoin projects in the world. And I think the main reason is because Argentina has, first, a tradition of decades of financial system failing people. So, you know, Baleen's, we had in 2001, Baleen's where everybody got their money locked in banks, and when they. It went out of the banking system, it was worth one quarter of their initial value. So one year later, you have one quarter. And this was people's life savings? No, it was like the. And all of us, like every Argentinian has a family member where it's your father, your grandpa, or somebody that lost, like, three quarters of their total savings in that event. So for us, this understanding of why we need to protect our wealth, why we cannot trust, like, centralized systems, it's very clear, which maybe in the first world is tougher to understand because you don't have that tough experience we went through that combined with hyperinflation and other big problems we have in the region. And the other thing is, Argentina in particular is very prone to technology, very friendly with technology. We were one of the first countries to develop social networks. Buenos Aires in particular is a cosmopolis, so it has very good connectivity, great developers. It's like, at the end, it's like something. We used to talk with Andreas Antonopoulos when he was coming to bitcoin. The Latin American Bitcoin conference I co created in 2013 was like, when you come to Latin America, you don't need to explain why bitcoin is like, people understand why bitcoin, whether because you want to protect your wealth from corrupt governments or you want to protect your wealth from hyperinflation and. And extremely unstable economies, bitcoin makes sense, but also I think, and that's why Roostok was born and rebuild it. Most people cannot afford to be exposed to the volatility except in extreme situations of bitcoin all the time. So most people need to have also this, what now we call stable assets. They need to have access to the dollar. And that's why actually people in Argentina, when they protect their wealth, they go to the dollar. I think Argentina is one of the countries with more physical dollars in the world, after the US. So that's crazy. It's like people storing their value under the mattress.
Speaker B: And storing it in dollars. Guys, there's so much to talk about here, so many topics I want to cover. I wish we had 3 hours for this conversation, but I really want to ask you guys this question, which is about the news flow this week with regard to SEC finance and Coinbase. This is an interesting question, really two questions here. First, what's your view on what's happening in SEC with SEC? And second, what's the view in the bitcoin community about this? I think a lot of people who are not bitcoiners themselves may see that as a little bit counterintuitive because there's been a lot of interesting chatter on uh, whats happening with regard to the SEC in the bitcoin community.
Speaker C: Well, I.
Speaker B: Maybe we should start with that question, actually, the second one first. Uh, talk a little bit about the view from bitcoiners about whats happened this week with SEC and Binance and Coinbase.
Speaker C: Yeah, sorry, maybe pei, you want to share something? And then I will do like uh. You know, ive been a bitcoiner for eleven years, so. And you know, im a very particular.
Speaker D: Type of bitcoiner because I think I can do the primer because I'm a more neutral. Having been in multiple ecosystems. I think I've heard a lot of extreme views about this. And sadly there are also bitcoiners who are cheering for the situations and the currently vaccinated.
Speaker B: Explain why that would be for people who may not be as familiar with it as you are. Obviously.
Speaker D: I think it's, you know, obviously if we're being fair here, the two exchanges, Coinbase, binance, are probably the two driving force, if not like the biggest driving forces of the people on boarding onto crypto, bitcoin specific. Right. In the early days, I felt their contribution is not to be undermined, but at the same time, over time, they've kind of onboarded a lot of other alternative or additional assets, which kind of create a certain impression and stir the certain feeling of the bitcoin community. And also within bitcoin community, it's quite complicated segregate segments as well. There's the maxi camp, I'm sure you hear about all the time, and there's the working class or the plebs community, where they are simply just adopting as a citizen, bitcoin native citizen. Then you have the builders and infrastructure technologists such as our companies, our teams, our engineers. They're all very different. So I think their perceptions towards the incident, like the events that currently are happening, can be from one side of the spectrum to the other. And I think overall, the definition of book the corner also is probably worthwhile challenging and questioning. At this point, it's like its not just bitcoiner anymore, its the bitcoiner maxi, theres bitcoin plebs, theres bitcoin builders. Right. So if you ask me as someone whos in the third camp, I would say its unfortunate. And I think this is not putting a lot of confidence in the builders in our space to continue working in depth within the us territory. And what would that do as a business is that we have to hedge the risk. We have to pay close attention on how things are evolving. And we have already been kind of intentionally working a lot more with decentralized exchanges and non custodial wallets, for instance, instead of centralized and regulated organization, because we saw that coming. But this is obviously a very special, unique week where it's just dramatic.
Speaker B: Yeah. Diego, over to you for the first question. What's your view on what's happened here in the last week? What are the potential implications? How do you think it's going to shake out?
Speaker C: Well, I think what is happening is the US needs to protect the us dollar. And this is like, I think crypto is seen as one threat. I don't think it's like we are going into a multipolar world where you have also China creating economic networks around yuan, the renminbi. So it's not only crypto, but I think there is a threat. And under that umbrella, crypto is also receiving the heat. But I don't think it's necessarily against crypto at the end. At the same time, it's like, as Bei said, no, it's like I'm more of a position of being grateful with anybody that help people get in touch with bitcoin, although, you know, we also want to promote the values of decentralization, self sovereignty, and educate people so they understand, you know, that truly the principles of crypto are enforced and lived when you, when you own your own keys. So, no, it's like versus having intermediaries, but those intermediaries are breaches. No, it's like we are in a transitional phase. So we need the intermediaries to bring the regular people into a space and understand. And something over the years, I realize is people comes into crypto, into bitcoin because of the price rise, and they stay because they start understanding how self sovereignty, economic sovereignty, how valuable it is and more when the crisis comes. So people is like, you know, come for the money, stay for sometimes, because they understand the true value and use it in the crisis. So I think in that context, it's like we are in a moment where everything we have been building is more important than ever. And this having like alternatives, truly self sovereign and decentralized alternatives, like what we have in the roost ecosystem built on top of bitcoin and everything, are key for people, for the regular people. Then you have ideological points of view, and I might even agree and understand why Marxists feel like everything that is not bitcoin is a thread. But at the end, that's not the way. It's not that we will build something new, like stepping on the bodies of other people who fail to. To achieve their goals is like what we need is first, like foster diversity from diversity, be very clear and be intellectually honest about our values, but not impose on others. So it's like, it's enough to tell people the truth. It's like, I understand when Marxists get. Some Marxists get mad at people who actually tweak the truth or try to cover things. And I understand that feeling. But I think the true way of sorting that out is not smashing on others or being toxic, but educating. It's like telling things for what they are. We don't need to. Self sovereignty is important. Not your keys. Not your keys is true. It's like you need to understand that, but also be diverse and embracing of other things that are in between. Because decentralization is also a gradient. If you talk on DeFi protocols, there are certain trades off in terms of decentralization. And it's good that we have that continuum of decentralization.
Speaker B: And it's also a very significant sort of mental, philosophical leap for people who don't have backgrounds in computer science and analytic philosophy and economics, who don't have just the background to understand what this is. I think that's absolutely correct, that it is certainly a continuum of decentralization. And I think that was a very nuanced answer and very much appreciate it. Talking of which, nuanced and subtle questions, we've got some great ones coming in, and I just wanted to touch on.
Speaker C: A few of these.
Speaker B: I know we don't have a lot of time left, but there are just some really great questions for our viewers and listeners coming into us right now. Christopher on the real Vision website, not asking a question, but making an observation. And this is great. He says, diego's quote from years ago still sticks in my head. We in South America have a fundamentally different relationship with money than you in America, he says. That clicked. I think that's just a very important point, particularly for people in America, to think about the fact that we've. We've been very fortunate to have had the currency that we've had over the last 5100 years. But not everyone everywhere in the world has had that experience. Not just South America, but across developing Asia and Africa. These have been really difficult problems and in fact, in eastern Europe as well, significant challenges with currency devaluation that lots of people around the world have faced.
Speaker C: Not only on the monetary side. Also, you have the lack of having a pretty decent political system and administrative system, like government systems. The level of corruption we have in Latin America is paramount. So it's like, for us, it's like, to take it into another direction is like when people say, no, if you don't have anything to hide, why you care about privacy? No, it's not like that. It's like you need to protect privacy for the moment. You need it. It's very easy to say you don't need to. I mean, you don't need to worry about having self sovereignty in terms of economic self sovereignty. When you have a system that more or less works and protects your rights, but when you have a system that is totally corrupt, that changes the rules all the time, that makes the life of entrepreneurs almost impossible.
Speaker B: And ordinary citizens as well.
Speaker C: Ordinary citizens as well. Then you understand that this is a tool that we need to protect, because otherwise, when the crisis hit your door, there won't be anywhere to go. So it's extremely relevant for Latin America, but I think it will be relevant for everybody in the world.
Speaker B: Let me just get in one true question here. This one comes first from Ralph on the real Vision website. Will the blockchain network get weaker as miners have less incentive to participate? I think what Ralph is referring here is the block reward tapering with the halving. Talk a little bit about the relationship, if you would, between block reward and transaction fees to incentivize miners on the bitcoin network.
Speaker C: I love that because it's actually why we build Rootstock like we build it. There are papers from 2012 describing, we knew this is not something that we are just realizing now. It's like in 2012, we knew that the subsidy, because basically what bitcoin did is it has a subsidy by emission, by issuance of new bitcoins in the early days in order to incentivize the network to operate until network fees can take over. We always knew that that subsidy would need to be replaced by transaction fees. So we knew that that eventually was going to make transaction fees on bitcoin pretty expensive and make the bitcoin network a settlement network more than a payment processing network. But that's why the design of Roostoff is so important. Because by having merge mining and having more scalability, but being denominated in bitcoin and paying the bitcoin miners what it creates is like it reduces the burden for the bitcoin network, for the layer one of bitcoin to take over the full economic burden of the operational cost. So you can, when rootstock reaches certain level of transactionality and operations, we will help keep the bitcoin transactions on layer one cheap and accessible. It's like they will still need to go up, but maybe they will be in the realm of a few dollars, maybe $10 and not go to 20, $30 and make it prohibitive, leave it for many use cases.
Speaker D: I would also add to. Yeah, sorry, just to add it to what TK Dieto just said is, I think the incentive model of bitcoin miners are a lot of times not being looked at by others. Right? Like the incentive model is not in a diminishing path, but it's in a transitional path, meaning that it's a combination of mining rewards, the BTC, as well as transaction fees. As Diego pointed out, over time, the portion of transaction fee incentive will overpower the portion of mining. And obviously, we're talking about years ahead. But they're already the biggest mining pools, the most, like strategic ones, are already placing strategies in place so that they are ahead of others in terms of insecure in the long term economic sustainability. And I'll give an example. For instance, one of our merger mining partners, Luxor acquired ordinals hub because they felt that would be a strategic move to give them sort of the key to the next phase of development growth. To tap into the asset and asset related transaction world is going to help them position themselves in the long term. So we're super excited about to see what's to come in that community and how we can help them.
Speaker B: Guys, I've really enjoyed this conversation. I'm sure our viewers and listeners have as well. I think we've all learned a great deal today in chatting with you guys. I just wanted to do quick final takeaways from each of you. We only got a few moments left. Let's start with you, Pei, since we started with Diego at the beginning. Final thoughts, key takeaways that you'd like to leave our audience with. 30 seconds or less.
Speaker D: I think we are entering, as the title indicated, a bitcoin renaissance period. And it's literal and it's real. And I think what's going to come is a lot more interesting creative ideas to be captured and executed on top of bitcoin or on side chains like rootstock. So I think my takeaways like let's, you know, build together. We have a lot of incentive programs in place such as the Rootstock grants program. It's on Roost IO slash grants. You can apply. We would love to work with builders from different areas to explore what would be the best use cases and utilities to be created on top of stock. So, and I think in six months time we're going to look at the bitcoin community and ecosystem and see a very completely different look.
Speaker B: Diego, final thoughts, 30 seconds.
Speaker C: I think, you know, this bitcoin was born out of a crisis, 2008 crisis. Now we are facing similar big crisis, but we are prepared now we are in a much better place. We have this ecosystem, we have the tools, we have communities. So although as bleak the future might look in the short term, I think we have the opportunity to turn this into a different direction. And bitcoin is at the heart of it. That's thinking and it will be quite different way of doing it than the one we had in the past years. I think we are moving from speculation into utility and everyday life needs. And yeah, so it's a huge opportunity. I'm very excited. I'm as excited or more excited than I was ten years ago.
Speaker B: Great conversation, guys. You'll have to come back and join us again soon for an update.
Speaker C: My pleasure, Ash. Thank you for inviting us.
Speaker B: That's it for today. Check out Real Vision website where we're currently running a festival of learning campaign focused on AI. You can get seven days of real vision premium access and insights for free. Head over to realvision.com festivaloflearning. That's real vision.com festival of Learning. We'll be back again tomorrow with Sergey Nazarov, co founder of chainlink. That's going to be a great show. Make sure not to miss us. See it at 09:00 a.m. pacific time, noon Eastern, 05:00 p.m. in London. Thanks for watching, everybody. Have a great day.
Speaker A: Hey, there. Thanks for joining us today. Just a reminder, today's crypto daily briefing is in partnership with the crypto Phenom letter. This one of a kind premium investment newsletter service highlights the next winners coming in. Cryptocurrency tokens and equities. Get special access today@phenomcrypto.com. realvision that's phenomcrypto.com.
