Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling wherever you sell. With Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps, and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your dollar one per month trial period@shopify.com.
Speaker B: Tech.
Speaker A: All lowercase. That's Shopify.com tech.
Speaker B: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance. Join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten. That's podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Now to the top analysis of today's crypto markets.
Speaker A: Rel, how are you, buddy? You there?
Speaker B: Always good. Can you hear me?
Speaker A: Yeah, you sound great.
Speaker B: Hey, good to see you, my world. Good to see you. Good to hear from you, my friend. How are you?
Speaker A: You are. I'm doing well. I'm doing well. Glad to. I was kind of away for a few days, and, you know, if you leave for four days now, the AI has already taken over by the time you get home.
Speaker B: It's ludicrous. It's ludicrous. I can't keep up. Just impossible.
Speaker A: Yes, we're going to start there in about 2 seconds. So listen, just to set the room, everybody. This is our weekly Tuesday spaces. We do this 11:00 a.m. as I've discussed, I've considered doing this more often, but we're really trying to favor quality over quantity. And the guests have really, truly been incredible. And I know people have valued these conversations. Next week, I have a feeling it'll be a sort of opposite vibe conversation. I have Jeff Booth, so we'll be talking more heavily, I think, about bitcoin next week. Everybody, please hit that little arrow button up at the top. Share this space, get more people in. And also, of course, this will be available for playback here on Twitter, but also on Spotify, Apple Music, everywhere that we have my podcast. But without further ado, I want to be respectful of everyone's time. So let's get started. Raoul, listen, I just sort of already hinted at it with that joke about AI. You've been on a bit of a tweet storm. I know that you just tried autogpt. I've seen quite a few things. You and I have had a lot of conversations about exponential technological growth. This is insane.
Speaker B: Yes. So the speed at which it's happening is surprising even those at the epicenter of AI itself. So people like Emma Mossack is a good friend of mine. Even he is like, I asked him to predict where might we be in five years? He goes, I have no idea where we're going to be by the end of the year, because things that he thought were going to take a year to develop happened in a month. Don't forget chat GPT went from zero to 100 million users in five weeks. Literally nothing on earth has ever happened like this before. So we kind of get our heads around that and our heads around mid journey, and it's incredible development in terms of the kind of photorealistic art. Then we know that text to video is coming, and that's going to come at scale as well, and that's going to happen in the next month or so. And then on top of it, we launch all this kind of agent based auto GPT, which basically is creating your own intern, but skilled intern to be able to do pretty much anything. Now, it's early stage, but it got announced last week and already by the weekend there were about six major projects built using it. I don't even know who these people are building this stuff and how they can do it at such speed, but it's crazy. And that's the first iteration of that. So if we think of it as its GPT-3 moment, where the hell are these agents in a year's time? These are basically autonomous AI's that conduct tasks for you and can work together to create complex tasks. So let's say, I mean, I asked it to write me a newsletter based around the recent developments of AI, but also brand it the exponential age, create a branding for it, and then create it into a PDF. Now, I didn't know how to do the prompts, it was my first time, but I got quite a long way along that with it, with only two prompts. And I'm like, oh my God, what does this even mean? So it means that the replacement of knowledge workers and the enhancement of knowledge at scale. Knowledge doesn't become a scarcity, expertise doesn't become a scarcity, it becomes an abundance thing. Nobody's really ready for that. But when we're talking about exponential age technologies, we've already seen, you and I, Scott, have been all over this crypto and how fast that was. That was the fastest adoption of any technology, and we probably haven't even had the chat GPT moment there yet. But then coming hot on the heels is, I think the Apple announcement that comes of their. Whatever their big mega show is. I think that's going to be their new headset. Plus this new Nerf technologies that I've just been tweeting about, which is basically 3d renditioning of spaces, which allows you to create photorealistic metaverse experiences. Okay? They've been working on that for a long time. So that's coming on top of it. We've got the rise of the robots, and that's the self driving cars. And within the next couple of years, we're going to see a plethora of self driving cars around, as you know, whether it's Google, whether it's Tesla and a bunch of others start scaling that out. So that's basically robots combined with Aihdem and so on and so forth. I mean, it keeps going and keeps going. I mean, I even looked at this when Elon bought Twitter. I said, he has no interest in a social media platform. That's all upfront. What he's actually buying is one of the best sources of human interaction for trading AI. And he's basically announced that X AI is that it's the ability to get natural human conversation, both in long form, because that's the new long form tweets, plus the new sub stack ideas that are coming, plus short form, plus video, plus audio. That's a very powerful data set. And I'm sure he'll close off the APIs to Twitter. So then he gets the dataset. Now, why does he want that? Well, X AI is just part of a bigger plan, which is he also obviously owns Dojo, which is this massive supercomputer to create AI processing for the self driving cars for Tesla. But in addition, he's building the Optimus robot. So you've got robots and you've got all the humans in the world interacting on Twitter, and you've got the cars. It's like, okay, this is moving very, very fast.
Speaker A: Yeah. There's never been anything like it. And now it seems like even the fast things that took years take days. I read that auto GBT was only conceived two and a half weeks ago.
Speaker B: So what we're seeing here, and people are going to have to get used to this is going to be very, very unnerving, and we're all feeling it. It's like I cannot keep up with this, is we kind of began to get to grips with Metcalfe's law. So that is these kind of exponential adoptions. We've seen it in crypto, we've seen it in the Internet, we've seen it in mobile phones. All great. This, however, what's going on in AI is actually AI and all of these technologies together is creating something called Reid's law, which is Metcalfe's law squared. I've gone through and checked and I don't think there's any example of this in humanity. And we're going to have to deal with this at scale, globally, in a ridiculous period of time.
Speaker A: Yeah. I guess the next question becomes what's left for us? Right? And I'm not one of, I'm not a fear monger who believes that AI is coming for our jobs. I think that this just increases the individual human productivity by many multiples. But this is sort of, I joke about travel agents being replaced, obviously, by the Internet and kayak and Expedia and such, but it feels like we're just going to have thousands of jobs that are travel agents and it's going to be next month or six months.
Speaker B: Yeah, or next week at this rate. I mean, yes, yes. It's very disruptive to the labor force. As I've said to people who are arguing about sticky inflation, this is like a nuclear bomb of deflation that's just hit the world. I think it's the biggest advancement of any technology since probably the splitting of the atom in its massiveness of importance. It is fundamentally a change in society, how we work, how economies run, and that is all underway. I've been talking about this and writing about this for the last two or three years, saying this is all coming. And then I didn't realize how fast this was going to happen and what it was actually going to feel like. But it's like we're all in the media business as well as investing in a whole bunch of other things. I mean, Scott, you've been in the music business. Well, that's completely changed. You write newsletters. That's completely changed. You create content that's completely changed. The investing world. Well, that's going to completely change. I mean, what's left? I mean, everything. Everything is going to change.
Speaker A: I don't have the answer for that. And I feel like I'm so far behind it even now, I'm having meetings in the coming weeks with people who are master prompters and understand this stuff better than me because I do feel like it's either you learn how to prompt these and get the most out of it, or you will literally be left behind. I'm not saying that there won't be things for us all to do. But even from the first iteration of chat GPT, I was using it to help edit my newsletter. I immediately saw at least the value there. But like you just said, you could literally have it. Conceive of name brand and write your newsletter. I'm not going to do that.
Speaker B: But if you don't, somebody's going to do it. And then Scott's going to be walking around LA looking for another job. This is the issue we're facing. I mean, it's very real because there's some 24 year old who's figuring out how to do this, who's coming after your work.
Speaker A: Really crazy, Mark, I see you have your hand up. By the way, for the other guests who we do have up here, we will be adding more. Just feel free to jump in whenever you want. We don't need to be polite, Mark.
Speaker C: No, I just want to ask a question. So the question is quality. I don't see it. You guys have thoughts on oral? Do you have thoughts on the quality? Yeah, this tool is fast and it does things fast, but at least my experience is the quality is mediocre at best.
Speaker A: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker D: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this, for the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what with each vendor. Ramp software collects and verifies receipts instantly. To save your team valuable time, Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense, categorization, and bill payments, time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get dollar 250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy ramp.com easy ramp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank and celtic bank members have DIC terms and conditions apply.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'd argue differently, Mark. Hello, by the way, haven't spoken to you in a while. Argue? Well, I'd argue opposite. I mean, we've used it a lot. I've spent a lot of time playing around with it. We use it a lot at real vision of a whole different things. And it's the quality of the prompts that gives the quality of the output. The output is literally extraordinary. I've used it, whether it's for personal issues, I've used it for business planning, business strategy. I've used it for guiding assistance. It's more powerful than I think we yet understand. I think there was a, you know, when you see the interviews with, let's say, Sam Altman and Lex Fridman, or you see the one that the CEO of Microsoft did on 60 Minutes, all of these guys are like, we don't even know what we invented here. And we're seeing it learn itself in ways we didn't understand, which is what we saw with go. So this is not a fixed state thing because it's an exponential in how it learns as well, that whatever we think of it today is not where it is tomorrow. So I think it's very dangerous to underestimate the power of this and the quality statement today, because the quality statement today was different than it was yesterday and it was two months ago. So I would just keep a very open mind to what you think quality is versus the quality of the inputs and how to leverage this more powerfully. I mean, don't forget this autoGpt was built on top of chat GPT, and that's leveraging the same toolkit, but also the Internet as well. So that's become even more powerful than we possibly imagined.
Speaker A: Yeah, Raul, I was going to ask you specifically about that. Obviously, one of the criticisms of chat GPT is that it's using a data set that's 2021 and before. Does auto GPT now leverage real time data? I haven't even had a chance to look into that. And also, just really quickly to mark, I can tell you that the quality argument is so two weeks ago. I know that sounds nuts, but it improves, literally, with your ability to prompt, like you said, and just with the evolution of chat GPT four, it's really crazy, but go ahead.
Speaker C: But how much of your newsletter has been generating?
Speaker A: None by the tool. None of it is generated by the tool. But I'm a simpleton. I generally use it just to make sure that I don't have grammatical editors to edit and make myself sound a bit smarter. But I'm still not comfortable yet releasing that. Okay, I agree with you on that regard, Raoul.
Speaker C: How much of your content producer, you talk about how great the tool is, but I don't have much evidence of quality output that I've received. I've received some crappy stuff, but.
Speaker B: So we use AI for video editing. So descript allows us to put in a crate, also create transcript instantaneously. Transcripts not 100% perfect. With that transcript, we can then just go through the transcript, look at chunks of the video we want to take out, create a shortcut it creates that edits the video and does it. Or we can take bits of speech out, or you can put its own speech in. We've also used it for creating content. We've been experimenting internally with creating content in my voice and other people's voices, original content. And it can do that pretty well. We're already seeing it for newsletters. So we have newsletters that the editing first pass or the structure of a newsletter is written by AI. And we've only been using it for a month. So the marketing team have been using it, the content team have been using it. The product and engineering team are building on it and using it. So it's kind of coming at us from every angle. But everyone is new to it. We're all trying to learn how to get the most out of it. I'm seeing other people writing entire newsletters written by AI. And you're seeing a lot of posts on Twitter now that are completely AI written. These kind of long form posts. And they're pretty decent. And again, these are people who are not experts in doing this either. So.
Speaker C: Yeah, well, you went from great downgraded to pretty decent. So if I keep asking you questions, maybe we'll get to what I think, which is not very good.
Speaker A: I don't know. I've been testing it, Mark, and I will say some of it is really, really excellent. It's just that I haven't figured out how to work it into my flow yet. Right. And like, I think that I'm assuming that Raul, it's probably similar. The thing I struggle with is that I still want to read it and check it first. Right. And then. And have the original idea. But there are plenty of people who have just put it out into the wild to do, to do its own thing. I think the craziest part is how fast it's iterating on itself. And so, like, what we say today might be completely different in a week. I mean, auto GPT, literally, it's been like three weeks. And I have a friend who just booked an entire vacation using auto GPT to test it with a full schedule with childcare for his kids. It downloaded things to his computer, like apps that it needed to be able to continue the process without him doing any of it. I mean, it's pretty absurd.
Speaker B: Yeah, totally agree.
Speaker A: Bill, I saw you had had your hand up there. I don't know if you had a comment.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker E: Good morning, everyone. I've just been thinking about this for, I don't know, so like decades. I mean, I had the first machine learning classes I had 30 years ago at Stanford. I mean, things have evolved significantly, but a lot of the basic ideas of deep learning, generative models, you know, reinforcement learning, all the concepts that we've been building on for 30 years, I mean, it's, it's, it's largely a function of Moore's law playing itself out. Right. I think partially to both Mark's point and Rel's point, I think that we're in an exponential learning phase right now, and you're basically dealing with an infant that is learning at an exponential rate. And that infant is basically the sum total of everything happening in AI right now. And I think Raoul made the point that the expert in AI is saying he doesn't know what's going to happen. And I think the reason is that we intuitively understand and a lot of people don't, that.
Speaker A: I don't know. Did everyone lose Bill there? I did. If you guys could hear Bill, give a thumbs up.
Speaker E: If you can't, I'm sorry, did you.
Speaker A: Lose me for a second? But it seems you're back.
Speaker E: Just say we tend to think about exponential technologies at decades scale now, because every developer on the planet is going to start using these tools. We're going to see them at sub month scale, which we've never experienced as a human species before. And so I think Mark's point is fair, but at the same time, we've never seen an infant grow up in days as opposed to years. And I think that's what we're about to experience here. And we don't necessarily know the implications of that. But I can tell you we're not going to be having the discussion in a year of is the quality here great? It's going to be, how is your organization becoming exponential? Because you're able to take advantage of these tools and what they can do for you. Who are you replacing? How are you measuring productivity? The KPI's that we're going to be contemplating around this are going to be emerging over the next few weeks and months. And I'm telling you, every company on the planet is thinking about it. I just came back from a 360, which is Peter Diovanis's event, and half the event was reworked to basically help organizations become exponential thinking, AI centered organizations. And everyone is completely focused on how to integrate these tools into their organization right now. Now, we may find that, yeah, but Bill, go ahead.
Speaker C: Let me just ask one quick question. So I think your analogy is so spot on that it's an infant and we're treating it like an adulthood. Right. Which is the new thing. We all want to be our kids friends. But I think that the challenge I see is this tool. One, it uses all data. Two, and that will improve. It doesn't produce any insight. It actually imagines facts. It makes stuff up when it gets stumped and, and it doesn't sound natural because it's processing language, using rules, and that's not what humans do. So I just struggle with whether it is going to actually become intelligent. I actually don't think it's intelligent. I think it is artificial. But I don't know. I'm a skeptic at this point of this particular tool being so overwhelming because I hear people talk about, oh, I used it. But then when I ask people, okay, show me something you produced with it. There ain't a lot.
Speaker E: Yeah, I have a slightly different, well, I have a different experience. And get back to my experiences right now is every developer that I know is generating code at a significantly accelerated rate. Quality.
Speaker B: 42% of all. All GitHub code is now on a daily, weekly basis, is now generated by.
Speaker E: That's right, that's right. The point is that you have every developer in the world not only developing code, but also integrating now via these APIs that do give you access to real time decisioning. They give you access to live financial data, live travel data.
Speaker A: I lost Bill again there. I don't know if that's.
Speaker E: Sorry. Twitter doesn't shut the phone off. That's the problem. Twitter doesn't shut the phone off. That's the problem.
Speaker A: Anyway, you're getting calls.
Speaker E: So farmers are going to be making real time decisioning now. So I get that writing a newsletter may sound a little combination between a Harvard graduate student and a second grader. I don't mind that. But what I see is productivity gains exploding over globally over the next few years as a result of this.
Speaker A: Go ahead, Tom.
Speaker F: Yeah, thanks, guys. Thanks for calling me up. So just a bit of background. So I wrote for a long time from a story, now do my own independent research. A lot of that is macro focus and crypto focused. And I could tell you every day I sit down and with a blank page, try to think about a new and interesting topic to write about. And there's always three or four that I have going leveraging chat GPT, as long as you can build the scaffolding for what you want to write. I've been able to three to five x my output from simple things like here's the world's reserve currency and then the projections of where it could be going forward. I try to build that part myself. The background chat GPT gives me all of it. As long as I'm asking the right questions and plugging in the right data, it can substantially improve what you're looking for. So I think on the research, the writing side, all of these integrations are going to ten x, the researchers who can ask the right questions and know what they're doing and build the right frameworks and really leave a substantial piece of and portion of all of those folks who can't do this thing behind. To Rel's earlier point about social media, I think we're probably talking to a substantial amount of bots, and you don't actually already know it. I was working with a company the other day that essentially trains itself on all of your tweets, all of the content that you want, say you want, you want to tweet about cryptocurrency, defi, emerging trends, you plug that in, it scrapes Google News, it scrapes your Twitter feed, it writes it in your voice, and every 4 hours will send out a tweet based on that. And it keeps training itself until you get the content right. And then you basically don't have to be on Twitter anymore. And this stuff's already happening for Twitter, LinkedIn and others. So I think we're talking about security. We don't even know it. And I think, you know, the folks who can train these things and ask intelligent questions are really going to be the ones to jump ahead of.
Speaker A: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real vision crypto daily briefing. Go ahead, Mike. And after your comments, I want to move into how this actually impacts the crypto market. Go ahead, Mike.
Speaker C: Oh, hello.
Speaker G: Thanks for having me. I think this, to me, fits into the macro that I say. Okay, well, there's a lot I don't know about the specific trees of the artificial intelligence, but it's definitely the stage of suddenly from gradually, because I remember hearing about this when I was in undergrad, playing with that on a 486 computer. Just wasn't ready. But to me, this is what corporate leaders are getting that are typical, like Federal Reserve. People don't understand about significant deflationary trends that you mentioned, Jeff Booth nearly nailed in his book the Price of Tomorrow. I'm glad you're going to have him on soon. To me, that's what people really missed last year and are missing now. When I see things like producer price index is dropping at the fastest pace in history since 1948, and we have the Fed still tightening. Comedians, I just look at this. You just have to assume that the technology is moving so fast, it's so deflationary, and if you dump, you're falling behind. And that's the key thing I get at all conferences. I go to metals, to agriculture, to cryptos, to energy. It's a deer in the headlights look with what's happened with technology. A guy out on the farm said recently, Mike, I went to this event, John Deere showed me their new technology. It's shocking what they can do now with planting technology. That to me is what's accelerating. So I look from a macro standpoint with cryptos is this is deflationary trends that people thought were kind of over are reaccelerating. And in the macro, we saw the Fed still tight. So that's why I rope it in. And that's why I like to listen more of the specifics. Because to me in the macro, this is the big picture of we're going to see by the time we talk next year, is all this going to tilt towards people? It's going to replace jobs, but it's the transition towards higher productivity, lower prices for everything.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm sure everybody on this panel probably agrees that inflation is pretty much done and we'll be talking about deflation more in the future. But Bill, you said something really interesting, and you were talking about basically the fact that everybody's talking about this and every meeting, and that you have to get ahead of it or you're going to be left behind. I said the same thing, and I have to be honest, I remember all of us saying the same thing about bitcoin and crypto for the last two or three years. And so I don't know. I'm not saying that that's a point against AI, but I can certainly remember when microstrategy bought bitcoin and Michael Saylor was hosting 2000 CFO's and every company was going to have to add bitcoin to their balance sheet or be left behind. Are we getting ahead of ourselves here, or is this different? Or is that all happening for crypto? Raul, I would love your take on that because we've had these conversations so many times.
Speaker B: Raoul yeah. So look, the crypto market, as we know, is driven by two things. The network adoption model, which is what makes it an exponential. And in addition, it's liquidity. So we've gone through the liquidity down cycle. So guess what? Less people are interested in crypto, less people are interested in VC because there's not enough money around all of that stuff. So let's zoom out. I spend a lot of time speaking to the world's biggest institutions. They are all over this space still. Everybody's done their homework. Everybody's set up, but they tend to be price followers. I also buy the business that I set up, Sans Magic Studios. We talk to the world's biggest brands, all of the fashion brands, all of the sports companies, a lot of the media business and the music business is all hyper focused on this space. They understand that web three equals customer loyalty in a new way. And that community is their new business model. That is not going away. So as price recovers and liquidity recovers, we will see yet again another phase of acceleration. If we think of the previous acceleration phase, we saw the rise of nfts, the rise of Defi. Those were the two big things. And the rise of layer two, SdHE. So three big things happened the last cycle. What is this cycle going to be? Well, the most likely outcome is going to be the applications cycle. So I think we will see a lot of this. And then we've got some supercycles on top, which we know a lot of people are talking about. And I've been trying to drive the discussion on stuff like digital id and how important it's going to be in an AI world. So I think that we've seen this with almost all technologies. They come in ebbs and flows. We saw an enormous amount of money in VC going into the web three space. There's a lot of people building. Sure, some people run out of Runway, and that's the normal course of events. But out of the other side, there's going to be a whole load of developments. We're seeing stuff with zero knowledge proof. That's another side of the equation we're going to see. So my guess is we look back in three years time, we'll be, oh, my God, this whole space has moved again. Don't forget, every time it kind of rises exponentially in number of users, and we got to 300 billion users at the peak of the last cycle. Next time around, we'll get to a billion users, maybe more. So you have to just zoom out, look at that logarithmic chart, and realize that the network adoption model keeps playing out over time. So it's not a narrative where, well, suddenly we've had a down cycle and nobody's interested in crypto. That's simply not the case. From almost every conversation I've had, it's just a matter of money. Money and business cycle. Right now, nobody can make money. It's a tough market out there, and that's normal. We're in a recession or entering a recession, but as ever, we will come out the other side of it. Out of the other side of it is the ongoing digitalization of the world.
Speaker E: Hey, Scott, maybe one quick point, and I've got a staff meeting. So I think two things. One, AI is a 50 year phenomenon that's become an overnight rage. I can give you a lecture on all of the technologies that had to evolve over 50 years. I'm not talking about computing, I'm talking specifically about AI research, ongoing for literally 50 years. And in the last five years, of course, Weve reached an inflection point in the hockey stick, and Weve had smart contracts to enable decentralized finance for less than ten years and were just now figuring out how to get them to scale to a billion users using them, which would enable a 24/7 always on banking system that Weve never had before, which probably is a key to the foreturning in terms of mitigating us power and having a response to the military industrial complex. I think that these things are going to be fully integrated at some point in the next five years. And the change of pace in developer productivity combined with these two phenomenon is going to create a level of productivity and financial engineering the likes of which we can't even fathom right now. I do think it's fun and interesting times, and I do see a significant convergence between the AI and crypto, particularly smart contract programming worlds, coming up very, very quickly.
Speaker A: Mark, what do you think?
Speaker C: I completely agree. I think that the hype cycle was your original question, Scott, and 100% right. This is not new. It's not like AI was invented this year. It's 50 plus years overnight sensation. And we got one little piece that we're talking about that everybody's so enamored of, which is natural language processing for the first time. But, you know, we had clippy 30 years ago.
Speaker F: Yep, 30 years ago.
Speaker A: My friends were.
Speaker C: My friends were literally freaking years ago. It took 30 years. So, yeah, it's overnight, but 30 years. So, in terms of the smart contract point that bill's making, the, I think total value locked in DeFi today is 0.2% of bank deposits. It ain't going to be 0.2% forever. And it's going to go to one, then it's going to go to five, then it's going to go to eight, then it's going to go to 25. I mean, ultimately, I will make the case. I have been making the case that the banking. I am not allowed to use the c word. I used to call cabal. And then people said that that's a trigger word. So now I got to call it. They said, use cartel. I'm like, that sounds like a trigger word. So the group, the banking group that's been in control for the last 800 years and has created more wealth for one single family than three quarters of the population of the planet. Let that sink in for a second. The Rothschild clan has more wealth than the bottom three quarters of the planet. So the banking system is going to fight really hard not to be displaced completely by Defi, but it ultimately will happen, because blockchain technology is a superior way of storing and transferring value. But we actually coined a term and tried to service market, and I think we actually are going to get it called blockchain intelligence, which is the merger of Blockchain and AI and our venture fund. That's what we focus on. We invest in both sides. So I double tap, triple tap, quadruple tap on what bill was saying completely.
Speaker A: So then let's talk about Raul. You're probably the person for this. Where do these two meet? What are the really interesting applications of AI with blockchain?
Speaker B: AI with blockchain, I don't really know. AI and blockchain to solve some of the societal issues that AI creates is so important and so urgent, which is digital id. If we do not, I mean, once text to video happens at scale, we can basically make videos of any politician or any person saying anything to anybody on an individualized basis at scale. And sovereign states that have large supercomputing powers are able to do this. So we're coming into the US election next year, and that us election is going to be stalked for, with AI on social media, and we are not prepared for it. So there is going to be an acceleration in the need to prove who is human, who is AI, who is kind of regulated AI, or credited AI, and what content is real and what isn't. And if we don't do it ahead of the election, there will be a massive government push to do it after the election. So I think that is really, really crucial is identity. Now, how AI itself merges with blockchain technologies, I don't know. My guess is some of these open networks will tokenize the network. So if you think about an open network, let's say stability, AI, that's open source, and it's very different to OpenAI, which isn't open at all, is how does that data processing get paid for? Well, you can either do it by subscription models, but the issue is society gets left behind as power accumulates to the few who have the largest compute. And so if you tokenize these networks, then much like you could tokenize AWS, which is if you were to tokenize the ability to, to draw on the compute power, then people could participate in the rise of AI on a broad societal scale. So therefore, as you're getting to replace from jobs, from AI, you could own a stake in that network. I think that's a big deal and something that needs to be looked at, and I think people are going to start to do that as well.
Speaker A: Yeah, that makes perfect sense. The election side of this is terrifying. It's absolutely, yeah.
Speaker B: And the government people have not thought this through. We will have, like with crypto, a massive regulatory backlash against all of this. The problem is like crypto, it's utterly viral. It will be pretty decentralized. And so yes, you can try and regulate Google, Amazon, Facebook and Apple, but you can't when you can just spin these things up anywhere and everywhere. And the Internet is so open, you either shut down the Internet or you have to deal with this. And I think regulation is not easy. I mean, it's laughable when the Italians try to ban chat GPT, you just use a bloody VPN and you back on. It's crazy. So, Jeff, literally, you're going to go.
Speaker C: To jail for 20 years with no due process if you do that in the United States after the restrict act. So careful about the VPN's.
Speaker B: Yeah, so that's nice, eh?
Speaker A: Yeah, that's also insane. I mean, listen, we're having this entire conversation right now with the backdrop of Gary Gensler apparently getting eviscerated on the floor of Congress at the moment, by the way, who might be watching that or following you talk about regulation, Raul, obviously, I think we all know where regulation on crypto stands, which is like a wholesale backlash from the United States government. I tend to agree with you that they're going to try, but we can see how difficult it's been for them to get a handle of what's happening in crypto. Now you look at AI, which is happening a 1000, 100,000 times faster, there's no hope for them.
Speaker B: No there isn't. And my point about the crypto regulation is we have jurisdictional arbitrage and we will have it in everything. We've had it in genetic sciences, we will have it in AI and we've got it in crypto. My view is we saw that tweet out about it yesterday, and I've been tweeting for a while, is the UK is stepping up to the plate here. The UK for example, in crypto, in financial markets back in the sixties and seventies, as the US shut down, created capital controls around the US dollar, the FX market grew out of London. That's after the dollar had deep from gold, so it grew out of London, became the largest market in the world I'd ever seen. Then the euro dollar market. The US restricted lending globally, so the UK span up. The eurodollar market became even bigger than the FX market. And then after that the US made a mistake. Again, being protective over its banks didn't allow them to have the right regulatory capital for derivative markets. So London took all of that too. So the entire swaps market, the entire derivative market, which is multiple quadrillions, these markets added together are quadrillions of dollars, all came out of London. And so here the US is doing pretty much the same rulebook that it used in the seventies and eighties. It's trying to restrict capital flows, it's trying to restrict uses of the dollar so it could contain them. Meanwhile, the UK has made it very clear that it will regulate stablecoins. Now stablecoins is basically a tokenized euro dollar market. It's going to allow for good regulation of crypto, good regulation of defi, the integration with the financial system, the integration with cdcs. Germany is moving forward, Switzerland is moving forward, Singapore is moving forwards. And so the US is just going to lose it. Now anybody like me who grew up in the financial markets in the nineties and two thousands, the entire financial market was based in London and it was from the eighties onwards. So the US was just a domestic backwater for equity markets. Everything else came out of London for the same reason. No reason that won't happen this time around. So the US needs to be very careful in what it does here because it's going to score an end goal if they continue down this path.
Speaker A: You mentioned London and England. I literally have. Just looking down your Twitter feed. Right now, you retweeted something from Brian Armstrong where he said he had a great meeting with the uk economic secretary and city minister, and how sensible the sort of approach to crypto, as you mentioned, has been in the UK, which is not something we were talking about not that long ago. And now we've seen Brian Armstrong come out and say that he would be willing to move Coinbase off. Yeah, I mean, look, I would love any of your thoughts.
Speaker B: Every bank, every major us bank, basically headquartered in London in the nineties and two thousands, as soon as we had what was known as Big Bang in London, which is a deregulation of the banking system for the investment banks, they all moved to London en masse. And so Goldman Sachs biggest office was London. Merrill's biggest office was London. JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley, everybody was London. And because it's so easy to move Coinbase to London, because it's english speaking, first world jurisdiction, rule of law, everything you ever need to do is there. So it was the same with investment banks. It was just easy to move people to London. So I think it's the same thing. There's no reason. I interviewed the heads of institution at Coinbase on real vision recently. They're ex bankers themselves are like, yeah, who wouldn't move to London? Apart from the fact that it's a muddy, wet, dark gray island. Other than that, it's pretty good, basically.
Speaker A: Just like the Caymans where you.
Speaker B: Exactly what the bank?
Speaker A: Exactly. Mark, what do you think? Listen, it seems like empty threat that Coinbase would move offshore because they're publicly listed in the United States. And I would say that their core advantage is being us based, but says a lot.
Speaker C: I don't think it's an empty thread at all. I mean, there are plenty of publicly listed companies that moved their headquarters to some other jurisdiction. There was the whole irish movement for tax purposes. For all the biotech companies, lots of Jersey and Channel islands and corporations, there was the whole move to Dubai. Halliburton moved, total tax dodge, total scam from being higher up in the administration. But look, I don't think it's a idle threat. I think that us regulatory body, and it's never good to criticize the agency that oversees you personally. So I probably won't do that here, even though I probably have in the past. It doesn't really make sense to try to regulate through enforcement. Never has. Hester has been very vociferous on that, writing another dissenting opinion yesterday, prompting a seated. I don't know if you're a congressman or senator. But whoever it was that sponsored, I think it was a congressman sponsored the bill to, you know, remove the current chair of that three letter organization. So I think it's real. I think it's real.
Speaker A: She said, innovation in the United States is kaput, I believe was the quote. I mean, for an aggressive language from an SEC commissioner.
Speaker C: I think she, you know, she's called crypto mom for a reason. Right. And that's true. Right. You can see it in the sense of we have a choice. All nation states have a choice and choose wisely. Although I think it's interesting. Take, for example, China. Banned mining, right? Banned mining. Anyone pull up the recent hash rate chart?
Speaker A: Like over 20% or something? Mike, Alfred, you're here. You might have some color on that, but, yeah, it's a lot.
Speaker C: Yeah. Yeah. So it's more than zero, but I thought it was banned. So there's actual things that you say in public to curry favor and get votes. They're actually things you do in real life to make yourself rich by handing out favors. And then there's big decisions that you make or don't make. And at least right now, the decisions that they are making are pushing us in the direction that Hester. And look, I'm a big fan of hyperbole. My wife would remind me all the time. So maybe she's being a little hyperbolic, but I don't think she's that far off, and I don't think it changes the nature of the innovation being here until people are forced to move. I did a little scouting on my spring break trip. A friendly jurisdiction. If, perchance, things got really ugly here, if this restrict act passes, I'm out. I'm totally out. Right? If I could be arrested for having an app on my phone with no due process, I'm out.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's really terrifying. I mean, Raul, do you think that we're literally at the point here where it's over for anybody trying to innovate in crypto in the United States? Or is that. I mean, hyperbolic, as Mark said? I mean, I think that I've said that. I think that we are sort of at that inflection point, because if you're going to choose to innovate at this point, why would you even do it here? I don't think it stops crypto or AI or any of this in general. Obviously, it'll just move somewhere else. But why would you even try in the United States?
Speaker B: Now, I think Bill mentioned an expression that is important here, which is forth turning. So what you've got is you've got the world accelerating beyond the understanding of a bunch of boomers who run governments in the United States. If you look at the UK, it's younger. Not that the UK political system's any good. It's a mess, but it's younger across the world and they are becoming more adaptive. So here we've got a bunch of people saying, don't change, and they're turning it into party politics, because party politics in the United States is so incredibly divisive right now. And so they're going to use this for those lines. So we don't know, really, until we get through this bloody election, how it's going to happen. And then there's the legal processes, whether it's the ripple case or it's a bunch of other cases, like the Coinbase wells. Notice what that all leads to. We don't know. It's hard. It's hard to know. But in a globally competitive world, people will move around anyway. So, yeah, as you said, it doesn't stop anything. The US has been the global center of innovation for so long now, but we just got. We. I mean, I'm not an american citizen, but the US has got the wrong leaders in place. And I still yet do not see an emergence of a new set of leaders that we need for this fourth turning, which is the embracing of this change into this digital future that we're going into, whether anybody likes it or nothing. I always laugh at people who push back and say, well, we don't want this. We don't want electric cars, we don't want this. Nobody cares what you want. It's happening because the capital has been allocated into the space, the knowledge is allocated to the space, and the outcome will be change. There's nothing you can do about it. So you either embrace it or you don't. I think the whole us political system has to go through that whole understanding that you either embrace it or you don't. And not embracing it is going to have very, very dire consequences for economic growth, productivity and prosperity in the United States.
Speaker C: Yeah, you're such an idealist, Raoul. You're saying that the decisions are made based on what's good for us and innovation, rather than what's bought and paid for. You're right. You know, EV's are coming, but not to show their superior technology. It's been technology for 120 years. 1903, the american electric vehicle corporation was the largest car company in America. Then it got shelved for 100 years. But it's who pays for what? But you're right, it's coming. I just. I would say it's a more sinister reason. It's coming.
Speaker A: And, Raul, when I listen to you, you echo exactly sort of my fear and point. You know, we'll get a decision in the ripple case. Maybe we'll get a different political regime. Maybe, maybe, maybe. And I agree with all of that. The problem is, from what we've discussed earlier in this conversation, is that these things are happening at the speed of light. And that's, to my point, is that by the time we have any sort of clarity in the United States, or any company feels like they can operate without being, you know, punished retrospectively for something that they did, won't we already be ten x leaps ahead where we are now?
Speaker B: Yes. Yes. I mean, the US has got a problem. I mean, I live in the Cayman Islands. We've got a virtual asset set of laws here. The UK, Hong Kong, Singapore, Switzerland, Germany. The EU's law is coming into play. And the EU is pretty conservative when it comes to this kind of stuff. They're being relatively sensible. And the US will look around and you'll wonder why, like with the banks, why they've all moved somewhere else, and why banking was a regional business in the US in the nineties and two thousands, and international banking was done out of different sensors. It's the same thing. It makes no difference to me. It makes no difference to the market, it makes no difference to AI, it makes no difference to crypto. It just makes difference to us citizens. And that's something people have to think about.
Speaker A: So none of this has changed your premise as an investor, things we talked about six months or a year ago, none of that shakes if you assumed.
Speaker B: That because the US had capsule controls in the seventies and eighties, that the FX market would never flourish and it ended up being a market that trades 2 quadrillion a day. I'm sorry, I don't know. I can't remember the numbers. But the whole thing does. These things do quadrillions of dollars a year without the US at the time. Being involved is extraordinary. So as an investor, we don't care. I mean, if every hedge fund ends up doing its crypto business in London as opposed to New York, makes no difference. They're not going to ban us people owning crypto. They're just trying to stop companies building in the US buying, they just built it somewhere else. The capital markets are not just us based. They're all over the world and were seeing the Middle east piling capital into this area as well. And theyve got a huge positive cash flow right now. And so theres enormous sums of money being pumped in. I dont think it makes a world of difference to crypto adoption or anything else because people go elsewhere. You look at French corporations like lvmh Bernard, the richest man in the world, you know, look at his kids. They're all involved in crypto. Look at their brands. They're all using web three technologies, nfts and other things. They're all building metaverse stuff that's in a France. So, you know, if Apple can't do it or don't want to do it, fine. But other companies will, you know, spot us.
Speaker C: It's very good company to that point. A french company is about to become the apple of Web three, which is ledger.
Speaker B: Exactly right. It's amazing.
Speaker A: Their new device is coming out this month, Mark.
Speaker B: Is that right?
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah. It's going to blow people away. And the one that's coming out in the fall is literally going to change the world, which is a big statement, but it's going to change the world.
Speaker A: Can you talk about that a bit? Because I'm actually still stuck on what's coming out this month.
Speaker C: Well, no, it's all about the form factor and the functionality is the short version. And then I got to hop. But the short version is the browser made web one. Web one existed for many, many years, but it was too hard to enter until the browser, Mark Andreessen, changed the world. Netscape, Microsoft took over with Explorer, and now we all use something else. But that changed web one. Web two was the little thing everybody's holding in their hand right now, an iPhone smartphone. And now Web three is, I believe, all about the hardware security module, the HSM, and it could, could be the smartphone if, if, capital I, Capital F. They were to figure out how to do the enclave in a secure way. I don't think they will. I think Ledger has the solution and they will incorporate the features that we all need to have in a single device. I don't want to carry two devices. I want one. And so an HSM with a screen and a camera will, I believe, be the thing that we all carry around until it's ultimately implanted or it's in glasses or whatever. But that's, that's the short version. But you know, they hired the guy who literally built the iPod. Yeah, it changed the world. I mean, like the iPod didn't invent Mp3 s, didn't invent electronic music, not electronic electric music. No. Electronic as opposed to electric. But it changed the way we interacted with music and the way we thought about going from analog to electronic, and now we're going from electronic to digital and having that digital. And it's what Raoul was talking about. Right. It's our identity. We won't carry driver's licenses. We won't have marriage licenses. Everything will be tokenized and carried in this digital vault that we all, and I believe ledger is going to win that. But that's just because I believe in Paul Romer's law of increasing returns.
Speaker A: Raoul, I know. I want to be respectful of your time, and you probably have to go in a couple of minutes. But you sort of described the fact that the market obviously doesn't care. Do you take the fact that we just saw price basically go from 19,000 bitcoin to over 30,000 Ethereum price rising. Now alcohol price rising, prices rising. Do you see that as confirmation of that exact ideal? It seems like we've had literally endless bad news, and prices just keep going up.
Speaker B: Yeah, because it's driven by liquidity. So if you think about this phase, this phase in the cycle is driven by liquidity. So we've seen the central bank balance sheet expand. We've seen chinese m two expand. We've seen a bunch of early signs that the liquidity cycle is turning positive. So cryptos turn positive with it. And then what usually happens is the next phase of the cycle is when the adoption curve starts accelerating again as people start building out, building new products. Now, people like ledger will be in the middle of that as they start to make it easier for people to onboard and use this kind of methodology. Even the Solana phone, whether it's success or not, it's a step in the right direction of integrating web three technologies onto phones. Apple get there, all of that. It will come over time. So that's the phase we're at. It doesn't care about recession because its job is to forward look and look at the liquidity that's coming, and look at the fact that the output for every recession is cutting rates or increasing the size of the balance sheet, which is the debasement of currency, which in the end, leads to the price rises of assets. And crypto is the king of all assets when it comes to it. So I think it's doing exactly what it should do. The market doesn't care about the US and its fight over various things. Ripple continues to operate around the world, and Ethereum is not called a security in any other world. So nobody cares. That's the ridiculousness of this whole situation, that the US thinks it can regulate a decentralized system and it can't. There's just simply no way. I think the market doesn't care. Rightly doesn't care because it doesn't make a difference to the adoption of the technology overall.
Speaker A: I have to laugh at what you just said because in the hearing with Gensler today, I believe it was McHenry asked him three times point blank if the Ethereum was a security, and he just pretended he didn't hear him. He refused to give an answer wholesale, which to me is just absolutely mind blowing. Raul, I know that you've got to go. Mike, I'm sorry we didn't really get to get to chat here, but I am going to go ahead and end it because I have another commitment as well. Thank you everybody, so much for for tuning in. Awesome perspective. It was nice to have a conversation that was focusing largely on the positive and what's possible instead of all of the negative things that are happening, which seems to be every conversation that we generally have had these days. Raoul, thank you so much. Really. Always a pleasure and an honor. Hope we can do this again.
Speaker B: Thanks, my friend. Thanks everyone. Great to see you all. Great speak to you.
Speaker A: What's up, revolutionaries? Thanks for tuning in. For more content like this, head over to realvision.com and get unfiltered access to the very best, brightest and biggest names in finance.
