Speaker A: You're a podcast listener, and this is a podcast ad. Reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from lips and ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements, or run a reproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience with lips and ads, go to lipsandads.com now. That's Libsyn ads.com. hello, everyone. Welcome back to the real Vision crypto daily briefing. Here is why you should watch today's show. What's next for FTX? With finance pulling out of the deal, could Justin's son come to the rescue? We'll discuss later with Dan Roberts and Istanbidani. Plus, crypto prices swing wildly on FTX and inflation news. We'll be joined by Dean Carr of see the light trading with up to date technical analysis. I'm Jeremy Varlo, filling in for the usual suspects. Marco Oliveira is with me. Marco, another crazy day of news in the crypto space. How are you holding up, my friend?
Speaker B: Well, I think, like everybody, I'm, you know, just a little skeptical. I'm a little bit measured when it comes to these things. Obviously, it's been a tough, tough experience for a lot of people out there. So hopefully through today's episode and the upcoming episodes, we can get more clarity for the viewers. Jeremy?
Speaker A: Yeah, certainly. And I mean, the news is coming a mile a minute here. We are trying to stay on top of it as best we can. By the way, before we get into things, don't forget to subscribe to real Vision crypto. If you're watching this on YouTube, please like and subscribe. Hit that notification bell so you don't miss when we go live. Also hit the notification bell on the real vision Twitter account. We went live with an impromptu Twitter spaces last night. We had over 6500 people join that space. Ash and Raoul holding court for over 4 hours. It was absolutely incredible. Some really good conversation in there. With that said, let's jump into our top stories today. And as I said, we've got a lot to talk about. Since yesterday's show, Binance announced that it would not be buying FTX. The company said on Twitter, and I quote, as a result of corporate due diligence, as well as the latest news reports regarding mishandled customer funds and alleged us agency investigations, we have decided that we will not pursue the potential acquisition of FTx.com. dot Finance CEO Tian Pang Zhao, better known as CZ, added that it was a sad day. We tried. Then just a few hours ago, earlier this morning, we heard from Tron founder Justin sun, who tweeted, we are putting together a solution with FTX to initiate a pathway forward. He added, his team is taking steps, and I quote, towards a holistic solution that's being crafted to resuscitate and return normalcy for all FTX users. Let's get right into this. A lot to unpack with these tweets. Let's bring in our guests. We've got Dan Roberts, editor in chief of Decrypt Media, as well as Ishaan Badani, defi writer and analysis. Gentlemen, welcome to the show. How are you today?
Speaker C: Doing great, guys. All things considered. It's a wild news day, but that's why it's fun to cover this industry.
Speaker D: Yeah, there's a lot of people doing a lot worse out there, so I definitely can't complain.
Speaker B: Very true. Yes, a lot of people doing worse. And, you know, one of the things, you know, that that helps, you know, is that sometimes people can spot and foresee these things. And, Ishaan, I think that that's a perfect segue into, you know, talking about your Twitter thread from October 5. You had this. You were calling this stuff early, and I'd love it if you could walk through viewers what you saw back then.
Speaker D: Yeah. So, yeah, I started to get these inklings about, I would say about a month and a half ago, and when I really solidified my thesis, it was basically early in October. And really, the impetus was not probably anything, like super, uh, you know, on chain sleuthy or, you know, like, going really deep in the books. Uh, it was actually pretty. The first inkling that I got was when you started to see the string of executives start leaving. Right. So you saw CEO of Alameda research, uh, I guess co CEO at the time, Sam Trabuco. You saw him step down. Right. Which was surprising. But, you know, there's a lot of reasons why you could have stepped down. Maybe personal reasons. Maybe he's post economic at this point. Okay, right. Like, we can write that one off. And then maybe a week later after that, you saw FTX, US CEO Brett Harrison step down. And that's the one that really got me interested in what was going on, because he had only been there for about six or seven months at the time. And so being there only six or seven months, there's no way that his equity interest would have vested. And so that was the original impetus. Like, okay, well, you know, if this is a multi, multi billion dollar company, probably one of the five fastest growing companies in the world, right, going from 2019 to 2022, getting $30 billion valuations, you would have thought that that equity stake would be generational wealth. And for him to turn that down, obviously, I don't know the specifics about his financial situations, but that was really shady. And then a week later you saw the head of institutional at FTX as well step down very quietly. And that's when I started to really dig into, okay, there's. There's definitely something going on here. There's no way all of these guys are just post economic and just ready to ride off in the sunset in the middle of a bear market. Right. You know, this kind of the time where you sit back and you build. And then I started to do a little bit of the deeper diving. I started to look at trading volumes. So trading volumes are really down, but they were down more than most, right? So, like, trading volumes were looking like December 2020 levels, which just didn't make sense with how much the industry had grown and the way FTX was growing, the way they were raising capital so easily, the way they were deploying a lot of that capital so recklessly. I know we talked about the FTX arena for the Miami Heat, that naming steel, and you started to see some of these massive sponsorship deals. I mean, I was just, everywhere you look, the MLB World series, the t 20 Cricket World cup, you see their names everywhere. And those things are obviously not cheap. And so something didn't make sense where volume is going down, so revenue is going down. Some of their venture investments were not some of the best investments I've seen. Like they were doing a lot of late stage big checks. Late stage, not something you would see from a company as large as FTX who kind of gets their litter as far as venture investments. And so it started to look like a lot of reckless spending. And that's when I was like, okay, something is definitely off and fishy here. And that was kind of the impetus of starting to kind of put it all together, get all my thoughts in a row. And then, I mean, at the time, it was just kind of just throwing it out there. I don't think anyone had any, any inkling that there was any kind of liquidity crunch going on there. They should have been probably one of the most capitalized companies out there. And I guess a month later it just, when it rains, it pours. Where there's smoke, there's fire. Yeah.
Speaker B: When there's smoke, there's fire. And it's really interesting because sometimes, you know, it's human nature, right? If something's going wrong, you're kind of double down sometimes to just kind of take the attention away from what it should be. And, you know, him going around and to all these different companies and saying, you know, saying things like, oh, there's some third tier exchanges that might be insolvent when he knows this behind the scenes. It's just really interesting. He was doubling down and kind of creating this facade there. I want to bring in Jeremy and Dan here. Jeremy, I know that you're looking at a tweet from SBF from this morning. Give us the scoop on that tweet.
Speaker A: Yeah. So obviously, SBF broke his silence on Twitter. I just kind of want to read the first couple of tweets here and then go to Dan for his thoughts. But he started the thread by saying, and I quote again, I'm sorry. That's the biggest thing I fudged up and should have done better. Skipping down to the 6th tweet, in what was a long thread, he outlines that his sense before was that FTX had zero x leverage and that USD liquidity ready to deliver was 24 times average daily withdrawals, when actually leverage was 1.7 x and liquidity was 0.8 x Sunday's withdrawals. And he finishes by saying, of course, when it rains, it pours. We saw roughly $5 billion of withdrawals on Sunday, the largest by huge margin. So I want to go to Dan Roberts for your thoughts on this thread from SBS. How are you kind of unpacking it?
Speaker C: Well, there's a lot here, guys, and I'll start this way. I mean, Ishaan said so many people wouldn't have guessed that there'd be a liquidity crunch at FTX, and the answer really is there shouldnt have been. But now that we know what FTX was doing behind the scenes with FTT token, and thats why after kneecapping basically the whole company, CZ did a tweet saying, two lessons here, and one was dont use your own token as collateral and dont use customer funds for anything behind the scenes. Thats what FTX was doing. Basically. Alameda Sam's other company, a hedge fund, was using FTX as its piggy bank. And people probably could have or should have seen that. But I think that people put way too much trust in Sam and that the whole industry creates these heroes out of these figures. I mean, they did it with do Kwan and then terra collapse. They did it with Suzhou of three arrows capital, and then three ac collapsed because of its exposure to Terra. And we don't learn the other thing I'd say here is that the Defi advocates get to do another victory lap whenever these things happen. When Celsius, when Voyager melted down, and they're doing it again now. They say this is why you shouldn't put your money on centralized exchanges. You're entrusting a small number of humans to make decisions with your funds. If you use Defi, you're trusting the code. You can see where your tokens are at all times. You can look at the protocol and everything is on chain. Now, of course, I also think Coinbase gets to do a little bit of a victory lap here and say, we've never done that. We don't do that, by the way. We don't even have an exchange token. Way that binance has Bnb and FTX has ftt. In terms of Sam's thread, what blew my mind is what you just read, Jeremy, when he says I didn't have the right sense of customers leverage and our own liquidity. Why not? Why doesn't the CEO of the company know what the company's liquidity is? He says, my sense before was leverage. That's customer leverage. Zero x us dollar liquidity ready to deliver. That's for FTX to cover 24 times average daily withdrawals. Actual leverage, 1.7 x, and our own liquidity, 0.8 x. Sunday's withdrawals. So suddenly on Sunday, and you can blame CZ for prompting it by tweeting, we're going to liquidate all our FTT, but not his fault. You know, it could have happened from anyone dumping FTT. Suddenly, if FTT goes down and you get $5 billion worth, Sam tweeted of withdrawals in one day FTX couldn't cover because where were the funds? They were out there doing other things, and they were tied up in a token that went down. So in many ways, what I tell viewers is, even though we're talking about an algorithmic stablecoin, when it comes to Terra, versus a centralized crypto exchange, when it comes to FTX, two very different things. There's something very similar. Terra was saying, don't worry, the price of one token is tied to this other token, but they just created both of those things. They made them up. So if they're both down, you're screwed. And similarly, FTX was relying in many, many ways on the price of its FTT token. Bad?
Speaker B: Yeah, very bad. Well, Dan, let me ask you. So you mentioned, you know, CZ kicked this thing off here by, with this tweet. I mean, do you think that was intentional? Or, I mean, in terms of the timing, right? There was a lot. Just the week before, two weeks ago, we had this whole drama with Eric Voorhees and all this other stuff going on with SPF. People lost trust in SBF, and it just seemed like, you know, everything happened all at once. I mean, what's your take there?
Speaker C: Yeah, I'm glad you said that. I mean, the FTT sell off is definitely what triggered this. We can speculate as to CZ's motives, because he saw a great opportunity to kneecap a competitor, and it was a brutal and swift, murderous. But CZ didn't specify in his tweets, so we shouldn't speculate. He just said, we're selling all of our FTT due to recent revelations. It's very likely the revelation he's referring to was the leaked Alameda balance sheet that showed just how much Alameda had FTT on its balance sheet. It's likely. We don't know for sure, but what you're referencing of the last two months is really relevant here, too. Marco, which is SBS, kind of fall from grace as a crypto hero. For a couple years, he was out there. He was Mister Washington, he was lobbying in DC, he was cozying up to regulators and politicians, he was wining and dining congressional staffers. And depending on whom you ask, if you ask the suits in this industry, people like Kristen Smith of the blockchain association were praising him, saying, he's been such a wonderful advocate for our industry. This is great, that's fine. But then it's the ultimate irony that CZ, who's always been framed and pitted as the guy who isn't as compliant, hopes the regulators will just go away. He would always refuse to say where their headquarters was. He'd say, we don't have the headquarters. We're a truly decentralized company. He ends up winning, and Sam, who was playing nicely, ends up losing. And in the last couple months, all of the crypto degens and the true believers had really turned on Sam, and they had accused him of being a suit. He was out there saying, everyone should do KYC, that's know your customer rules, Amla anti money laundering rules. And so I do think that that's relevant here. That sort of public narrative change and all the people turning on Sam, that laid the foundation for how swiftly this sell off happened. When the FTT token sell off started, all of a sudden everyone was heading for the exits and withdrawing their money from FTX. So one thing prompted the other, but the kind of reputational damage of the last couple months laid the groundwork a little bit.
Speaker B: Absolutely.
Speaker D: Yeah. I think, Dan, you bring up a really great point there, which is that, you know, I think CZ, when he began this process of starting to kind of puff his chest out a little bit and kind of, I think it began as kind of like a, you know, let me show you who the little brother is. Kind of a situation like, let me kind of reestablish my dominance. I saw Kobe make a really great point, which is that, you know, I think that CZ began thinking that he was kind of throwing rocks at a, at a stone house and very quickly realized that this was a totally glass house that shattered pretty quickly. So it just goes to show, like, I don't even think he really understood the lens at how bad it was. And then the combination of one, the FTT FUD and claiming that he was going to dump 2 billion, I mean, of course, like, retail is going to start front running that. If you're going to say, I'm going to start t whopping out of FTT over the next two months, like, yeah, people are going to get scared. And then that coupled with, I think that obviously started the liquidity crunch because they had all of this leverage against FTT, but that was more of an Alameda problem. And then that, coupled with the ensuing bank run, which was pretty easy to spot, that it was going to unravel pretty quickly because people were not taking out their capital out of, like a risk of insolvency. They were just doing it as, like, safety. Right. Let me just. Better safe than sorry. I've learned my lesson. I mean, it's hard to realize that Luna was only six months ago and taking money out of USD. A lot of people were still kind of having that in the back of their minds, like, hey, better safe than sorry. And for those that got out, they.
Speaker C: Havent learned their lesson. Really, right. I mean, this industry has not learned its lesson. And whats going to come next is imagine if FTX, which looked so buttoned up and had so much money in and out in terms of investments. I mean, you alluded to it earlier, Ishaan, how many different things had FTX or FTX Ventures or Alameda invested in? That's another irony here, guys, just quick side note. Sam was Mister Bailout. I mean, it was Sam whose companies bailed out Celsius and Voyager or helped blockfi, too. And it's like now he needed a desperate, urgent bailout. But how many things had FTX invested in? And then how many relationships were in the other direction, things that had invested in FTX, sequoia, Tiger Global and others. And point being, if FTX, which so many people that people generally trust and believe in, believed in, was this much of a shit show, then imagine what other exchanges or companies are currently freaking out, panicking, because they know that behind the scenes they are just as much of a mess, if not more. I mean, we'll see. But how about crypto.com dot, you know that exchanges volume is 90% down? I saw a tweet, again, I don't know if we've verified this, but I did see a tweet this morning from someone saying they couldn't get their money out of crypto.com this morning. There's going to be more to come on this front. And something you said there, ishaan, made me foam at the mouth because I think a lot of people in this industry still have not learned their lesson.
Speaker A: Yeah, and I think that's a very good point. I mean, it doesn't feel like we're at the end of all of this. It feels like there's still something more to come. And that leads me into an article from Coindesk today. JPMorgan sees a wave of crypto deleveraging from FTX's woes. So my question, I'll go to Ishaan for this. How far could this spread? Where could the counterparty risk be? What are you looking at considering as a potential next shoe to fall?
Speaker D: Yeah, I think, and I talked about this a little bit yesterday on Twitter. The contagion is going to be bad. It really is. Not only in web three, crypto, Defi, whatever you want to call it, but also in Tradfi as well. So you talked about sequoia already marked down their $200 million investment in FTX. They put out yesterday, Tiger Global, SoftBank. You know, these guys are going to be marking down, you're talking about these series C rounds where they raised, you know, $400 million at about like a $30 billion valuation. That's hundreds of millions of dollars. It's going to have tread, it's going to have tradfi implications because people are going to either start pushing their, you know, their portfolio companies to start marking higher so that these negative returns don't feel as bad for the funds. So that's going to be a big push, right? They're going to be really big into like, let's cut more costs, let's cut more opex and stuff like that in order to make the books look nicer. Valuations look better in Tradfi, but then in Defi. It's going to get really ugly really quickly. I think over the next, I think it's going to take about a whole quarter, seeing as we're just getting into holiday season. I think a lot of that is going to kind of go under the rug a little bit. But coming on q one when people are going to start marking investments and things like that going to get really ugly because you have these massive bring downs. FTX Ventures is talking about doing 70% sales of some of the token offerings that they have in their venture deals. You're talking about aptosui billions of dollars raised their 70% markdowns. That could get really ugly really quickly. We were talking about massive corporations, multicoin capital having 10% of Aum stuck on FTX withdrawals. That's bad, especially with how bad Solan is doing. We've heard almost nothing from Jump, who not only got hit destroyed by Luna are one of the biggest stakeholders of Seoul and a very buddy buddy with the FTX squad. Jump has been very quiet, so you don't know what's going on there. I mean, just from the wormhole hack, they had a $300 million hole. They lost a lot in Luna. You saw Galaxy lost $76 million in this process as well. So job cuts are coming. I think this has been an industry where over the past six months we've seen incredible job growth. I think that's going to come to a pretty heavy halt. So, and yeah, I think investors are going to start getting really wary. There's going to be a lot of deleveraging, which is insane that everything hasn't been delevered already, seeing as where we've been since May. But the pain is still to come, definitely.
Speaker E: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what with each vendor. Ramp software collects and verifies receipts instantly to save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments, time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line. The first if you're a decision maker. Adding ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get $250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy ramp.com easy ramp.com easy currents issued by Sutton bank and celtic bank members have DIc terms and conditions apply.
Speaker C: And just quickly, the irony of all this, guys is, like, because of the inflation reading this morning, without the past three days of madness, this probably would have been a very good day for crypto. In fact, you're seeing just a couple names, like kind of weather the storm. ETH has seen a bump today. Coinbase stock up big. You could put that on inflation, or you could put it on the fact that, as I said, Coinbase has used this opportunity to come out and say, we don't do any of that shit. We don't do that with customer funds. We don't have an exchange token that we're tied up in. But some names are up, some are not. All the names would be more in the green, I think, if not for the past few days. So that's the irony in terms of, like, what happens in the next little while. It's interesting, Ishaan, you think it'll be months of madness. I mean, you know what I, what I spend a lot of time telling mainstream folks, normies, as sometimes the crypto people call them, and I'm sure everyone on this call has some friends who texted them in the last 48 hours and said, like, is bitcoin going to go to zero? That's the kind of questions you field. Or people say, are you going to be out of a job? Is crypto going to collapse? No. This was just yet another company, one company that was behaving irresponsibly, but it isn't good. And it certainly does reflect on the whole industry every time. And what it does is it gives the certain regulators and politicians who already think that crypto is a giant house of cards and a fraud and a scam, and it's too unsafe and investors lose their shirts, innocent people. It gives them yet another chance to point at something and say, see, this is madness, and we need to severely strictly regulate. And that sucks, you know? So Sam did not do any favors for the rest of his industry. And again, that's why it's so ironic, considering he was seen as such a hero for the last year.
Speaker B: Absolutely. And to your point, to your point, Dan, you know, there was that tweet from, I believe it was Elizabeth Warren yesterday, where she was saying, you know, the collapse of the, one of the largest crypto platform shows how much the industry appears to be smoke and mirrors. You know, we need more aggressive enforcement and I'm going to keep pushing Sec gov to enforce the law. And then Gary Gensler was on CNBC this morning talking about investors need protections in crypto. But if you were, I don't know if you were on the Twitter spaces last night, Rob was saying that Gary Gensler's and this lack of regulatory clarity is one of the things that leads to this kind of thing. I mean, what do you make of that? Especially with Sam Bankman Fried, like being so close with these politicians, they have a little bit of an egg on their face. How do you think they're going to react to the industry?
Speaker C: Well, it's an unpopular opinion among crypto circles, but I don't think there is a lack of regulatory clarity. I think we just don't like the regulatory clarity that we're getting. The clarity is Gary Gensler thinks every single thing other than bitcoin is unregistered security. Not just EtH, but everything built off Eth, ERc 20, what have you. We have a good story that I should plug real quick on decrypt right now by one of our writers talking to a couple lawyers about the library decision on Monday. And everyone is laser focused on the FTX meltdown. So they may have missed this story, but library is this decentralized file storage company that had a token. The SEC sued and said that its sale of that token years ago was an unregistered securities offering. Library lost on Monday. And not only did it lose, but the ruling suggests that the court completely in every possible way agreed with and sided with the SEC's argument and even went so far as to say not just that the sale of libraries token was securities offering, but that the token itself was a security, even regardless of how it was sold. And that's a sea change. That's not just the Howie test of if you're selling a token and the buyer expects a profit, it's a securities offering. It's forget just how you market it, the token is a security. So it should be pretty alarming to people and it ain't good. And the SEC has basically not changed in the Gensler era, its indications that it's giving. So a lot of crypto people are saying we need regulatory clarity. I think there is regulatory clarity. It's just upsetting and alarming and draconian. And the clarity is they want everything to have to register with the SEC. He wants domain over all of crypto?
Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely. What's your thought on that, Ishaan?
Speaker D: Yeah, the regulatory issue is definitely a problem. I guess I might be biased, and I'm very obviously pro decentralization, pro defi, the way that I come at it personally. And my personal thought process is that we should be pushing for more transparency. I think transparency solves a lot of these issues. I think that there should be a clear bifurcation between c five, C defi and real Defi. Right. Where everything is just radically transparent. All information and funds are on chain. No users can be lied to. Right. There is no need for trust. It's trustless security, trustless applications, trustless finance. So that's, I guess, my personal purview on it. But, yeah, I totally agree, Dan. It's going to get ugly. I think that, you know, this pushed us back so many steps because the, the hurdle that we had was an educational hurdle. Right. And kind of having that bifurcation and explaining that bifurcation to, I guess, more generally, Congress, obviously, like, Gensler probably understands this, but, yeah, like, when your golden child, who's, who's really, like, going up to bat for you is, is actually, like, going up to bat on a, you know, house of cards, it makes everything a lot more difficult. So, yeah, we're going to need a new, probably bigger, stronger champion to come out of this if we really want to get the regulation that we want as an industry. But I totally agree with Dan. Like, it's not really in our hands anymore. Things are not looking great on the regulatory front. The only argument against that would be, like, you know, if they don't do what we want, then this capital, this industry is going to leave and go somewhere else. Right. It's going to go somewhere that is more friendly. But, yeah, it's definitely a tough situation.
Speaker A: I just kind of wanted to jump in there. You talk about a house of cards and buried in this SBF tweet thread. The 20th tweet in the thread, SBF finishes by saying, at some point, I might have more to say about a particular sparring partner, so to speak. But, you know, glass houses. So for now, all I'll say is, well played, you wondez pretty ominous wording there. And, I mean, it certainly doesn't do a whole lot of net good for the space to be making statements like that. I'm just wondering if either of you gentlemen have anything to say about those words in particular, what your thoughts are.
Speaker D: Yeah, so, one, I think this sets up for this awesome, like, revenge of the Sith arc for SPF, which I'm so for, like, you know, this man is, is, you know, you don't go from, you know, Jane street trader to, you know, top, you know, hundred billionaire in the world in two, three years without knowing what you're doing and having a game plan. I think they are going to be, you know, they're going to be in the war room and they're going to come back with something. I think this is kind of like an interesting foresight into it. Like, hey, this is not done. We're not over. You know, this. You may have won the battle. You have not won the war. That's probably bad for the industry, like net bearish. But the power to be down on your last knee and still throw shots is something I just have a lot of respect for. Just go down kicking and screaming is at least one silver lining you can take away.
Speaker A: With that. You also mentioned that we might need a new white knight to come in and save the day. And lo and behold, none other than Justin son of Tron has stepped up to the plate. He sent out a tweet thread that I mentioned earlier. What are your thoughts about his entering this ordeal and trying to provide a little bit of a solution?
Speaker D: This, at the moment, it looks like a good pr stunt. Like, hey, we'll back all the, you know, all the, you know, TRx and everything. It's going to be a really great publicity stunt for him now. Like, you know, if he was really going to be the white knight and come and save everybody, he would have. And even the wording when it first began, this conversation seemed like he was coming for more. But now I guess it's come out that it's really just like his tokens that he's backing, which is good for him and good for his number go up. But overall, for the industry, like, it really doesn't matter. You know, I don't think he's going to be coming in on his white horse, you know, dropping into Washington and start, you know, everybody hop on the bandwagon. I got it. Like, I don't think Justin sun is probably the right guy for that, but I mean, he also probably has been one of the few guys who have never missed. Like, you know, we've seen a lot of people rise and fall in this industry in like, probably a short two, three year span this cycle. And he's one of the guys that were, you know, he was up there when it started and he's still left standing. I would say, like, if you were to rank all of like crypto, Twitter, call it like cult figures that people rally around. He's probably the last one standing. And that says something. You know, while I don't think, you know, TRx began, you know, like, half of TRX's white paper is like, copy pasted from the Ethereum white paper. But, you know, the way you can still keep standing, you know, still be top ten, top 15 coin, you know, buying huobi, he's definitely got the cash. I mean, his public defi wallet still has like a quarter billion dollars that he just actively invests. So, you know, there's doesn't have 10.
Speaker C: Billion, though, which is what FTX needs for its rescue. Does not have the funding. I thought of the Elon tweet. Funding secured. Funding not secured. For Justin stun to come in, it would have to be quite a few people or figures, and Justin sun and Tron like to do this a lot. I think Ishaan nailed it for now. It's a nice bit of pr, and everyone writes a story, oh, Justin sun says he's going to help. Now, look, it is, you know, it's not just a pr stunt because Sam confirmed in his pre thread that Justin's son is among the people we're talking to or in his letter to employees today. But still, I don't think that's going to be the biggest source of help here. And if you're one of the few remaining really well capitalized players, why would you want to rescue FTX? And same question goes for FTX us customers. I'm kind of blown away, guys, by how many people seem to be buying hook, line, and sinker the claim that FTX us is separate and is healthy and is fine? Well, did you learn nothing from the fact that behind the scenes, FTX and Alameda were way too close and in the same bed, and that one, a hedge fund, was using customer funds from the other, an exchange, as its piggy bank. So I don't believe that for a second that FTX us would continue to function and swim along fine amid all this meltdown of FTX Global. So, similarly, I just can't really see why someone would be convinced to bail out the bailer right now. So it is interesting. I mean, the Justin sun part, we'll see. I mean, he's scrambling now to get more funding. I love what Ishaan said about the revenge of the Sith narrative. There's been a meme going around crypto twitter that actually has some substance to it, which is it shows all of the different crypto figures whose platforms or companies have collapsed epically. Do Kwan, Suzhou, Quadriga, Silk Road. All these guys, and they're up in the sky, in the clouds. It looks like they're in heaven, like they're dead. And then they're saying, Sam, join us. And it's just hard, after all this, to imagine Sam doing something successful in bouncing back in crypto. I mean, never say never. And we know that do Kwan has tried the same, oh, Terra 2.0. But, man, after something like this, and again, we're still not even through the revelations here of just how poorly the company was run. So, I don't know. It's hard for me to see it. Maybe what we might see at best is someone does some form of a bailout just to make the users whole, just so that users can get their money out, and then the thing shuts down.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think you bring up a great point there, which is that it's very unlikely, in my opinion, that we see a bailout, because if you've seen the FTX platform, they've raised, in total close to a billion dollars in all of their rounds. So why would you put together six to $10 billion to bail out this brand that might be just about dead when you can take that $6 billion and just spin up your own exchange? Like, you know, customer acquisition, all that? Like, they've been able to do all this in a billion dollars. If you took 2 billion, $3 billion, you'd still be net up if you were to just try to do this yourself. So, I personally don't think a white knight is coming. I think, you know, and FTX us, like, that's a. That's a whole other potential can of worms. But, you know, FTX us might have gotten you Fd, the FDic. I mean, they wouldn't have stepped in, but there could have been some kind of reconciliation there with an international company based in the Bahamas. Like, you know, it's very unlikely. I don't think anyone's coming.
Speaker A: Thank you for that. Gentlemen. We want to go to Dean Carr from clay trading in just a moment. So, very briefly, I want to thank you for your time. Obviously, if you want to just highlight maybe a key takeaway or two from both of your sides before we leave you for the day.
Speaker D: Yeah, I guess I'll go first. Yeah. So, yeah, my biggest takeaway is deFi, deFi, deFi, right? Like, this is the competitive advantage of the industry. This is the reason that this industry exists, right? Like the CDFI called FTX Celsius. Voyager, it was just a means in order to get people on chain, right? And it should, what CFI and these institutions and coinbase should function as. As just an on ramp or for the average retail customer that doesn't want to. But I think, like, the biggest thing is like the importance of self custody, right? Like anything that you want to do at a centralized institution, you now have the infrastructure to be able to do on a decentralized platform that does not take custody, right? If you want to trade, you know, if you want to trade perps with leverage, right, because you're just a degenerate gambler, then, like, you can go to your gains network on polygon or you can go to GMX, right? You know, if you want a place to earn slight yields, you can go to Aave compound, right, where they're not taking custody of your assets. Everything is transparent on chain. So I think, like, while it will take a little bit of time to unravel this, Defi is going to be the clear winner. It's just like, can we communicate that properly?
Speaker C: I like that. And in a similar spirit, one thing I'd say, and I alluded to earlier, the many people who understandably have a lot of questions when they see stories like this, if they're not in crypto. And the larger assumption is like, oh, crypto is a total mess, total house of cards that no one should touch. And I don't blame those folks. But what I'd say is another meltdown of a irresponsible bad actor should not be taken as reflective of the whole industry. This does not mean that the way FTX was operating. Yeah, see, that's what everyone in crypto does. Ishaan pointed to defi. That's one area I would bring up. And crypto skeptics laugh at this, and they think web three is a joke. But I would bring up the whole culture and art side of this. I mean, there are a huge number of people who are doing legitimately interesting things with nfts. That's a term we haven't mentioned today. So that's just one example. But point is, there's a lot of cool stuff happening in crypto. It is going to continue apace, it will continue to grow, even though this is a brutal bloodbath bear market and the meltdown of another key player should not be taken as a death knell for the industry.
Speaker A: 100%.
Speaker B: Yeah. Well, thank you, gentlemen. I think that was, that was a great conversation. I appreciate that. And then I. So I think with that said, let's jump into the technical analysis. I know that people were waiting for that. Let's bring in Dean Carr to the, to the stage. Dean Carr, also known as see the light. How are you doing, Dean?
Speaker C: Good.
Speaker F: How are you today?
Speaker B: I'm doing good. I'm doing good. Uh, Dan and Ishaan earlier, they were, they were speaking about, or I believe might have been Dan, he, he mentioned the CPI numbers. Right. Uh, we, crypto rallied a little bit on the CPI numbers. We had a headline, inflation at 7.7, which is lower than expected. I believe it was 8% that was expected. Core CPI did rise, I believe, from 6.3 to 6.5. I mean, what's your, what's your take on CPI and how, how is that affecting your strategy overall?
Speaker F: Well, basically, since inflation started picking up and the fed started raising rates, my thinking was that the liquidity was being drained out of financial markets, which would affect crypto stocks, etcetera. So with this kind of backing off, slight backing off, quote unquote, of inflation today, I think maybe we're reintroducing some more interest in getting some liquidity back in the market, and maybe the Fed will have a lower endgame rate interest rate as a result if we start slowing down. As far as CPI is concerned. Now, the timing of the CPI number, with everything that's going on with FTX, is kind of incredible, because I think some of the buoyancy you're seeing today in crypto is a result of the stock market really booming up higher today and getting a firmer footing off that CPI number. So the play is simple as far as I'm concerned, if the end rates by the Fed are lower than expected or capped because CPI is fading, that's going to be helpful to crypto in general.
Speaker B: And by the end rate, you mean the terminal rate? I'm guessing they write at the end. So, I mean, and just one more follow up question to that. I mean, so since it's, it is acting this way, do you are heading, it seems at least in the direction that they're intending. I mean, when are you expecting, or maybe that we could see a fed pivot? I know a lot of the market was speculating it'd be q one. Do you have any thoughts on that?
Speaker F: I've been leaning q 120 23 myself also, but in the past, inflation's had little blips downwards, and then it sped up to the upside again. So I'm not ready to kind of feel that inflation is dead. It's more about how the next trend in CPI and PCE will be when the Fed gets those numbers and we get those numbers reported. So as far as I'm concerned, I'm not willing to kind of put the q one timeframe in stone, carve it in stone, but I'm certainly thinking q one, q two, with the rates affecting housing, etcetera, we might get a slowdown enough in the overall economy that will kind of ease inflation. Now, that's all speculation at this point. There's a lot of factors, supply chain, et cetera, that's outside of the Fed's hands in many ways. But this is the overall thought I'm having and I'm leaning towards that and looking at markets in that way as far as investing going forward.
Speaker B: Mike, perfect. Well, with that said, with that as a backdrop, let's jump into the charts. Let's start with bitcoin first and tell me what you see going on with bitcoin.
Speaker F: Well, for the longest time I've had the inclination that we have a weekly bear pennant in bitcoin, and I was expecting a further drop at some point. Unless we were able to maneuver to the upside and have a rotation, for lack of better words, on the monthly or even longer three month chart or quarterly chart, we didn't get any of that. So my thoughts were negative going into this event here. Now, having said that, we've just had what I call a look below, reversal potential. And in order for that to come to fruition, you have to have a rotation, maybe next week or next monthly chart. If we stay in this zone and recover the lows from this summer and then rotate back up, maybe this was the kind of the climax downside event we needed to clean up this bear market. If it is not going to hold here, I'm expecting between twelve and 14,000 as the next target at the very minimum. And as a crypto enthusiast and trader, I don't want to see that. But based on my past experience and technical analysis, that's the way I'm approaching it. So prove it to me and I'll get long again more heavily if you don't prove it to me. I'm looking for lower prices.
Speaker B: Well, speaking about twelve to 14,000 bitcoin, I can only imagine what that would, what that would mean for Ethereum or the other tokens. Let's talk about Ethereum. What are you seeing going on with Ethereum?
Speaker F: Well, Ethereum actually is showing a lot of relative strength. One of my colleagues, Bob Lucas, mentioned yesterday that it was really holding in considering the washout and a lot of other cryptos. And I concur with that. I've been looking at Ethereum as my number one investment. If it proves itself again in the same manner that I just discussed with bitcoin, I would probably be leaning towards Ethereum more than bitcoin personally, because of the fact that, showing relative strength, no new lows yet, it held the summer lows. And it's actually just bouncing around this 200 SMA average on the. I guess I have the weekly chart up there, if I can see. And as long as it holds this area and doesn't make new lows, then I think this could lead out if we recover from here.
Speaker B: Very interesting, because that Ethereum is doing stronger than, or is doing relatively better than bitcoin. I wonder if that's because of all the things that are built on top of Ethereum. People use it for nfts, people use it for all types of things in defi and everything. Whereas bitcoin is a little. It doesn't have that right. Still, mainly people trade with it, but it's mostly just that. I mean, you can use it for currencies in some places, but it's not really like that. I'd love to explore this relationship of ETH BTC a little bit more. Let's jump into the ETH BTC chart and let's kind of like look a little bit more closely at what's going on there.
Speaker F: Okay. So at this point, as you can see, and this is another example of its relative strengthen. When you look at this relationship on this spread here between the ETH and the BTC, what you have is a potential pendant to the upside. And I've drawn in an arrow kind of loosely for now, because this type of pattern typically resolves in the way it came into the sideways action. So you come in to the upside, you go sideways, you leave to the upside. That's how trends actually develop. And if we can leave this area right now and start, you know, moving higher and get over that pennant area, I think we can push back up towards the all time highs. And that's another reason that I'm kind of bullish on Ethereum, if it can prove itself.
Speaker B: And that pennant area you're talking about is we can pass that 0.07 kind of, yeah.
Speaker F: And I would, you know, with anything I do, I don't just look at a price going through. To me, a price going through and then falling back is random noise. If it gets through that number and closes above it on a daily or weekly basis, then you know, the buying is more real, or potentially more real than just a quick rip to the upside and then a hard fade based on some, you know, stop loss hits, etcetera. So rather than random noise, it's more. It's something you can hang your hat on and kind of have a risk reward scenario that that's preferable.
Speaker B: Gotcha. Well, we couldn't have this episode without at least covering all the tokens that were affected by this binance FTX stuff that we covered at the top, right? I mean, it's clearly on everyone's mind. Let's start with the binance coin. What do you see going on with BNB?
Speaker F: Well, that's kind of my second coin that I've been looking at. And actually ethereum has been my number one trader that I really want to focus on. And then binance coin, I, based on what I'm seeing here, has potential. If it can close back over 360. Now, that seems like a long way from here, but just the other day, we were right there. So if we can close back over 360, then I can get bullish and be long binance coin. Until then, I'd rather just be on the sidelines waiting and ready with, you know, liquidity, ready to push in when it's time. You know, based on that pattern and that quarterly, this is a three month chart is what you're looking at there. The bull flag still exists. We're still hanging around that ten EMA. It still has a constructive look to it. And based on that pattern, if we can close over 360, then I want to be long the binance. So if they come out of this mess cleaner than most others, I think that's a possibility that binance could see some buying as a result.
Speaker B: Well, speaking about them coming out of this mess cleaner than others, I know a few days ago we actually hit an all time high with the BNB over BTC in terms of that cross pair. So let's take a look at that chart. BNB over BTC. So we hit an all time high. I know we kind of retreated some. Where do you see that heading?
Speaker F: Well, I did provide a little look here, and typically, as you can see, I measure off the sideways pennant similar to what I discussed in the Ethereum BTC relationship. This is a similar pennant that's actually resolved and broken up to the upside. So this is kind of how I would measure targets and my target. As you can see, the 261.8 is substantially higher than where we are now. But it came very close on that spike recently. I think, as you know, yesterday maybe. And so now I'm kind of skeptical. As far as BNB being stronger than BTC down the road, if it really explodes from here, then we could really, you know, this can really pop higher and just run straight up. And that would take it to an extension much higher from here. And I'd rather not even discuss that target because it's 4.236 extension of that particular chart. So I don't want to put up dreams in people's heads when you have something that you can look at right now. And as far as I'm concerned, it's later in the trend. I would much rather be buying, let's say, six or seven candles ago when we broke out. Now you're chasing let it settle, and then you can probably kind of maneuver back in. So my thoughts on any of these charts that I'm talking about is there's no FOMo. It's a patience game. I think some of the reasons that I've been able to avoid this whole liquidity downdraft, and many of them is because none of the charts were constructive. Everything was in a bear market. I don't buy bear markets. I look to sell them more than anything. So if the trend is higher, then the price will show you. It's as simple as that. Interviews by me or anyone else that discusses anything but the trend is not really my thing. I enjoy listening to people discuss the inner workings of some of these coins, but price is the truth, in my opinion. If price is not going up, I don't want to own it.
Speaker B: Yeah, definitely. You don't want to be buying falling knives. Right. And as we speak about falling knives, one of those things would be FTX. That's definitely a perfect chart to describe a falling knife type of coin. I mean, walk us through what you saw going on there.
Speaker F: Well, this particular chart doesn't cover everything that I saw, but the bottom line is, once again, you had a sideways pattern that you came into going down. Correct. So you went down, then you went sideways. So you typically will leave the pattern in the same direction. That's exactly what we did here. It's not. If you look at the chart, it seems oversimplified when I discuss it that way. But that's how I look at markets. You come into something going sideways or going down into the sideways pattern, then you look for it to exit in the same direction. In order for me to turn more comfortable or bullish on something like this, which is very highly unlikely at this point, it would have to get over this whole red candle and start closing over it. And that's probably not anytime soon. So trend wise, this has been a downtrend. There's been no reason to own it. And as far as I'm concerned, currently, yes, it's oversold, but with things going on, who knows what the contagion can lead to? This is like the Lehman moment of crypto is how we would look at this. And, you know, how are these other exchanges going to be affected by the larger FTX being one of the exchanges they get liquidity out of? How is that going to affect everything else? So FTT right now is back to where it broke out from a long, long time ago, 2020 ish. But am I a buyer? Absolutely not. I have no interest in it.
Speaker B: Absolutely. I love that phrase. Obviously, it's ominous. It's not a great thing. But you said FTX is the Lehman moment, and I think that that's super, super fitting. Last token that I want to cover today is Solana, because Solana has relationships, or there was, there's speculation at least online, on Twitter, on, through some, some media outlets that, you know, Sandbankman free was a huge background, Solana. And so obviously that token has kind of been affected by this fallout. Walk me through what you see going on with Solana.
Speaker F: Well, again, it's, you know, I might sound like a broken record, but again, it came into the pattern going sideways. It came into the pattern going down and went sideways, and it's leaving the same direction it came into it. It's just a bare trend continuation. Now, having said that, this might be a better scenario than FTT because it's really getting closer to that area that I consider viable on a risk reward basis. The only problem I have is your risk is zero. You can't put in a stop loss for a trader. You want to look at risk reward at all times. So your risk is zero. If you're buying down here, to me, you have to risk all the way down to zero. But when you look at the risk reward, that's not bad. So if you really want to, it's more of a gambler type strategy here than a trader. You're not following a trend. You're buying a falling knife, a safe, whatever you want to call it. It's very heavy, hard to catch heavy safes. And this is the case here. But, you know, if it can recover, there's so much room to the upside of that. Your risk reward may be 4510 to one. That's the scenario you want to look for. As a trader, and if you do that 20 times and you play those kind of risk reward scenarios, you're going to end up on top.
Speaker B: Yeah. And real briefly, as you're speaking about risk reward scenarios, which, which tokens, I mean, I know you mentioned Ethereum and BNB. Which ones are you seeing that have the best risk reward scenarios out there right now? Or they could have them in the next twelve months.
Speaker F: You know, I'm heavily leaning towards Ethereum right now. I'm like, every day I look at it and I get closer and closer to buying it, but I pull my hand back with all the background news and binary events happening in the tape bombs, as I call them, coming out on the news every second. I just hold back until I get that 360 plus close. That's my main focus. Ethereum right now is my main focus. I own zero right now, but I'm willing to own quite a bit of it if we get that closing 360 plus price point. That would be my number one BNB, based on the survival of the fittest scenario. And him pulling back from FTX, I thought was a good idea. Because you don't. I mean, yes, it's maybe bad for the whole crypto community, but as a person running a platform like he does and provides all that liquidity, why would he want to jeopardize that by jumping into something and so many unknowns? How much money is out there? I mean, how much leverage is out there that's not accounted for at this point. So as far as I'm concerned, that's one of the positives. As far as BNB being sort of my second choice when and if it gives me a reason to get long. Perfect.
Speaker B: Well, I think with that said, I think this is a perfect place to bring in Jeremy for key takeaways. Jeremy, I mean, you were listening to this conversation. What did you take away from it?
Speaker A: Super, super insightful. Thank you. To Dean. A couple key takeaways from today, and I apologize if you can hear the fire alarm going off behind me, the perfect analogy for everything that's going on in the crypto world right now. But Dean's key takeaways, obviously, he is looking at Ethereum to add a position based on the relative strength that it's showing. Obviously, he's looking for a change in trends. Uh, but also looking at binance BNB coin, if it breaks that $360 level. Uh, from Dan Roberts at decrypt, uh, he mentioned something very poignant that people not in crypto have a lot of questions and are obviously uh, you know, pointing a lot of fingers at the space right now but he believes that another meltdown, uh, of another actor in the space should not reflect the whole industry. There is so much going on when it comes to culture, community, the art side and nfts, which I certainly agree with. And then lastly, lastly, Ishaan, he mentioned Defi, Defi, Defi. And I think, you know, I hope that this is finally the straw that breaks the camel's back so to speak and gets people to really embrace this, understand that self custody is so, so, so important using, you know, cold storage, hardware, wallets and things of that nature. We want everyone to be safe here and really enjoy the ride. That's everything that I have today. I want to thank our guests, Dean Carr, Ishaan Badani and Dan Roberts. For Marco and myself. We thank everyone for watching and we will see you again next time on the real vision crypto daily briefing.
