Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling wherever you sell. With Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps, and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your dollar one per month trial period@shopify.com. tech all lowercase, that's Shopify.com tech.
Speaker B: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance. Join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten. That's podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Now to the top analysis of today's crypto markets.
Speaker C: Hello everyone, welcome. My name is Santiago Velez. Welcome to real Vision Crypto Daily Briefing. Joining me today is Oliver Gale, the CEO of Panther protocol. Welcome, Oliver.
Speaker D: Hey, thanks for having me.
Speaker C: Great. It's a real pleasure. Thank you for coming on the show. Hopefully today we'll do a deep dive into the Panther protocol and have our audience learn something new about privacy, institutional pools, and many other interesting things. Before we get to that, I'd like to do a little bit of a brief on the crypto markets. We continue to see some retracement in bitcoin and Ethereum. Prices are correcting slightly today and its a reflection of the phase of the market that were in. Were likely to see more sideways consolidation for a while. Ethereum also similar price action, responding very much to bitcoin, which is a contrast to overall equities. Were seeing equities continue their rally. Probably a lot of volatility this week with the Fed. The Fed discussions on rates. So stand by on that. Any thoughts on the markets? Oliver, what's your view?
Speaker D: I think we're in a pretty good place in terms of the markets from a fundamental perspective, the ripple case, I don't think we can underestimate the importance of the rulings that were passed and really drawing a distinction between securities offering and a security token and creating that space that the industry needs to have tokens which are freely traded in decentralized systems. And for me, that's massive. And Price responded, which you would say is more of a fundamental reassessment of what the value of things like bitcoin and ethereum, ripple, etcetera should be. So retracement, to me, that's short term noise. This is longer short traders, they're playing their own microstructure games. Where we are is in a pretty healthy place. Maybe markets continue sideways for the remainder of the year, maybe not so long. I certainly think 2024 will be a bull market, and we will see bitcoin in the $60,000 range and everything that comes with it. So that's how I feel about the market. And we're building technology, and we do make educated guesses around where we think the market structure is going. And so we're playing our hand accordingly.
Speaker C: That's fantastic. Great assessment. I tend to agree. And we were talking earlier off camera about the energy that we're seeing at conferences at ECC, for example, in Paris, and it's a very bullish atmosphere, it seems. The attitude definitely is about building, and those projects and communities that kind of made it through this bear market are pretty resilient, and they're definitely responding to, as you said, some of the regulatory clarity we're seeing in the United States around how courts might look at crypto assets in relation to security status. So all great points, thank you very much for that. So let's get right down to it. Tell us a little bit about yourself, how you got into the crypto space and then what led you to Panther protocol and what the problem was that you and your team saw and what you're trying to solve.
Speaker D: Sure. So I got into the crypto space in early 2013, bought my first bitcoin, around $100. And actually the first bitcoin was at $200, which was a local peak in around March of 2013. So, like many traders came in, got attracted to the, the excitement around this volatile asset class, and read the white paper, got involved in bitcoin talk heavily, and shortly thereafter set up the first bitcoin mining company called Carb Hash, and the first caribbean bitcoin exchange called Carbcoin, which later rebranded to Bit.com dot. And so through that journey, we lost banking in Barbados. We got banking briefly to powered the exchange, lost it, saw the value and importance of things like stablecoins, issued one of the first stable coins in the Barbados digital dollar. Then we lost banking and had to cash collateralize that instrument. And it really was very difficult to run what was the best funded fintech company in the Caribbean, and also the most progressive in terms of using blockchain technology, but using cash counting machines and not even having the technology of a checkbook. So I was CFO and president of the company at that time, one of two co founders. And so we turned to central banks and the potential of blockchain technology to issue legal tender directly secured the first commercial contract with the eastern caribbean central bank to deploy a central bank digital currency. And I, around that time, had also secured a series a from Overstock to build out the central bank digital currency thesis. So that was a global first mover maneuver that we made out of Barbados with fast moving governments devastated by natural disasters and in need of technologies that could help leapfrog payment systems and stimulate economic growth. And blockchain technology and bitcoin were perfect for that. So that was the first four or five years in web three. In 2018, I left management entirely@bit.com and set up my own venture studio called Base two. And through base two, built a number of asset management firm, asset management arm, advisory arm to that business, and then incubated a consumer credit platform called Elemental. And so that took me up to about 2020, at which point I met my co founder at Panther, Anish Mohammed. And so he and I really connected. First and foremost. The conversation was around, how can I apply homomorphic encryption to remove the data silos of national banks and commercial banks that are holding this valuable information that can help provide affordable credit to everyone, but have no incentive to do so. And so that conversation branched into a number of discussions around privacy. I've been a big advocate of privacy technologies, was a miner of dark coin before it was rebranded to Dash in 2013. Had a large caribbean based GPU mining farm, also as an early investor in Monero. And so for me, the role of cash in emerging markets places like the Caribbean are 60% cash denominated payments. Obviously, cash is the most anonymous form of payment. It's also a bearer instrument. And that was the genesis of why we thought central bank digital currency should be built on the bitcoin blockchain as a digital legal tender instrument. A side story, but that's part of the reason I left. I didn't agree with the architecture being implemented for CBDCs. And so in my discussions with Anish, we were exploring, hey, privacy is a massive, it's a massive need in the web three space. Obviously, it wasn't called web three at the time, but also one that is ubiquitous. And I the need for private digital cash is massive. If you look at just the size of the m one money supply for the us dollar, $32 trillion or so. And so it was that thought process that became the catalyst for Panther protocol. And as we began to work through the problems of how do we maintain composability for DeFi on protocols like Ethereum, how do we accept the cross chain, multi chain future, which we thought and still believe is likely with l one s and l two s? And also, how do we enable some compatibility with compliance so that we can actually embrace the, the end game where you have enterprises and retail both utilizing web three technology. So all of those sort of problem solution spaces and both, I would say, moral, ethical considerations as well as practical considerations went into the thinking part of Panther protocol.
Speaker C: Wow. Fantastic rundown. And I'm sure out of the that entire summary, many of our users are going to have questions about a lot of what you said today. Hopefully we'll try to touch on those in the interview, but if questions remain, please save them for the end of the show. We'll try to hit as many users questions as possible. But great summary. Thank you for that. So, path, the protocol was formed, in general to address some of the problems around privacy and as they relate to DeFi. Can you talk a little bit about what Panther protocol is? Is it a blockchain? Is it a software? What exactly it is and exactly how it implements privacy, we can get a little bit into ZKP and those kinds of things, and then why that's an attractive or value added component for both retail and institutions. So, first of all, what is path, the protocol?
Speaker D: Yeah, sure. So, in a sound by Panther is an interchange asset agnostic privacy preserving infrastructure for Defi, it's a privacy layer, and it's a layer that allows existing Defi protocols to benefit from the privacy that can be afforded using Zk snarks and a large anonymity set. Panther is not an l one or l two blockchain, a DAP built on top of l one and l two chains. So we made that decision fairly early on because we don't really believe that it's necessary for us to be involved in the arms race between l one and l two chains for scalability, security, adoption, and the network effects. We actually believe that the network effects of Ethereum are colossal, as is today, as are some of the contenders that are vying for top spot with Ethereum, and probably unlikely to take top spot from Ethereum. So we look at essentially the proliferation of l one and l two chains across the web, three universe specializations here or there, and recognize that most of these chains are public blockchains, and all transaction history is available on these chains. And therefore, each one of these public blockchains requires some privacy preserving technology. And so by taking the approach of building a DAP versus being the l one chain, we get to avoid being in the darwinistic game of becoming the dominant l one or l two, and can just work with the winners as and when they emerge. And so that chain agnostic approach is core to our philosophy.
Speaker E: Hey everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker C: You know, I think that's a great point that we should emphasize for our viewers about public permissionless blockchains is that they're pseudo anonymous in the sense that, you know, they're a wallet based structure or database structure. There's no user accounts, but through some deep chain analytics and connectivity to offer amps, you can discern who the user is and then ultimately are privy to all the transactions they've ever done with that particular wallet. And so from a long term perspective, there is different kinds of risks that arise, both for retail from a security perspective, but also institutional, from a business perspective, on having all of their transaction history be available to everyone in the world. So that's clearly a problem in need of a solution. So, can you tell us a little bit about maybe how institutions would benefit from privacy protocols like Panther?
Speaker D: Yeah, sure. I think the best example has been the emergence of an entire industry around selling on chain analytics. So that would have begun probably with elliptic. They're the first that I can think of in terms of selling on chain data. Chain analysis followed soon after, and now there's a whole suite of these technology data service providers. And what they primarily have focused on is on chain analytics as it relates to AML compliance and knowing your customer and knowing their source of funds, which is a necessary function for a financial institution that wants to integrate into the world at large. So if you want access to Visa and Mastercard and American Express, and 100 million point of sale terminals around the world, etcetera, the system as we know it today, then AML tools are required. This is part of that function. However, what we've seen is the sophistication of this on chain forensics becoming more advanced and secondary types of markets emerging just for the selling of what I would term alpha. So who are the big wallets? Who are the big institutions or VC's or traders? What are their strategies? What's in their portfolio? What are they buying? What are they selling? Where are they trading? All of this is information that can be discerned on chain using statistical analysis, and is discerned on chain and now being sold to anyone willing to pay for these services. And so that erodes the alpha of these players. And as you mentioned, it also opens up security risk for them in terms of, you know, where they're custody and, you know, where they're trading and executing. So this, you know, it becomes a series of data points that you can analyze and monitor to really find out more about your counterparty and figure out what the attack surface can or should be. So Panther addresses all of this from the perspective of an enterprise or fund or a venture firm that wants to trade their assets or even transact or interact with web three protocols on chain. And it provides this level of anonymity through what is a privacy set. And so, at the heart of the Panther protocol is what we call a multi asset shielded pool. And what the multi asset shielded pool does, as the name suggests, it accepts multiple asset types. So fungible, non fungible assets, different types of fungible and non fungible assets. And all of these assets go into this macro mixer, if you will, and the Panther protocol itself then interacts with DeFi contracts on behalf of the users within that multi asset shielded pool. The shielded pool, if you will. And so these users, they might be retail users. Enterprise users have a zero knowledge proof of ownership, and that is a claim against some of the assets that are held within the the multi asset shielded pool. And so the user can deposit assets into the Panther protocol, which involves an onboarding process and connection to a creation of a zero knowledge digital identity and some zero knowledge compliance services to sort of authenticate and verify who they are in a confidential fashion. And from there, these users can then do things like swap their assets on Uniswap or curve, take a loan on Aave, as well as a series of other functions which are native to panther protocol, such as peer to peer transactions, and also an internal on chain dark pool. So, once you're onboarded into the Panther protocol, there's this powerful universe of tools that is being made available to users. Each of these tools is essentially made available through an adopter. And so, as the Panther protocol grows in the ecosystem grows, adapters will be built to different defi service providers to enable users to execute transactions with those services without having to leave the confidential and safe environment that the Panther protocol affords them.
Speaker C: Wow. Okay. So there's a lot to unpack there really quick. I'd love to. First, my understanding of the zero knowledge proofs involved is that you can disclose a particular set of information without revealing the entirety of the data set. In other words, you can prove something without having to say exactly what it was that you're trying to prove. And then that's a very essential aspect to, for example, AML or KYC, knowing who your counterparties are, because correctly in Defi, you go on uniswap and connect your wallet. You don't know who your counterparties are, you don't know who the other person is on that side of the trade. And that's problematic for institutions, I believe, because you could be trading with anybody and you don't know whether they're compliant. So what I understand here is that not only do we have a privacy aspect to this, but we have a way to disclose certain aspects about ourselves, our digital identity and carnal parties. And we then know that we are in appropriate sets of eligible traders or pool of traders. And I think that's a hugely underestimated aspect that is precluding large institutional adoption of defi. So can you talk a little bit about maybe how these blinded pools and these large sets of assets, how does that work? Do I have to worry about having a large quantity of an asset so that it is mixed and blind, or can I share some of the properties of other assets in the pool? How does that work?
Speaker D: Yeah, that's a good question. And that's really the multi asset component of our shielded pool was one of the first innovations that we sought to, sought to manage to achieve architecturally. So I mentioned earlier that composability was one of our fundamental pillars of if we're going to create a privacy preserving protocol, one pillar is that we do not want to have to bootstrap the anonymity set in the network effects from the ground up. That's a really underestimated challenge. Building liquidity, far less building a universe of liquidity for multiple different financial products. So that composability component preserving, that's important. We then started looking at, well, the challenges around bootstrapping an anonymity set for, say, ethereum, and then having to bootstrap a new anonymity set for USDT as an example, or DAI, each one of these would pose a problem. So by implementing a multi asset shielded pool, where essentially the instruments themselves are on the same merkle tree and shielded under the same ZK snark scheme, you're able to share the network effect of privacy for one asset type with another. And that also then extends to things like nfts. So there is this collective requirement to build a large anonymity set. And however, that anonymity set will provide the privacy properties to a new asset type that is deposited into the shielded pool. Now, there is no such thing as perfect privacy, and anyone who claims that that's the case, maybe doesn't understand it well enough. So there's a statistical or probabilistic level of privacy available. And there are. So if you have very, very large deposits into a pool of moderate size, and then very, very large withdrawals, then there is some ability to statistically infer what might be happening. And that's unavoidable. It will happen anywhere. So what Panther is doing is however, as that pool is larger, it becomes more difficult. So the longer assets are held within the shielded pool, and the larger the pool of assets, and the more transactions taking place within the shielded pool, the better the privacy set is. And Panther protocol is incentivizing this behavior. Depositing assets in the shielded pool, transacting within the shielded pool using our ZKP governance and utility tokens. So that acts as a reward mechanism for simply providing essentially for self custody in your assets within the shielded pool environment. There is no counterparty risk, there is no volatility risk. This is not a loan. This is self custody in assets and being paid for providing an actual utility function. And I think that that's one of the things that's underestimated. It's not the case with yield farming, where there really is no utility. It's just a subsidization mechanic to get people to use it to boost the metrics. This is a real utility that's being provided to the commons within the Panther protocol. And so that is, that's an important component. Now, you asked really around the institutional component. I have worked and onboarded national nation states into blockchain technology. Nigeria is a client of bit.com for their CBDC, as is the eastern Caribbean, which has eight independent countries under their umbrella and currency union. I've also been part of web three fintechs that have onboarded over 20 banks to these type of systems. I've built and run licensed fintechs in the web three space, so I know what is required and what that thinking is. And the thinking is, essentially, if I cannot verify who counterparties are, either absolutely or statistically, with a high degree of certainty, I'm running a risk where that risk is that my regulator will revoke my license, I'll lose access to any national payment system, any ancillary services, compliance, and all of the things really necessary to offer the type of one click financial service that the world has come to expect. In other words, if you are not able to satisfy these requirements, you are not going to be in this next wave of mass adoption for web three technologies. So what Panther has done in terms of being able to selectively disclose transactions using zero knowledge to sort of, hey, I am over the age of 18 and my identity is valid, and here is proof of that. You don't need to know anything about me. Verify the proof cryptographically right now you've verified it. You know that my claim is actually intact, and I haven't had to disclose anything about myself. So zero knowledge compliance has massive implications in terms of reducing cost structures, of securing data and repeating compliance costs at every on and off ramp to a service. What Panther's done is, and this is, I think, one of the biggest value propositions aside from the multi asset shielded pool that we've come up with, is segregate the shielded pool into logical partitions known as zones. And each zone has a zone manager that essentially represents the equivalent of a virtual asset service provider who has applied for and received the license to operate that zone. They can set, it's a walled garden at this point, so they can set what the credentials and requirements are to get in and out of the zone, and they are able to collect the data of what transactions take place within their zone. The protocol never custodies this data. The foundation never custodies, the development company never custodies. It is exclusively the purview of the zone manager. Examples of zone managers would be brokers, fintechs, wallet operators. In fact, we've had a discussion with one government about operating a zone to allow all of their financial institutions to participate in a zero knowledge national tender instrument, which is quite interesting. So zones can be big or small actors. They have the ability to federate and allow transactions to be settled between zones. They all share the same privacy set, so there's no requirement to bootstrap liquidity. So if you get licensed as a zone manager and you have zero assets within your shielded pool on day one, that does not mean you have no privacy. You have the global privacy set available to you. That is a major problem being solved here again, Panther is constantly thinking about how do we deliver product and a useful tool for users, as opposed to how do we recreate the wheel and invite people to bootstrap all the network effects once again. So I hope that's not too long winded in. Answer.
Speaker E: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real vision crypto daily briefing.
Speaker C: No, it's great. I think it hits on several really important aspects. There's a lot of concerns with individuals about governments rolling out cbdcs and a very dystopian view of privacy and control over money in general. And then on the opposite end of the spectrum, there's the cyberpunk movement that has, in its core values, the idea of privacy. And that's enshrined in many laws around the government, around the world regarding citizens rights to be private. And of course, we've talked about the business risks of not having privacy for institutional actors and being front run and those kinds of things. So I think this is a very important aspect that will quickly dawn on many of the protocols in the industry that you don't have to just solve. Scalability, security, those kinds of things. You really need to solve some of these real world problems around privacy, business risk, counterparty risk, and compliance. So the thing that I found super interesting about Panther was that it really is trying to almost skate where the puck's going, right? That eventually, this is the kinds of problems that we're going to need solutions for, and it won't be. This bifurcated world of everything is 100% transparent and everything is 100% private. Like Monero, for example. We're going to have a spectrum in between of solutions, and it's going to vary. It's going to vary, as you said, depending on the jurisdiction and the rules of the road. It's going to depend on the assets and the l one s. I think it's a very comprehensive view of. Of where the space is going. So, right now, where is Panther protocol in this kind of. This mission, this vision? How much of the product is rolled out? Or are we in production yet, or still testing that kind of thing?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: Just make Oliver back. Excellent. Yeah, you caught that last question. I was just asking where in production, if at all, Panther resides and when will these solutions that we've been discussing be available for use on various cell ones?
Speaker D: So Panther has been building this technology since August 2020, and we have begun to roll out testnet. Now we have an eight stage testnet, and we're on. And in the second phase of that testnet, it is an incentivized testnet. Mainnet is technologically scheduled for October, November. Strategically, we are evaluating if that will be the best time. Will we be at the stage we want to be in terms of having the assurances and the audits done on that code base. But I would expect internally, all expectations are that we are able to launch v one by the winter. And now v one does not have zones, but what it does have is the shielded pool, the ability to connect to protocols like Uniswap. Quickswap, Powerswap curve and conduct swaps to do peer to peer transactions to other users privately within the Panther protocol, to onboard and create a z account which has a connected KYC credential which is fully authenticated through on chain protocol to protocol interactions. And then of course an internal OTC on chain dark pool. So the user is going to actually match using atomic swaps within the shielded pool itself. There are relayers connected to this network as well. So gas is an important consideration. But what the relayer network allows is for gasless transactions. And the Panther protocol in that sense is also offering account abstraction. So it's sort of zero knowledge account abstraction, gasless transactions and integration and connection to existing DeFi protocols to trade and settle liquidity in a permissionless fashion without disclosing your identity or alpha.
Speaker C: Fantastic. You know, there's going to be a lot to digest for our users. So far we don't have any questions, but I think this is the kind of you interview that's phase one, that we'll have to revisit this when things go fully in production and see how the market is receptive to it. Oliver, I want to thank you so much for coming on real vision. I hope we'll have you back and we'll keep this discussion going because I think it's super important. So thank you very much.
Speaker D: Thank you very much for having me. It's been a real pleasure.
Speaker C: Yeah, my pleasure. Bear markets are for builders and these guys have been building really well. Thank you again, Oliver, for coming on and we'll catch you soon. Thank you.
Speaker F: What's up revolutionaries? Thanks for tuning in. For more content like this, head over to realvision.com and get unfiltered access to the very best, brightest, and biggest names in finance.
