Speaker A: Join over 20,000 attendees for the world's largest crypto event, token 2049 Singapore on the 18th to the 19 September. Balaji, Srinivasan, Solanaz, Anatoli, Arthur Hayes and over 250 others will hit the stage as Tokin 2049 takes over the iconic Marina Bay sands in Singapore. With over 500 side events during Token 2049 week, Singapore will transform into a crypto hub from the 16th to the 22 September, capped off by after 2049 and the Formula one Grand Prix race weekend. Everyone will be there. This is the one event you can't miss this year. Visit realvision.com token 2049 for 15% off. Tickets only with the code RealVision link.
Speaker B: In Description join me Raoul Pell as I go on a journey of discovery through the macro crypto. An exponential age landscape in the journeyman. I talk to the smartest people in the world so we can all become smarter together.
Speaker C: So yeah, I think doge gets an ETF before the end of the cycle. Aptos flips Solana in the lair run game that's. I'll put that out there.
Speaker B: I didn't want to say it. I didn't want to say it.
Speaker C: Charles is going to come whoop your.
Speaker D: Ass, let me tell you. Getting the great minds that are Arthur Hayes and Raoul pal together at the same time, it wasn't easy, but it was totally worth it. In our conversation, they share the most degenerate plays in their portfolios and what narratives and projects are going to take off in this market cycle and much more besides. To say a lot went down on this conversation would be an understatement. Wow. Well, what an all star panel. Thank you so much for joining today. Let's jump straight in because 2024 and the crypto markets has been on an absolute tear. We have seen, in the month of May alone, $420 billion added to the crypto market cap. We have seen ETF frenzies, we have seen meme Coin mania and the bitcoin halving, just to name a few. We're not even halfway through the year yet. I'm so curious when it comes to your strategy so far this year, and also your all star play of the year so far. Arthur, let's start with you. What have we got?
Speaker C: Strategy belong. Don't sell, don't get shook, don't use too much leverage. I mean, it's pretty simple. Like, everyone knows what they should be doing. Obviously, we all never do it because it's funding yolos and bullshit. But at the end of the day, it's very, very simple. If you believe that central banks and governments are in debt, will continue to be in debt, will continue to print money, will continue to hand out welfare, to buy votes or support from the population at large, then crypto is the answer. Obviously, bitcoin is the OG thing, and that's. I know, a lot of bitcoin. And then as you move up the risk curve and hopefully up the return, potential return curve as well, then you get into the shitcoin space. Obviously, the standout thing for Maelstrom, my family office this year has been Athena in terms of how amazing guy and his team has executed on this vision of creating a synthetic dollar and displacing tether at USDC. I think that Athena now sits at about 3 billion ish circulation, which puts it the number four fourth largest, if you want to call it us dollar stablecoin out there. And I think that that is probably our best thing that we've done as a front this cycle. And I think that we're only getting started in terms of the impact that Athena is going to have on the ecosystem. And then probably, number two would probably be something called, like, ether five and the whole liquid restaking token ecosystem. Obviously, Eigen Lair is going live later this year. We have a bunch of other plays in that sort of vertical as well. So I would say those are the two things that are standout highlights for our portfolio so far this cycle.
Speaker D: Okay, awesome. We'll get to Athena a little bit later. Raoul, I'm curious to hear from you. Last play of 2024, and how have.
Speaker B: You played this year to do absolutely nothing, has been the best player of all. Just, you know, I'm like 90% Solana. It's been the right bet to have over the. Over the cycle. So far, the only play I've done this year in any meaningful size was I took top sliced Solana as it was coming from 150 over to 200, top sliced it, and started buying the high end of nfts. So I bought pretty much every single beeple I could possibly buy, and then I bought every single x copy I could afford building a long term portfolio. These things were quite beaten down. And my view is, this space goes from 2.53 trillion now by the end of this cycle. It's ten to 15 trillion by the end of, let's say, 2032. Just extrapolating the normal log trend of this, it's $100 trillion by 2032. That from here is $97 trillion of wealth that is going to come. This is the largest, fastest accumulation of wealth in all recorded history, let's assume I'm a total moron, which is a good thing to do, and I'm wrong by 50%. It's still a $50 trillion wealth accumulation. That is the entire history of wealth accumulation of the S and P 500 and its market cap. So the amount of wealth is going to get generated, is going to get recycled into the space. People will buy high end property in nice places, but a lot of people in this space wont go outside of this space, and it gets recycled, whether its vc, whether its the opportunities of building the applications layer. But really, people seek trophy assets. And so ive just been buying as much trophy assets as I can for a kind of long ten year time horizon, because I think this is the last chance youll ever get to buy this stuff at the kind of prices it is.
Speaker D: You always end with a really motivational. If you've not bought crypto yet, this is the last time, guys. Don't sleep on it.
Speaker B: Yeah, don't fuck this up. How many times can we say this?
Speaker D: Don't fuck this up. Yahtzee kind of guys. So, Raoul, you've also said that we are in a banana zone right now.
Speaker B: How do we coming into the banana zone? We're coming into the banana zone.
Speaker C: How do we get a. Do you wear a banana hammock in the banana zone?
Speaker B: Raul?
Speaker C: Is that when we know we're in the banana zone?
Speaker B: For you, for anything, mate. Anything. You'll see. Englishman gets arrested in Singapore for wearing a banana hammock. You'll see it.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Hey, everyone, listen. If you want to unfuck your future, let me help you. Follow this channel, subscribe, click the notifications, and you'll get everything as soon as it comes out. See you there.
Speaker D: So how do we play this? How do you position the upcoming banana zone and what happens next? For those that have been, the banana.
Speaker B: Zone is something that both Arthur and I talk a lot about. It's that pointless cycle where liquidity comes in, where central banks need to refi all of the debt. It's when politicians bribe the people with plenty of candy. It's that moment that crypto tends to go vertical, and it's very cyclical. It's driven by this macroeconomic forces of this debt refi cycle. It affects all the asset prices over the time, but crypto is the one that goes truly bananas. So, again, the simplest way is, don't fuck this up. So just have a core portfolio, the big stuff. But if you get the other stuff right, you can make a lot of money in the other stuff, the 1020 percent of your portfolio, there's a bit more degen. That's when you're going to see some really interesting stuff. Now, if you go back to the classic banana zone from the last cycle, that's when Solana, avalanche, Luna and Matec came. And those performance in one year out of those four tokens was insane. We're going to see that repeat. Who's it going to be? What's it going to be? I don't know yet. But that's a game to be had in the banana zone. And it's part of the fun that you can actually degen in and feel like you've really nailed something because really most of the game is just doing nothing and just letting it all play out. Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back. Hi, you. Hey, listen, if you're enjoying this, come and see me on the YouTube channel Raoul pal, the journeyman. Sign up there. Get everything I ever do. See you there.
Speaker D: Now let's talk djing zone. Because, Arthur, since you last came on the show, you mentioned dog whip hat and you said, I think something along the lines of like, yeah, so, greatest fucking money of all time. I did not buy any dog whip hat. And it has.
Speaker B: I own dog whip hat. I own whip.
Speaker D: There we go.
Speaker B: And waiting.
Speaker D: And here we are. Meme coin frenzy has gone absolutely bonanzas. It has outperformed every other narrative by a mile. Have we still got room to run, Arthur, when it comes to market cap, is this just going to keep growing and is there any this kind of narrative is what I'm watching right now, or is it just throwing money at a dartboard and seeing what works?
Speaker C: You know the reason why I know that meme coins are here to stay and are going to get even crazier as there's more money printed is. So I'm in Singapore a lot, and it's a small place and a very homogeneous society between the major ethnicities. And every time I walk down Orchard Road to the shopping district to do some errands, I walk by the Chanel store, LV, Gucci, whatever, all the, you know, mainstream big brands. There is always a line of local Singaporeans standing in line to buy whatever piece of Alphabet that they want to put on their body for thousands of sing dollars. And they're literally standing in line 1520 deep waiting to get in this store to blow probably their whole paycheck for a few months and they continue to do this over and over and over and over again. So if people are willing to spend in line to buy cow high with l and v tattooed on it, then they certainly going to sit on their computer and the Internet and trade whatever the meme coin is that's hot this cycle, because you don't have to understand anything about crypto, just like you don't have to understand anything about fashion. Everybody else likes it. I like it too. Very, very human. So I think main coins are here to stay. For the person who's just being initiated into crypto, it's literally the easiest thing to understand. Oh, yeah, that's a cool image. That's a really funny joke that I understand and everyone else is in on the joke and I can make money as the joke gains in virality. Okay, cool, I'll buy this meme coin. I don't need to understand blockchain and AI and crypto and cryptography and all the stuff that is predicated on why these things can exist on a blockchain and trade 24/7 on a decentralized exchange. I don't have to understand any of that. I just have to understand is this a cool cultural trend or not? And I'm already doing that in my normie life in the IRL space when I go buy one of these expensive brands and stand in line for hours to, you know, put some logos on my chest. So I think just, you know, observing the behavior of humans, just, you know, why? No, as what is he, the wealthiest man in the world? And if you look down the list of the wealthiest people, like a good percentage of them own luxury brands. Meme coins are the luxury brand of crypto. This, it's easier to even get in because you don't have to wait and fucking wait in line. Just, you know, mean assuming that the Solana blockchain works. But all that being said, then, yeah, you can ape into these things on your preferred decentralized exchange. Hopefully you do it on drift, one of my portfolio companies.
Speaker B: I had coffee yesterday with Meow from Jupiter and we were talking about exactly this. Is that, what's so interesting about meme coins is that utility is either zero or small. Bonk has some utility, Shiba Inu has some utility. But the actual cultural value is the attention these things get. The attention is upstream of everything. It's so easy to understand. You don't need to value. It is. Does this capture attention? Is that attention persistent? And do I get some sort of feel good factor or status by owning it, and it's the same as LVMH, a Louis Vuitton handbag. And it's the same with fine wines. It's the same with the meme on the Internet that you share. It's all the same thing. It's just concentrated attention and which narrative.
Speaker D: People can understand better. If you ask a regular retail investor their difference between understanding and adopting eigen layer white paper and then also dog with hat, it's a wonder which one they're going to pick up and which one they're going to be able to give an elevator pitch to, to the next potential investor. It's certainly an interesting time. Now, I'm curious to hear from you both when it comes to the degeneracy that is the crypto market in 2024. What have been. If you have any, any of your degenerate plays any, it's not your first rodeo in crypto. You have been in a few market cycles. Are you having any degenerate plays at the moment or things that you're watching in your portfolio?
Speaker B: I'm pretty. I'm Les de. I just don't have the time. I just don't have the time. So if you think of a lot of the DJN stuff is basically attention. I don't have enough attention to give out because I'm too busy. So I've kept it pretty straightforward. So I've got whiff, Bonk. I still end doge because I still think Elon's got to do something with doge, and that's about it. I observe the space. Everyone reads Ansem's feed and trying to figure out what the fuck's going on, stuff like that. But I don't have enough attention to give out to the attention that it needs. So you can't actually need to know what you're doing a little bit. So, yeah, Arthur is obviously, you know, he's a man of leisure. He can do whatever he wants.
Speaker C: Yeah. I mean, to Ralph's point, my leisure consists of running around a court and hitting a felt ball or, you know, putting on a piece of board and skiing down a mountainside. So I also don't have the attention to spend on which particular doggy coin is the hottest one. I own some with dogecoin as well. I think dogecoin is going to get an ETF by the end of the cycle just because.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think so as well.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's the oldest coin. It's on Robin Hood in the US. If you're thinking about treadfi getting into crypto and they're gonna put ETF in anything they can. It's a high market cap thing. It's been around for a while. It's like the original meme coin joke. I mean, Palmer fucking rage quit from crypto, even though it created this, like, amazingly hilarious thing. So, yeah, I think doge gets an ETF before the end of the cycle. So I'm wrong.
Speaker D: We were speaking to the team at Bitwise, which is one of the ETF issuers in the United States, and they were saying to get new investors to understand Ethereum and the elevator pitch behind it is going to be slightly problematic. It's still taking them time to wrap their head around bitcoin. So if we do hypothetically see a dogecoin ETF, do you think the narrative lead it to actually flip for higher demand for a dogecoin ETF than the likelihood of demand for Ethereum ETF?
Speaker B: I hit up Jan Vanek. It was just last week. I said, jan, you've got to do this. You've got to file for the dogecoin ETF. He's like, I just want to make sure I don't go to prison first. I said, look, you'll be fine. It's been around. It's proven itself. It's outperformed bitcoin every cycle. I mean, it's astonishingly. It's been astonishingly good. So I'm working in the background to try and make this happen, but I haven't got through Jan yet. But I'll get somebody. We'll get Hunter, Horsley, Jan, one of these guys will force across the line. It's unlikely to be Blackrock, but we'll give that a go too.
Speaker D: Please keep us posted. We'll farm a little community, we'll push forward and forth. So, Arthur, sorry, you mentioned so the dogecoin etfeminal could be a thing. You mentioned you're too busy for most of the meme coins, but is there any other narratives that you think that could be a fun one in terms.
Speaker C: Of, like, meme coin narratives or more general in the space, meme coin narratives? I think a lot of meme coins are too specific. And, like, some of the political ones, yeah, they're funny for a minute, but they don't have any lasting, lasting cultural value. Like what happens if Biden dies, right? Statistically speaking, he has a seven or 8% chance of dying in the next twelve months. Same with Trump, right? He's just looking at actuarial tables.
Speaker B: You've calculated this with actuarial tables. This is why he's got too much time on his hands.
Speaker C: So again, okay, yeah, the bowdoin ichev is funny. Or Elizabeth Warren, whatever, somebody these us specific things. But how do you. Why is dog with hat great? Because I can put a little hat on. And whether you're korean or chinese or american or from Argentina, wherever you're from, you get it. It's funny. I'm start talking about american politics. Number one, I've offended half the people in America. And number two, anyone who's not american, which is 95% of the rest of the fucking world, is like, okay, cool, I get it. But that's not really resonating with me. So I think a lot of the memes that I see are too specific on some piece of culture that isn't going to be globally relevant on an online community that's basically cross border. So if there's anyone who's done anything, I guess you're going to start a meme coin and it's going to be a billion dollar market cap within a weekend. Probably not if you're trying to base it on something very specific to you or how you grew up or something like that. It has to be a global thing that's non offensive, that is inclusive but funny at the same time.
Speaker B: And its actually a good place to test out narratives here in Singapore because thats that kind of, as you said, its a culturally diverse asian audience of Asians are big gamblers. They love meme coins. They were big buyers of doge and most of the other kind of dog coins and stuff like that. And you just have to see is that going to resonate here? And they dont care about Tremp and all of this kind of stuff. They want something that they can talk about that crosses cultural boundaries.
Speaker D: Amazing. Let's bring it back now into a more sensible adult conversation. We've got the meme coin mania out the way. I had to get it in.
Speaker B: You got the wrong people for that.
Speaker D: Everyone watching wants to know your place. I'm following you guys. Let's take a look at the us elections because you guys are macro gurus as well. How are you expecting the us elections to impact the market? And what should we be doing in the build up? To keep an eye out, protect ourselves and also, you know, make the most of. If we do see a market pump along the way.
Speaker B: I mean, my view is we have no real. Yeah, go on. You go first.
Speaker C: I'm the same candidate. They're old idiots, both of them and both of their parties. That are behind them. They're the front people. And so they're going to stand behind them all the way because of all the goodies that flow with whoever's in charge, right? Whether it's Democrats or Republicans. And if you look at any sort of estimation by, you know, bipartisan outlets on the state of the deficit, it's not like it's, you know, one, one person's gonna cut spending and run a balanced budget or surplus, and the other is not. They're both saying, elect me and I'll give you free shit paid for by the other people that lost. That's the message. So which one of those messages resonates better? I don't know. I don't give a fuck what message resonates. I just know that they're both printing money, and therefore, anything that was working today, whether it's big cap tech or crypto, is going to work after the election. Maybe there's going to be some volatility if you have some sort of civil war type scenarios or a dust up between either side, depending on what happens with the Trump sentencing, if he's in jail, he's not in jail, whatever, right? But at the end of the day, I think that's not really going to be meaningful at the end of the day, and one of them will be elected. And even if they, even if it's a republican president, Democrat, House and Senate, or vice versa, think about the things that both parties vote on together every single time. Weapons, right? Ukraine, Iran, Israel. Every time there's ever an ask for, we need more money to give to the american defense companies to bomb more people, everybody lines up and says, yes, please, more. And so if you look at the breakdown of the biggest expenditures of the us government, apart from healthcare, interest expense, it's veterans payments and defense, so it's war. The american economy is geared to kill people, and both political parties are happy to kill people as long as their stocks go up. And so, again, it's the same thing. Same party, you know, depend, which clown do you like better? So I don't really care. It's fun to watch.
Speaker B: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners, and then we'll be right back. Yeah, and part of that is, I mean, if there's any volatility, maybe one of those two drops out. Violence is obviously likely to happen at some point in this just because of how divided the society is. But when you narrow everything down, the outcome for everything is printing money. So the worse anything happens in the US, the more likely they are to print money. So election years tend to be very, very positive. And the year after for risk assets, just because everybody's buying votes and then kind of proving themselves afterwards and mocking up the pieces and paying that interest on the debt. So there's that military side. You've then got all the retirees who, the baby boomers with all the votes. Well, they want their healthcare. And then the third part of the equation is somebody needs to pay the interest on the debt. And the only way of doing this is the magic money printer.
Speaker D: I also saw that the Heritage foundation backing is saying they're looking to erode the Fed's independence if they do come into power.
Speaker C: Is that something that, you know, you're not independent now? That's. It's a whole. It's a whole. The Fed is independent. Jero Powell is impotent. He can't. Even if he believes he's, like the most powerful person in the world, Janet Yellen can do whatever the fuck she wants. And I. Yeah, Powell hasn't raised or cut rates, but Yellen can drain the treasury general account by 800 billion. The stroke of a pen. You know, she can cut a bank off of swift if she wakes up on the wrong side of the bed. Yeah, she's the most probable person in the world. And her number one job is to get Joe Biden reelected. And so whatever, you know, Powell and all the governors can write all these fancy fucking papers over, you know, Mariner Eccliz building in New York. But I. The Treasury Department runs a show, and they always have run the show. And if you read some of the papers that. There's a recent paper by the Atlanta Fed on central bank effect swaps. And essentially the paper was arguing that the Fed has always backed up international dollar borrowers ever since it was created in 1913. And it goes stepwise through every single incident where the Fed essentially printed money and handed it out to a foreign institution or a foreign branch of a bank. And the conclusion of the article was, we've been doing this for 100 fucking years. So let's do it some more if we need to. There is no independent Fed. That was written, I think, last month by the Atlanta Fed. Great paper. Highly recommend reading if you have time.
Speaker B: You follow Arthur's argument. You can see there's a shortage of dollars around the world. We lost us banks. We lost a giant swiss bank. We're losing dollar yen. That's a shortage of dollars. And we've got Yellen going to China twice. She's there because her other job, outside of getting Joe elected, is to sell bonds. She's the mike milken selling junk bonds, going to China, doing the roadshow. China's like, yeah, we'd love to buy your bonds, but we don't have any dollars. So you give us dollars and we'll buy bonds. So they have to figure out how that can be done. Now, nobody really wants to give China direct swap lines. They probably do it through japanese bond intervention, by currency intervention. Either way, the G 20 is coming up or g seven is coming up. There'll be some magical allowance for everybody to have enough dollars for the system to move forward and everything to happen. So there has been no independence since 2008. I think everybody, I don't think there's much independence between central banks either. I think the BOJ kind of taught everybody the trick. Everybody's followed suit. They've all got the same problems, which is the debt and the aging populations, and everybody plays the same card. And there's, you know, the BOJ and the MOF that they stopped being independent in the nineties, even though on paper they are. And so it is all driven by the treasury and required to refinance this debt since 2008.
Speaker D: What do you think is the biggest threat to the financial systems right now? Because with the ability to understand the macroeconomics that is going on in the world, you can see the world differently to most. So is there any catalysts or risk factors that you can see unraveling before our eyes right now that we need to know about?
Speaker B: Ok, there is one for me, and it's not the obvious one. I think the biggest risk roberts take for, let's say, three year risk is a ridiculous bubble. I think there is a growing big, huge possible narrative of having a 1999 style bubble. I think if there's a risk of that, then you get an overhang and you could skip a crypto cycle, you could skip a tech cycle like we did back in 2003 to 2007 or something like that. So that's the biggest risk. I think all left tail risks have been removed. All of them. I actually personally believe that China and the US are agreeing or have agreed to negotiate Taiwan in exchange for Taiwan. Semi. There is no other outcome that can happen without them going to war. And actually they cant afford that war. Nobody can. Ive been observant of Gavin Newsom and that weird trip to China. Now Gavin Newsom going to China. Normally hed be met with somebody lower down. He meets with Chi. There is the only one reason hes coming with the gift. The gift is, let's talk Taiwan. Then Gavin brings Chi back to the United States. When they're saber rattling at each other, Chi suddenly turns up in San Francisco, of all places, not even DC. And Newsom is geopolitically squeaky clean. He's not involved in anything. So he's gone there. Like, I've got no beef with you guys. I'm just a tech guy here over in California. Let's talk Taiwan semi. Let's talk Taiwan. And the US is building three Taiwan semi plants. Germany is building one. Japan's building one. They're probably all built within the next four to five years. Then everybody's got the technology that can be shared. And I believe that they say to China, listen, let's organize something here. You can have Taiwan and Taiwan semi. We'll split Taiwan semi. We'll go our own ways. Split AI amongst two. When you follow that through, it's been interesting. Then she did a little tour of Europe and met all the. Well, Macron and others there. They need to warm up this whole equation. What does Europe want the most? It's really interesting when you follow this. What does Europe want the single most? Is Russia out of its doorstep? What happens? She goes straight back from France, first meeting, Putin, flies straight over to see him, comes back and says, yeah, we were wrong. It wasn't the Ukrainians who bombed the concert hall. It was ISIS. Now everyone can blame ISIS. It's like the bogeyman. You're politically allowed to say ISIS to anything. So that was interesting. And then he said, started leaking, that we're prepared to negotiate not expanding territory in Ukraine, and we'll call it a day. That's the single most important thing to the Europeans. So I have a feeling we have a probability that is increasing, that we've reduced the biggest left tail risk in the world, and nobody yet knows this. And if that's the case, that's going to ignite a super bubble. So there you go. That's part of my grand thesis.
Speaker D: Now, let's talk about the possible risks and threats to the crypto system. We've talked about the financial system. And, Arthur, I'm curious to get your take, because you've mentioned Athena earlier on in the conversation. When we look internally at some of the risks or threats that could jeopardize the overall health of the crypto market, of course, us regulations does come to mind as being first and foremost. But is there anything within the cryptocurrency ecosystem that you think could actually be a threat or a potential black swan event that could really shake things up.
Speaker C: So if you think about the biggest risk of the last cycle was a centralized counterparty, getting into credit issues. And so usually the issues in crypto are, we love decentralization, but then we want to make money. So we go decentralized stuff, and we bid up the centralized stuff until they invariably blow up, because their business models are incompatible with decentralized bear assets. And this has happened over and over and over again. So how do I think this could play out in this particular cycle? What are the centralized entities that we trust and are basically driving this bull market? ETF fund managers, what do they all do? Custody of their assets at probably just Coinbase, maybe a few banks, if one of these rules in the US passes. So what are we going to do? We're going to accumulate hundreds of billions, maybe even trillions of dollars worth of crypto, and probably less than 20 firms who are all going to custody with probably less than five institutions. Now, I don't know if any of you have worked at a bank, but the people who make the least money have the most important jobs at the bank. That's the people who are in the back office dealing with ethics, reconciliation, or making sure your stock clears, or all the different things. And so if you think about at a custodian of crypto in a tradfi bank, because now they want to get into doing custody, because they see Coinbase picking all this money from Blackrock and all these guys, and the regulations force you to custody with a third party. So why don't they force you to custody with Bony, b o n y, Mellon or one of the standard people? So now you have all this crypto in these firms where the person who is probably the easiest to get hacked probably makes like 50, $60,000 a year, who's completely overworked, has no respect at work, and they don't give a fuck about Internet security. It's not their fucking money. If I'm going to hack crypto, I'm going after one of these US custodians, one of these banks who Internet security is just like an afterthought. They have no fucking clue what they're doing, because never have they had custody and asset. Or if they lose it, they don't get to call up the treasury of the Fed and get another bailout. You can't get bailed out of crypto, because there's nowhere. So no one to call to create the bitcoin out of thin air, or the ether out of any or whatever it is that you own on your balance sheet. So if I had to think about a risk, and this is sort of a two to three year risk, given how I'm seeing things change in terms of who was allowed to do what and what's driving the market, I would say that a major crypto custodian gets hacked and they lose 5000 billion dollars with crypto.
Speaker B: That's how the cycle ending and it'd be unlikely to be coinbase. So they kind of know the game, but it's all the new people who, as you say, have no clue of the complexity of bearer assets because they got rid of them all. The other one for me that I observe, and it's a great business, but 90% of the entire option market is a derebit. That's the entire option market of crypto, billions and billions of dollars. There's a risk there. There's a risk there because the amount of people who use that one counterparty as a centralized place for options, all the OTC options get laid off there. So that's another risk factor. We need more option houses, exchanges, platforms, everything just to stop concentrating it because there's a lot of use of derivatives now part of the world and we don't know who's going to end up holding the baby when it blows up.
Speaker C: And on the options front, something that I kind of want to experience a little shot in Freuda is so viewers are familiar with zero day options, which are the most popular traded instrument in the US. Funny enough, the CbOe resisted launching zero day options for many years because they could not get to a point where they could. Real time margin people who write options now, if you understand when you write an option, especially a call option, you have infinite loss potential on the upside. So what do they do? Under immense pressure of the brokers who wanted to launch these products because they're immensely profitable from a retail perspective, they didn't do it. And so if you are an option writer, if you're a Citadel Virtu, one of these big market making firms, you post zero collateral intraday. When you write zero day options, zero. They have no concept of intraday risk at CbOE. So imagine if you put a bitcoin or an ethereum ETF zero day options on it and bitcoin spikes 50% a day because whatever, I don't know, something happens, all these guys, and obviously the retail is going to be long volatility. The dealers are selling it to them at very expensive prices. But on this particular day, market gaps up and you get scorched on your gamma and your Vega, and all of a sudden citadel is down $30 billion. Right. And they don't have it. And not only that, everybody else is down as well. And if you've dug into the. I have actually never released this essay, but I did a lot of research on all the major exchanges in the US and their. Their clearing houses. They are woefully under capitalized. It wouldn't take much to essentially bankrupt the entire us financial system if they onboarded an asset that could move, that they couldn't stop which bitcoin or some of these other assets. So that's another interesting risk in terms of a market event that could happen as we've integrated. Tratfi doesn't understand risk because they've never had to actually experience it because of central banks. And there are assets that are traded around the world that understand risk because they're essentially this long volatility instruments.
Speaker B: So something interesting, and these aren't predictions, just so everybody's clear, this is. These are identifiable risks that people may not see. This is not, because I know what the Internet's like. This is not Arthur and Raoul saying, yeah, they're going to go under, they're going to go under. It's all. It's like, no, no, these are pockets of risk that we can see that could be systemic because somebody at the end of the cycle will blow up. We just don't know who it is. And it's always for the same thing. You try and add leverage to a 70% volatility asset, you will always blow up. 100% guaranteed. You just don't know who it's going to be.
Speaker D: So there's no doomsday crystal ball now. Thank you both so much for your insight so far. There has been so much alpha in this conversation to take away. Before I let you both go, I'm very curious to hear any of your uncovered gems that you have in your portfolio. Narratives that you might be watching or things that you just think, wow, this is going to make it in this market cycle. Raoul, you mentioned that you are 90% solana. So is there anything else within the Solana ecosystem that you've got on your portfolio or on your watch list right now?
Speaker B: No. I mean, I'm just trying to do nothing. The one thing I've been observing is stuff like the ETH bitcoin cross. You know, ETH got into the total hate zone, which always gets interesting to me. And then the bitcoin cross starts breaking. Higher bounce right off the bottom of the range. I'm interested in that because that's the start of altcoin season in its truest form. So if it breaks bit higher than here, we can see why that will happen now. Because the ETF, yeah, it's been delayed a bit, but we saw it with bitcoin, the run starts well before the launch. So that then recycles capital up the risk curve and thats banana zone. So for me, the focus is the banana zone. Trying to get that right because thats where you can make a lot of money. So you kind of have to focus even if youre not doing anything. You just dont want to lose your coins because thats the most painful part of losing it is in the banana zone. Just hold onto your coins and also dont fuck it up by owning the wrong stuff. Getting way out the risk curve, and you're left with the whole middle of the crypto market rallies and you're so far at the risk curve in some weird political token from South Korea that you miss out on the entire rally, which I've seen, or you're still stuck in the last narrative. You're stuck in one of the big layer ones from three cycles ago, thinking it's definitely going to come back this time.
Speaker C: Cardano there. All you Cardano holders.
Speaker B: I didn't want to say it. I didn't want to say it.
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker D: So top ten market cap. Now he's trying to get me into trouble.
Speaker C: Charles is going to come whoop your ass.
Speaker D: Okay, so Cardano is something that could potentially not be in the top ten at the end of this market cycle. Is there any other top ten by market cap that you think by the end of this market cycle they don't really have what it takes?
Speaker B: No, don't get me. I'm not doing, I'm not playing this game. Because then you just get hunted like a dog on the Internet by XRP people. Cardano people. No, I'm not doing it.
Speaker D: Okay, Arthur.
Speaker C: So I'll put this out there on this particular venue and I'll qualify it with more information probably later this summer once I get back in the swing of things. Aptos flips Solana in the layer run game. That's. I'll put that out there. I'm not going to say any more than that.
Speaker B: And yeah, I'm, I've got varying perception there because I'm on the foundation of Sui. So, um, so we'll, we'll go with move is something, the move protocol, I think that's a big narrative to come. We can. We can settle up that, then we can have the Aptos Sui fight afterwards.
Speaker D: Yeah, but this is interesting. I know. So the future of layer ones. So, Raoul, you're like, Solana Sui is also a really interesting one when it comes to speed and technicalities. But, Arthur, you think Aptos is going to come and flip it?
Speaker C: I think Aptos could be the number two l one over Solana within this cycle. So obviously that's a one to three year sort of prediction, and I'll put more meat on that probably in September of this year.
Speaker D: Raoul, do you have any questions for Arthur about that?
Speaker B: No, I'm interested. I'm interested. I'm just really interested in this next round of the big layer ones. And there's a few in that game that are interesting. And so let's see, because that's a really profitable part of the banana zone is this next trade, that trade that was enormous money making trade last time and the cycle before, so it will be again this time. Most of these tokens they've picked up from the lows, they all launched at the wrong point in the cycle, stuff like that. So it's quite a good setup for some of these. I don't know, you could probably throw Celestia Monadhenne. Mona might come a bit late in the cycle. There's a few that's. That's around that that could be part of this bigger narrative. Let's see.
Speaker D: Fantastic, guys. Thank you so much for taking the time out. I really appreciate it.
Speaker C: Awesome.
Speaker B: Not at all. Always good fun. It's a brilliant, brilliant event, and you'll come away with lots of new ideas and a better understanding of this incredible exponential world. You get to speak to the smartest people, people like you trying to figure this out, but also the people on stage, they're the experts. So we get all of that, all in one place in Singapore. What more can you ask? See you at token 2049.
Speaker A: Join over 20,000 attendees for the world's largest crypto event, token 2049 Singapore on the 18th to the 19 September. Balaji, Srinivasan, Solanaz, Anatoly, Arthur Hayes and over 250 others will hit the stage as token 2049 takes over the iconic Marina Bay sands in Singapore. With over 500 side events during Tokin 2049 week, Singapore will transform into a crypto hub from the 16th to the 22 September, capped off by after 2049 and the Formula One Grand Prix race weekend, one will be there. This is the one event you can't miss this year. Visit realvision.com token 2049 for 15% off tickets only with the code real Vision link in description.
