Speaker A: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall. To get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance, visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. And now into today's episode of Ralph Real Vision.
Speaker B: Raoul, great to see you again. How are you?
Speaker C: Fabulous. Thank you for having me. Looking forward to this.
Speaker B: Great to have you, too. So, first of all, I think it's only right that we just jump straight in and get your take on the current macro environment. How are things looking at the moment?
Speaker C: Well, it's a complicated world because the actual economy is slowing down and it's going to be relatively slow for this quarter and next quarter. But the markets priced this in last year, which people can't get their heads around. They're like, we want our recession and we want our crash. Doesnt really work that way because we had it last year in crypto markets. We were down 80% last year. People have forgotten that. So what the markets are doing is forward looking. So theyre looking forward at where the forward looking indicators are showing that growth will return but inflation will continue to fall, unemployment will rise a bit. So thats a more Goldilocks scenario with economic growth coming back without inflation. So that's what markets have been pricing. That's why crypto has been so strong this year. And stuff like the Nasdaq has been so strong this year. So I'm very optimistic generally, and I think we're in crypto spring, and we'll transition to crypto summer maybe Q one of next year.
Speaker B: And I've heard you've mentioned crypto spring on a few of your podcasts for people that are listening that are very familiar with crypto winter. Unfortunately, crypto spring might be a new term for them. How would you define crypto spring?
Speaker C: Crypto Spring obviously comes after winter, and it's, after all the terrible news comes out. And if you think of spring in terms of weather, one day it can snow, then it can rain, then it could be sunny, then it can be warm, then it could be cold again. It's kind of a weird time, but over spring, generally the weather gets better, and that's what we see in crypto. So you get still bad news stories, but the market doesn't trade as badly around them. It tends to go up over time. But I it's a bit frustrating because it trades sideways for long periods of time, and then suddenly it goes up in two days and then goes sideways and then corrects again, that kind of thing. And that's the environment we've been in. But if you actually step away, if I look at my screen now, bitcoin's up 72%, eth's up 45%, and solana is up 140%. So actually, it's been a good year. It just hasn't felt that way yet.
Speaker B: We're in October already, ladies and gentlemen. We're already seeing some green on the board, finally. So let's take a look then at some of these catalysts, because as you mentioned, crypto spring. One day we'll look outside and see the sun is shining. One catalyst that I would really like to pick your brains on is crypto ETF's. So from spot bitcoin ETF's to ethereum future ETF's. Before we do that, though, I think some context for myself and for some of the people that are watching when it comes to institutions and what they bring into crypto. Aside from liquidity, in your opinion, what do institutions really bring into this, this asset class?
Speaker C: Well, it depends how they're going to use it so they can be investors in it, which is great, because if you think of cryptos as an economy, it needs money coming into the economy, because it can't just be us retail lot, because we've all got our money in the economy. It needs to get new money. So that's why it's part of this global liquidity cycle. So when people get liquidity, they start investing in riskier assets like crypto, and it starts flowing in. So that adds liquidity to the market overall, which means that new projects get more traction and it filters through the whole ecosystem. So money, like in any economy, this digital economy, needs capital coming in. So that's what the institutions bring. But the institutions are also building on top of this, everybody from fidelity to Franklin Templeton to I think it's Apollo, somebody else announced today that I think it's ubs are building a mutual fund on Ethereum, tokenizing it. So what they're going to bring is use cases. And the finance system is the largest use case of all because it's vast. So that's another thing. Also, the institutions tend to invest in VC, so they're funding the new wave of projects. So if we think about it, about 62 billion went into VC investments in 2021 and 2022 or 2021. That money got put to work by thousands of entrepreneurs who are building new applications, new opportunities. And that's what the space needs as well, because we've got this great technology, but technology is not enough. It needs to get to user level. What applications can we use where we don't even see that we're using crypto? That's why institutions are really important. Also, it's important because things like ETF's allow investment advisors to allocate people's money. So it's not just like Goldman Sachs putting money in, it's actually all of our money, our savings and investments and that kind of thing. So it allows people to participate in this in ways that they couldn't participate before, because it was harder for them, via investment advisors or financial advisors, to actually access tokens. But this, when it's an ETF, they turned it into an equity, essentially.
Speaker B: And you previously worked in Goldman Sachs, you must have a very good ear to the ground when it comes to maybe institutional appetite, depending on where we are in market cycles. At what point do you think during each market cycle, the institutions really sit up and listen? And is this something that we've seen previously in the past few years? And actually at this moment in time, the demand is already there, the appetite is already there? Or is this something that in the crypto space, were still building on?
Speaker C: Raoul yeah, I mean, I speak to a lot of the institutions, both directly with my work at real vision, but also with my asset management company, exponential age asset management. And we found that its the latter that everybody has pretty much done the homework. The pioneers just keep working through the bear market. Again, fidelity, Franklin, Templeton, a whole bunch of these guys, Texas teachers, retirement system, you know, theyve been involved all the way through. Most other people have done the work. So actually what they need is liquidity and price. So theres not much liquidity around now that we talked about before. So if nobodys got much money, then its difficult to invest money. But as the stock markets start getting closer to all time highs, people start making money. Lets say that eventually the Fed cut rates, well then money starts coming into these kinds of assets. So I think most people have done the work on it. Now they understand it. And so I think we will see a lot of participation from institutions in this cycle, much more than last cycle. There was quite a lot last cycle, quite a lot. But it was a lot of family offices last cycle. This cycle, I think we'll see a lot of the pensions, endowments, stuff like that.
Speaker B: The big players. So now it's time to pick your brains on ETF's and starting off Ethereum ETF's and this could be a really critical journey. The next kind of few weeks could be a pretty big one for Ethereum futures ETF's. I want to get your take on the global investment manager Vanek, because they have recently announced a plan to donate 10% of their upcoming ETF profits for the next ten years, I believe, to ETh core developers. Is that a good thing, or would you say that actually, we kind of need institutions to almost stay out of the runnings of Ethereum? What's your thoughts?
Speaker C: I like it. I like the team at Vanek. I know them really well. Jan Vanek is a friend of mine. Their heart is in the right place. They understand what this whole system is about. And really what they're saying is we understand that a futures ETF has less impact on the ecosystem than actual spot Ethereum ETF. So therefore, we just want to give something back to the spot market. Because don't forget, if people are actually buying Ethereum and they were staking it and doing all of this stuff in spot, you've got much more impact in the space because futures, yes, the arbitrages will try and keep the price in line. So it does create demand for actual Ethereum, but not necessarily as much demand because people can just trade the futures themselves. So I think the Vanek team are really trying to do the right thing. And listen, it's bigger than all of us, and we need to allow others to participate and help shape it. If people want their bags to go up, well, they want the institutions to build in this space, too. If you want Ethereum to be worth $5 trillion, well, then you're going to need the finance system to use Ethereum for settlements and smart contracts and everything else to get there. So, yeah, it's a good thing.
Speaker B: And it also helps with the build during a bear market mantra that we run by as well with that little bit of extra backing. Okay, interesting. Thank you for that one.
Speaker C: Also, the other thing about Vaneck is they even have a hedge fund that just solely invests in crypto assets. Okay, so they're really in this space. I mean, they're properly in this space. They've got nfts. They do everything. So they're really trying to put their best foot forward in the space and be good stewards of the space as well.
Speaker D: And you'll never guess who is in the car.
Speaker B: Hello, and welcome back to GM Crypto. Now, we have so much fun and exciting stuff coming up for you on today's show. But first, we need to talk about the coin bureau deals page guy.
Speaker D: That's right, Jessica, because it really is the place to find the very best deals in crypto.
Speaker B: For starters, you can find bonuses of up to $40,000 at some of the best crypto exchanges.
Speaker D: And that's not all, Jessica, because you can also get discounts on hardware wallets, sign up bonuses for some of the top exchanges, and trading fee discounts of up to 60%.
Speaker B: Amazing guy. Where can people find this deals page?
Speaker D: Well, just head on over to coinbureau.com deals or use the link in the description.
Speaker B: And what's your expectations for the approval of the kind of first round of spot bitcoin ETF's as well? We recently saw the SEC push back on delays until November for some of the institutions that have got their front runnings in the. Is that something that you're not expecting to see until 2024, or could we see it in the near term?
Speaker C: So from what I understand, they're not getting rejected for no reason. They're actually getting rejected because I think it's either the CME or the CFTC needs to have some component part and that part needs to be approved and finalized. And it's actually just that. So it's not like, oh, Gary's trying to slow the whole thing down. There's actually one of the component parts of all of these ETF's that require the validation. I think it's from the CMe or the CFTC. I'm not sure which one. Probably the CME that bit needs to come into place, so they're just buying time to get that done. So I still think it happens this year.
Speaker B: This year? Okay, awesome. And how are you expecting that to impact the markets? Is that going to be one of these catalysts that move us over from spring into summer?
Speaker C: It depends what price is doing, because had we launched a spot ETF in November last year, nobody would have bought it because the market was going down or it was feeling terrible. But as the market is recovering and we're in spring, and normally the Q four is a strong quarter, if you introduce spot bitcoin and spot ETH ETF's into a rising market, you will start to suck in the investment advisors, the individuals who found it too complicated to hold their own wallets and all of that kind of stuff. So it really depends what the market is doing. But I think on balance it's positive, but really it'll show up in 2024, 2025 when the cycle is fully underway. It just makes an easy way for people who are not used to the digital side of things to just use equities and get their exposure. So yeah, look, overall, longer term, it's very positive. It's just yet another on ramp. Short term, depends what the price is doing. The price is strong. We'll get a bit of a panic in from the investment advisors and stuff like that.
Speaker B: And for your next expectation for next wave of users and people that are getting into crypto, are you expecting it to, for example, double from last market cycle? I think it was around 450 million people in last market cycle. So are you expecting that to go all the way up to 1 billion.
Speaker C: From the work that I've done, if I look at the rate of change of the adoption, the active addresses, it should hit a billion this cycle. So how do we get there? I don't know, but there's a lot of things that people don't even know about. Like Ticketmaster has issued 30 million nfts. People don't realize that. So that was 30 million people who weren't crypto people, but because they're ticket master wallet, where they get their tickets for games and shows, they just drop nfts into them. So I don't know how we're going to onboard the billion, but it feels like it's coming. It could even be, dare I say it, CBdcs. If somebody launches one, it could be from India where they're working on their CBDC. There's a lot of different avenues that will create the billion people.
Speaker B: And this is almost a secret sauce is it's like with the analogy of the Internet, you don't realize how the Internet works. You just use it. And I think it's going to be the same for blockchain technology and cryptocurrency adoption. It's just something that's integrated into our daily life and we don't have to explain to our grandmothers what they exactly doing within the space.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, look, we're both talking to each other in different continents, using different wifi, using different service providers, on different computers, using different mic. Everything works. And we don't even know and don't care. Neither of us care what technology we're on because it just works. We just click on Zoom Talk. So that's how all of this will work in the end.
Speaker B: So moving on to the kind of, you've mentioned Ticketmaster there, and I think it kind of is a nice segue into the adoption of layer twos that we are seeing in the space. You did a recent interview with Altcoin Daily. Excellent podcast and interview. So I'll leave a link in the description for anyone that has not yet watched it. And you did mention some layer two projects that really have the potential to impact the market in next market wave. And there was also some questions about how some layer two projects accurate their value. And if we're looking at price action for next market cycle, I mean, Solana in 2021, that was 12,000% up. It was kind of exponential. What are you looking out for for next bull cycle when it comes to who has what it takes?
Speaker C: Layer twos? Look, layer twos are cheaper, faster, so that works. So polygon, arbitrum, all of that stuff, that probably works very well. And so I think we will see ongoing adoption of those. Only some of the value accrues to ETH because they batch transactions. So they take a whole bunch and then it goes onto the eth chain. So you using kind of one ETH slot for a lot of other slots. So it has an impact on Eth. It's good more people are building on ETH. So that's great. I think that continues. Solana, I think, is going to be the big story of this cycle of the main chains, because they're launching fire dancer, or jumpers, which is a different validator, which actually, I mean, believe it or not, is going to run at 600,000 to 1.2 million tps. So this is the fastest thing by a long way, considering Solana and Polygon are the two fastest chains at 65,000 tps, and Sui should be about 120,000. But yet to get there, this is different order of magnitude. This is Ten X, the fastest ever thing we've ever seen. And it's not a layer two, it's just Solana. So this is a game changer. It means the whole finance system can be built on it. It was designed by jump trading, who are high frequency traders who understand the latency and sheer capacity requirements for things like exchanges to run. So I think Solana is a very big story. We're seeing a lot of activity there. Then I think. I don't know what the new Solana will be, but we're seeing a lot of interest both in gaming. I've got my reactions coming up for some reason, both in gaming and also in zero knowledge stuff. And there's also defi. So I don't know. It becomes really hard to know which is the big area, but those are the three I hear a lot, but I tend not to go that far out the risk curve just because it's difficult to choose the right thing. But you figure if the space is going up, then bitcoin and eth will do well and Solana will do well. Solana's got this extra kicker, which is, I think, potentially a game changer. So I think that's probably the layer one that does the big layer one that does the best in the cycle. Then we've got the Aptos and Suis and those kinds of things. Let's see how they do, what traction they get. The layer twos will be interesting. And then these other kind of applications, as I said.
Speaker B: Nice. And you mentioned Ticketmaster earlier on. Is that polygon?
Speaker C: Flow, I think flow and polygon, maybe. Not sure.
Speaker B: Interesting.
Speaker C: Polygon's done quite a lot of that kind of stuff.
Speaker B: Yeah. And we're seeing these mainstream company names and entities there that are coming on board. I mean, we saw Solana and Visa also have these agreements for payments. So very interesting time for the kind of payment space, and it seems to be getting faster. Now, moving on to speaking about, you have acknowledged sometimes that we are in a recession already. Would that be fair to say?
Speaker C: That's what I think. Ask anybody who's not laid off, people from their business, who's not seen a decline in sales, who's not seen a decline in activity. I mean, literally everybody has. Now, it's not just crypto, it's across the board. So I think we have been in recession, and maybe that comes up in the numbers in this quarter and next quarter because all my forward looking indicators which precede that always showed that we were in recession. So I think the numbers will show recession, but the markets will be trading recovery.
Speaker B: And I listened to a podcast where you compared almost to the kind of the 1990s recession, which was fairly kind of in brackets mild, mild event. And I think what was interesting there, and we know when we look at the markets, history doesn't repeat, but it certainly does rhyme. And what followed on from the 1990s recession, then we had the kind of the.com bubble in the late 1990s. And I'm curious to see if you would expect a demand for a similar replica to the.com bubble. Maybe when it comes to AI stocks or tech stocks or even crypto, it.
Speaker C: Really depends how long this cycle can go on for. The nineties cycle was long. It was 1990 till 2001. That was eleven years. Right now all of the cycles are about four years. So its hard to build up the imbalances because if we didnt have a down cycle, okay, crypto wouldve been in a huge bubble. So it really depends whether these cycles repeat themselves and I think its based on the refinancing of the government debts, which all around three to five years. And so you get this four year cycle all the time. So yes, we will definitely see something that goes into a bubble and whether it's AI or whatever it may be, who the hell knows? And then as liquidity comes out, it'll get deflated. But again, the key point that people have got to understand is these are not mean reverting. We know this from crypto. The actual trend is up and all you're doing is going up and down within the bigger trend, which is why you always have to use log charts for this stuff to truly understand what's going on. Because people think, oh, crypto collapse is down 80%, it's back to where it was, it's not, it's back to the highs of the previous cycle. It's like you have to keep it in your head where actually all the lows are higher and the highs are higher over time.
Speaker B: Zoom out guys. Look at the broader context. You referenced an eleven year price cycle there from 1990s to 2001. We're talking about kind of four year cycles in crypto. As you've mentioned. When we look at these market cycles, how sustainable are the four year market cycles? How much longer do you think that the crypto industry has it in it to see these big old price gains where people go, right, I'm stacking up my bag and then in 2025, this is it, I'm going to go retire on an island somewhere. Are you saying, you know, this is something that will just continue for the foreseeable future? Do you have a, a hard cap on how much longer we could see market cycles like this?
Speaker C: This is to do with the business cycle, it's actually not to do with the halving cycle. And it's happening to technology stocks, it's happening to everything, it's happening to commodities. So everything is in this very cyclical world. So it's something we have to get used to. But I think the cyclicality over time becomes less. So each drawdown in crypto, the overall market falls less. And you can use bitcoin as the best example, each time it just falls a little bit less. So maybe next time around it falls 60% and not 75%. And previous time was 87%. The previous time to that was 97%. ETH fell in 2018 97%. This time it fell 85%. Maybe next time it's 75%. So volatility does get dampened as more participants come into the space and the more activity. And eventually, once you get financial market activity where lets say equities are tokenized and stuff like that, well, then theres ongoing demand for activity on chain as well. So its not just based around liquidity, its just about general activity using blockchain technology. So look, were not out of the woods yet. My guess is we have to keep going through this miserable cycle of I'm rich, I'm poor every few years until maybe 2030.
Speaker B: Until 2030. So I'm going to kind of press you on that a little bit more. What kind of outlooks do you have for price points? They can be kind of in different ranges. But you've said that up until 2030, what are some expectations that you do have that you're able to share with us?
Speaker C: I think we've all learned not to give price expectations anymore because just because people trying to take them as gospel as opposed to, hey, this is my best guess, knowing what I know today. But generally speaking, if ETh does what bitcoin did last cycle, then it's three to four times the high of the previous cycle. So therefore that kind of yardstick gives us 15,000 plus. That doesnt sound unreasonable. Thats a ten x from here. Thats possible. Thatll be within the realms of normality. And then something like bitcoin, maybe it does slightly less because its a more mature ecosystem and something like Solana would do significantly more. So thats how I think about it. I think the overall space can go from a trillion today to maybe 10 trillion at the peak of the next cycle. So thats a ten x for the whole space. Possibly it could be a five x, but its something of that magnitude. If were right in a hypothesis that more and more people will use blockchain technology for underlying use cases, if thats the case, yeah.
Speaker B: And youve been in this industry for quite a few years now, I think its fair to say, and you have been keeping your eyes and ears open to what has been going on. It must feel quite rewarding that at this moment in time, we're talking about kind of larger institutions getting in. We're talking about the kind of spot bitcoin ETF's entering the market. You've mentioned Ticketmaster. There is kind of these big adoption plays. Do you think the media right now are really reflecting the good news that we are seeing in this space, or do you think we are really, we've come a long way and it's kind of more bullish for you.
Speaker C: The media narrative has always hated this and I don't know why that is. They're always skeptical journalists by nature, generally skeptical people. And so they were skeptical of the Internet, they were skeptical, you know, they're skeptical of EV cars. They've been skeptical. They're skeptical of everything. So I think that continues for a while. But we keep looking back and go, look how far we've come, and it's another few trillion in price and value and stuff like that. And then it becomes unarguable. I mean, there's no journalist who says, well, I think the Internet's a fad or the mobile phones are fad, but they did. And there's articles all over the place of them saying that back in the day. So, you know, it's just, it's just how it goes. If you're. This is a very interesting technology because we were able to front run the institutions. It's the first time that individuals have had the power to participate in a cutting edge technology before the VC's and the big institutions. So it's a bit weird for all of us to be fighting the news flow. Normally we don't get the opportunity to invest when the news flow has changed and Microsoft's IPo comes out, and then we can invest in that. So it's just very different. We're having to learn the different skill of being the most hated participants until we're proven right. I mean, Christ, when I first got into this bitcoin was $200. I mean, it's come a long way.
Speaker B: Oh, absolutely it has. And I'm sure the events as well that we're attending as well started off maybe 30 people in an underground room, and now it's suddenly become this huge, enormous ecosystem, which is amazing to see.
Speaker C: When you do go to these events, it's amazing who's there. I mean, you're with technologists, finance people, artists, musicians. You're with some of the most incredible mix of people. And everybody's really smart. They've really learned about this and I've never seen anything like that happen before. My guess is the Internet was a bit like that as well in the early days of the Internet, where people started realizing the power of it. But it's just the random people you meet at these crypto events. You're like, oh my God, we're so lucky. It's like this magic moment in time.
Speaker B: And I am going to ask you about the upcoming real vision event just before we do because we did speak a little bit about the media representing the industry. For a lot of people that are watching that maybe are new to the space this year or last year. Is there any warning signs or things that you would advise newcomers in the industry to look out for when it comes to potential market moves or sentiment movers? Whether that's kind of regulation, it can be. The FTX trial is something that's coming up that are in a lot of people's calendars.
Speaker C: The biggest problem new investors faces themselves. It's like FOMo and excessive narratives, excessive tribalism are all the things that will get you into trouble. You need to always step back, understand what risks you're taking, why you're taking those risks, and try and fight the FOMo. Have a plan and try and stick to that plan. Yes, you can adapt it and then be careful where you get your information from. You know, there's a lot of trusted people in the space, but there's a lot of people that seem alluring because they want to tell you you're going to get rich. Now yes, there's plenty of opportunity to make money in all of this, but just choose trusted sources. Be careful who you follow and don't become trapped in one narrative. Things change. This is technology. It's market. So be adaptable. Those things will help more than anything else. Of course you will see regulation. Of course you will see sell offs. Of course you'll see blow ups. That's all part of being in financial markets and a new space. So expect all of those. Expect that you will be feeling really miserable with yourself because your tokens are down 75% in three years time. Expect that to be normal. And if that's part of your plan and your time horizon then that's okay. If it's not, if your time horizons to try and get out somewhere in the peak. Youll never time the peak perfectly and youll have fomo and feel miserable about it. I never forgot when I so I bought my bitcoin at 200. I sold out two, two and a half thousand in the forking wars when I didnt understand what was going on. Price was starting to go vertical. Im like listen ive made ten x my money. This is an amazing investment. It then went up another ten x in the next six months. I mean thats enough to drive you insane but thats what will happen to you. You will close out too early or close out too late. All of this stuff its okay. The best thing to do is get yourself an education in how to invest and how to think about this stuff.
Speaker B: And this is one thing that I would say real vision you do exceptionally well, with putting out daily content to really educate viewers, you have got an event coming up which is free for participants conference to attend. Can you talk us through what the, what the event is?
Speaker C: It's actually a festival of learning. It's actually around this topic. And we partnered with Ledger. You know, we're good friends with the, with the ledger team and the idea is to help educate people. So we've got a two day event on October the, I think it's the 12th and 13th, and that's where we will bring some of the best participants in the entire space together and educate people on, on everything from security because we've got ledger to how to invest stuff. We're also building crypto courses at real vision as well. But this event, it's free to join. Just go to real vision.com festival and prepare to get yourself an education by the greatest names in the space. It's a really good thing and it's basically, I don't know what the title is. Let me just double check what the title of the event is because it's the next digital asset wave and how to prepare for it. And that's the whole point is we want to help people in this cycle, your audience, we want them to succeed because there's a lot of people who don't really care. But I've been in this space long enough. You've been in this space long enough. We want to help people. So that's what it's all about, the festival of learning with Ledger. It's a really great event. Then afterwards we're building a ledger quest, which are these gamified education platforms with them as well. And we're giving away branded Ledger devices to people who come. They're really cool. All sorts of stuff happening around it, some nfts going around it as well. So realvision.com festival and level up your knowledge. That's why we're here.
Speaker B: Exactly. Well, I'll leave a link in the description as well for anyone that does want to check it out. Ralph, thank you so much for joining. Thank you for sharing your insights. As always. It's a pleasure to catch up and enjoy the event. Absolutely. Be tuning in.
Speaker C: Absolutely. Thanks so much and we'll speak again soon.
Speaker A: What's up revolutionaries? Thanks for tuning in. For more content like this, head over to realvision.com and get unfiltered access to the very best, brightest and biggest names in finance.
