Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down.
Speaker B: So to help us, we brought in.
Speaker A: A reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30. 30, baby get 30, baby get 20. 2020, baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint.
Speaker B: Mobile.Com switch $45 upfront for three months.
Speaker C: Plus taxes and fees.
Speaker B: Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance, join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten. That's podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Now, to the top analysis of today's crypto markets.
Speaker A: What's going on, guys? It's Ash Bennington. Welcome to the crypto gathering, our special week long campaign on real vision, where we ask this big question, is it game on in crypto? Are we about to enter the next bull run? And if so, how do you position for it? Yesterday, we discussed the state of the NFT market with our friend Sergio Silva, who spoke with OSF and Mando. They discussed the changes in liquidity and the impact of that. Mando explained why they swapped their vast NFT portfolio for ETH, which is rocketing this morning, I should say. The trio has also talked about utility tokens, web three, and mainstream adoption. All right, onto today's show where we look at the question of is it game on through the lens of hedge fund managers? Joining me today are Chris Sullivan, co founder and co portfolio manager at Hyperion Decimus, Jeff Dorman, chief investment officer at Arca, and Richard Galvin, co founder and CEO at Digital Asset Capital Management. Welcome to the show, guys.
Speaker D: Thank you.
Speaker C: Thanks for having me, Ash.
Speaker A: Well, we got one hell of a day to do this. Lots of breaking news this morning that I just want to talk about at the top of the show here. Former CEO of Crypto lender Celsius Network has been arrested. The us attorney for the Southern District of New York has just held a press conference on it. I believe that press conference is ongoing right now. Mashinsky has been charged with fraud and attempting to manipulate crypto currencies. The US securities and Exchange Commission, commodities Futures Trading Commission, and federal Trade commission. That's Sec C FTC and FTC have each filed separate civil lawsuits against Machinsky and Celsius. The FTC also announced a $4.7 billion settlement with Celsius. The money will not be paid until creditors and investors have been repaid in the bankruptcy proceeding. The New York attorney general filed charges against Mashinsky for defrauding investors in January of this year. I should say not filed charges, filed a civil suit. I believe it's important to note that Alex Mashinsky and Celsius have been a real vision sponsor in the past. Of course, Mister Machinsky is innocent until proven guilty. We should also say we've got a big ruling in ripple lawsuit summary judgment here. We're just parsing through this, literally, this is broken here in the last few minutes before the show went live. But it appears as though the summary judgment indicates that XRP is not a security. We're going to unpack all of that in just a minute, guys. Obviously tremendous amount of news flow today. Hell of a day to be doing this. Panel, let's just go around the horn. I know everyone on this show has been familiar to a real vision audience, but for people who may be new, who may be joining us for the first time, let's just go around and introduce ourselves, tell a little bit about your background and what you do now, we'll start with you. Chris Sullivan.
Speaker D: Sure. Be happy to. Copm and co founder of Hyperion Decimus. We run a quant driven, multi strat semi og in the space. Been investors for almost a decade in the space. And realistically, my role is just to try and get investors to understand what is a good combination of theses strategies narratives, help them defia themselves defeat.
Speaker A: I like that term. Jeff, over to you.
Speaker B: Yeah, sure. Thanks Ash. And hello everyone. Jeff Dorman, chief investment officer co founder at Arca we're a full service asset management firm dedicated to digital assets started in 2018. Have multiple funds. We have liquid, fundamentally research driven hedge funds. We have an NFT specific fund. We have an early stage venture fund. Pretty much the whole team comes from traditional asset management and our real niche is applying tried and true investment, fundamental methodologies and risk management to this new rising asset class.
Speaker A: Well said. Richard Galvin.
Speaker C: Thanks, Ash. I'm the co founder and CEO of DACM. We're Sydney based, but we run global institutional and family office money through crypto. We focus on two core strategies. We run an early stage venture fund which we launched in mid 2018, and a long only fund, fundamentally research driven fund that we launched in early 2018 prior to starting the firm, I was a banker for 20 years, focused on the tech sector at Goldman and JP Morgan.
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, everybody on this conversation has extensive background, not just in cryptocurrency, but in traditional finance, which makes you guys kind of the ideal panel to discuss everything that's happening here this morning and this afternoon. Let's start with Alex Mashinsky. Guys, what are your thoughts on this.
Speaker B: Good old news? Not really worth more than 30 seconds of the show.
Speaker D: Probably agree with you.
Speaker A: Well, but arrested today, simultaneous filings from CFTC, SEC and FTC. This is pretty big news. Obviously, the news has been baked in in terms of what's happened with Celsius post collapse. But criminal prosecution, obviously innocent and too proven guilty, we should say, but still kind of a big deal. What are your thoughts about the impact it's going to have on the space? It is major news flow, Jeff.
Speaker B: I think it's big news for Alex Mashinsky and his family. I don't think it affects creditors at all in terms of the asset recovery. It certainly doesn't affect the markets in any sense. You would never be able to find a single trader or investment manager or fund that is making any bets for or against the outcome of Alex Mashinsky. So big news in the sense that if you had your criminal or expected criminal dartboard, another one that just got targeted, but I just don't think it has a real meaningful impact on the space. I mean, we all know we're moving away from the 2017 to 2021 incumbents to some of which didn't necessarily follow the law, and sort of moving ahead towards the new wave of digital assets, which is going to include certain incumbents who did things right. Plus this new wave of tradfi and institutional asset managers and service providers that are getting into the space.
Speaker D: Yeah, I agree with Jeff completely, Ash. And may I just reintroduce that, just like this news has no bearing on what we collectively do in our funds and the price of the assets itself you can give a corollary to. So this week, bank of America got fined $250 million for basically doing the same thing Mashinsky was doing, allegedly, and the stock went up.
Speaker A: So, Richard Galvin, thoughts?
Speaker C: Yeah, I think the market's largely moved on from well aware of everything that went on in 2022 and just kind of sense this is cleaning up a lot of mess that's pretty much baked into the market over that sort of period.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think those are all important points, I think. Definitely baked in. And as you point out, Jeff, probably no impact in terms of the process that's going on for recovery, for the creditors. But I will say this just to play devil's advocate here. There are a lot of folks in this world, in the business community, in finance, who do not have the sophistication that the folks on this call do. They read the Wall Street Journal. They're going to see this story today, and it's going to be, in their view at least, yet another black mark for crypto in terms of the perception that people outside the space have. How do you think about that? Do you think that's a factor or not important?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think that's important in the sense that it was important prior to FTX. I think the news that came in 2022 prior to FTX, always incrementally important. I think FTX was so big and so well known and Sam Bankman Fried had resonated so far beyond just the crypto circles. You're really not going to have a headline that's bigger than that post November 2022 when FCX went down and Sam Bankman fared was indicted. Pretty much every conversation since then, up until a few weeks ago, was will crypto survive? How are you going to run an asset management firm or a business in an industry that's being targeted by the SEC and the DOJ and everyone else? But post the Blackrock and Citadel news of June, every conversation has already shifted to not from will crypto survive, but who's actually going to end up making all the money here? Is it going to be the incumbents or is it going to be Blackrock and Citadel or anyone else? So I think maybe the timing of the announcement, just by itself, if this announcement had come six or nine months ago, probably would have carried more weight with regard to what you're saying. I think at this point, though, you're not going to get a bigger fish than SPF and FTX, and it's just not going to have a meaningful impact on the sentiment, which, in my opinion, has already started to change pretty meaningfully over the last three to four weeks.
Speaker A: Yeah, very interesting, very nuanced. Guys, any further thoughts on Mister Mashinsky?
Speaker C: No, I agree. I agree with Jeff wholeheartedly. I think the Blackrock news kind of brought us back from, I guess, consensus view that was kind of teetering on the abyss around us regulation. So I think this is kind of like the, this is like a blowback to when a time that we've kind of moved a little on from. Given that, I guess what I'd say is a much more positive sort of trajectory we seem to be heading on post these ETF filings.
Speaker D: It is also nice to see the rule of law, right, albeit didn't protect any investors because the regulators have a history of never doing that properly. It is nice to see rule of law come through.
Speaker A: Well, I guess you could say that this is something that's potentially forward looking. If you want to protect investors, you make a case that bad actors will in fact have consequences for their actions. Okay, onto the next big story here of the day. And it really is an enormous one. I haven't had a chance to read the ripple ruling yet, but I'm seeing the tweets flowing. Obviously, summary judgment here in the ripple case. Granted this morning, it appears that the interpretation is, and again, I want to be very careful about how I say this, that the interpretation, at least broadly speaking, is that the ruling implies that ripple is not a security. What do you guys think about this?
Speaker D: Without reading it word for word, we got to go with the headline. I personally don't think it's a security not representing my firm's position, but going through the code base. I think maybe actions based on three prong Howie test should potentially be viewed as such. But as far as the underlying asset, I concur with the statement that's not a security.
Speaker A: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back. Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down.
Speaker B: So to help us, we she brought.
Speaker A: In a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium Wireless 20 2020, baby get 2020 1515, just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint.
Speaker B: Mobile.Com switch $45 upfront for three months.
Speaker C: Plus taxes and fees.
Speaker B: Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited.
Speaker C: More than 40gb per month slows full.
Speaker B: Terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker A: Well, let's make the question a little bit more general here. Let's bring the conversation just a little bit broader to explain to people what the issue here is at stake and why this idea of whether or not ripple is in fact a security. I should say XRP is or is not a security, is an important question. Guys, jump in.
Speaker C: This case is so important, Ash, is that this is a case that's kind of ahead of the pack, right? So there's been a lot of accusations made, particularly recently as well, around a whole bunch of different assets, and whether they're securities or not. And this is really sort of the key test case that's been running on for an extended period of time now. So it's kind of the first kind of glimpse I get of where we get more of a judgment between both sides and a judge kind of giving a view on whether something in the crypto space that was posited by regulators to be security, whether it is or not. And so it's the first initial read on that first of probably many cases, I guess we're going to have to watch play out over the next few years. I mean, it's just another example of the sort of regulatory pendulum we've all kind of lived through over the last five or six years. Right. And all these legal processes, you make a whole bunch of claims and then they get tested in court. So there's that momentum swing between the accusers and then the defenders. And we've obviously also gone through just a new wave of accusations being made over the last few months. And hopefully we get to sort of see the other side of that play out over the next year or so.
Speaker B: I think, I mean, there's a much bigger point here, which is there's nothing illegal about being a security. I think there's all this back and forth, especially on crypto Twitter, of whether something's a security or not, as if all of a sudden it's illegal to be a security. There is nothing illegal about something being a security as long as security's laws are followed. Right. So it doesn't.
Speaker A: That's the core of the allegation, Jeff. Right.
Speaker B: Security laws are not fired, but it's really important to make sure people understand that because you read through people who maybe aren't as sophisticated as investors, and they're so worried about something being a security, thinking that all of a sudden that means it has no investment thesis and it's illegal or you can't own it. So just to be very clear here, every investment manager, every individual can buy and sell and trade securities or non securities, right. You can trade non securities like baseball cards and gold. You can trade securities like stocks and bonds. It makes absolutely no different to the end. To the end investor. Right. What it matters to is only two people, right. Which is the issuer of a token. If you are issuing a token that is deemed a security, then you have to go through a much longer process in terms of SEC registration and pay a lot of fees in order to register your token as a security and do the ongoing reporting that comes with it, whether that be eight ks, ten qs, ten ks, or some other types of filings. The other group of individuals who care if something is security is those who traffic in the securities, the exchanges, the brokers. If you are, you need special licenses in order to trade securities. And right now, in the token infrastructure world, there really isn't anything properly set up to trade security tokens. There's a few, right, there's a few that have been built, but they have no traction, they have no customers, yet, they have no tokens on there. That's what matters. The reality is, for the end, everybody else, the end token user, the developer, the fund, it really doesn't matter. So if the SEC is hell bent on calling everything a security, first and foremost, I don't care. It doesn't matter to me. But if you are going to try to win that case, which in this case they lost, if you're trying to win that case, and you want to say that everything is a security, then you have to make it cheaper and easier for the issuers and the exchanges to be able to issue and trade these tokens. So, specifically to the ripple case, why this is a big deal we mentioned we don't think the machinsky stuff is a big deal. This ripple news is a big deal for a few reasons, right? One is the consensus has always been that bitcoin is not a security and everything else is. Well, this now shows a pathway for something other than bitcoin to be labeled as not a security. And two, it means that there's a little less credibility for the SEC in their hunt, saying everything is a security and it's a little bit of a win for, hey, you can't just pick on everybody just because you've largely picked on small entities that don't have enough money or lawyers to fight back. If you pick on a coinbase or you pick on a ripple or someone that's big enough with bigger lawyers, they're going to push back and they can win by rule of law. So from a market standpoint, what does this mean? Well, it's great for any other entities that have pending lawsuits, which is Coinbase and grayscale. It's great for service providers of non bitcoin tokens, which is like Coinbase and Galaxy and Kraken and some others. And it's great for all the tokens that were recently delisted, like by Robinhood, for example, which is Cardano, Matic, Solana. And it's probably great for DeFi, which was the other elephant in the room of whether or not DeFi tokens were going to be deemed securities. And of course, it's great for the XRP token in the sense that you look at platforms like PayPal. What do they list? They only list bitcoin and ETH and litecoin and bitcoin cash, the four that have largely been assumed not to be securities. You look at Citadel and Virtu and Schwab's new platform, edX. What did they list? They listed bitcoin, they listed ethereum, they listed litecoin, they listed bitcoin cash. Well, now XRP might be included as the fifth token to be a non security and just assumed by everybody to be okay to trade. Now, that doesn't mean it has greater investment thesis. It doesnt mean that it changes anything with regard to what you think it may or may not be worth, but it definitely improves liquidity, it definitely improves breadth of markets. And thats a big win.
Speaker D: To piggyback on what Jeff was saying, agree with it completely to ripples credit. And Richard, you were touching on this as well. There wasnt the legal apparatus to comply with when the token was issued. They only got to that in the fall of 21. With the three step process, there's only, as Jeff said, a handful of ats that can even trade tokenized security. So there should also be, in addition to properly ruling and complying, there should also be some sort of grace period to let those that are maybe not as black and white and that are gray make the choice to comply and get ahead of it so that there's not a expensive and timely lawsuit. So if we just take a step back, be logical and not worry about competitive incumbency and blah blah blah, and just focus on what's best for the first off, the tech and the infrastructure side and then the investors secondary to that, it could go a lot smoother than it has.
Speaker A: Richard, thoughts?
Speaker C: Yeah, I think, yeah, I think we've just seen this sort of, this swing back in momentum between a lot of uncertainty and a lot of accusations being made of the important thing now, the key thing to focus around is, as Geoff mentioned, these well resourced entities that can hire the right legal teams to take these processes to fruition. I think the next key one that clearly, I think is critical for the industry is around Coinbase. The most interesting, theyre extremely well capitalized entity, and they work across everything to do with crypto, from trading through to custody through to staking. So, you know, them going through a legal process and getting determination around their business model and the accusations made against it provide a lot of certainty or a lot of, I guess a lot of certainty around the gamut of opportunities or the gamut of activities that could be conducted in crypto and how they're saying legally.
Speaker A: Yeah, I should say, by the way, I'm looking at the chart right now for Ripple. It's up XRP, I should say it's up about 30%, uh, here on the day, uh, right now trading at about $0.61. If you look at this chart on a 30 day basis, I don't know if we can bring that up. Uh, there it is. Uh, you basically see it looks like a flat line, uh, followed by just a moonshot vertical bar upward, straight up 30% today.
Speaker B: And I want to, I want to reiterate there though, like if you believe whatever you believe the value proposition of XRP is, it didn't change because of today. Right. The XRP value proposition, whether that being a, a cross bank settlement or whatever you think the future value of XRP may be, that doesnt change at all on this. What really changes though, is simply the liquidity. Two, three years ago, whenever it was, when this lawsuit first started, XRP was delisted by Coinbase, it was delisted by other places. It was limited in terms of where you could trade it to a lot of offshore asian exchanges. This potentially really increases the liquidity and the willingness of platforms to relist or list for the first time, XRP. So a very big win from a liquidity standpoint. And again, everybody differs in terms of what they think tokens are worth. Some people think it's only a trading vehicle. Some people think there's real fundamental value. Obviously, tokens are very different, whether you're a currency or more of like a pass through token that resembles equity. But in this case, I think this is a huge win in terms of the liquidity that is going to be offered for the XRP token.
Speaker A: All right, so let's take the conversation up a little bit more broadly. Obviously, we had some two major news flow stories here on the day. Let's take the conversation a little bit broader and talk about what you guys see aside from these news stories today, in terms of the general tenor of the environment. There's a lot of talk, a lot of optimism among certain quarters about this idea of it being in a spring thaw here with crypto. What do you guys think?
Speaker B: Yeah. Happy to go first, sir. Yeah, I mean, look, I personally, in our firm, we were calling a bottom for the market in December, right? It was so much unnatural selling that was happening in December because of FTX, because of window dressing. At the end of the year, don't forget there was a lot of trad five funds who owned a fair amount of crypto in some way, shape or form, and they did not want that showing up at their end of your statement. Coin based stock was getting killed, Grayscale was getting killed. It was very unnatural. Selling the bottom from a pure just market standpoint seemed fairly obvious in December. What didnt seem obvious was why would we go higher? Its one thing to say that were done going down. Its another thing to say, well, what actually is going to take you go higher? There is basically three things that have happened this year that have started to bake in that upside bull case. The first is the regional banking crisis in March. That was a huge, huge win for bitcoin. You look at a chart of KRE, the regional banking ETF versus bitcoin, and it is nearly negative. Perfect negative. One correlation is that as regional banks went down and people started to lose confidence in their banking system and the nationalization of banks from governments, that was a huge win for, well, maybe I should own a bearer asset like bitcoin to protect myself so I don't have to worry all weekend of whether or not I can make payroll the next day. That was huge. The second is the complete decoupling from a correlation standpoint with macro for the last 18 months, or really from November 2021, when the Fed started hinting at hiking rates through the end of 2022, we were moving lockstep with macro. The correlation was off the charts, and every piece of economic data that was hot was being viewed as a negative for markets because it meant higher inflation and therefore more rate hikes. That has completely shifted this year. The correlation is back down to the historical norms, which is to say basically very little correlation between stocks and digital assets. But also you can see the way markets in general are reacting to positive economic data. The markets actually want positive economic data right now because that means no recession. They're less concerned about inflation and rate hikes, and they are more concerned about whether or not we're going into a recession. The continued strong economic data that we saw in May and June has actually been good for global markets, and thats a huge, huge shift. One of the things we do as active investors is we have to notice when patterns shift, and thats probably the most important pattern shift that weve seen this year. And then third and most specifically is just, you hear it all the time, but its actually true right now, which is that the institutions are coming to digital assets. This BlackRock and Citadel news in June is probably the most important piece of news weve ever had in terms of institutional adoption. You have BlackRock with 9 trillion of assets. You've got everyone else that's coming along, from fidelity to Schwab to now Franklin Temple and State street. You're talking about multiple tens of trillions of dollars of asset managers that are basically behind this technology now and doing it to put their investors into these products. And probably lost is that you also have Goldman issuing reports on tokenization. B of a put out the best 100 page report I've ever seen on the future of tokenized assets. You had JP Morgan putting something out, so that kind of stuff only happens when customers are demanding it. I know everyone else wants to talk to, so I'll try to wrap this up. But you can see the institutional capital coming in a couple of places. The first is that if you look at just the CME, CME open interest increased 34% immediately on the back end of the blackrock filing. What that shows is that the CME is largely used by traditional financial firms. It's not really used by crypto natives. Crypto natives can trade on binance or coinbase or wherever else. It's the non crypto natives that trade on the CME. And a huge spike in trading and open interest on the Blackrock news. You also saw the grayscale premium or discount narrow quite a bit. And why? It's because if you have money sitting in a brokerage account, you can't immediately get it to Coinbase or someplace to buy bitcoin or ETH, but you can immediately buy a security like Grayscale, obviously also because of the fact that grayscale may be able to convert to an ETF eventually, but also just the flows we're seeing in stocks like Coinbase, stocks like marathon and riot, the miners stocks like grayscale, huge institutional flows going into the stocks that they can buy. And you look at those together, and that is a prelude to money eventually working its way directly back into this ecosystem via hedge funds, via direct buys from family offices, et cetera. So this was real. This was not the traditional trope of all the institutions are coming with no data behind it. I mean, there was real flows coming into this market on the result. As a result of that.
Speaker A: Jeff, really important comments. I should say. We're running an hour today, so we all have plenty of time to give the kind of depth that you just gave there. Jeff, some very important points you just made. Chris, over to you, your thoughts, if you could respond to Jeff, because I think Jeff made some great points there about the general structure of this market. What's happening with institutional adoption, terms of Blackrock, Citadel and the EDX exchange.
Speaker D: Yeah, as a quant, jeffs 100% right. In his analysis of there being literally no correlation to stocks, I would unpack and separate certain macro factors from stocks as being one input to macro, but theres no correlation to interest rates, no meaningful correlation interest rates, theres no correlation to business cycle, theres no correlation to revenues, costs, hr, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So that's a really good point for all investors to think about this as an asset class, because we have essentially these cyclical cycles that have been part of essentially what I would call macro or secular cycle one and then a bear cycle two. And we probably are kicking off another secular bull cycle here. The autoharmonics with the charts, as you pointed out on the Ta beast on Tuesday, was pretty awesome. It does match, but perhaps for different reasons. And I also think that the institutional side that we've all been hearing, both Jeff, Richard myself have been hearing that since probably before we even launched the funds, because that's why we launched them six years ago. I think it's definitely picked up in conversations. But I want to make the point that us investors specifically, they're on and off ramps, have been severely impaired. Right. So as Jeff rightly pointed out, what we're seeing here with the stocks that have crypto correlated performance, unlike 2020 and 2021, when they greatly lagged the crypto, the price of crypto assets themselves, they're now way ahead of it. Most of those mining stocks are up 3400%. And now we could see that flip from a lag to a lead. As Jeff again rightly pointed out, we as hedge fund managers need to recognize patterns evolve quickly. Correlations change, we change and adapt to all the new data. So it's fascinating as a human being, as a historian, as an investor, and I want to point out that this is still not too late to convert fiat into digital assets. What we do know about fiat is that it is always a race to zero since 71, down 98% dxY. And then, by the way, Jeff, youve left this little piece out that I think is also a confirmation of bull. How many currencies globally has bitcoin made a new high end year to date? Right. Its almost ten. So I think all of those factors lead into a weighting of the evidence. And ill quickly say, whats the bear case? Because I always love playing both sides. The bear case may perhaps be the most long term bullish case because the structure and fractals of the market would somewhat look similar to 19, where you get an 8100 percent rise and then a truncated double bottom where figure you retest low twenties, and then theres no other trade but to be max all in. So if it starts running away here, I think people will get on the FOMo buy side, which right now we've got a very neutral sentiment that has flipped from focusing on every call being about FTX, as I'm sure Richard and Jeff have discussed, to oh, my God, how do I place capital? What banks are you guys on that I can wire money to? So I do think that that collectively paints a strong case for the both side. Intermediate term, weve washed off, overbought conditions. It does look real pretty right here. It was chopping people up at the high end of the range, which usually is a precursor to another breakout.
Speaker A: Trey, again, by the way, I should point out, as you pointed out to me at the beginning of the show off camera, DXY below 100 today, just before we went live this morning, Richard Galvin, weve heard the long big picture thesis from both Jeff and Chris. What are your thoughts?
Speaker C: Yeah, I should carry this with we're a venture and long only investor, so I'm biased long deliberately. That's our fund strategy. So I'm a bullish guy by nature on this disruptive technology. I think the points around it that the correlation breaking down is something that we've had conviction on over the last few years. We think this asset class is its norm, is not to be correlated to most other things that happen in the world. And we think 2022 was the abnormality, not a new NU and so not surprised that it's reverted back to where it started, which is hype, uncorrelated returns basically to almost everything. And you've got to understand that's in and of itself. Putting aside all other factors to do with it is a valuable piece in an investing framework when you can have asset that, that has such low correlations to everything else. We think in terms of the market construct. If you look for a positive that came out of 2022, as we went into 2023, you effectively cleaned up the investor base to those that had real conviction and those that effectively had the strongest hands to hold this asset class through the bottom of the cycle. And that became clear. I would agree with Geoff in those last three weeks of December was quite an incredible time on market. There was just for selling. There's only a few people standing in front of the way of the sellers. It looked a very abnormal market. We went max long into that period. We didn't expect the payback to be in the first couple of weeks of January, but more than happy to take it. But that did seem like an abnormal, that did seem like the key capitulation event around this cycle. So we think the market's relatively clean at the moment in terms of the owners that want to own this asset class are here for the longer term. We havent seen the spikes up in hot money or leverage or any of those sorts of things as real people that want to own this real asset. I think that what takes us out of this journey and what gets us excited over the next few years is the asset class needs to earn a re rating and it earns a rewriting not just on flows of capital or Fomo or whatever it might be. It earns a rewriting on continuing to exist, continuing to innovate, and actually continue to attract users, have people paying fees and all those sorts of things. And I think that's one of the encouraging things when we talk to investors through the first half of this year, is there's realization that it's not going away. There are still users while fee levels are down or turnovers lower or whatever it may be is lower. It's still quantum's above where it was only a few years ago. So we're getting that step change. It's through a cycle and it's an extremely volatile cycle, but it's a cycle that's got an upward trajectory in terms of user base and fundamentals. And at the end of the day, fundamentals demand that prices move if they continue to improve long enough. And we think we're in that kind of cycle where we're starting to attract investors back because the rumors of its death are greatly exaggerated and we're starting to see activity sort of find levels and build upon bases now.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think all three of you have just articulated the bull case in the view that you guys see in a very, I think, specific and clear way that talks about the bigger picture of everything that's happening right now. But let's, since we're having this conversation here in real time, let's take this party right to what Bloomberg has just updated on their website in the last 15 minutes or so since we've been live. The reason I was being so cagey about what I was saying earlier about Ripple is I didn't want to mischaracterize it I was looking at the, the real time flow from our friends over at blockworks who are analyzing the court ruling on the prong by prongem on the Howie test, and it actually sounded to me very unfavorable. Meanwhile, I'm looking at the XRP token spiking in price. This is from Bloomberg, and I think this characterizes what's happening pretty well, to get a sense of it, and I get to get response from you guys, a federal judge ruled that Ripple Labs token is a security when sold to institutional investors but not the general public, granting a partial win to the SEC in a long awaited decision that could help determine the future of crypto regulation. US Judge Anna Lisa Torres in New York on Thursday said the crypto firm sales of the XRP token to sophisticated investors met the test for an investment contract under federal securities laws. So this is an interesting, well, I would say Ripple in the case, wrinkle in the case, trying to get a sense of what this means. I know that this is all real, uh, time here as we come across, but it is interesting to see that this ruling appears, at least in terms of the Bloomberg characterization, to be asserting that ripple is a security when sold to institutional investors, but not, not to the general public, according to this recent lead rewritten by Bloomberg here in the last 15 minutes. Do you guys have any thoughts on this? I know, I know. This is very new.
Speaker D: Ash. That's bass ackwards number one, because QIBs don't have, don't typically have to comply with accredited and retail investor type limitations. Right. So if you're a qualified institutional purchaser, you probably know what you're getting into, and then I don't mind the court's specification of the sale of it could be considered a security, but the asset itself is not. Because those are two different activities. Right? Yes, but I do like that delineation. And I think, as Jeff pointed out, the ruling opens up really a lot of positive for a lot of assets that people aren't even able to separate the lab from the asset itself. So I think either way, it's a positive. But as a QIP, I probably wouldn't like being told that.
Speaker A: Anyone else have any reaction? I know this is new and breaking.
Speaker B: Well, no, I mean, just the obvious, right. Which is that you can have something that is not a security, but the sale of it itself is a security offering. I think. I mean, you go back to the Howey test, the whole point, like, oranges themselves were not securities, but the sale of the orange juice futures was. I think that's a huge differentiation. And again, it may, when we go back to what I said about nothing being illegal, about being a security, but it matters if you are an issuer, a security, well, there's no more XRP tokens that are ever going to be issued. So you can say, okay, here's a fine or whatever for issuing a securities offering, but if the XRP token itself is not issued, is not viewed as a security, that's a huge win for the platforms and those who are now able to list or relist the XRP token. So there's nuance, the legal jargon gets boring. But again, the big win is for, if you notice, when I said all the things that I think mattered and should react positively to this news, it was all tokens and platforms that already existed. It's not great news necessarily, for a us issuer who is thinking about issuing a token because it doesn't change anything for them. You still may have to figure out if you're a security or not and go through a securities offering to issue new tokens. But for existing tokens already out there, your solanas, your matics, your cardano's, and your existing platforms that are already trading this stuff, like your coinbases, it's a huge win for them.
Speaker A: It's really interesting, and you bring up an important point here, which is it almost sets up this path to legitimize if you essentially pay a fine. I believe it was EOS that did that, paid a fine for the way that the token was issued. But then the underlying token itself is not a security. I know this is complicated, nuanced, and we're parsing this in real time. But Jeff, that really is an important point about a potential path forward for the space, and quite well said. Richard Galvin, thoughts?
Speaker C: Yeah, I think two things there. The sale to institutional investors, or whatever terminology is correct, in which part of the globe you're in. So sophisticated institutional investors. It's a pretty well worn path. So if you, and we're obviously coming at this straight off the headlines, but if you're in a world where that becomes more regulated, securities like construct, that's something that everyone on this call is used to dealing with. And there's millions of lawyers, literally globally, that go through security sales to institutional investors, or some form of sales to institutional investors day in, day out. And that's a well trodden path that the space can adopt and move to largely what most people do today anyway. I think the key point to come out of that is the point Jeff made earlier, and why would be my rationale for why Ripple's obviously responded so positively to this news. It's about access to actually trade and the liquidity of Ripple. And it feels like from listening to your description there and looking at the headline, it feels like that judgment does do what Jeff first mentioned in terms of allowing Ripple to be traded again on exchanges and basically lifting that access. And if you have security A and security B, and they're exactly the same, but security B has much better liquidity than security A. Security B should trade at a, we'll trade at a premium. That's tried and true mathematics, mathematically proven. And so today we're basically seeing with this judgment, and it looks like that is the case, that access to XRP is going to be better today than it was yesterday and liquidity should increase. And so all else being equal, you see a price reaction.
Speaker A: Yeah, I should say we've got a couple hundred people watching us live on YouTube right now. Put down your questions in the chat, we'll ask the best ones. Remember, real vision members take priority. If you're not a real vision member yet, I've got great news for you. Go to real vision.com forward slash crypto to sign up. It's free and will remain so. Remember, the crypto gathering campaign is taking place all weekend. We've got more exciting panels to come, so please sign up to stay up to date. And we're going to be asking your questions later in the show. You know, Jeff, you mentioned earlier there the Blackrock response. And I thought what was really interesting about the Blackrock ETF filing was the comments that I think Larry Fink gave on Fox Business with Charlie Gasparino, where he essentially made the case for bitcoin. I thought in a framework that sounded very familiar and incredibly appealing to bitcoiners. This idea of Larry Fink, this titan of traditional finance, going on a mainstream business show and talking about bitcoin as an international asset, as an electronic form of gold, I thought that was an incredibly interesting position for him to take. We've heard lots of CEO's in the asset management space and the banking space talk about asset tokenization in the dollarized terms. But this idea of thinking of bitcoin as an asset, as a store value off the grid, as an alternative to the us dollar, coming from Mister Fink, I thought was quite compelling.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think first of all, anybody who has been in finance, especially traditional finance, or has been an investor, has a tremendous amount of respect for Larry Fink. And for Blackrock. So obviously, when he's going to speak, you want to listen. If you actually listen to the whole thing. He said, though, it's worth a listen, I guess, because of who it was. But honestly, it wasn't very insightful. He fumbled between the term crypto and bitcoin a few times, often conflated tokenized assets versus bitcoin and more equity and utility like assets. And quite frankly, that's probably to be expected. He's the CEO of $100 billion company, which oversees $9 trillion in assets. I wouldn't expect him to be the world's foremost expert on all things blockchain. That's why I think what was more interesting than that, Washington, the 100 page report from bank of America, the 30 page report from Citi, all these other research reports coming out of the big bulge brackets, where it actually did a much better job of differentiating between bitcoin and ethereum and RwAs and real world assets, tokenizer of real world assets, as well as DeFi and things like that. So I think, yes, Larry Fink, it's himself. That's a huge win for bitcoin and for crypto in general because it was him. But I also think underneath the surface, there was a lot more going on and specific to bitcoin, which I think really was what Larry Fink's focus was meant to be on, because that's specifically the ETF that they're filing is a bitcoin ETF. You have to go back to. I put in one of our recent articles that I wrote talking about. Go back to some of the things that people said about bitcoin back in 2019, for example. I remember, and I wrote these specifically. It's like, this is what Edward Jones investment strategist said, that we don't like the specifics of bitcoin, and we really think the price is moving around purely on speculation. When you think about bitcoin, you're looking to buy something that you hope to sell for more. We would not advise investing in it. Literally a week later, there was the CIO of Allianz who said the same thing. As an institutional investor, you could not actually explain a position in bitcoin. The valuation is not possible. They have no income. It's not an investment. Then immediately after, I forget who wrote another one, it was like the value of crypto is in the eye of beholder. It's unsuitable for investing. So the biggest takeaway was not necessarily his words. It's just that in just four years, we went from this being an untouchable asset in the minds of institutional investors and the big asset managers. To all of a sudden, everyone's trying to figure out who could be first, or at least not last when it comes to offering these products. And I think that's probably the biggest thing here, is that if you are an asset manager in any way, shape or form right now, you have a decision to make. Either you find a way to offer these products to your clients because they want it, or you start sending them to someone else who is.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think you hit the nail on the head, Jeff. But also let me add, theres a big differential between Larry Finks reaction and why hes reacting. Right. Its first off, that $9 trillion isnt his money, its pension fund, retirement account, mostly 401k money. Right. So totally different than Bill Miller saying, I have XYZ amount of bitcoin since the last five plus years. Thats a very different commitment as an investor and as a human being. So smart investors like Bill Miller, who invests their money alongside their clients, like the three of us on this call, do as well make a move early, take the risk and understand it. This is a reaction, but still positive a reaction, because hes getting so much demand from his clients that he will lose business if he doesn't create product to sell to them. That is why all of these listings have occurred for no other reason. It's not like they want to have the g seven go away or g 20 go away. It's only client demand that's driving that, which is fantastic. Secondarily, what I like is it'll offset some of the negative convexity and adverse selection that the futures ETF's have. So you have all of these really retail, destructive, constructed ETF's, ETNs, commodity ETNs, Vix, ETNs are a good corollary or comparison that are just not healthy. You pull it, but, oh, you look at that chart, you look at any chart of the so called exchange traded products that have futures in it. They cost 15% to 20% just to own the thing. Thats not a safe, productive vehicle for retail investors. This spot ETF, in my opinion, of constructive, well will be. And then, as Richard well knows, the US is the only one without etps. And ETF's like it's all over Europe, Canada and Asia. So I don't think it's going to be materially impactful for any other reason than narrative.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think that's a key point that the, we look at the BlackRock filing and subsequent filings as more of a. More of a regulatory signal as opposed to a game changer in terms of flows. So I think that the marginal benefit in terms of flows from bitcoin, ETF in the US is obviously much smaller now than it was back in 2017 when Winklevoss twins had their first run at it. Access to bitcoin, access to crypto, has come ahead in leaps and bounds now. It's still, it's still a step forward. It brings an easy way to trade an asset within a construct of brokerage accounts and that sort of stuff to the world's biggest market. But I think the incremental benefit of that is less than it used to be. It would have been three or four years ago. And from a global perspective, it's very us centric. I think for us, the bigger reaction is it's the signal of, well, the regulatory scorched earth thesis is probably a little overblown. It's not so much around killing the asset class as opposed to determining who are the actors that are effectively controlling or trading or putting products around it. I think for us, an interesting data point that we saw coming into the end of last year, and I think it was literally just a week after the collapse of FTX, was a. There was an article David Solomon, the CEO of Goldman, wrote in the Wall Street Journal where he sort of did a, which is an interesting time to put it out in the press. Back then when it was obviously calamity for the industry around the FTX collapse and the like, we actually put forward that they still believed in the technology and the benefits it provided and the innovation that was possible there. Their push was, but it just needed to be in the hands of traditional regulated institutions like themselves. And that's kind of the roadmap, I guess we've seen, particularly in the US, play out since he sort of put that article in, we have seen a swing towards those regulated. I guess institutions that are large have that relationship with regulators going over decades, have that sort of back and forth with regulators that I guess the regulators sort of know and trust, starting to take a bigger. Starting to take a bigger foot forward into the space. And it's interesting, sort of all come from the collapse of FTX, which a few years ago, or in another dimension, could have basically blown up all that interest in the technology, but it hasn't. It's basically just changed the field of players that are looking to take the lead in it.
Speaker A: Yeah, well, when have large financial institutions ever voluntarily interrupted themselves?
Speaker C: Well, look, and growth is hard. We've all worked in financial institutions before. There's not a lot of areas for financial institutions to find growth. It's generally kind of low growth grind, compressed fees, all those sorts of things, right? And it's just been a grind for decades. So new potential kind of asset classes, new markets are few and far between in the financial services industry. So it's no surprise that big institutions want to get involved and see how they can sort of extend their services into it.
Speaker B: You've seen it plenty of times before, though. I mean, like, you know, don't go back seven years ago when betterment and wealth front started the robo advising. If you go back to the initial headlines, there it was. Financial advisors are dead because robo investing is going to take over. And instead, three years later, what happened is every big financial advisor from Morgan Stanley to Merrill to, you name it, they just started to create their own robo advising platforms that we are still going to offer you our financial advisory service, but here's also a piece of it, which is now robo investing on behalf of you. It's rare that new technologies completely displace the financial institutions. They do disrupt, but they don't displace the big firms. Just find a way to get their share of the pie, and that's what we're seeing right now. And I would actually push back a little bit on what Richard and Chris said in terms of I actually do think this BlackRock ETF, if it gets approved, will have a meaningful effect on flows for the sole reason that investors and people in general are just inherently lazy. When you can do something within the ecosystem that you're already doing, it's just easier. For example, I was never a huge gamer. I would never just seek out games. But once I got an iPhone and the games were right there, it was easy, and angry birds ended up on my phone. Similarly, go back and look at Internet browsers, the initial ones like Netscape and Mozilla and Firefox. Well, who's winning it now? It's Google with Chrome and Safari from Apple. Because you're already in those ecosystems. There's a ton of investors out there that are already in the brokerage and bank system, which includes, obviously a lot of BlackRock products. It's just easier. So even though Chris and Richard both said, and it's true, that it's not hard to get access to bitcoin right now across the globe, it's still an extra step or two. It's still an extra workflow to have to open up a Coinbase account or open up a binance account or to have a self hosted wallet that's just for the lazier. Or just maybe the better word is just those who prefer an easy workflow. It does matter. It is going to be a lot easier for traditional. Take our fund for example. We trade across crypto native platforms like your finances and coinbases. We trade on the CME, we trade on brokerage accounts. We do it all. It's still torture moving money back and forth. There's still no great easy way to do everything in one place. As that democratization happens, as you start to be able to do everything in one place, your commodities, your stocks, your bonds, your crypto, that's a huge deal. And that does change workflows.
Speaker A: Totally agree. And the UI Ux in the space right now is terrible for traditional users. And by the way, also not just ease of use, but also to your point, Jeff, the trust factor. I think there are a lot of people who are interested in these assets but are very skeptical, hesitant, afraid. Whatever word you want to choose to go and set up a self hosted wallet, I think it's just an additional barrier to entry. It's fascinating and I love having conversations like this where you guys are all broadly bullish but slightly different shades of view in terms of this perspective on the space. And I think it makes for an incredible conversation. I wanted to bring in some of our questions coming in from YouTube. The first one comes to us from JP Stanley on YouTube. This is a question for Chris, but I'm going to ask it of all of you. If you could only have one Solana or polygon. Very specific question.
Speaker D: Obviously there's no one ring to rule them all, so I'll do bull bear.
Speaker A: Can you get that on a t shirt?
Speaker D: Yes. Stand by. I will send around to everybody. There's got to be a lord of the Rings one with it already. There are just pros and cons to each. I own both. Full disclosure fund owns both, market makes both, stakes both. So full disclosure there I was hypercritical of the hype cycle of Solana. I didn't like some of the vc pump b dump marketing crap that was going on. And I also didn't like the consensus mechanism, which is called proof of history. That being said, what I can say of the dev team that the GitHub updates and them holding was super alpha. And it is what people who can survive the space and evolve despite maybe making previous mistakes, have done. And then I believe that their recent hackathon had over 10,000 7000 some insane amount of hackers join. So I think that those are monster positive. Coming out of a 242 price high, I think was the price high somewhere in that range down to down 95% ish. So I think Solana had survivorship alpha essentially, and has improved and done good deals, done good things with the chain. The inflation rate has narrowed. So again, long both. I haven't digested today's matic to Paul move yet, so I'll reserve comments on that. But they're just pros and cons, and those are different assets and different use cases and different theses to own them. They're both l one s and that's really all they have in common in my opinion, and the proof of stake side here to basically equal weight in my eyes.
Speaker A: Jeff Richard, any thoughts on polygon versus versus Solana?
Speaker C: We've been a long term holder of Solana since cyber dollar level, since back in 2020, and that remains a core part of our long only portfolio. We think it's pretty unique tech. We think its journey over the last year or two is a microcosm of crypto in general, and we think the rumor of its death are greatly exaggerated as well. And when you look at activity and people still built in on that chain, and we've been active on the vc side as well, backing a number of projects there as well. We think it's one of the core assets that provides really differentiated user experience and capabilities to build on that are really unique for crypto. And so we think it's got a long term future in the space.
Speaker A: Jeff, you want to weigh it in there?
Speaker B: Well, I'm very curious what investment mandate this question comes from that only allows you to own one. But full disclosure, Arca does on both right now, although Solana is more of a long term thesis, whereas Matic is more of a short term trade, just around some of the technicals and oversold conditions. But I guess the better way to think about it is in general, when you do thematic investing, which is what we do, you try to figure out first what is the theme, what is the investment thesis, and then you try to figure out the best way to express that. So, for instance, over the last couple of years, there's been a lot of themes. First was just bitcoin and blockchain, then it was stable coins, then it was Defi, then it was nfts. You could say AI and real world assets are in there thematically now as well. And you can obviously go deeper on all those as well. Like within Defi, there's plenty of subcategories as well. So thematic. And within those themes, you generally want to own the number one leader in those categories. And then you probably want to own one or two of the challengers. Because if you were right on the thesis, chances are you're going to get more bang for your buck on the second or third or fifth place. Who gains market share than you all number one. For example, like both McDonald's and Burger King succeeded. And even though McDonald's was a clear number one over Burger King at certain parts in the investment cycle, Burger King would have been a better investment because they gained market share on McDonald's over time. Right, so. Or Pepsi, coke, same kind of thing. So if you're thinking about layer ones, Ethereum is clearly the number one right now. It's 235 billion in market cap. It does somewhere around 65% to 70% of all of the transactions of blockchain. Well, Solana and Matic are both at about seven to 9 billion right now. So your question is, if you believe there is a future where layer one blockchains have a lot of economic activity happening on them, do you believe that somebody is going to eat into Ethereums market share or set another way? Should they be less than 5% of the market cap? I think Solana is a pretty safe beta to certainly gain market share versus Ethereum over time because they are number two in just about every category right now, from Defi to nfts. Maybe not in stable coins. I think that's probably Tron. But to me that's just a safe bet on convergence that if you're right on the overall theme, that layer one blockchains are going to grow and continue to be a very big part of financial and economic growth. You want to own Ethereum and you want to own probably both Solana and Matic in terms of that conversion.
Speaker A: Richard, any thoughts?
Speaker C: They're partly competing over a pie of smart contract compute capacity and demand, but also something like Solana has the ability to expand that as well. So we don't have the thesis around we're buying Matic or Solana or avalanche or whatever it may be, because they're an 8th killer. And we can test that. We contest that thesis. We actually think through something like Solana and the differentiation it's got over Ethereum can actually expand the whole space as opposed to fighting over just the one sort of market. Now, of course there will be some competition where they cross over, but we take the same sort of view to jeff in terms of owning a number of players across the layer one space because we think they can operate and sort of find different use cases and specialize in different use cases and help expand the overall, I guess, user base and the overall capability of blockchain technology together, as opposed to just fighting over the one sort of thing.
Speaker D: Yeah. What's not really occurred on those two assets, which I think they both can learn from the path on EVM and ethereum is l two s are 80 90% focused on Ethereum now. Well, what if 10% of that shifts to the rest of the l ones because Solana is actually outperforming most of the basket of l ones year to date? Probably because it got so extreme on the downside. But I think looking at it from a very narrow pathway is not going to yield the best result for any investor because you've got no comparison in terms of the quality of the asset between Matic Solana versus Ethereum. Because Ethereum 100% issued, it went through its proof of stake move in the middle of a giant bear market, and has proven itself to be. I hate using this term too many times, but ultrasound money, it's got a real yield of near seven, and there's no asset on the planet that has that. So it is special and nothing can really touch specialness, just like bitcoin in that same manner, just for different reasons. So the ability to earn market share, developer eyes, etcetera, is there for smaller assets that arent going to maybe get there as ultrasound money in the next two to three years?
Speaker A: Well, nothing can touch the specialness of this panel. This has been an incredible conversation, but I want to end on one final question, because this is a generalization of the prior question, and I really want to get this from each of you. The question comes to us from Paul from the real Vision website. Put on your retail investor caps and tell us how you would position yourselves right now. Richard Galvin, let's start with you.
Speaker C: Yeah, look, I think crypto is a cyclical asset and it's a volatile asset. And I think one of the things that I've done through both investing my own money and then managing funds as well, is to try and buy assets in the space that are real, that can live through that cycle. You don't want to get the, you don't want to get the investment decision right of. I think blockchain technology is an incredible investment opportunity, but then end up owning the two or three assets that don't make it through a cycle. And you might have been right in ten years time, but you didn't make it through because the projects you owned or the assets you owned petered out before they came to fruition and the space continued to grow. So we spent all our time trying to buy real assets or real projects that can deliver longer term user growth and fee growth or whatever it may be that they're, they're looking to drive and hold those, and they're the sort of assets you can hold through a cycle. And you need to be conscious that you're going to get cyclical price outcomes in crypto. And so you need to own things that are real, that are tangible, that you can hold conviction through, through the dark days, like through 2022, and then hopefully benefit from as they start to sort of grow and sort of deliver on their promises as the cycle starts to turn.
Speaker A: Chris Sullivan, over to you.
Speaker D: I'm perhaps not as rosy as Richard. I would ask yourself one primary question. Is my goal of investing to have more fiat and if so, develop a trading plan and an investment thesis around that? And if it is not that, then it is back to how wealth is actually built. The wealthiest people on the planet, and this strategy will work for perpetuity, is whoever gets fiat into assets fastest wins. That is not an arguable thing. So to me, I think it's more about how you want to invest in the space. Are you going to take a trade or Yolo assessment of it, or are you going to diversify your asset base and have it be a meaningful part of it as you're converting fiat to real estate or stocks and bonds or precious metals and commodities? If youre going to add crypto to that, then the thesis should be more in line with what Richard said on quality assets. And I definitely know Jeff and his team are one of the best on the planet at that because there are incredibly high quality assets that already exist, that have infrastructure that can replace or augment both government and Wall street and can solve real world problems for very, very, very little cost. I take that view versus seeking more fiat.
Speaker B: Trey.
Speaker A: Jeff Dorman, same question to you. If you put on your retail investor, whats your allocation look like?
Speaker B: Jeff yeah, I think first and foremost, its really important to separate your retail investing versus your retail trading. Trading is a lot of fun. You learn a lot from trading. Theres very few people who get rich trading. You get rich investing and investing for a long period of time. To Chris point, you want to have as much of your assets invested as possible at all times, whether that be equities or crypto or something else. So even if you like to trade. Separate your piece of money that you're trading for fun versus the investing from the investing side. It's really simple. Have a thesis. Have a thesis on what part of this industry you think is actually going to win. And diversify your bets within those theses. If you believe in layer ones, own one or two of them. If you believe in defi, own one or two of them. If you believe in web three or nfts, etcetera. Spread your bets around your long term theses and for the most part just hold them. And then on the trading side, get smarter, get better. Whip things around. Try to learn a little bit about technical trading, learn a little bit about which news and macro factors affect markets. Learn from the trading, but don't expect to get rich on the trading. You get rich by finding your themes and your good tokens and the ones that are still going to be around in five or ten years. And just one thing, piece of advice, don't ever say it's already up. I'm not going to buy it takes something that is down, say 90%. If it goes up 100%, it's still down 80%. If you start at 100 and it's down 90% to ten and it goes from ten to 20, you didn't miss it. It's still down 80% from where it was. Definitely don't, don't prevent the real long term 300% 1000% winners because you got caught thinking you missed a trade.
Speaker D: That's a really good point, because eventually we probably won't be counting in fiat or we'll be counting in different fiat than we're counting in now. But I do want to augment a little of my answer, Ash, because I think despite the UI UX difficulty, every retail investor should commit to, to ledger and metamask and commit to learning what it's like to be your own bank. The freedom that this space offers is to be a sovereign. And unless you learn how to do that, you're not even embracing what the wealth building or diversification attributes could even provide you. So I think I've maybe changed my answer. To learn how to benefit yourself with the technology of the space 1st first and then worry about what you're investing in second.
Speaker A: Yeah, really important distinction. Self sovereignty. A different point from the upside potential of the underlying asset valuations themselves. Guys, this has been a spectacular conversation to have three hedge fund managers here on the same panel to have this talk. Really incredible. And thank you both. I thank you all, I should say, for helping parse through what was happening with ripple in real time. Just an incredible conversation. I wish we had 3 hours for this, but there is a solution. We're going to have to have you all back one on one to have this conversation in more depth with each one of you. But thank you so much. Really a great conversation.
Speaker C: Thanks for having me, Ash.
Speaker B: All right, thanks, Ash. And thank you, Richard and Chris.
Speaker D: Thanks, gents.
Speaker C: Thanks, guys.
Speaker A: That's it for now, but there's more to come. Go to realvision.com crypto gathering for all sessions. The conversation continues on twitter spaces at 05:00 p.m. eastern time today with Arca CEO rain Steinberg. Tomorrow is the final day of our campaign. Raul will close it out with OsF. You don't want to miss that one. See you at 09:00 a.m. pacific, noon eastern and 05:00 p.m. london time tomorrow. Thanks for watching, everybody. What's up, revolutionaries? Thanks for tuning in. For more content like this, head over to realvision.com and get unfiltered access to the very best, brightest, and biggest names in finance.
