Speaker A: Hey there.
Speaker B: This episode of Rauls Adventures in Crypto is sponsored by the Token 2049 Blockchain Conference. Join over 10,000 attendees for this years biggest crypto event at Token 2049 Singapore on the 13th and 14 September. Balaji Srinivasan, Mike Novogratz, Arthur Hayes and over 200 others will hit the stage, joining the industrys most influential names for an unforgettable experience. Ahead of the iconic Formula one Grand Prix race weekend, Singapore will transform into a crypto hub for a week from the 11th to the 17 September, with over 300 site events that make for unparalleled networking opportunities. Builders and investors at the bleeding edge of innovation will drive an agenda that covers ever evolving topics ranging from the regulatory landscape to the convergence of crypto and AI, web three gaming nfts in the metaverse, defi scalability, interoperability and much, much more. Visit T 2049 co realvision. That's T 2049 co realvision for 65% off regular ticket prices with the code real vision or click on the link below in the description.
Speaker A: What is going on everybody? Ash Bennington here for real vision. We are hosting a crypto gathering Twitter spaces right now. Crypto gathering, the macro setup. This is going to be an incredible conversation we've got, as you can just see, just joining the call right now, Raoul pal, our CEO and co founder Bijan from the real Vision community. The real vision community manager for Real Vision collective, Mark Ritchie II is going to be joining us and Nico Bruga. Hey guys, welcome everybody. Looks like folks are just getting joined onto the call right now. Hey Raoul, can you hear me?
Speaker C: Yeah, I can. Can you hear me? I'm on a mobile phone, so I'm not, haven't got a headset on, so hopefully you can hear me still loud and clear.
Speaker A: Perfectly, actually.
Speaker C: Great. Good to be here. Excited.
Speaker A: Well, it's great to be hosting, Raoul. I know we've got some more people joining the call, but while folks are getting on board, why don't you set us up, talk a little about what's going on in your mind. I just watched an incredible piece that you did on real vision earlier today called is it game on? It's a provocative setup. Give us the context.
Speaker C: Yeah, so look, we're all grappling in the crypto space right now. Is where are we? You know, is this the time that we should be really allocating to this? Are we getting ready for the next bull run now? The crypto space overall is not certain about this. There's a lot of people think we've got another down leg to come. Others think we've got this kind of 2019 style correction. So what I decided to do, along with Niko, was to try and put together an incredible week of content, the crypto gathering, as we call it, to get all of the best thinkers together, put my ideas first and say, look, this is what I think, and this is why from my typical macro crypto viewpoint, and then bring on the very best technical analyst, hedge fund managers, web, three people, just to bring as many people on as possible to get their views so we can all learn from all the different divergent opinions to figure out, okay, is it game on? And, you know, I think you know already that I think it is, and it has been for a while. I've been positive on the space since, you know, certainly ETH since June and the rest of the space since November. Luckily, time those pretty well. But most of my work suggests putting together things like the everything code along with the general liquidity analysis plus price action and business cycle analysis suggests to me that the markets continue to rise from here. So I'm pretty bullish, but I'm really interested to see how others think about this this week. So today on the real vision platform, and it's free for anybody who wants to go and have a look. I think it's realvision.com gathering. You can just go there and my videos out. I don't know how long it is. It's maybe 45 minutes. 45 minutes, yeah. Of my in depth analysis of everything that's in my head, how I'm looking at bitcoin, Ethereum, Solana, Coinbase and a whole bunch of other stuff as well, with a lot of analysis tying it all together. So hopefully it's going to help people frame up what they need to know right now.
Speaker A: Well, you know, Raoul, I just watched it earlier this morning, and what's interesting to me is the context that you bring to this is very much a macro context drawn from this broader concept about liquidity, currency debasement, the Fed balance sheet, G five central balance sheets. Talk a little bit about that frame up that you bring to the table.
Speaker C: Yes. So how I've looked about this, and people have heard me talk about this a lot, is my view is the biggest driver of all asset prices right now is global debasement of money, driven by the printing of money by all the world's major central banks. Julian Bittle, who works with global macro investor, put together an index of that. It's quite a complicated index, but generally it's our GMI global liquidity index, and that has, let's say, a 97% correlation with the Nasdaq and about 87.5% correlation with bitcoin. The reason crypto is less correlated is because it has these huge upcycles that tends to diverge from liquidity because of the network adoption. But that liquidity cycle is driven by debasement, which I think is driven by the payment of interest by all the world's central banks. They're all doing it. And I've figured out that all of the QE almost exactly equals the interest payments of the previous cycle. Most government debt is being rolled at between three and five years. It all got reset in what I refer to as the great Reset, which was 2008, something I've only recently come across, realizing that we're all waiting for a great reset, but it actually happened. Basically, it was a debt jubilee on interest payments. If you set all interest rates down to zero, then nobody has interest payments to make. Now, obviously rates go up and down in the business cycle, but generally we've kept them as low as possible. When we reset rates in 2008, 2009 to zero, everybody issued their bonds on this three to five year time horizon. They roll them every three to five years. So about three and a half, four years is every time we end up with a business cycle, which is exactly the same timing as the bitcoin halving cycle. And every time you roll those debts, you pay the interest on the previous ones and just keep rolling the debts forwards. So the debt burden keeps growing and the balance sheet keeps growing. That is, the paying of interest by putting it onto the central bank balance sheet is essentially like taking a credit card to pay off a credit card. So it keeps compounding. So that's what's going on that drives assets, because the denominator, the value of fiat currency, keeps falling. And so once you understand that, you understand it's linked to the business cycle and it's forecastable, you can forecast. When you think this is going to happen. Now, this is still a thesis, a hypothesis. It's worked very well in the past. We want to see if it works forward. But I think with the everything code, I can project forwards when these things happen. And we're getting into the zone now where the printing presses should start to come back. Now, we've seen some of this already. Obviously, Japan used it for yield curve control. And as JGB yields edge up towards 50 basis points, again, we may see it again. China has been ongoing slowly, slowly increasing their balance sheet. They've not done any large bursts, but over time, they have. The UK did for their pension crisis, had a quick burst. The US did for its banking crisis. I don't think the us banking crisis is done either. The european balance sheet is still shrinking, but over time, I think as the recession bites, the liquidity comes back into the market. And all my forward looking indicators suggest that. So this is a really, really big, important framework. And what it really does is drive crypto, and crypto is driven. Crypto is the fastest horse. So it drives the Nasdaq, it drives the S and P, it drives most assets, even gold. But the fastest two horses are the Nasdaq and then crypto. And crypto is infinitely faster as a horse to back than the Nasdaq in this case. And so crypto itself is driven by two factors. One is the debasement, the other is the adoption of technology. So those two things combined make it so fast. So that's why I'm very focused on crypto, because it's a tremendous opportunity. We had a huge bear market. After the bear markets, you tend to get really good returns. So that's really my focus here. Can you hear me, Ash?
Speaker D: I think you have your mic off.
Speaker A: Oh, thank you. Thank you. Sorry about that little tech problem there, Raoul. I was saying, one of the things that's interesting to me about this particular macro thesis, you just set it up there with the internal dynamics of what's happening in currency debasement on the one hand, exponential technology adoption on the other. But what's interesting to me, Raoul, about this macro thesis, unlike most macro thesis, you have the internal dynamics within the crypto space, particularly as an asset class. So you talk about bitcoin versus ether versus altcoins. Talk a little bit about that setup and how you see it.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's another interesting thing I found with my work, is that traditional financial markets, you have a risk curve, and, for example, people invest in government bonds, and then they move out to corporate credit, and then move out to junk bonds, and they move out to emerging market junk bonds or private sector loans. That is generally driven by the business cycle when people decide to take more risk. But I thought if human behavior is similar across how they take risk, then it probably works for crypto. So I started doing the work on the eth bitcoin cross as a proxy for risk taking. And what I found is it actually mirrors the business cycle and the liquidity cycle. So as liquidity comes in and the business cycle starts recovering, you tend to find that ETH outperforms. So that was a big breakthrough. I found that the iSm, for example, leads a lot of this. And so that gives you an idea of when you should be in certain phases of market regime. And we're headed into the phase, not yet, but we're very close, where things like ETH start outperforming. So we get what's known as alt season. And so then I back that up in a number of different ways by looking at different charts as well, and looking at ways and even historical patterns. That's all within this piece on real vision to back up the idea that that phase is soon to come. And that becomes very interesting. And that's where I start linking in things like Solana, because as you go further out the risk curve, you should find that the smaller assets with good network adoption start to really move. So that becomes my thesis on, okay, how can you allocate amongst certain levels of risk within the crypto markets themselves? And I don't think many people have looked at this yet, this style of analysis, but it seems to work well.
Speaker A: Yeah, listen, by the way, if you're listening to this Twitter spaces, take a look over on real visions Twitter feed. You're going to see some of those charts coming out. Looks like the first one just got pushed out on real visions Twitter feed. So you can follow along with us visually, which I think is very helpful. When you see these charts, I think it makes a lot more sense to hear this thesis unpacked. The other thing that I wanted to touch on here is not just stable coins, but also your thesis about Coinbase as a proxy, more generally for the crypto space. How's that working? Explain that framework.
Speaker C: So, generally speaking, if we're going to get towards a. Well, there's a number of reasons why Coinbase is interesting. One is obviously every single ETF, I think, has listed them as part of their ETF. So if you think they get approved, then. Then obviously Coinbase gets a lot of business. And we've had them on real vision. I think they're building a really world class business. They've got some world class people there. But in addition, generally, if you don't know how to trade the space and you know that there's a big movement of capital to come into the space over time, well, Coinbase is like the toll keeper, because that is the main institutional vehicle in the United States. Yes, there's fidelity, fidelity and others, but many of them also integrate with Coinbase. So Coinbase itself does well. Now, interestingly, I started overlaying Coinbase, which got crashed last year against things like the Nasdaq in 2002, 2003. It's following that exact repeat pattern post a crash, low as liquidity comes in out of a recessionary period. It also matches the chart of Amazon out of the same period as well, when Amazon fell 97%, much like Coinbase has done. So there's a lot of similarities from these post crashes. What's interesting is Coinbase, KR one in the UK, which is another small crypto listed vehicle, plus Ark and Solana are all the same charts. So people talk about esoteric risks in Ark or Coinbase. That's not how the market priced it at all. They just priced it according to liquidity. So as liquidity comes in, these are long duration assets and they tend to do extremely well. So they all look very similar, whether it's Solana, whether it's coinbase, whether it's KR one, or whether it's even ark. And it depends how comfortable you are with different risks, because they are individual companies overall. So you choose which part of the risk curve you want to invest in. But they all look very interesting. They're all driven by the same macro cycle.
Speaker A: Hey, Raoul. Talking about the same macro cycle, let me just walk through this as we talk about crypto spring and what's happening in equity markets. Let me just read this out to folks here. I know you've got these numbers in front of you too, but just directly from the Bloomberg terminal S and P, 500 year to date, up about 14, call it almost 15% right now. Nasdaq Composite up 30%, more than 30%. Nasdaq 100 and up over 37%. Ethereum, up 56% year to date. Bitcoin. Bitcoin up nearly 84% year to date.
Speaker C: And Solana up 111.
Speaker A: Perfect sequence, Rob.
Speaker C: Exactly. This was my thesis from last year, that this is how it would play out. Who knows how it continues to play out, but it's playing out exactly as I thought it would be. And the asset relative performances are very similar to what happened in 2018 when the Fed got close to the pivot. We saw similar out performances of crypto that time. Bitcoin took off like a rampant stallion and then had to spend a lot of the year correcting it. It went up 300% in a short period of time. This one looks more similar to the 20 1516 period, but still, it seems to be following exactly the same kind of cycle, because I think it's driven by the same macro cycle, which is this debt refi cycle. Raoul.
Speaker B: Hey, Raoul.
Speaker A: As we talk about the risk curve, let's talk about the maximum extreme on the rip risk curve. What's happening in web three and nfts? Talk a little bit about this. You've been very passionate about this space.
Speaker C: Yeah. So you need to think of nfts and their current state as assets within the ethereum economy. Now, the ethereum economy went through a nasty recession last year and on chain activity shrunk over time. And that's a typical recessionary activity. If you think of ethereum as a digital network state, it's undergone a recession. So what happens is I talk about this in global macro investor a lot, and we've shared it in real vision. Pro macro is there's something called the business cycle dominoes, which shows that some things lead, some things lag. Now, asset prices, like house prices, tend to lag the economic cycle. So what happens is as the economy starts shrinking, people stop buying. Let's say the best comparable is Rolex watches and protect Philippe watches. The economy starts shrinking, people have less money. Inflation has eaten into everybody's pocketbooks, so they stopped buying secondhand rolexes. And the price of secondhand rolexes fall. Liquidity comes back into the market. People start making a bit of money again, they feel safer in their jobs, they end up bidding up for trophy assets again to make themselves feel good. That's a very human trait. Same happens with nfts. So people have been liquidating nfts to get some cash because it's been an eth bear market. And that cycle, and I'll come on to blur farming in a minute. But that has created downward pressure on nfts. Now, what follows from cheap prices is as the ETH economy recovers, people start making money again. We're not really in that phase yet, but soon people will start making money again. And once you start making money, you tend to start rewarding yourself with assets. If you make money in the meat space, in the physical world, you end up buy yourself a car. Or if you've been really lucky, you can upgrade your house, or you might buy yourself a watch, whatever. The exact same mechanism works in the crypto markets. So as people will make money, they'll go back and buy punks or art or whatever they choose. They think gives status and makes them feel good and rewards themselves for success. So I'm getting very interested in FT space right now because it's totally on its arse. It's kind of the lagged effect of what happened to ETH last year. So I get very interested in moments like this when everybody's panicking, everybody's puking out assets. What I also like is when there's a technical reason behind stuff like in June in Ethereum, it was the three arrows capital and all of that. And then in November it was FTX. Here we've got blur with its incentive mechanism. So blur is an exchange for NFTs like Opensea, except that they've got this high frequency market making components and these people called farmers who provide pricing liquidity are given future tokens as incentivization. So what's been happening is they have been kind of churning through nfts, buying and selling and buying and selling to try and earn future rewards. Now, what happened is, and I'm going to partially blame friends of mine, OV and Mando for this, they dumped a whole bunch of bored apes, I think, on the market. Now, there's no natural buyers of NFTs right now in any bulk because of the ETh economy recession. So large sales like that hit the market. These market makers buy them, they then flip them for a small loss to another set of market makers who buy them, flip them from the small loss and you create this downward spiral these guys are hoping they get offset these small losses by the value of the blur token. So we've had this weird dynamic price. Now what's getting interesting to me is the blur token keeps falling. My guess is they're not going to get compensated for the risks that they took and they're going to take a huge loss from doing this. So the perverse incentives by blur, which is they thought a good idea to get activity on their exchange, may end up being the death of their exchange. Now, maybe it's not that dramatic, but the point being, I think a lot of this activity is going to die because people are not going to be keen on getting paid in a token that's plummeting in price that could be worth a lot less than they paid. So we're getting to the bottom of this cycle in nfts. And if I'm right that the eth economy is going to recover and the crypto economy more broadly, then people are going to be buying trophy assets again. So the game in town is to find what trophy assets to own that people are going to want later. Now, nfts are even more difficult than the more speculative end of crypto because who knows what's worth zero and who knows what's worth a lot? But there are some things like bored apes, punks. I mean, apes are probably riskier than punks because it's more affiliated with what Yuga can do as a project, but I still like that, and I still think there's a good opportunity there. And I think they're still og nfts in the PFT space. Then we've seen punks are one of the things that people use, the status symbols. Obviously, I own both punk and a bored ape, but really, what's been interesting over this, I like to see divergences. And the divergences came from the generative art market. Those have held prices. So art blocks, stuff like that, that's all held prices. We've seen photographic art bucking the trend as well, particularly the generative photographic art, like Rupa Reinstow. That's been really interesting life in West America. But there's a lot of this great art that's been trading at high prices or stable prices. So there's the divergence. Fine art held its price. The other stuff fell. And now the question is, what do you own out of all of this stuff? It is difficult because most of the stuff you really want to own is bloody expensive. How do the smaller PFP projects from laugh time around, like crypto dickbucks or let's say, MFers or any of this stuff, how does that last into the next cycle? Req guys, I don't know. Could they have their badge of honor for being from the last cycle? Maybe, maybe not. So it's a very difficult, very speculative space. I'm certainly far from an expert. So I only have a small allocation of my ETH into nfts, but I am very focused.
Speaker A: All right, Raoul, it's the moment that you've been waiting for. It's the reason why we do these Twitter spaces. Let's bring folks up for some questions. I'm sure we've got a lot of questions going on right now. It looks like the first person who joined us was Goldmember. Goldmember, please go ahead with your question for Raoul.
Speaker E: Hey, GM, everyone. How you doing? Raoul Ash, thanks for hosting a great space. Great questions being asked. One thing I just want to mention in particular is just the way Raoul has mentioned about looking at ETH nfts as a store of value, of ETH. And I think that alone has just caused me to just re envision how I look at this market in general. One thing I want to talk about is the explosion of generative art, so to speak, and why we're seeing it have such much more exposure in the market. One thing that kind of opened my eyes to how, how big this was becoming was when Ovi actually posted his his portfolio of generative NFT art profile pictures or just art as well. And I wanted to ask you, Raoul, why do you think we're seeing this, this change? Is it because the generative art or art nfts are not really necessarily tied to a utility and are just art and based on, I guess, the popularity or reputation of the artist or just, you know, what are your thoughts on that?
Speaker C: Art's a really complicated game. But yes, firstly, they're one of ones, so that makes a difference. Secondly, there's no utility, there's no game, there's no nothing. It's you buy art because you like it. But then the meta narrative is, obviously, you want to be hanging out with the cool kids, and the cool kids are buying generative art. So if you see 6529 museum and all of that buying this stuff, you want to own that. It's the same that happens with the traditional art market. You may not like a Damien Hirst, but after a while you want to own one because everybody's got one. And it's the same with Jeff Koons. I mean, does anybody actually want a balloon shaped sculpture? But no, you're going to pay millions of dollars for it because that other hedge fund billionaire bought one, too. So humans have, you know, they really, they like the status. They want to copy each other. The generative art movement is a new and important art movement in the space, in all of art. So, you know, Sotheby's and Christie's have all been involved in it. So that's got the seal of approval. So it's starting to get real collectors. The collectors are getting well known, and that's feeding on itself. And because they're one of ones, they're important pieces of art. You know, art for centuries has been a great store of value, if you can find the right art. So backing the art that already has momentum and has recognition tends to be a good strategy. You know, that's why Warhols have done so well over time, or Jackson Pollock or whatever it may be. So I think that's what people are looking at is like, you know, I do have some money. I do want to get involved in something that gives me status. And it's art that I like, and it's an important art movement. You know, that's a kind of magic nexus we're seeing it with, whether it's generative or glitch, art with x copy, you know, he's certainly one of the leading artists in the space, and he's kind of a basquiat of the NFT digital art space. I mean, there's some incredible stuff going on here right now. You know, I'm not the deepest into the art space overall, but I can see what's going on and there's some magic happening.
Speaker A: Really interesting question, gold member, and great answer, Raoul. Let's go to Penny next, who is, of course, a member of the RV collective. Penny, I think penny may have just dropped off. Probably some technical difficulties there.
Speaker C: Hello.
Speaker F: Can I just jump on stage very quickly?
Speaker A: Hello, Elaine Lee.
Speaker F: Elaine GM is the queen of chaos stepping in? I just thought I'd slip in there and say, gold member is not only the first in the space, Ash. Gold member is our real vision community manager. So a little bit of hearts and loves here. Going to put the vibes back in. Penny handing the stage over to you, my darling community member.
Speaker A: Penny is back. I think you're still muted. Penny, welcome. Great to have you here.
Speaker G: Thank you. Now, I just wanted to go back to the blur issue. Do you think it's actually feasible for them ever to do the airdrop for season two, or are they just going to keep kicking it on and kicking it on? Because as it stands at the minute, I was reading something the other day, for people like matchy, big brother and Franklin to break even, they need to have $5 per farming point to break even. It just doesn't seem sustainable.
Speaker C: Yeah, I'm not really into the true weeds of it yet, but I think you're right. Penny, you and I have been swapping Twitter notes about this as well. It's like, this feels like it's a total shit show. I think that would be the official terminology that they thought that it was going to be worth more than it was. And at these kind of prices, I think people have lost a lot of money. Now, there was talk of some people moving out of the space already, but let's see, and then let's see how blur survives after that. Versus opensea. It's not a very retail used platform yet. People still tend to use opensea more. But this is where liquidity is found, so I don't know. But my hunch is. Your hunch, Penny. There's something that feels like this thing is broken. And their token incentive system, which sounded like a good idea to start with, has ended up being the kind of cross the albatross around their necks.
Speaker G: Yeah, because I can ask you to.
Speaker A: Explain that question for the noobs here. I don't use blur myself, so I'm curious to hear a little bit of the context for the question you just asked, if you could explain it a little more broadly.
Speaker G: So basically, when Blur launched and it was season one, it was nice and straightforward. For every nft you listed, you got an undisclosed amount of points. You didn't know what you were getting, you didn't know how many boxes you were going to get. You didn't know what was going to be in them, whether they were going to be. I think it was rare, legendary and mythic and common. So it was kind of like a game, the game. You find it slightly if you logged into blur every day, looked after your nfTs, relisted them, tinkered with the price, you were going to get more boxes. They ended season one after a couple of delays. It was still late. Everyone got loads of boxes, everyone got loads of tokens. Everyone was really happy. We all dumped our tokens when we got them. And then it was game on for season two. Season two was bidding points, so they bought in where you could bid on nfTs. And the more you bid, the more points you earned. And then you got extra points if your bids got accepted or you bought from bids. And then what happened was all the so called whales came in and started professionally bidding on NFTs to gain points and then to gain more points from their bids. They started lowering the floor price on the NFTs to gain more points on the off chance that they're going to get enough tokens at the end of season two to recoup their losses plus make a little bit extra. And then it put everyone that was a so called, like, normal person out of blur because you were just being undercut constantly. And season two, I think it's on its third or fourth delay at the moment. So they keep saying, oh, it will be this date or it will be this many weeks. It gets cancelled, but when they cancel it, they announce a new utility to try and pacify people that something else is coming along. And then it became even more of a shit show when they started doing the loans on the NFTs and they started releasing the loans by collection. So you almost guaranteed as soon as they announced an NFT collection that you could borrow against the floor price tanks on it. So it just made it even worse.
Speaker A: Very interesting helpful background, helpful context. I want to move on to our. Thanks, Penny. That was great. I really appreciate that. I want to move on to our next question. Nanaimo Trader, one of our regular listeners here at real vision Twitter spaces. Nanaimo, go ahead, please, with your question for Raoul. Yeah, thanks, Ash.
Speaker C: And hello, everybody.
Speaker A: Hello, Raoul. Elaine. So Raoul, just looking at this from the macro standpoint, I know a lot of people are looking forward to the bitcoin happening schedule for next year, but with 92.5% of the supply that's out there right now, how like, what kind of effect do you think that'll have? I mean, we already have 92.5% of bitcoin that'll be mined. Does it really matter that much in the grand scheme of things that another little bit is left to be mined? Curious what your thoughts are on that from the macro standpoint?
Speaker C: Yes, I think the halving cycle is actually coincidental to the macro cycle. I think the debt refi cycle that occurred from 2009 onwards happens to coincide with the birth of bitcoin. And the halving cycles matches with the four year debt refi cycle. So I think the biggest driver is that obviously reducing some supply in a market that is, a bull market driven by macro liquidity helps matter somewhat. But you can use the halving cycle because it works, because it's the same cycle, but I'm not sure it's actually driven by the supply dynamics of bitcoin. I think demand is always more important than supply, and demand is driven by liquidity and the macro cycle itself.
Speaker A: Interesting. All right, folks, let's get lots of other people up here. It looks like we have some questions coming from a lot of different listeners here. We'd love to get some of you guys up here. Let me see if we can just start getting folks up here on the stage. Raoul, as we're waiting for that, give us a little bit more context on what you see happening next. People who've listened to your thesis, what should they be looking for? What should they be monitoring in terms of what's on their dashboard?
Speaker C: Yeah, so I think the big thing to monitor on the dashboard, if there's going to be a sudden surprise of liquidity in the United States, it's going to come out of the regional banking sector. And again, I cover this in the piece on real vision. So those of you who've just joined into the call, it's free. It's realvision.com gatherings, part of our one week crypto gathering, where we all analyze whether we think the bull market is back and whether it's game on for crypto. And my piece kicks it all off. So I think the regional bank's ETF KRe is a good place to look. If it starts breaking back down and making new lows, then that's telling us that the inverted yield curve and the high interest rates are yet again causing problems within the banking system. I don't think those problems have gone away. And behind it is the massive issue of. Of commercial real estate. Commercial real estate across the United States is empty, particularly the offices. And that stuff is all going to end up defaulting within these regional banks. And I think that ends up on the central bank balance sheet eventually. So I think that's one key indicator to look at. I'm also expecting the economy to bottom in the next couple of months. My forward looking indicators suggest that it bottoms. But usually what we'll see is really important to understand is that unemployment, core inflation, these things lag massively, as do rents, and those things will not bottom until 2024, 2025. So we've got a long cycle still to come in the business cycle. But the important part is the forward looking liquidity starts to rise, and the banking system is probably the thing that's going to exacerbate it. The other thing to keep an eye on, for those of you who know what they are, is JGBs, japanese government bonds. They have yield curve control at 50 basis points, which means they buy all bonds and print money to do so. They started spiking up over the last few days and are at 46 basis points. So you're very close to that level where the Japanese start printing again. And that would be more debasement of currency of that time is the yen. The yen has been weakening. So there's some big picture macro stuff going on. Usually summer months are pretty quiet, so I expect fireworks more to happen maybe in end of August, September period when things tend to pick up. One more thing to keep on the radar screen is the US dollar. The us dollar is weakening. I expect it to continue to weakendeze. That gives asset prices a lift as well, and is a positive for the crypto space.
Speaker A: Listen, two quick points that I want to make about this around commercial real estate, because it really piqued my interest when you said it. The first shameless plug for real vision macro members. I did a conversation with Stan von Nuremberg, a professor at Columbia University, that I'm very proud of. Raoul, you know about this, because in the middle of the interview, I was basically texting you, going, holy shit, Raoul, you got to check this out live. It's an amazing conversation. Second, you said something there that I thought was really interesting. Again, that made my ears perk up, which is that you said, not only do you see risk in the commercial real estate market, but this is really the key point from a macro perspective. That, that's something that you see ultimately winding up on central bank balance sheets.
Speaker C: Yeah, we've seen this in Europe. If your banking sector becomes insolvent because of some bad loans, and they're structural, they're not cyclical, then if you want your banking sector to function without it contaminating even the large banks, and I would argue that bank of America potentially could be contaminated within this, then they're going to have to do something about it. Now, we don't know the full size, but the estimates are somewhere between 600 billion and $2 trillion worth of issues. Now, the reality is most offices around the United States are maybe at 50% occupancy. The issue is when they say, sorry, occupant, that's occupancy, meaning they've got tenants. But many people like real vision itself. We're stuck in offices. We don't have any staff going there most of the time, but we can't get out of the lease. So as soon as the leases come up, everyone just, you know, just gives back the lease. And the problem is the people who own the real estate have loans against them, and so they can't pay their loans. They default. They default on the banks. The banks that have done all the lending in this are the regional banks. So the regional banks already have liquidity constraints anyway, because their portfolios blew up from bonds and they've had deposit flights, and they're going to be stuck with these massive non performing loans. The only way to deal with that, as the Europeans did, is basically take it as collateral and lend money against it. So that's what I think comes out of all of this. I don't see any other way around this. Now, the commercial real estate issue won't be this year's issue. It's probably a 20, 242-025-2026 issue, but it's going to be ongoing for a long time. Much like we saw with the savings and loan crisis back in the late eighties, early nineties.
Speaker A: Interesting. Okay, we've got some new folks up here on the. Who I know are eager to ask questions. I'm hoping I'm not going to butcher this name. Batzer, if you can hear me, please go ahead with your question for Raoul.
Speaker H: I confirm that it's been butchered, no problem. Hey, everyone.
Speaker A: Hey, Raoul. Say it correctly since I goofed it up. So.
Speaker H: Yeah, so I just, I go by batzi. Yeah, for sure. Yeah, but it's Bazi rai, but it's fine.
Speaker A: So glad to have you.
Speaker H: Thank you. So, of course, questions for Ralph. Firstly, on the macro side, the total crypto market cap usually goes up by a three x. So I think we reached like 3 billion or more at the last top. The next total market cap for the industry is expected to be 10 trillion in the next cycle. No crystal ball, no financial advice. How likely do you think that is?
Speaker C: I think it's pretty likely. I think if I look at the long term adoption curve, you can use the log chart of the total market cap of crypto. It seems to follow the same mechanism as the bitcoin one does. So I would say that seems a reasonable projection. I think that's been Dan Tapiero's projection as well for a while. I think the whole space gets to 10 trillion into this cycle. It makes total sense to me.
Speaker H: Excellent. And just a follow up question. Others have been speculating that this is going to be the last bull market with these level of, with those crazy x's of returns, because it's so illiquid. So in terms of upside volatility, do you think this is likely the last bull market with this level of upside volatility you've had in previous cycles because the lack of liquidity, do you think that's the case or do you think we're still going to have other bull markets with the levels of upside volatility that we've seen before?
Speaker C: Yeah, that's a great question. I don't know. I think we've observed the lowering of the cycle returns, although early stage more speculative tokens have done very well, particularly if they're strong ecosystem. So there is possibility that that goes on. But how many more layer ones can you have in this world? How many more layer twos do you need? So I think it becomes much more like the tech cycle where you get a few breakthrough things, but overall the cycle continues to grow over time, but the returns come less until there's a breakthrough in something and we don't know what that is. We've got a lot of stuff coming. We've got everything from the financial markets going to be moving to blockchain. That's more and more clear that that's going to happen at some point, whether it's the settlement of equities, bond markets, all sorts of other stuff, even letters of credit. We're seeing the central bank, digital currencies, what blockchains they come onto. We're seeing more innovative uses of nfts to come, digital identification ticketing, all of that stuff to come. So there's plenty of growth trajectory, but maybe speculative activity as more institutions onboard and there's a space, finally. I think this cycle will see a lot more institutions and that will dampen liquidity over time anyway. But, yeah, it's a good question. I don't really know. We'll just have to see how it works.
Speaker A: Raoul, we've got a question that. It's an interesting one from Nico Bruga. Nico, go ahead with your question.
Speaker D: Yeah, Raoul, as you were talking about commercial real estate and the upcoming crisis that we're going to face with that, one thing I was curious about is do you think the upcoming us elections might throw a huge monkey wrench into, or do you think that no matter what, we're just going to move it onto the central bank balance sheet, regardless of politics.
Speaker C: Nobody wants to see all the banking system go under. So I think regardless of politics, they're going to have to do something about it because the regional banks play a role in the United States. Yes, there's too many regional banks, and I'm sure we'll see massive consolidation like we saw in Europe with their smaller banks, and that takes a long time, and a lot will go out of business, and others will just need to be rescued as zombie banks. But regional banks play a role because they are more on the ground. They can speak to the local businesses and help them in their things. So I think either side of the political fence doesn't want the banking system to implode. Obviously, the Federal Reserve's job is not to allow that to happen. So I don't think the election's a big deal here, and I don't think you can force people to go back to work because, Nico, you're a classic example. You don't go into the real vision office, but I'm paying for your seat, or we all are.
Speaker D: My seat, too.
Speaker C: RALPH exactly. And I'm actually in the real vision office in Cayman right now, and I come in once every three weeks, two weeks, and nobody does.
Speaker A: Ralph so basically what you're saying about the commercial real estate crisis is that each political party will complain about it for a different reason, but you'll get the same outcome.
Speaker C: You don't get a choice, ash in the end, voters, their pocketbooks, their banks, these things matter, and no politician will stand against that. They won't want to see their population have their savings destroyed, because that votes them out, and rightly so.
Speaker A: All right, I've got a question for you, Ralph. Every time we do one of these spaces, you're always very eloquent in talking about how real vision is more than just your view of the world. You've given your view. You've articulated it here today, here during this crypto gathering. We've got a lot of people coming on the platform to give a lot of different angles on this space. Who are you most looking forward to hearing from, or what are you most interested in hearing about over the next weeks from the guests that you and Niko have assembled?
Speaker C: For me? A. I always love to hear what the hedge fund managers say because they're people in the trenches with the money on the line. So Chris Sullivan, Jeff Dorman and others coming to speak to us. So I'm always interested in that because everybody else's opinion, those guys have client money on the line, and that's always important. I'm really interested in the web three conversation because I think there's a lot going on in that space, as we alluded to earlier. So getting some experts to chew through how the NFT market feels, what's going on, where the opportunities lie, where the risks lie. I think that's going to be fascinating. I think I'm wrapping up the week speaking to Ovi, and he's great because not only is he an artist, he's also a trader and a financial markets trader as well, and has played this space really well. And he's just an incredibly smart, nice guy. So just to pick his brains at the end of all of this, to try and put together some sort of thematics and see where we think this is all going, I think will be really, really good.
Speaker A: Interesting. All right, let's open the floor. Back up. Jamie. Jamie Minor, you've been waiting for a while. Jump in with your question for Raoul, please. I appreciate it. Thank you. So I've been listening to the interviews about the everything code, and I'm trying to wrap my pea brain around it, and I think what I've gotten so far is as assets go up and to outpace inflation to get to reach your profit, you're suggesting that investing in assets that have network effects, which is obviously crypto and some technology companies, is the best path to. To do that. And then the other side of it is. Oh, sorry, go ahead. Okay. And then the other side of it is that has the dropping. You're dropping in and out. Jamie, I think we may have lost Jamie. Ral, do you want to maybe try and answer his question? Just.
Speaker C: Yeah. So what I did is when I started thinking through this idea of debasement, which is still contentious to so many people, it became quite observable to me once I started dividing. Just as a simple example, I started dividing the asset price prices by the fed balance sheet as a proxy. And what I found is that an asset is future deferred consumption. We buy an asset so later we can use that money, and we want the money to either appreciate or hold its value in the future. And that's why we buy assets. So when I looked at all of these assets, things like the s and p look like they've gone up. Once you divide them by the fed balance sheet, they've barely gone up. Gold has actually gone down, and real estate had gone down. Now, real estate is slightly different because you actually use leverage on it. Ordinary people obviously use mortgages, but overall, none of these assets made you any richer. So if you bought a unit of s and P, you basically bought the same number of units of real estate or gold or anything else, it hadn't made a difference, and it didn't make a difference versus the fed balance sheet. So as incomes don't rise in debasement, but assets do, you actually get poorer. Now, the only thing that beat that was technology in crypto because of this added network effects or a secular trend, and those outperformed it. So owning those two actually got you relatively wealthier over time, even when the central bank is debasing their currency. And that was a huge light bulb moment for me to think, okay, if we're going to focus on something in a secular cycle, it's these two things. Emerging markets didn't work. Nothing else worked. These are the two assets. So in which case, I'm going to concentrate my focus on these assets above and beyond all things.
Speaker A: Jamie, thank you so much for your question. I know that we were having some technical difficulties there with your microphone. We appreciate you asking it, and it was a very good one. So thank you, Jamie Miner. We appreciate it. Next question comes to us from Quantum Watch. Go ahead with your question for Raoul. Quantum watch, I know you've been waiting for a few minutes.
Speaker I: Yes, thank you very much. A question. And if I missed it from the earlier discussion in today's spaces, I apologize. But with some recent activities, such as Argentina settling some IMF loans with a combination of SDRs and the Chinese remnant, and now the forthcoming, I'll just say, gold linked China Russia currency, potential currency, which is targeted at settlements in Africa. And I see it as kind of a reawakening as the old Gaddafi replacement of the CFA franchi. So these non us dollar, non traditional reserve currency settlement layers, potentially, is that a potential bearish, at least marginal driver of bitcoin use cases, which may translate into some bearish price movement. And I'm kind of dovetailing on what was said earlier, particularly Raoul, what you said about that demand, rather than the supply side as being a marginal driver. That's my question.
Speaker C: Thanks for those thoughts. My thoughts on that are the world is trying desperately to move away from the US dollar. That is a very, very slow and difficult problem. The problem being is the world is 400% of GDP in debt, and most of that's in dollars, 87% of all global traders in us dollars. So only what they can do is at the margin, and it's at the margin for the US dollar, but that takes far too long because they can't stop using dollars because they blow up their entire own systems, the world system. So everyone's kind of caught in this trap. But what it's telling you is there is a tendency to want to use other things. And I think bitcoin has a great space within that. And we're already seeing a lot of noise out of sovereign wealth funds and reserves of countries. Now, we don't know fully who's doing what yet, but I think over time, people have learned that bitcoin itself is potentially a good reserve asset because it has no claim by anybody, much like gold, but it's easier to deal with and nations can even mine for it. So I think it's actually accretive and not negative. I think there is a general movement that we don't want the dollar as everything because the US holds so much economic power, and there's also a lot of risk in the dollar system because of debasement, because of the excess leverage within the system. So I think overall, it plays to the same narrative, and it's the same narrative that gold investors have had for a long time. And gold has worked very well over time. It's not a racy investment, but it does what it says on the tin. It kind of protects you over the long run, and I think it just increases the overall narrative for the space. So I think it's a good thing.
Speaker A: I like what you did there, Raoul, with a pun on tin and gold. Raoul, this has been a great conversation. I think we got some terrific questions in from the audience, as we always do, as we come to the conclusion of it. I wanted to get final thoughts, key takeaways from you on this thesis.
Speaker C: Yeah, for me, look, all I can say is go over to realvision.com gathering. It's free. My whole piece kicks off this week. This week has a lot of great content with some people I really trust and like in the space, some great thinkers. As we try and think through what the opportunity lies in crypto, as you all know, I still think it's the largest opportunity set we've ever been given. My thesis was drawn back in 20, 12, 13 when I drew that conclusion then, and that has remained true to this day, and I still think it remains true. So we want to keep our eye on the ball here. We don't want to miss the opportunity to generate ourselves some great returns. As we know, crypto comes with enormous volatility and all sorts of esoteric risks. So you have to be very careful of that. And don't get over your ski tips. And for God's sake, don't use leverage. Leverage is the way to a poor house in an 80 volts asset class. But look, it's an exciting opportunity. There's a lot being built on this space. I mean, it's incredible. When you get a piece of research from bank of America, which is like 130 pages long, explaining how tokenization is going to change the world, from the financial system through to ticketing, the whole world is waking up. We've got an ETF coming. And not only that, a lot of ETF's coming in bitcoin. That's going to bring fresh capital into the space just as the macro cycle is turning and the liquidity cycle is turning. So whether I'm right or wrong, makes no difference. All I'm telling you is to focus. And this whole week of the crypto gathering on real vision will give you everything you need to navigate this.
Speaker A: Well, Raoul, you just said at the crypto gathering, let's talk about it. Crypto markets are looking up, but is this just more opium or is it really game on? And if it is game on, how should you position yourself? Don't scare it away. The bull market. Well, we're glad you asked. The crypto gathering is taking over real vision from July 10 to July 14. Obviously, that's this week. Over the next five days, we'll bring in a crew of rockstar analysts and builders to discuss what lies ahead for crypto. We also want to hear from you, of course. So we'll be hosting interactive sessions like, well, this. Twitter spaces, discord, hangouts with Miss Elaine Lee, of course, a special DJ, and happy hour with Elaine Lee, of course, and a bunch of other stuff, as Ralph put it. Think of it as a mini Glastonbury Tldr. It's festival season. The crypto gathering is back with that said, I want to pass over to Nico Ruga to talk a little bit about the agenda that we've got coming up this week. Nico?
Speaker D: Thank you, Ash. So tomorrow we are going to go from our zoom out the macro crypto big picture and actually look at what the technical and on chain analysis is telling us. Ash, you will be hosting a panel tomorrow with will Clemente redcapital and Kyle diplessis from crypto banter. We'll then all be getting together tomorrow at 05:00 p.m. eastern for another Twitter spaces. On Wednesday, we turn our attention to web three and nfts. Sergio Silva will be hosting OSF Mando and EB seven. And then right after that, at 01:00 p.m. eT, we'll be in Twitter spaces. And then Wednesday night at 09:00 p.m. eastern, we are doing a special degen happy hour for the Asia audience talking about everything going on in Asia. And we have Ten Yang, the head of NFT research from Delphi Digital, joining Elaine Bijon and the whole RV collective crew on Friday. Ash, you're back at it with the fund managers Def doorman, Chris Sullivan and Richard Galvinous. And then we'll assemble at 05:00 p.m. eastern for Twitter spaces. And then Friday, Ral and OSF sit down to give us their key takeaways, followed by a 01:00 p.m. eastern Twitter spaces. We'll then also be releasing Ral's adventures in crypto with Keith Grossman, which you cannot miss. It's an amazing conversation. And Elaine will close out the weeks with vibes, drinks, and good times at 02:30 p.m. eastern on degen happy hour with our very own gold member. Thank you, everybody. Ash, I think that was everything.
Speaker F: Which, by the way, can I just jump in here, boys? Blockbar is listening in the conversation right now. And blockbar, I know you're a fan of real vision and I know you're in the crowd, so do come to a degen happy hour. I would love to invite you, but talking about crypto bands. Aniko, I have a question for Raoul, if I may.
Speaker C: Go on, Raoul.
Speaker A: Go ahead.
Speaker F: Ash and I have. So, Raoul, Ash and I have been kidnapped. What would you trade off in your portfolio to get Ash and I back?
Speaker C: Oh, man, I'm not going to answer that. Elaine.
Speaker F: Thumbs down, everybody. The soundboard is coming out.
Speaker A: Elaine, if it's between you and me and Eth, I don't know what's going to win there in Raoul's. Portfolio. Listen, I know I said final thoughts, raoul, but I'm sure you can't listen to all that without wanting to jump in with one final parthian shot. Obviously, we've got a lot coming up this week. I know you and Nico have put together a lot of work to engineer it. Any final comments you'd like to add before we jump?
Speaker C: No, not for now. I think I've laid out my case. I've been trying to drip feed everybody with the everything code, all the information that I can possibly give. I don't have a monopoly on the truth. I may be wrong, but I'm as constructed as I've ever been over my time horizon. Remember, my time horizon is not this week, not this month, not this year. My time horizon goes out to 2030. But I'm looking at the macro cycles, and the macro cycles go out to 2025 or so. So I'm bullish over that time horizon.
Speaker A: Perfect way to end it. Raoul, Elaine, Nico, everyone who asked questions. Thank you so much, Bijon. The whole crew listening and all the questions. We really appreciate it. Thank you so much. See you, of course, on the crypto gathering. Take care, everybody.
Speaker B: This episode of Raoul's adventures in Crypto was sponsored by Token 2049 Singapore. Get 65% off regular ticket prices with the code realvision at t 2049 co realvision.
