Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited premium wireless.
Speaker C: Everybody get 30. 30, baby get 30, baby get 20. 2020, baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint mobile.com switch $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com dot at.
Speaker B: Real vision, we're closing the doors, but not how you might think. You see, this autumn, we're launching the new real Vision, a platform built around the universal truth that knowledge Times tools Times network equals success. Your success. It's the biggest transformation in our history and brings together everything you need in your journey from information to knowledge to wisdom, all in one place. That's incredible. AI, charting tools, networking, economic data, watch lists, notes and a whole ton more. We start rolling out to our current members at the end of August. And from August 15, we're closing the doors to any new members while we focus on that. But you do have one final chance to get in that door. Until August 15, you can level up for a whole quarter of real vision just for the price of $20.14. When you go to realvision.com lastchance, you'll see why we chose that price in particular. It's something about real vision of old. You'll get to experience the new platform before the general public with no obligation to stay. After that, three months and a price that works out for like $6 a month. It's what you call a no brainer. Anyway, I hope to see you on real vision. It's an incredible community and my God, this new platform is going to be extraordinary and will change as many lives as possible. That's realvision.com lastchance.
Speaker C: All right, let's get to the meat and potatoes of the show. And today it's a Friday. We've got Raoul Paul with us. I've got a lot to speak to him about. As I said to you, let's get Raoul into the studio. Raoul, welcome, my friend.
Speaker B: Good to see you, my friend.
Speaker C: Are you in big Cayman or small Cayman?
Speaker B: I'm in big Cayman and my house in big Cayman.
Speaker C: Oh, awesome, awesome. Listen, good to see you, my friend. I've got so much to talk to you about. I think a good place to start this is to talk about these tokens. In fact, I want to actually start this with an exercise that I did yesterday on Twitter. And what bothered me was, we spend a lot of time researching what we think are the best altcoins on the market. We look at the fundamentals, look at the usage, we look at the network effects, we look at everything else, and hopefully we then invest in these tokens. But then when the market bounces after a massive dip like the one that we had, the tokens that performed the best were the meme coins. Pepe went up 80%, stacks went up 70%. Nio, a blockchain that I haven't heard about since 2017 or 2018, recovered 50%. And Solana, which I think is a very, very, very good token, didn't even recover. I mean, hardly even recovered. So then I went on to Twitter and I did a little poll and I said, look, if you were buying these for two year hold and no selling is allowed, what would you rather buy? Solana or stacks? Solana or pepe or solana or Nio? And everyone said over 70 or 80% of people said Solana, they'd buy Solana. How do you explain that with all of the sentiment and everyone thinking that Solana is a better token, all these meme coins actually recover quicker. What am I missing here?
Speaker B: I'm not sure. The vagaries of the market, I think a lot of it, is that Solana is more of an investment. It's a larger cap token, it takes more to move it, and it's less driven by crazy punters who are the degens who are looking for the next thing that goes up 50% in a couple of days. So I just think it's a different bunch of participants, really, because I think you're. I mean, I answered your survey as well, and I answered Solana, and I'm long Solana and I think, really, the bigger tokens are going to be driven by money coming into the space overall. And then we had the regulatory issues where people are concerned. What does it mean? Solana and some of the others still have overhangs from FTX days and other stuff, while stuff like Nio doesn't have it. So it's part of that. And a lot of the time I just tell people it's all noise. So, you know, I think you go, you drive yourself crazy looking for the next big thing when in front of your eyes. Over time, if I look at my screen, bitcoin's up 82% this year, eth's up 57%, and Solana is up 70%. I mean, that's pretty decent.
Speaker C: Yeah, that is a decent return. But I just. I don't know. I get a little bit demotivated when I spend my whole day researching what I think are the best tokens out there. And I used the models and I use all the fund, the fundamentals and all the good foundations, and then the tokens that run are the dumb money. Fred came into the office two days ago and he said, I'm following the.
Speaker B: Dumb money and you haven't got the investors. So what you're doing is proper analysis that needs kind of fresh capital into the space. What we've got is actually churning, you know, people flipping out of nfts into Pepe, that kind of stuff. But what you're doing is saying, well, if new capital comes into the space, they're going to look for these fundamental proper opportunities. We're just not seeing new capital yet.
Speaker C: What is the thesis for new capital coming into this space? Is there light at the end of a tunnel when it comes to new capital coming out there? I mean, you've had Operation Choke point, you've got Gary Gensler going crazy against all of the tokens and all of the providers and binance and Coinbase. What's your thesis for new capital actually flowing in here?
Speaker B: So my thesis has been always based on the liquidity cycle and macro. And the liquidity cycle for me, bottomed in June last year, which is when ETH bottomed. And then the confirmations came from other liquidity cycles that I used that bottomed in November, October, November. So I think liquidity rises from now on. And people just want a little bit more macro certainty. The Fed, like, we're stopping. No, we're not stopping. We're kind of stopping. Maybe we're not. It doesn't help people. But I think capital is soon to come. I think the Blackrock ETF is another way of bringing fresh capital into the space. And so that's the real issue, is just, it's a dead market right now and it's just us lot moving money around. And until you bring in new people now I'm. I have a different view on the US regulations. I kind of don't care. You're in South Africa, I'm in the Cayman Islands. It makes no difference to us. I mean, zero.
Speaker C: Well, it does make a difference. It does make a difference because the US is one of the biggest markets for, or the biggest potential markets for crypto buying, crypto trading, crypto building. And if they out, it sends a clear message to the rest of the world? Well, a, we're not getting them, their liquidity and their money into crypto, which we're already starting to feel there's a lot less liquidity as a result of the fact that the US is kind of out, and it's just not a great environment. It's not a great look for crypto.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's not a great look. But having been in this since 2013, I've gone through this so many times, and everybody feels miserable. I can't believe people still feel miserable now. And the space is up 80% this year, and everyone's still like, oh, it's the end of the world. Nobody loves us, everybody hates us. Everybody on crypto, Twitter is turning on each other, trying to destroy each other. It's madness. And it's actually boredom that does it while waiting for the cycle to turn. The us stuff, I just think it's noise. Over time, there will be a regulatory outcome. And I talked about this, I think about maybe a year and a half ago on your show, is these professional negotiators like Genza. Genza has political side, but he's also a negotiator here for where this space is going to get regulated. He's going to start with, no, no, no, I hate you all. And we're all going to go, we want total freedom to do anything we want, and the answer will be somewhere in the middle, and it depends which side of the middle we go.
Speaker C: But hold on. So he's come out. He's come out, and he's come out and declared a Solana, Cardano, Koti, and many other of our favorite tokens securities, up until the point that he's proven otherwise for people in the US. And I say this because exchanges are now following this and saying, look, we're delisting these tokens because we just don't want to get into a spat with the SEC. This is not our fight to fight, but up until that has changed. And that could be five years from now. I mean, at least five years from now. If you look at the. Any type of president for anyone in the US, those are actually securities. I mean, does that not kill Solana in the US? Cardano in the US? Any kind of other proof of stakeholders?
Speaker B: Last time I checked, Tesla was a security.
Speaker C: Yeah, but. But you can't use. But, but the difference is that you don't need to use Tesla to power a network. You need to use Solana to pay fees on a network. Now, it's not practical for anyone in the US to use. If it's a security, it's not practical for anyone.
Speaker B: I've Coinbase delisted it.
Speaker C: Coinbase haven't delisted it, but Coinbase haven't delisted it very, very, very specifically. Why? Because what Coinbase are saying is we're gonna take on this fight. We have no choice but to take on this fight. But everybody else, Robin Hood, etoro, all the other guys, basically delisted it and all have.
Speaker B: And what percentage of the us volume is Coinbase?
Speaker C: Probably then probably the majority. Probably the majority.
Speaker B: So you believe there's that as well. Right.
Speaker C: Okay, so how do you see, how do you see the Coinbase fight playing out? I mean, first of all, do you think that it goes to court? Do you think, do you think they get their day in court or do you think they resolved this before court?
Speaker B: My guess is Congress resolves this first. It's becoming a political issue, and Gensler is under pressure. I think that's why he's approved the Blackrock etfeminal. We assume he's approved it, which is why everybody's filing, because he's going to say, well, look, I'm going to throw them a bone and I'm going to give him a bitcoin ETF, and that will shut them up because he's under a lot of political pressure now. And so I don't think they want the massive political pressure going into the election. So that's what I think is going on, and I think Congress are going to try and force some sort of ruling. If not, we've got Brad Garlinghouse's case for ripple that still has to go through. I think there's a decent chance that they will get some more positive outcome. And Coinbase are going to go to, if Congress doesn't change anything, they're going to fight to the bitter end. So that means if you're right, and it's a five year thing, well, Coinbase is going to list Solana for five years or other tokens.
Speaker C: Let me ask you another question. One of the feces that I had and I shared with my community this week is I said, look, if you scared of playing altcoins, but you want exposure to altcoins, for me, probably the best altcoin to be exposed to is Coinbase. And the reason why I say that is because Coinbase is a proxy for the crypto market, and specifically the crypto market in the United States. It's got a $13 billion market cap right now. If there's any player that's actually going to win this. It is Coinbase. Because they have $5 billion in cash, they're quite well capitalized. And instead of picking the altcoins, instead of worrying about which ones or security is not secure, just buy Coinbase. You got yourself a proxy for every single altcoin that will ever trade in the United States and possibly beyond. Have you ever considered or looked at buying Coinbase and adding it to your portfolio?
Speaker B: Yeah, no, I've got it as part of a basket already. So I completely agree with that thesis. You always want to own the gatekeepers where people have to pay a toll to access, so the exchanges are always a good bet. So it makes total sense to me. And it's Coinbase is not expensive. I know there's quite a few bears out there who don't like it, think it's going to go bust, blah, blah, blah, the mark Cohodes of this world. But I think it's a decent thesis.
Speaker C: What do you think of binance? Would you buy binance now? Would you buy the BNB token?
Speaker B: It's not one for me. I don't, you know, there's too much opaqueness around it. It's just not one for me. I think I like Coinbase. The people there, I know the Coinbase people very well. They're super high quality. They've built a great business, got a great institutional business. You know, even the Blackrock ETF. Surprise, surprise, who's the custodian? Coinbase, you know, it's a high quality operation. So I think if anybody survives this, it's them. And if anybody flourishes on the other side of this, it's them. Because almost everybody else, all the small exchanges are being forced out of the US. Well, they don't want to deal with the regulation. Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited premium wireless.
Speaker C: Everybody get 30, 30 biddy get 30 bid to get 20. 2020 biddy get 2020. A baby get 15. 1515, just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint mobile.com switch $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited. More than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker C: Exactly. They don't have enough money to deal with regulation, so they're not really a part of it. Also, if you think about Coinbase's approach, it's been slow and steady. Always, always. They haven't gone off to fast profits. They've always gone off to making sure that they could be as close to what they thought was the law as possible. Binance took the other approach. They went fast, they broke things. And I think they said, look, we'll deal with the implications later, whatever the implications are. I kind of get the feeling that that's what happened. And now what you're getting is you're getting Binance being challenged in places like France, the UK, Netherlands. They closed down in Netherlands. They're out of Canada, they're out of Australia. And you got Coinbase actually going into Canada. You got Coinbase applying for all these licenses now. So to me, it's like, it's almost like right now finance too many headwinds. For me, I thought the token was fully priced. I dumped all my Binance, I bought Coinbase, I did it publicly on my show, and I kind of did a very public switch saying, I think that Coinbase is the one that I want to be backing going forward. Binance was cool, but when the time to break things happened, I was in binance. But now I think the time is to do things slow and steady with the law. And I think, for me, that's very much a coin based thing.
Speaker B: Yeah. Also, I think the world is going to polarize that. The western world, the predominant player will be Coinbase. And in Asia, Latin America, the predominant one will be binance, and maybe Africa as well. I think the world's going to split because Coinbase is the largest entity in the west to do this, and binance is the largest entity in the east. It kind of makes sense.
Speaker C: Let's talk a little bit about the ETF. As you mentioned correctly, that Blackrock partnered up with Coinbase as their partner, exchange. Also their partner, custodian, Blackrock. 575 approvals, one denial, sec denials of a bitcoin spot, ETF, obviously zero approvals. I get the feeling that Blackrock were very, very calculated. I don't think that Blackrock would have applied for an ETF that they would have, that they thought that they could possibly lose. I also get the feeling that Larry Fink, in the pecking order is a little bit higher than Gary Gainsler. I just feel like there are ranks. They got to be ranks. I just feel that Gary Gensler is maybe a Larry Fink pawn at best. How do you see it? Do you feel the same way? Do you think it was a strategic move by Blackrock?
Speaker B: I think it was a strategic move by Gensler. I think he, as I said, is under political pressure and he needs to throw a bone to Congress and everybody else to say, I'm not just being objectionable, I am going to allow innovation, but only bitcoin, and only with a massive financial institution. So he's throwing Wall Street a bone, which is this point you're raising about where Larry Fink is in the pecking order. He's throwing Wall Street a bone and he's politically trying to cover his arse. So, yes, I think there's been a secret nod, which is, Larry, if you want to do this, we'd support it. And I'm guessing that a few others have been given the nod, and it's very difficult then not to allow the other bitcoin, ETF's. So net net. It's a positive thing.
Speaker C: Yeah. I mean, so we've got five ETF's. We've got Blackrock, Fidelity, Invesco, wisdom tree, and Valkyrie. What we saw is that Blackrock is a new filing. Valkyries and new filing, but the rest were just resubmissions of old filings, which kind of means these old filings, usually the SEC system, please withdraw your application so we don't have to deny it. Now they like, refile it because they don't want, you know, they don't want to be left behind. Question. There has been all this hype on Twitter about what the GLD ETF did to the gold price and how when GLD launched, that was the beginning of an insane run. And a lot of people are saying that because Blackrock have such great distribution and such great incentive structures for people for their I, for their base to sell their products, that this is going to do the same thing, or could possibly do the same thing for crypto. Now, why I'm asking this is because it's very easy for us to get caught up in this crypto bros. Crypto Twitter narrative. You know, like, you know, this, we're going to get an ETF, we're going to get all this institutional money. Do you really think that this ETF is, opens up the, I don't know, big, the big flow into bitcoin, or is this just another one of these crypto Twitter just blows a narrative completely out of proportion?
Speaker B: I'm just pulling up the chart. Dxy. I think the reason gold did so well. Yes, it did. The reason gold did so, well, back in when the ETF was launched was the dollar was collapsing. Gold is kind of inverse of the dollar. So, yes, therefore the market will obviously invest in a product like that. So it's really a matter of price. Institutions, Raas investment advisors won't buy it if the price is not good. It's not like, oh my God, we can now buy bitcoin, but if the price is going up like it is now, yes, it will bring much more capital into the space. All of these guys are sheep. Pretty much everybody in the financial markets are sheep. They're all momentum traders. So if we've got momentum, if the dollar is weakening a bit, and if the blackrock ETF then comes out, yeah, that's going to attract a lot of capital. If it was three months ago and they launched it, it would have attracted nothing, because you've seen that with GBTC, the discount is a function of the lack of flows coming into that, and it's just been widening and widening and widening because there's no flow coming into it.
Speaker C: So, I mean, other than, I mean, the GBTC has got 2% management fees per year. Also, you can buy the shares on the open market, you can't redeem the shares for the actual bitcoin. Do you think that an ETF is really that different in the eyes of an institution? Or do you think that an institution said, look, if I wanted exposure to bitcoin, I could have bought GBTC, I probably couldn't have bought bitcoin, bitcoin, because we haven't approved custodians in our, in our process flows and stuff like that. But I have approved, you have got GBTC, which is approved. Do you think they see the two as equal, or do you think that an ETF would, like, open up a whole new bunch of capital coming in?
Speaker B: Well, as long as the ETF doesn't trade like a closed end fund, you're okay, because it's the discounts and premiums to nav that's the real problem for people. And also an ETF for most people is more like an equity, while the GPTC is more like a fund.
Speaker C: Okay?
Speaker B: So they just want to see whatever it is on their screen, trade it as a normal stock. People are lazy. I mean, people just generally are lazy and people will generally follow momentum. So if you make it easy and momentum is rising, it's going to work, without question. And Blackrock have the Aladdin system, which is their kind of major system for all of the products and everything else that is used by a lot of raas, a lot of capital allocators. So once you've got the product on that, okay, that's pretty useful for people as well. So we will see. It's just the access that I can do it via Blackrock. It means it's sanctioned by the state and everything's okay. I mean that takes a lot of uncertainty out of bitcoin, right?
Speaker C: Do you think that, I mean, if you could have picked your fighter, if you could have picked your best soldier to do the task, and we were to ask you like a year ago, who do you think, which entity would you like to win the first bitcoin ETF? Do you agree with me that we couldn't have picked a better winner than Blackrock from a distribution point of view, from an access to funds point of view, from a credibility point of view, I just can't imagine a better scenario. I mean, surely it's better than getting.
Speaker B: Yeah, if you take your emotions out of what you want the space to be and you want the new up and coming people, bit wise, because I like hunter and stuff like that. But you're right, I, if I want the space to attract capital and get larger global recognition, Blackrock is exactly the right person to do it.
Speaker C: What's the counter, what's the counter argument? What's the part that we say, take your, take your emotions out? Where did the emotions come in?
Speaker B: Well, the emotions come in that Blackrock is at the epicenter of the global financial system. It's like Goldman Sachs launching an ETF on bitcoin. And people want to wrestle this away from the existing incumbents and I think rightly so. I mean, the whole reason for this space is to create a parallel financial system. And what they're trying to do is bring in just as a regular asset into the system. And I can understand why at an emotional level, I don't really like Blackrock doing this. But for a bags level and for an adoption level of the space overall, yes, it helps, but I don't understand the narrative of changing the system. This is not changing the system, but why?
Speaker C: I mean, if you want, the way I see it is if Blackrock want to bring in their money and buy bitcoin and store bitcoin centrally because that's what they do with all their stuff, great. If I want to own bitcoin and store the keys myself, also great. I see a lot of people on Twitter with the same, you know, the same opinion as you. Like, we don't want Blackrock here, we don't want Blackrock to buy our bags. I don't really care who buys my bags. In fact, the more money that I.
Speaker B: Have to say that I said, emotionally, I would love to see it differently.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: But I think it's exactly the right answers. Blackrock. So I'm with you.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: I don't really want everything to be custodied at a centralized level in a global financial institution. But I'm willing to accept that for the extra adoption, because the space will figure it out over time. More people will self custody stuff, more people will do other things, build on top of the network. So, no, I think it's great news.
Speaker C: Yeah, I must say, the more I think about it, the more I'm happy that it's Blackrock. I want Blackrock to be the first. I think it brings the most credibility into our space. You can say, well, there is a bitcoin ETF. What do you think about an eth eTF? How far away do you think we are from an eth ETF right now?
Speaker B: Fucking miles away. Although I do think there's probably a lot of institutional interest in ETH, and I've talked about this before, because of the yielding properties of it, and because the narrative is not so much about, here's a new global money, we're going to fight the system. It's like, here's a technology, you can use it. So that's much easier for most investment committees at institutional level to agree with and to have an asset, a long duration asset that has a 5% yield. People like that. But I don't think that the US is even close to allowing ETH. Yet knowing how these people work is, even if they did, they wouldn't give you the yield. So Blackrock would take the yield from you, and you just get the price appreciation. It becomes a very attractive product for them to do something like that, because they get kind of implied 5% what they do with stock borrow and other ETF's.
Speaker C: Having said that, I remember the last time that I asked you whether, if you had $10,000, if you had put into bitcoin, if you'd put into ETh. At the time you said to me you were backing Eth, your ETH was your preferred soldier for the hold. Now I'm asking the same question. This time around, the regulatory environment has changed. Bitcoin is on a tear. If I were to give you the same question, I'd say to you, you can only back one horse, you can't back both horses. You're holding periods two years are you backing bitcoin or are you backing ETh?
Speaker B: Same answer. I'm a very long term time horizon guy. I don't change stuff around. And my thesis is when I look at the monthly chart on a log scale of the bitcoin eth ETh bitcoin cross, it's a big wedge pattern. I know what drives the ETH bitcoin cross. It's driven by the business cycle and where you are in the liquidity cycle. We're at the turning point where we should start to see over the next coming couple of months ETH starting to massively outperform. I've written about this in several of my global macro investor and real vision pro macro articles, and so it's just a matter of time. To me now, how this works ran is pretty straightforward. Let's say blackrock ETF. Money comes into the space, money gets recycled, it flows into other stuff. These things have a smaller market cap and are less liquid. So the alts do that. It's the same that happens in emerging market stocks, credit, junk, bonds, it's always the same. So as you move out of us treasuries into bonds, into emerging market bonds, the least liquid ones rally the most. So what do you think happens?
Speaker C: What do you think the timeframe is for ETH to start outperforming bitcoin? I mean, right now, arguably, you could say right now, the best bet for the short term is bitcoin, right? Certainly for the next two weeks, three weeks, four weeks, a month, two months. It just feels like bitcoin's got much more momentum. Or am I wrong?
Speaker B: Yes, it does. And let me just pull up my chart on this one secity.
Speaker C: I can't share your screen today because of this new system, but if you tell me which chart you're looking at, I can also call it up.
Speaker B: Well, now I'm using the DMArC just to have a look at the ETH bitcoin cross and see where we are on the weekly because it'll give us a rough idea of when we get to the bottom. Yeah, it's still got a while to go, so I think you're probably right. Another few months before we start to see the pattern base out and this revert. That's my best guess. And again, I'm so long term, I don't really care because I'm like, I.
Speaker C: Know you're not a trader.
Speaker B: Over time.
Speaker C: I know you're not a trader. I know you're not a trader. You're a much more Mac. You're a much more long term macro investor. But if you were a trader, would you go into bitcoin now and then kind of wait for a little bit more of a run and then just watch the charts and then maybe switch into eth? Or is it just not worth the additional return?
Speaker B: I don't. Yeah, I mean, it's probably. There's been a bit of return. I mean, there's been 20% difference over the course of this year. So 20% is a reasonable amount. Does that trend continue ad infinitum? I don't know. You know, is there another 20% in it? Probably not. So if you want to move around some tokens for a 10% gain, go for it. But I just find, you know, once you've just had a God candle, like this week, where it's up 20%, it's like the 10% extra. It's just a lot of hassle for a limited game. Just the space itself does well. Yeah, that's the chart. So if you. So zoom. Zoom out again.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker B: And then join.
Speaker C: Let me just, let me just.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's basically a big wedge pan.
Speaker C: So that one you're talking about that way? You're talking about that. This wedge.
Speaker B: From the highs in 2017 to 18.
Speaker C: So it's from there. That kind of.
Speaker B: Yeah, somewhere around here. It's on my trading view, I'm thinking I've got different prices. I'm not sure which is the source, but it's different. But it's that I can't see it. If you take out, put it on a line chart and get rid of those spikes. So get rid of the candles, get rid of the open, high, low, close of the candles.
Speaker C: Okay, so put onto line chart and. Yeah. How's that?
Speaker B: Okay, that is. That's basically a wedge.
Speaker C: Yes. So you're waiting for the break of that wedge. Okay, I'm with you, I'm with you, I'm with you. Yeah. It's. There's not much time left for this to make a decision, right.
Speaker B: No, it depends where you draw the bottom, because if you were to draw that 2016 low, you actually get a slightly lower part of the wedge.
Speaker C: So you're saying that would be up.
Speaker B: Up from there. Up from there.
Speaker C: Okay, so you're going to this one.
Speaker B: Yeah. And then. Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay. I'd have to. I'd have to draw this a little bit more scientifically, but. But. But I think. I think I get the point here. Um, so that's ETh, I want to ask you.
Speaker B: That's a compression right?
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker B: So regardless of the perfect wedge or not perfect wedge, that's a compression of a range. The moves that we've seen have small. That correction in the ETH bitcoin cross has been small. Generally speaking, if you were to get a measured move from this, it suggests that ETH does two or three x bitcoin in the next cycle, which also makes sense, really. It's about when you hit the crypto summer zone. ETH will outperform. It'll break the wedge, and then we'll see a much larger narrative around it.
Speaker C: I must be honest, I'm feeling really uncomfortable buying altcoins now and specifically, like, buying the altcoins that I think are the best. And I use Solana as an example. Like, I think Solana, I try and disprove my theory. I keep saying to myself, if I want a fast layer, one with low fees, with high latency, where everything settles on chain, where do I go?
Speaker B: And so I bought Solana into the chaos of last year, both in June and then the FTX, the end of the year. And I think it's the same thing now, is like, if it gets another leg lower, it's a gift because of the points that you raise, is that the network activity is very good. There's a lot of activity going on. There's a lot of people doing stuff. So that's the idea for me, is like, if we get better prices, I love it. I missed that last dip that we had, what, a couple of weeks ago? That was a shame because that was a gift when it went back down to, what, twelve and a half? 13. Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners, and then we'll be right back.
Speaker D: This episode is brought to you by La Quinta by Wyndham. Your work can take you all over the place, like Texas you've never been, but it's going to be great because you're staying at La Quinta by Wyndham. Their free bright side breakfast will give you energy for the day ahead. And after, you can unwind using their free high speed Wi Fi. Tonight, La Quinta. Tomorrow you shine. Book your stay today@lq.com. dot.
Speaker C: I mean, I agree with you, but I also think that, you know, if you think Solana is going to 200 or 300 or it's becoming a proper network, whether you bought it at, it's the same way as I view my bitcoin. I remember, I remember deciding whether I should pay 590 or 707. Hundred was very very, very expensive. And 590 was where I wanted to pay and it never got back to dollar 590. Today it doesn't really matter. At like $30,000, it doesn't really matter whether you bought it. 500 and 9600, 620. So I just think if your long term thesis is that this thing is going to be the prominent fast layer one, what's the difference? Bite at twelve, bite at 13, bite at 15, not the end of it.
Speaker B: It's all ego at that point. It's like, oh, I caught the lows. There's nothing. You're dead right. Anything. If we're right and Solana does what ETH did in 2018 onwards, it's 45 x. So does it matter if you make a 30 x? No. So obviously it does compound quite a lot from cheaper prices, but no, it doesn't make a difference. So it's just ego of like, yeah, I caught the low and I'm brave enough to ignore the fud and take the opposite view.
Speaker C: So tell me, what else are you looking at when it comes to altcoins? I know that you've always been a bitcoin. And then you went into Ethan, and then I think you went into Seoul, and then there was a period where you were analyzing sentiment. I remember you used to send those tweets out to analyze sentiment to see where the communities were moving and where the masses were moving. What else are you getting into? What else are you thinking? May be a good buy at the moment.
Speaker B: So my general view on this is I have no edge when it goes to smaller stuff. I just don't have an edge. I just don't have the ability to focus on it. I set up an asset management firm, exponential age asset management, to deal with this because that's a fund of hedge funds and we invest in digital asset hedge funds because those guys spend all day, 24 hours a day, staring at the screens, looking at what the opportunities are. And it's better to give it to somebody who knows what they're doing than somebody like me who doesn't know what it's doing. When you're going further out the risk curve, I just don't know. So it becomes a crapshoot for me because I'm just not as focused, for example, as you are in the space where, you know, where I'm really looking at those kind of opportunities because I'm a more macro guy.
Speaker C: I mean, I think it's great that you have the courage to say that. I mean, it's great to hear that. You just say, look, I'm a bitcoin eth. I can go down to Seoul, but that's where I stop and then I ride the map.
Speaker B: I've got some, I've got some stuff, you know, I've got some leftover stuff. I've got a bit of matic. I've got a bit of, you know, I've got some stuff, but it's not meaningful positions. It's really just to keep it on my radar screen. But I just don't have an edge. So I just. I'm not that guy.
Speaker C: So you're playing the index. I mean, I guess you could say you're playing the crypto index by playing bitcoin. Ethereum and Solana, you're pretty much playing the index. Solanas. Maybe a little bit of.
Speaker B: I'm still 85% ETH, 10%. It's like maybe 80% eTh. The rest really. Solana and a small amount of bitcoin. I don't own much bitcoin, so I.
Speaker C: Want to go into something different. You keep talking about the fed and you keep talking about the macro cycle, and you keep telling me that you base your analysis and your theory about global liquidity and the macro cycle. Let's start with the first thing. So Powell didn't raise rates for the first time in, I think, eleven meetings. It was the first time that they never raised rates. I think it was eleven meetings. If I may be wrong, he did hedges bets and say that we all expect there to be rate hikes. In fact, if I remember correctly, they spoke about the dot plot, and the dot plot was what shocked the market, because, you know, people were talking about the dots being much higher on the dot plot and a much higher terminal rate. What do you, what do you think about where pal is with interest rates? Do you think it's a. Do you think we're done? Or do you think we've really just taken a break and it's back to business again in July's meeting?
Speaker B: I think we're done, but we need some proof of it being done. We need unemployment to keep rising, which is doing it always lags the cycle. If you look at inflation, everybody looks at the true inflation numbers, and they're at 2.34% this morning, I think. So inflation is over. Core inflation always lags. So I don't know what battle they're fighting here. So I think the highest probability is that they're done.
Speaker C: So you think that if you remember.
Speaker B: Last time, they would.
Speaker C: What happened at the Fed? What happened at the Fed at the meeting? When all the fed officials actually went higher up the risk curve, what do you think happened if you think they're done?
Speaker B: I think, I think for that it's those, that odds will move around what economic data we get. So I don't know, what did we.
Speaker C: Get the, we haven't got CPI yet. We haven't got CPI yet.
Speaker B: No, but look at the global manufacturing PMI that just came out. It's at 46.3, which is full recession territory. So if the iSm, my view is the iSm, which is about same level, 46 point something, I think it will end up being somewhere in the low forties. I mean, that's a good enough signal there's ever been that the Fed need to stop. I mean, all of my forward looking indicators show inflation is imploding. All of them show that unemployment is about to rise. All of them show them the rents are going to come down. All of them show that wages are going to come down. I don't see what everybody's talking about. People are just pulling up a chart of the 1970s and saying, oh, that inflation is going to come back differently because they're trying to impose a narrative.
Speaker C: But I hear you the market saying, and Powell also said that we're probably going to increase rates. Not only that, we're going to hold rates steady for a long time. In one of the interviews, he actually used the terminology for a couple of years or something like that before we actually bring it down. What forces them to bring it down?
Speaker B: It's always the same thing. They've got two mandates, inflation and unemployment. So as inflation comes down, they'll be itchy triggered and when unemployment rises, they'll be panicking. It's always the same. And I've been in this business 32 years and has never been different. Okay, they just Lagdez.
Speaker C: I'm watching the unemployment numbers and unemployment numbers are going down, but they're going down really slowly. Do you think, like, do you think AI makes a big difference? Do you think all of a sudden we get this cliff of unemployment because AI technology has like come into itself and you now have call center agents no longer required. You have copyright is no longer required. You have designers no longer required because AI is doing all of this? Or do you think that that's, we're not going to feel the AI in the, in the real numbers?
Speaker B: I think we'll feel the AI in the up cycle afterwards. I think unemployment will be stickier than people imagine. So employment growth won't come back as fast. So usually out of a recession, you see unemployment rise and then comes back down again. We probably see that slower because of this job destruction by AI that it's hard to get. And then we'll probably see new businesses, new business formation picking up as people try and figure out how do I get employed? You know, that kind of stuff? Because you can't go and work in an Amazon warehouse anymore either, because they're employing robots.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, soon there's going to be an AI doing the show, and I bet you the AI is going to be doing the show way better than I do the show. In fact, I actually want to show you something really cool. Hold on. I actually want to show you something which, I don't know, maybe you can do the same thing and it'll change your business. Like, I think it's going to change our business. I have to show you this because I think it's super cool. So we, we tested an AI in Spanish with my voice. With my voice. Just, I mean, I don't know if you can. James, can we play this? My voice? Que potencial mente sora de salir de crypto, de hecho includes uno de los mayores visas in Silicon Valley, Jason Calacanis Dijon siestas in crypto.
Speaker B: It's amazing.
Speaker C: It's amazing. Now, just to be clear here, we've piloted this in Arabic because my grand only speak well, my grand grew up speaking Arabic, so I had to do something for, in Arabic. We can launch an Arabic channel like this. We've piloted it in Korean. You should see me speaking Korean. I mean, it's, it's, it's unbelievable. I'm so good at Korean. It's actually unbelievable. And that costs us less than a dollar a minute to produce.
Speaker B: I mean, I know it's so we're at real vision. We're just building out an entire new platform experience that it's going to launch over this summer. A lot of it is the experimentation of what we're doing with AI.
Speaker C: So that's actually, that is something that I want, that I want to talk to you about. So I know there's big things happening at real vision, and we never, when you come on here, we never, we always talk about the macro, we always talk about the tokens. We always talk about everything else. And I forget to ask how my friend Ral is doing in his business and what you guys are actually doing in your business. And usually we save that for a call afterwards. But, I mean, now that we're here and you've brought it up and everyone's here. Maybe just tell us what's going on.
Speaker B: What we're, what we've been working on for three years and really building for the last year or so. We've rebuilt our entire tech stack and are creating a platform for community knowledge and all of the tools that you need. So I don't want to give too much away of it, but AI is a big part of it. It's also fully web three, integrated as well. It'll roll out over time. There's a lot of work that needs to get done. So the first iteration, people, real vision members will get it relatively soon. But I. We're looking at lots of things with AI. Like how can we train an AI on my knowledge base and the knowledge base of the people in the real vision network that is proprietary information that doesn't exist elsewhere. You know, we've got 7000 hours of transcripts from hour long interviews with everybody, from Stan Drucker, Miller. You know, we've got a ton of stuff. So what can we do to add to augment people's lives, to augment their knowledge? So we're doing a lot around that. A lot around what can we do with content, how can we personalize content? So rand gets a different news show than I do.
Speaker C: That's amazing.
Speaker B: I mean, that is also insights, helping you digest what's in a piece of content. Because right now, if you, I don't know if you've done this, stick a video from YouTube straight into chat, GPT the link.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker B: And say, give me a summary.
Speaker C: Yeah, we done?
Speaker B: And it summarizes.
Speaker C: Summarize it. Yeah, yeah, we do that a lot. We do that a lot because we don't. Sometimes in the show we get breaking news and we don't get time to summarize the breaking news and we just put it in there. You can actually do it with pals fed meeting. And I mean, the outcome of the pal fed meeting is unbelievable. From what? From Chaotjpt. Does it scare you or do you see it as an opportunity? Like, I mean, on the one hand, both. Yeah, both.
Speaker B: I mean, I mean, Rand, don't forget, somebody can take all of your videos, create AI ran, and start their own channel, and there's pretty much fuck all you can do about it.
Speaker C: Well, I'm more worried about somebody taking my. My voice, as you've just seen, because my bank works on voice recognition. When I talk to my bank, it works on voice recognition. That's, that's how they verify me. That. And you, if you can get the AI to talk Spanish. You can get the AI to talk to my banker. I mean, that part petrifies me.
Speaker B: Well, also, just think of reputationally, right? You've got a lot of following. Somebody creates a fake ran and pumps some token, and there's so little you can do about that. I mean, people haven't got the head simplexity of what this means. You know, you're boasting how fast you could do a spanish version of rantaine. And I'm thinking, well, I can just get rand to pump tokens for me, and he's never going to know.
Speaker C: If you're going to do that. If you're going to do that, will you phone me so I can give you a list of tokens that you can pump? And then we can. We can coordinate. We can coordinate. We can coordinate.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, listen, you know what I mean? It's like, that's the danger is. Is somebody can take me and make me say anything. Somebody can take Joe Biden and make him say we're going to nuke Russia tomorrow.
Speaker C: That's. Yeah.
Speaker B: And we can't prove it.
Speaker C: Yeah, we can. I do want to talk to you about one more thing, and I know we are running out of time, but you keep talking about global liquidity. You keep. You sound like you're a bear. A bull on global liquidity. You feel that global liquidity is about to explode? I think I've even read tweets where you've said it's going to explode for the. Until, for the next decade or something. What makes you so bullish that we're getting into such a big liquidity cycle? I know Japan is putting money into the system and now starting to suffer an inflation problem. What makes you so bullish on liquidity?
Speaker B: So I've done a lot of work on this over the years, and it all came together in something called the everything code. You hear me allude to it. You hear people talk about it. I've done a few podcasts on some of it, but what I've basically figured out is that I think liquidity, in terms of central bank balance sheets is forecastable out to two or three years. And asset prices, like the Nasdaq, is correlated 97% with our liquidity indices. And therefore, if I can forecast liquidity out two years, I can forecast the Nasdaq bitcoin ethereum out for two years. Now, it's still a hypothesis, but it is based around an enormous amount of work about what happened after 2008. I think the big reset that everybody's waiting for happened in 2008. All debts were basically forgiven by saying all interest rates are going to zero, so you don't have no burden to pay your debt. Everybody reset their debts in 2008, and they all reset them into three to five years, every government and most corporations. So what you've got is the economy now, every three and a half years rolls over as you come through the debt cycle. And every three and a half years, all of the interest due on the debts gets monetized by the central banks. So they're all monetizing. And I've tested it out and done a load of work. The US, the UK, the EU, Japan, they're all doing the same thing. They're just monetizing the interest payments on the debts, which means they've got a credit card to pay off their credit card interest payments, and that's debasement of currency. So it's not really liquidity I'm talking about. Liquidity is a proxy. It's actually the debasement of currency that's the predominant driver.
Speaker C: Yeah, so I mean, yeah, you're using liquidity, you're saying liquidity is automatic because your currencies are just becoming less and less valuable. And so you just keep, you're just paying more and more debt, taking on more and more debt, basically.
Speaker B: Yep. And it's a mechanized process of which I pretty much proved it in the everything code that it's happening and come across it different ways, and then proved out that I can probably forecast it into the future because it's so cyclical right now because of this debt cycle, of all of the debt being rolled. And therefore I can probably forecast asset prices as well. And they're pretty shocking. I'm not going to give it away, but it's pretty shocking what it gives Eth bitcoin.
Speaker C: So where can we get this? Where can we get this? You say you're not going to give it away, but I mean, you're teasing us and.
Speaker B: No, because, I mean, look, part of this is from global macro investor, which is my institutional research efforts. That's where it came from, and that's the culmination of 18 years of work. But that's tens of thousands of dollars to get a subscription for at real vision. However, the pro macro guys, and I think there's an offer coming on, pro macro are getting the whole thing. Yes, it's delayed after the global macro investor people had it several months ago. But also the first part of the article was free on real Vision day before yesterday. So anybody, just, you can arbitrage it, but just go to real vision. I think it's dollar one.
Speaker C: Let's go to real vision. Can we put a link to real vision? Is there already a link to real vision? Let's put a link to real vision below so people know where to go because, I mean, people are going to watch this, believe it or not, so we can get them to, we can just put a link for everybody. Do that. Yeah.
Speaker B: Just realvision.com, comma, take the free trial or take the trial. I think it's a dollar. But the point being is this is, and I'm not trying to exaggerate, it's the most important thing I've ever written. It's a culmination of 19 years of work. It's a hypothesis. You know, I'm not saying the everything code is fact, but I feel like I've made a huge breakthrough that nobody else has made. So let's see.
Speaker C: Yeah, rallies and. I know we got to jump on a call actually, because we've got some big things to talk about. So first of all, thank you for coming back onto banter. I actually prefer this format, this one on one format. I think it's so cool just to chat to you one on one for an hour. Usually we have a banter and there's lots of people and Dan's usually having problems with his connection and whatever.
Speaker B: Yeah, I prefer this format because you can just meaningfully chat about stuff and catch up properly. It feels more authentic.
Speaker C: 100%. So we will do it again. I'm going to put you in the waiting room while I say cheers to, to the fam.
Speaker A: What's up, revolutionaries? Thanks for tuning in. For more content like this, head over to realvision.com and get unfiltered access to the very best, brightest and biggest names in finance.
