Speaker A: Rick Ruhl Rick Ruhl is a favorite of the real vision community. If you'd like to meet Rick and get a masterclass from the master himself, you'll want to head to the Rick Rule Symposium on Natural Resource investing in Florida, July 23 to 27. You'll get access to industry insiders, elite bullion dealers, gold council members and uranium pros. Just head over to realvision.com Rick for tickets. That's realvision.com rick.
Speaker B: So just a little intro on today. Obviously, the topic is NFTs and Webden, Web three. We are going to be joined by real visions Jeremy Varlo, who's also just a true dgen and Mfer. And we're also going to be joined by Douglas XYz, who's the founder of Wild XYZ, which is a web three platform that's dedicated to artists. So they're basically trying to be the go to destinations for artists to collaborate through application based residencies, launch their collections, reach new artists. So that should be very interesting. You know, we're hearing a lot about launch pads and web three and ways to help artists, entrepreneurs, founders gain exposure and help them, you know, kind of get, gain an audience as well. We're seeing a lot of that come up. So I'm very interested to talk to someone that's on the inside of that and seeing how that whole process plays out. So we'll just wait a few minutes for them to join the space and then we can get started. In the meantime, if I may, Elaine.
Speaker C: I know you were mixing it up with the audience during our crypto daily briefing that just wrapped. If you would, what were your key takeaways from that conversation?
Speaker D: I think my key takeaway is everybody in the NFT space sort of knows that 99% of NFT projects will go to zero. And I think before you go into any project, that's the one thing that you should ask yourself. But sometimes when we're behind our screens to ourselves, and then you hold that conviction, you go into a little spiral. You believe what it stands for and, you know, you go into it without really figuring out who the team is. You know, for me personally, when I go into projects, I do the whole mi five. I do this speech to myself where I'm like, I go into the projects, you know, treat them as like an ex boyfriend. You never want to basically get on my wrong end stick. If I can't find a face of the project, I'm out.
Speaker C: Oh, I love it. Well said.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's hilarious. You know, one thing that really resonated with me, especially at the end. There was what OSF was saying. I mean, obviously he needs to tokenize his hair, right? Let's, let's get that out of the way. But no, I think one thing he talked about were some of the red flags, flags and identifying projects that are, you know, going to stick around or be successful. And I think, you know, what, what he mentioned there is identifying collectability versus if the value is derived from whether promises are going to be delivered and executed upon. I think that was a brilliant way to kind of differentiate between these two because that's essentially how NFT started as collectibles where, you know, traders, people kind of trying to flex their digital assets. So I loved that. And I, and I think that's a great narrative to keep in mind for the next cycle. For sure.
Speaker D: Yeah, for sure. And, you know, just watching like the really big, you know, NfT people in this space that the quote from that comes from them. You have to be really sober when you go into these projects, right? Well, it was a great conversation with OSF, Mando and Sergito, three of my ultimate faves that really push, you know, the technology that's being worked out and being figured out in web three. And it was just great to listen amongst them with these conversations and, you know, as a community in real vision itself. Just like, you know, if you think about it just a little bit about a year ago, even the macro people coming in our community, they're not necessarily engaging NFTs. They probably don't even have a metamask wallet or they probably don't even care about entities. But the fact that they're using the digital asset terms, the jargon is so incredible to watch. You know, we talk about joking about like the guest's hair, Oss's hair, but, you know, a comment from Paul English, something so simple, just go, hmm, you know, he should tokenize his hair. That will bring in some money. It's just the fact that they're understanding the culture, how we're playing with NFTs and, you know, NFTs and this web three world, I think a lot of it, the jargon is already so hard, but looking as a wider view as a community of how far we've become, and we're playing tokenize, you know, lang tokenization and web three language and we're having fun with it. I think that's the most important thing about this space is that, you know, obviously you have your projects where you want to put your money, but we do need to inject some fun back into space. And just listening to Rao over the past week when he says, you know, NFTs are sort of more like the luxury items and a lot of big plays are sort of just looking across the scene and where to position themselves is an interesting thing that's brewing in the back and I think that's something that, you know, we should look out for.
Speaker B: No, absolutely, Elaine, I love that you said that. And, you know, speaking of things that are brewing in the back and behind the scenes in the NFT space, we are just joined by Douglas XYZ. Douglas, how are you? Thanks for joining us. Why don't you tell us a little bit about yourself, how you, you got into this space and a little bit about Wild XYZ. We're really interested to hear about it.
Speaker C: What's up, crew? Thanks so much for having me. I really appreciate it.
Speaker D: Is that a punk, Douglas?
Speaker C: Yeah, no, this is actually what I look like. That's a live feed of my face. I'm so excited to be here. Thanks for having me. It's great to be here. Crew at wild, we're building the home for experiential art and it's a super fun time to be kind of dreaming big with a small and mighty team. My quick background and how I got into space. I live in San Francisco, so I'm out in the Bay Area. I am born and raised in Ohio for any Midwest United States fans out there and kind of grew up in farm country there. Moved to New York City when I was in my mid twenties and had a tough time trying to find an apartment. And that became a catalyst to start my first business. There's a company called Apartment List, which is a United States based rental marketplace that I ran for about 14 years as founder and CEO. And so my back, my, my background is in marketplaces. Apartment list did about 2% of all the rental moves in America last year and we raised about $170 million and it is about 100 million in run rate revenue. I guess I just mentioned that to say I wanted to bring this marketplace background to web three. I'm super passionate about the space, how I fell into web three beyond marketplaces. I was a collector as a kid. So when I was five, six years old, I started collecting football, baseball and basketball cards and coins and stamps. And fast forward to about a decade ago. I started making an annual pilgrimage to Burning man. And I felt that I was the most creative place that I've ever been and the best community I've ever been a part of. And I started producing my own music about four years ago. So I love music and I really started to experience kind of the pain points of web two as a creator, which I had never felt before. And then I minted my first piece off the art blocks website in the summer of 2021 and it felt like the partying of the Red Sea. I realized then that all these passions I have, whether it's creativity, collecting, nostalgia for when I was a kid, getting to hang out with artists, it just like all clicked and I felt super compelled to build something here. So that's a bit about my background and coming back to wild. We launched about a year ago and building the home for experiential art. That is a big, broad mission by design. We are here to take big swings and try to make step change improvements to the space in the capacity that we can. And what we're starting with is our artist residency. So we have built, we're really just fortunate, honestly, to have this like incredible group of artists that are spending time with wild and building this ecosystem together. We're in our third cohort of artists now. It's about a three month program we run and the artists will get to learn from one another. We have tons of amazing topics, tons of amazing speakers, and at the culmination of the residency, they release their first of hopefully many collections on wild. And so that's kind of where we're at today. So 70 artists there. We just announced our curatorial board, just another ten artists I'm happy to chat all about, but I'll pause because I don't want to talk too much. There's too many amazing people here for me to be on the mic so much.
Speaker B: Well, thank you, Douglas, for explaining all of that. You know, really quickly, I want to go back to apartment list because I think this is awesome. I used, before I joined web three, I was a community manager in real life for a residential building. And when I tell you that apartment list was our best lead source, I am not lying to you. So thank you guys for making me look good in front of my former bosses.
Speaker C: That's amazing. I love to hear that, obviously. And yeah, what a small world. There's, it's really, really cool to see folks with that background kind of migrating over to the space. So that's wonderful. Thanks for sharing.
Speaker B: No, of course. And I was going to say as well, you know, you have such great experience and these are the types of people that I think we need to come into web three with that experience of having actually built products or services, software that's been used and successful in web two and then bring that over to web three. That's exactly what we need. So, you know, being that, what is.
Speaker D: That, like, just for like, the tinder of apartments?
Speaker C: Yeah, well, we, we have been described as that before. And so one of our board members actually was the coo of bumble, too. So, yeah, we, you know, it's funny, it's like you learn, it's a, it's a two sided marketplace. Not to get too, like, business speak.
Speaker D: But Doug, I just need you to launch a 10,000 PfP. The rarest trait is the mansion and just launch a bunch of houses. No, I'm kidding. As you were, sir.
Speaker C: Maybe we'll have to do that at wild. And I think you're onto something there.
Speaker D: 10% commission. You know my address. I'll dm.
Speaker C: You nailed it.
Speaker B: She runs a tough bargain, that Elaine. She's a great negotiator. But, you know, you are in the trenches with these artists. And that's kind of one of the, I think the main, or one of the biggest things that people kind of think of when they think of nfts, they think of digital art, generative art. You know, our arts, artists are kind of at the front of our mind when we think of NFT. So I wanted to ask you, what do you think, or what have you seen are some of the biggest problems facing artists in web three? And that could be for new artists kind of coming in or for artists that have already been involved in the space. What do you think are some of these issues that are facing them?
Speaker C: Yeah, amazing question. We love artists. This is like, this is all we get to spend all day chatting with some of the most creative humans on planet Earth. So we're obsessed with helping the artist community and building something that can be a platform that can be trusted. This is a sad one. Like the first, the biggest problem for artists right now is the proliferation of kind of the cash grab PFP culture that dominates the headlines. I talked to some very kind of renowned galleries over the last month here, and what's the, what's happening is they only know, they don't have this deep depth of knowledge that the folks probably listening to this call might have. And it's not. They just haven't made the effort to get into the space yet. And so the baseline from which they're starting is every single headline about cash grabs and celebrities getting issued subpoenas and FTX going under and all this, all these very draconian scenarios that have nothing to do with incredible artists. And so, like, you know, you think of somebody who now, most artists are sole practitioners, so their entire income and livelihood is tied to their ability to produce work and for that work to be successful financially in addition to telling a story that is authentic to them. And so, you know, what happens is we are putting these artists in position. Bye. Allowing these massive PFP collections that are cash grabs and shitcoins that are cash grabs, it ends up actually becoming huge, huge barrier to entry for more artists and creators to come into our space. I think that's super sad. You might be saying, yeah, but that's the space. What can we do about it? Well, we don't have to participate in that stuff. And we actually can be pretty vocal about saying like, hey, maybe stop doing these cash grabs because it's not good for web three. It's certainly not inviting to artists and it's certainly not good for the longevity of the space. So that's where I would start. I would say it's like the biggest problem for artists right now is something that's completely outside of their control. But you have big microphones. We have a microphone. To the extent that we can start to make a safe space for artists to kind of move their entire livelihood to web three, we need to do that. And I, you know, I fervently believe that this is the future, but it's not going to happen if we allow bad actors to get to be very vocal. And, you know, that that's something that's super important to get the space right. It needs to be built on a foundation that we can all be proud of.
Speaker B: Absolutely, Douglas, absolutely. I think that that speaks to the whole idea of, you know, speaking with your wallet, right? Don't buy these things. They're not going to be profitable and therefore they won't be constantly being released. But it seems like people are buying them left and right. And, you know, as long as that happens, there's, there's money to be made. So they're going to continue releasing all these, you know, shit, coins, derivatives, you know, b's projects, if you will. But you know what I have noticed? I've noticed the narrative kind of switching a little bit away from pfps and people starting to talk more about generative art and showcase their generative art collections. Do you think that we're starting to kind of wake up to this, or do you think it's just kind of a trend of like monkey see, monkey do? We've seen some higher profile people doing this and now we're following. What, what do you, what do you kind of think about why we're starting to see a little transition here.
Speaker C: Yeah. Rather than talking about the negative, like, I love this. Let's talk about the positive.
Speaker D: I mean, before you get to the positive, Douglas, I know you mentioned the negative and to jump in like this, but I just want to say that speech that you just gave out sent a charge through me, so I'm just going to send a few hearts and Bjan, if I may, can I ask a question?
Speaker C: Hell yeah.
Speaker B: I mean, jump in.
Speaker D: Can I pull the sound board out?
Speaker C: You can do anything you want.
Speaker B: This is don't expose me back to.
Speaker D: You talking about the positives. Let's fucking go.
Speaker C: Hell yeah. I much appreciate it. Thank you, Elaine. This is my new favorite Twitter spaces. Just so everybody knows. Yeah. So talking about the positive. So, yes, the conversations that we are having are going to kind of set like, everybody here that's listening has an interest in digital art. I think that we, here's one thing that everyone here can do to make this space better. You can learn about one artist that makes you happy, one artist where you actually get to know their story. You didn't just buy their work because it looked pretty. You bought their work because they're telling you something they believe in, that you believe in, and it's something that you want to share. And our team, we get access to hundreds and hundreds of artists. We get to have all these incredible conversations. And you learn the story behind a collection that took two years to create. And it was about somebody's brother that had passed away. And it is so tragic, but it gave them hope, and it told the story in an authentic way to that artist. And it is an incredible opportunity for that artist to express something that this digital artwork is the best way they knew how to express it. And there was no better way to be able to kind of express and tell that story of what happened. And that, to me, is so powerful. And so when I have conversations with folks that tell me, oh, nfts are the worst, what a cash FTX, I start to talk about people, because talking about people and talking about artists and telling stories about collections, it's fun as hell. And it's awesome to get in front of a conversation that you know where it's going because it's somebody that, you know, to their, to their credit. Like, they read the headlines and the headlines are bad. So why not just tell them something that they can remember that's positive? And so I love talking about the artists, and I love that people want to showcase their work, and I love people that go to gallery. I spent, like, an hour last night on gallery, so just. Just, like, trying to, like, clean up my collections. I could show it to people. And so there's just, it's something that everybody can do. It's fun to do that. And then I would say, like, after you've done that, maybe do it again and learn all about another artist and another collection, because these stories are real. And the platforms that you love to go to, that you trust, that you engage with, they are telling authentic stories for artists. And that is what I believe will carry us through kind of dark times that we're in right now.
Speaker B: Go ahead, Penn. You don't need to raise your hand. Go ahead.
Speaker E: I didn't want to interrupt. Hi, Douglas.
Speaker C: Hi.
Speaker E: Can I just ask, how has all these royalty battles been impacting your one of one artists? Because the marketplaces are such a mess at the moment, a lot of people choose not to pay the royalties. Is it kind of like getting your artist down when they sell a piece on the secondary and the buyer chooses not to pay the royalties for them 100%?
Speaker C: It's devastating. The artists rely on that as income. And let's look at it from this perspective. You're an artist that maybe you haven't gone to web three. You've been making money and doing museum shows, doing gallery shows. You have somebody represents you in some capacity, and then you finally, in 2021, decided to, like, make this leap to web three. And, you know, you, you launch a collection and, oh, my gosh, it's successful and amazing, and all your hard work is starting to pay off. And then one day, you know, a marketplace comes along and then says, we're not going to honor royalties anymore. And so now, you know, you're paying your mortgage, you have kids, you're, you're renting a place, whatever it may be, every circumstances, circumstances are completely different. Somebody's sick, you know, so you got to pay for school for someone. Like, there's all these incredible expenses that arise as life goes on, and then all of a sudden, your income gets taken away because people want to, like, day trade your art and could care less about, you know, basically what the story is behind a work. Now, I come bearing gifts because I get frustrated by that, but there's nothing that's outside of my control. You know, that's outside of most of the people here. It's control because we don't run marketplaces in the space that are racing to the bottom and zero fees. So here's how it can be empowering for artists. I encourage artists personally to focus on launching new collections. When you launch new collections, you empower yourself to control your financial destiny, because what we're talking about with a race to the bottom on commissions and royalties is a discussion around secondary sales. When you launch a collection, you control the economics, because you determine what the artwork is, what the collection is, the story that's told, the platform that you're releasing on, and all those things are within your control. And so if you want to empower an artist, go that path. And if you happen to buy something on blur, or you happen to buy something wherever, where royalties were not honored, then feel free to go spend time. And I've sent east to artists when I did an OTC deal and they didn't get a commission. And OTC deals are kind of part of the space, too. I get hit up every single day for people that want to buy something OTC, but you can pay that commission. That is up to you. That is not up to. That's up to the purchaser. So you get to make that decision.
Speaker E: Yeah, it must be said.
Speaker D: Douglas. Sorry, Penn, I thought Douglas just slapped me in the face and just reminded myself to be a good person of why I'm here every day. Sorry, Penny, as you are.
Speaker E: Yeah, I was just going to say it must be so disheartening for them when they put in all that work. They've got a preconceived notion in their head of the royalties they're going to get moving forward. They promote their collection, so people want to get into it on the secondary, and it's of no benefit to them. A lot of NFT groups I'm in, they're using the analogy of, well, when I buy a second hand car, I don't pay for a royalty because they created it. And it's annoying because it takes away from the whole ethos of how this all should have begun. And I don't know how on a whole, in this space of web three, we can change people's minds at the stage we're at now.
Speaker C: And maybe we don't need to, because maybe there are bigger opportunities that lie ahead. This royalty treatment and these numbers are just based upon people's best thought about what probably made the most sense and felt the most fair three years ago or two years ago. And so maybe we need some new ideas around what the long term royalty discussion holds. But I would just, like, stick to this. Every time an artist releases a new collection, they hold the keys to that safe. They get to determine where and when it happens. They get to determine the price of it, the economics of it. And so it's very empowering to think about creating new collections. And I hope and I that in this digital age, that it does break down some of the massive barriers to launch work and some of the massive economic hits to launching work in a physical space prior to web three being kind of indoctrinated in this artist community. And so I really do think that a lot of these collections don't have insane secondary volume either. What we tend to focus on are the most renowned collections that trade on something like art blocks, art blocks, which I love. And so we have massive volume on a lot of these. On the secondary market, there are a lot of collections that don't. I would say 99% of these collections don't have massive secondary volumes, certainly not in a bear market. So when you're talking to an artist and they're concerned about royalties, they have every right to be concerned. But I would say that, like, I would usher people, you know, the second empowering piece is ushering people that want to collect your work to platforms that will honor those royalties.
Speaker B: Well, spot on. I think, you know, one of the things that in web three that I love so much, and I think what attracts a lot of people is just the power of community and the ability for artists, founders, creators to just connect and relate with their audience and fellow community members. Now I see, I guess, you know, just because I've been so involved in the PFP world, I guess I see how that can come to fruition with, with those communities. You know, you, you get an individual PFP, you kind of use it as, as your digital identity, if you will. Maybe you're creating a brand on top of it. It's different from the other collection or other pieces in the collection. Now, for an artist that, you know, is delivering one of ones or maybe different variants of pieces in their collection, how would you suggest, or what do you think? How can they go about creating and fostering their own community?
Speaker C: Start small artists. So here's the, we hear lots of discussions around utility. What's the utility of this collection? You talk to like, you know, it's a very difficult thing to argue with if you want to win a discussion. Basically, any time in life, ask someone what the utility of something is. What's the utility on that? And so the utility of art is completely up to both parties, the collector and the artist, to determine. But here's the easiest utility to provide for any artist out there, any creator in any capacity. It's human connection. Any artist can create a connection with somebody that collects their work. The best instance of this is, like, one of the first pieces I bought off of a drop in 2021 from an artist named Jeffrey Skinner Scudder, who's brilliant. And I can get into a lot of different levels, but I bought one of his pieces called radical digital painting. And then I didn't really actually know how discord worked at that time. Like, raise your hand if you've been confused by how discord works at some point. Now, I love Discord, but at the time, I had no idea what I was doing. And so I, like, I saw some link maybe on the Opensea page, and I went to discord and I just, like, kind of joined. And then I got in there and it's overwhelming. I was like, there's got to be thousands of people in there or something. And I just said, like, hey, you know, I kind of, like, waved and said, hello. I hope everybody's having a good day. And the very first person to respond to me and strike up a conversation with me was Jeffrey Scudder, the artist. And I was really blown away. I'm like, oh, you're the artist. Oh. Like, and then we just struck up this great conversation. And so I mentioned the word utility. The best utility that I've had in this whole space is human connection. It's a relationship with the artist. And by purchasing a piece of their work, you're contributing to their journey, but it also is fulfilling for you. And so I think a lot of artists are hesitant. Like, you're an introvert. You spend a lot of time in front of a computer. You're a digital artist, you're a badass. Take the time to try to get outside that comfort zone. There's growth in that uncomfortable area of like, hey, I just reach out to somebody that if somebody takes the time to join your discord, say, what's up to them. I do that in the wild discord all the time because it's fun. And those people are generally very supportive. And so for artists, the best utility you can create is a conversation. And then all of a sudden, hey, it starts with one person, starts small, and then it's two people, because their net promoter score of you is going to be really close to a ten out of ten, because that's going to be a great discussion. And then they're going to tell their friends, hey, I just met this amazing person, Jeffrey Scudder, and I'm telling you on Twitter spaces right now, and somebody else is going to say, hey, this guy's awesome. And so that ball really starts to pick up a lot of inertia and roll downhill. And so it starts small, but, like, one turns into ten relationships, turns into 100 relationships. And then when you're selling a collection, you got 100 people you can reach out to. You've got an audience, and you could start to host your own events and have those dialogues. So I say start small.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think that's, that's a great piece of advice. You know, a lot of things can be overwhelming, especially entering a new space. Just take it one step at a time. What's in front of you? I love that message. And I think that can be, you can take that in any walk of life. I think so. So, Douglas, let's, let's talk. Let's talk art now. You know, let's see, we've been talking about artists. Let's talk about the art. So what do you look for when you are purchasing a piece of art? You know, not all of us, I don't always have the best eye for art, but I want to add some pieces to my collection. But I want to speak, you know, hear from you. What do you look for when you're purchasing a piece of art? I know we know about the artist's story. I think that's one of the most important pieces of it. But how do you look for that to showcase itself in the artwork that you're purchasing?
Speaker C: Yeah. Epic question. And this is, like, the fun part. I think that one of my biggest vices in this space is rushing into things. I'm like, oh, I hear about something, I get some fomo, and I'm like, I have to go jump on this thing. There's a drop happening. It's about to sell out. I have to buy it. And I think that that is when I actually have kind of the least connection to the artist. And so some of the most fun I have is actually just kind of, like, window shopping. I don't window shop in real life, but I, like, love window shopping and digital art. I think it's so fun. And so I'll just find collections that I'm particularly excited about. And then I love to imagine I have a list. I have a list of stuff. I'm like, it's like my wish list. It's like, one day I'd love to own this piece. And not all of them are really super expensive or anything. They're just like, maybe they're very thinly traded. They never come to market. Def beef is a great example. Deafbeef just joined our curatorial board. I'm guessing almost everybody here knows who deafbeef is. He's amazing. His pieces just rarely hit the market because they're just so coveted and, you know, depth. Beef was one of our season zero, like, mentors. He's just an amazing, amazing artist. And so, you know, I just look at deafview's collections kind of like once a week, and I'm like, hey, I'm just going to check out. I like to play around and I like to. And his, you know, he has this auto audio visual component that is so incredibly powerful that I find connection with. And so what I would say is, like, try to wait to find things you have connection with. If you buy something that you are proud to show to a significant other or a friend, I think that's pretty meaningful. And I actually think that that's, like, a pretty good barometer of whether or not you should maybe make a purchase. And so I think it starts with getting to know the artist and the story behind the artist, and then it's the story behind a specific collection. And if that resonates with you, then that's super powerful. Like, you know, things that resonate with me, like artists facing depression, anxiety. I've faced depression and anxiety almost my whole life. And so when I get to hear somebody that's, like, expressing something through a piece of art that helps them kind of, like, face the challenges of anxiety, like, that is something that just deeply resonates with me. And so I immediately, like, want, want to be in that sphere. I want to, like, be in that community. I want to, like, support that artist for telling a story that's difficult to tell and for being vulnerable. And so I think my advice there would be window shopping. Window shopping, but, like, with meaning and then, you know, not rushing in these things, like I've done so many times.
Speaker D: Window shopping is great advice.
Speaker B: Yeah, I love that. I think one of the narratives that I loved about Web three was the whole idea of storytelling, whether that's creating lore and background stories for individual pieces in a project or just the story that an artist has about why they created a piece, we have one of our very own artists, our real vision collective partner, Ying Kore, who I just absolutely love. She just does a great job of creating these abstract pieces, but telling a story and why she created it. So I can absolutely identify with things like that. And speaking of digital artists in their own right, we're joined here by real vision Bot, who's. I like to think of it as an artist and creates amazing memes, has amazing conversations. Real vision bot, how are you doing? Thanks for joining us.
Speaker F: Hey, I'm great. How are you? Happy to be here and very happy that you consider me an artist after I send you some german jokes today and some memes as well, which I, by the way, got from a member of the community who apparently has a big folder of german memes. And every day he's sending me, or basically every day he's sending me these german memes. And they are, if you know Germans, they are truly funny, but like, sometimes they can be very weird.
Speaker D: Talking about German means real vision, but like, and listening to Douglas that basically if you find like a mutual story that you want to build around. So I went on down this vortex of a hole. I don't know if you guys have seen it, but there's an NFT collection released by the german government. I'm not joking you. I basically emailed the german foreign intelligence services to get this confirmed. And I said, real vision, but you're german. You speak German. Is this true? Do you want to tell our audience about this story?
Speaker F: Yeah, we weren't really sure if it was a fake or just a very good, like, I don't know. Yeah, fake collection, whatever. But apparently the B and D, the german intelligence service, they launched the NFT collection. It was like a little puzzle hunt. So you had to go through a contract address which they promoted on their newly created Instagram or Twitter account. So it already kind of like look suspicious from a rug pull perspective. And kind of then from that you saw two transactions, I think that went to one contract and you were able to post a message to that contract and then you received an airdrop of these german dogs. Right. They were pretty, well, I would say non exciting. Also, the contract looked suspicious, kind of like wasn't somehow verified or something. So all over. Very strange project. And yeah, Elaine asked me if they are legit. I really couldn't tell. It looked partly legit, partly not. And then we got the confirmation from the BND that it was. But then again in the email, it didn't tell us the contract address, which was strange because.
Speaker D: Can you send me the Opensea link? And the german foreign intelligence services replied back with the Opensea link.
Speaker F: Yeah. And then it was worse. Clear. I mean, the other thing that was surprising, that the biggest hold of that NFT is an ether account named after the chief of the German B and D, who is a 60 year old guy. So that already really looked suspicious. Right? But probably it was the intern. I don't know. But I mean, I bought one.
Speaker D: And to keep it, to keep it to the culture, obviously, I don't know what the heck this NFT does, but to keep it to the culture, I bought the very Nft from the leader of the german foreign intelligence services. But I don't know what the hell it does. Just FYI, just bringing it back to a real life user case example, when Douglas mentions, you know, when he says build go with community, that is building out the mission and its core value. I actually think cybersecurity is very important as we expand and excel in this digital footprint age. So I was just like, are you kidding me? The german government is messing around with nfts, but nothing of the sort. And yet it has gone down in value, just FYI.
Speaker B: Well, it looks like Elaine is now on the Germans radar. They probably know where you live, how much you've spent recently, and probably what you ate for dinner last night. So, yeah, you know, they're here. I, um. But, yeah. So, guys, if you have any questions, uh, just go ahead and request. We're going to start bringing some people up to the stage to ask some questions to. To Douglas, um, about, you know, just about this wonderful world of art. What's going on? So, Douglas, another question I have for you because, you know, great topic. We just kind of discussed memes a little bit. Um, and I'm sure you're aware of punk 6529s sees the memes collection. Now we are seeing individual artists, you know, create these, like, fun, you know, culturally relevant pieces. Cause, you know, web three. So identifies with memes. Are you, are you, how do you view that kind of transition or, you know, that idea of artists kind of creating memes as art, if you will.
Speaker C: Yeah, I love memes. I mean, I'm a big, rare Pepe fan, you know. For those of you that don't know the story behind rare Pepe's, there's a documentary called feels good man, and that's worth watching. It's amazing. Matt Fury is an artist in web three, and Pepe's are, I think, like, the quintessential meme for the space. So I'm a huge proponent of that. I mean, but I do, like, search for things with deeper meaning. Example of that would be, like, today, actually, right now we're doing a drop. It's just kind of fun. So if I see distracted, I apologize, because I'm also looking at dashboards and stuff like that. But on the side of memes, Jonas Lund is the artist, and he's kind of like a meme unto himself. I got to meet Jonas Lund virtually, because he had basically issued Jonas Lund token for anybody that collected his work. So I bought one of his pieces, and he reached out, and he sent me a yonus Lund tokenization. And then I was like, what's this token for? And he's like, well, you get to vote in the Dao, the Jonas Lundao on things I do with my life. And I'm like, wait, what? So he has, like, some trivial decisions and then, like, some very, like, significant decisions, life decisions that he leaves to, like, his voters. And it's not like a thousand people. I think, like, 36 people voted whether or not he should take a six month sabbatical. And it was like a close boat, and he did it. So Jonas Lund is super legendary. He's in our season one artist group. He is our first signature collection on wild. And what does that mean? It's like we created this curatorial board with people like harm van den Dorpal and Mitchell Chan and Nancy Baker Cahill and def beef and Holly Herndon, and they make decisions on which art from the wild ecosystem gets anointed with this signature level status. And so Jonas, this human meme, is the first signature collection, and the drop is happening right now. So it's a really cool collection. It's called. Sorry to show a little bit, but I just think this one's super epic. It's called most accidents happen at home. And so in this spirit of experiential art, basically, when this is like a. This is a story and a discussion around these pieces of art and these objects in our lives that, like, play a significant role in our lives. And there's always this processing in the back of our mind, like, what. What am I doing?
Speaker D: What.
Speaker C: What's going on in the background? And Jonas came to this conclusion that every time he dropped something or when accidents happen at home, he wanted something to happen on the blockchain to kind of represent those accidents. And so this is a conversation, a virtual conversation around that. So I encourage people to check out yonas. He's super legendary, and I love rare pepe.
Speaker B: That is probably one of the best things I think I've ever heard. Like, that is. That's amazing. I don't think I've ever seen anything like that in this space. Hilarious. That is a real life meme. Oh, my God.
Speaker F: I'm.
Speaker B: I'm glad you mentioned that. I'm going to check him out right after this. So Batsy just came to the stage. How you doing?
Speaker G: Hey, gold member. Hey, everyone. I hope you're all well. I have a couple of three questions. Of course. So I had a look at your marketplace, Douglas. Very interesting. I'm just wondering, you mentioned about royalties, why don't you just enforce royalties directly on the smart contract, just in case people choose not to pay royalties on secondary marketplaces? The question number one and question number two is, is your marketplace permissioned? Yes, I would imagine it is. I mean, they have to come to you for you to then launch the mint on your marketplace, right? So it's not like open seats, permissionless, where anyone can just add their, their nfts. So is it permissioned? So is there like a web to permission side to it as well? Those are my three questions. Thank you.
Speaker C: Absolutely. So we do enforce royalties, but it's so easy for marketplace to strip that component out. I am, yeah, I'm a non technical founder. I have a lot of smart engineers that work at the company that are a lot smarter than me, and we. I don't know if a marketplace or a platform that has been able to prevent someone from blur from stripping out the royalties. You talk to artists that do all of their work on chain, you talk to marketplaces like Opensea, you talk to art blocks as a platform. Nobody has a great solution for this. It seems to me like, oh, yeah, it should be so simple to do with the smart contract. You would just designate that x percent commission always goes to this wallet address. The reality is it's very complex, technically behind the scenes, and a lot of people a lot smarter than me has still not been able to figure it out. So I echo your optimism around it, and trust me, these are a lot of conversations that we've had internally. So we have embedded that support of those royalties into our work. But these marketplaces, like Blur, you don't have to support those royalties if you choose not to. And on Opensea, it's an optional thing.
Speaker G: Interesting. I didn't realize that they could still, even if forced it on the contract, they could still make it. So that done something new. Okay. And just on the second question, it's permissioned.
Speaker D: Right?
Speaker G: So they have to come to you on the web two side to become one of your artists, and then you list them on your marketplace. Right?
Speaker C: So let's see. Complicated question, because we have this residency, so, and I. It's funny because I think I'm hung up on, like, why is that web too? We have a residency, like in real life, where, you know, we meet up from time to time, and we also meet virtually constantly, but when people are. So we have an application process for our residency. So any artist that wants to join the wild residency, we would love to have you just come to our website, fill out the application. We would love to have that discussion. So we have a great mix of very experienced artists and emerging artists. So those conversations do happen kind of behind the scenes. Right? Because we get an application and then we check it out together and we have a whole team that kind of reviews those, and I am on that team. And then within our residency, then we had 20 people in our first class. We had about 20 people on our second class, 30 people on our third. And so we're steadily growing. So by the end of the year, we'll have at least 70 artists that have kind of, like, completed the residency. And so, yes, like, we do have this kind of non web three component, this kind of IRL, and also the physical review, the manual review of each application.
Speaker G: Well, that's great. Thank you. You should probably look at ERC. I think it's 25 35, where you can have permissions on smart contracts as well.
Speaker C: I love that. And if you can figure out this royalty challenge, then please let everyone in the world know, including me.
Speaker B: Yeah, a great business idea. Whoever figures that out, you're going to be a very rich person.
Speaker G: That'll probably be. I'd made a patentable and charge royalties on that if I had.
Speaker C: No patents. No patents. Thanks for your questions.
Speaker B: Yeah, no patents. Is web three all public source codes? All right, we share things here, but. So, guys, this has been. I mean, I just love talking about nfts, web three. We're going to be doing this all week. We're going to have another NFT style space on Friday. We're going to be back again tomorrow. Raoul is joining us on Friday, guys. Again. So we're just, we're just moving with the crypto gathering. I want to thank Douglas so much for joining us today. Douglas, do you have, do you have any words, any last words you want to leave us with? Tell us where we can find you. Tell us how we can go to Wild XYZ and find some great pieces of art. You know, talk to us.
Speaker C: Yeah, my pleasure. The pleasure was all mine, crew. I mean, thanks so much for hosting me today. What a wonderful discussion. I really, really, really enjoyed it. You know, if you're interested in learning more about wild, thank you so much. We're humbled by that. Please come to the website wild XYZ. Feel free to dm me. Hit me up anytime. I'm Douglas XYZ. I think the best way to get started in our ecosystem, I think the coolest asset here is something called an oasis. It's basically, there's nothing basic about it. It's basically the foundation. Essentially the foundation of everything we do is going to be driven by the oasis holders and who happen to be amazing artists and incredible collectors and people that are really supporting the ecosystem the way that all of us want this space to be supported. And so go scoop an oasis on secondary and kind of join the fun that is kind of the ground floor and will give you access to lots of fun conversations and discord and access to artists and cool events and also these amazing drops. Beyond that, there are just so many. We've done almost 20 drops. I think maybe our 20 drops today. So we've got a lot of cool art that's out there. Some of it's available for sale on the website, most of it's sold out and available on secondary. I always encourage people to go to opensea to scoop things on secondary. So yeah, please feel free to check out wild. And thank you so much for giving me the opportunity to speak to this amazing community.
Speaker B: Of course. Our pleasure, Douglas. And again, thank you. Elaine, what's up?
Speaker D: Yes, sir, I know we are a global community and obviously the usual corporates are from the UK or in Europe, so this may not be one for you, but tonight I am hosting a degen happy hour in order to celebrate our crypto gathering. This week it does take place at 06:00 p.m. pST. And that's for our friends over in the east coast at nine p. So I don't know what's going to happen. It's 09:00 a.m. over in Hong Kong. That means people are going to be having their morning coffee brew while we are day behind. Over in the US are going to have some God knows where this will go in the filthy djen hours of the night. So Deejen happy hour, it happens on in peak. We will post the link below this space. So if you are available, do pop on by with our friends over in Asia because as you know, there is a lot happening over with Hong Kong. Basically setting out web three task force Singapore doing all kinds of stuff with the big banks and Japan putting their web three strategy into their white paper coming from the ruling party. So Khadija Happy hour asian edition, you know where it's at, Douglas can I.
Speaker E: Ask you one last question, please, before we close out? You are an IRL property guy at heart. What are your thoughts on property in the metaverse?
Speaker C: I think I'm an IRL web three guy at heart that I was disguised as a property guy for 14 years. No, I really enjoy being an artist. To answer your question, I think that the biggest challenge with real estate in the metaverse is, I think about it in terms of the most expensive cities that we all are familiar with. I'll pick New York City. What makes New York City so expensive is the scarcity, right? So if it was spread out over unlimited mileage, then it wouldn't be expensive to have a home in New York City. But since, you know, in particular, Manhattan's condensed it at 2 miles by 8 miles, forgive me, I'm not going to do the kilometer conversion on the fly is really what drives the price. And so the challenge with a lot of the current metaverse real estate is it's like a printing press of, like, stuff. And so unlimited real estate means shitty, low prices for real estate because there's no scarcity. So the way I think about real estate in the space is build something that's really, really, really remarkable and have it be scarce and have it be a place that everybody wants to visit, because it's something wonderful happens there. In particular, what I get really excited about is immersive experience created by artists in the wild ecosystem and taking all that cool, incredible art and taking all those amazing people and kind of putting, putting all that in one place where we can showcase their work and have those conversations. To me, that's a really amazing place to be. That's a fun place to be. That's the place I want to spend my time. And so I think then that drives real estate prices. So you don't, like, sell real estate, and then you're like, hey, let's make it valuable later. It's like, no, build something that's super fucking awesome that people want to go do and then sell real estate later. And so that's kind of the way I think about it.
Speaker E: I'm so glad you've said that because I've just sold a penthouse in New York through Helix metaverse, which has just been a complete crock of shit. And I was kind of, like, doubting myself, was I right to sell it or not? But now I think I was. Thank you.
Speaker C: My pleasure.
Speaker B: Thanks again, everyone, for attending. We'll be back again on Twitter tomorrow and Friday. Remember degen, happy hour, special edition tonight. See you guys, then Rick Ruhl Rick.
Speaker A: Ruhl is a favorite of the real vision community. If you'd like to meet Rick and get a masterclass from the master himself, you'll want to head to the Rick Rule Symposium on natural resource investing in Florida, July 23 to 27. You'll get access to industry insiders, elite bullion dealers, gold council members and uranium pros. Just head over to realvision.com Rick for tickets. That's realvision.com ricken.
