Speaker A: Whoa. Landing an account this big will totally change my landscaping business. It's gonna mean hiring more guys and more equipment and new trucks for the new guys to drive the new equipment in. I don't know if I'm ready.
Speaker B: You can do this. And Ford Pro finsimple can help. Our experts are ready to make growing pains less painful for your business with flexible financing solutions that meet the needs of your business today when you need them. Get started@fordpro.com. financing hey, everybody. Today's real vision program is sponsored by Engrave, maker of the coldest hardware wallet zero and stainless steel backup graphene. Engrave brings you the highest security in a touchscreen experience. To safely manage all of your crypto offline, enjoy a 10% real vision discount in Engrave IO shop with the code real vision. Enjoy the program.
Speaker C: Hi, everyone.
Speaker A: I'm Raoul Pell, and welcome to my show, the journeyman. My job in the journeyman is to take you on my journey of understanding at the nexus of macro crypto in the exponential age of technology. Now this week I'm stuck with a miserable cold in a hotel room in Atlanta. I'm just hosting a family office roundtable, and I was yesterday over at Beeple Studio with a bunch of the world's best NFT artists having really, really fascinating conversations. But I've not been able to record normally. But I wanted to bring something to you that I think is the single most important interview of all time. Or certainly for crypto. But before we start just to frame things, crypto, I think is the biggest macro opportunity of all time. I've spent the best part of ten years educating people that this is part of a whole macro asset class. It acts like other macro asset classes, but with far superior risk adjusted returns. The upsides have been astronomical since we first started talking about bitcoin on real vision. It's up 350,000%. These things are ludicrous in terms of the returns. I've been passionate in trying to educate people about how important this can be for everybody to get their foot into the financial system, to get a rung up, to get out of the trap of central bank debasement of currencies, to get out of the trap of how high housing prices are, how incomes haven't caught up, out of the retirement trap, all of these things. And crypto has been the superior bet all the way through. And it's been my journey for ten years to try and educate you all in what I first saw in this back in 2012 and 2013. And ive taken I think millions of you with me on that journey. Now as part of that as we know its a very volatile asset class and it requires a certain skill set, a certain cool head and a certain time horizon. And thats why ive been using this tagline, don't fuck this up and don't fuck this up is really all about buying and holding. It's really as simple as that. It's about making sure you don't get over excited trying to overextend yourself using leverage, fomoing into what the next big thing is, or doing stupid dumb shit with your tokens and your wallets and exposing them to theft or fraud or exchanges that break. Just doing those things of just making sure that you stay in the trade, that is the key thing. Think of that 350,000% return since our first video on real vision in 2014 and your job was just not to.
Speaker D: Let go of your tokens.
Speaker A: Now some of you may take profits at the peak of cycles, or on the way up you may add into the dips, and that's all well and good, but the tenets of doing fuck this up is really important. Now to kind of coincide with that, we're releasing an NFT which is free. It's on Solana. It's a free NFT for those of you who want to try what NFTs are about. And really it's a don't fuck this up video from me. Just a very short clip to keep in your wallet that every time you go in there to do something stupid that you shouldn't be doing, there's me in there saying hey, you don't fuck this up. So all you have to do to get that, you go to realvision.com freemint. And to qualify for minting the NFT, which again is free, you just have to sign up to the real vision platform which is free in itself, so it's all easy to do. So you'll get a free subscription to real vision which gives you access to our amazing platform with education content, transcripts, the ability to network with other members around the world, the AI, to help explain things, all sorts of amazing things, pricing, charting, all the stuff you need all in one place. So realvision.com freement mint your don't fuck this up NFT and I can be there keeping a watchful eye over you and you'll get access to the platform which is free. We want to bring as many people on this ride as possible. Again, it's a passion of mine, so please take advantage of it. Also for those of you who really like this tagline, people came up to me on Twitter said, please, please, please, can we have some merch? So we will have merch in the real vision store. So if you check on my Twitter feed and in the links below, you'll see the real vision store with the merch there. And you can enjoy that as well. So it's a lot of fun. They're actually cool, cool pieces of garments and stuff, you know, hoodies, hats, all of the stuff. So. And it's just really there to help you remember how to get this right, because this is the biggest macro opportunity of all time, and it has been ever since 2014, and it remains that way to this day. Now, the video that I alluded to earlier, I thought was important to release today or re release, many of you have seen it already, but now that bitcoin ETF is out, our job is to bring other people into the system, get them to understand the opportunity. And often there's a bit of reticence, there's a lack of understanding. People don't feel stupid. They see narratives they see in newspapers, or they just haven't had the time to really get to grips with what this is. And this next video, I think, is the single best video ever to do that. This is the video that I want you to share with everybody. I want you to make sure that everybody, you know, your parents, your kids, your uncle, your aunt, your friends, anybody sees it and just spends the time, the 1 hour to change their lives. It's my interview from 2019 with my good friend Dan Tampiero. Now, I know Dan was recently on the platform, but this is such a foundational piece of education. It's the best single framing of what this is all about that, I think is going to help people just around the time the ETF is launched. And that ETF is the gateway to bring people into this new world of opportunity and out of an old, broken system. This is a really big part of that journey that I've been on, trying to get people. Now, that's not. Doesn't make people bitcoin holders and all of the other things that we do in web three world. But it's the start. It's the start of getting them out of the old system and having a foot in the new system. It's the chance to have a new chance. Okay? So remember, please share this with people. It's really important. I think it can change lives, and that's what we're in the business of doing. All right, so enjoy my amazing conversation that stands the test of time with Dan Tapiero. Join me, Raoul Pal, as I go on a journey of discovery through the macro, crypto and exponential age landscapes in the journeyman. I talk to the smartest people in the world so we can all become smarter together.
Speaker D: Dan, finally, we get you back. Your previous videos were kind of cult watching for a lot of people because you're one of the pure macro guys. And I was doing this whole thought process about recession and bits and pieces, and I've been thinking that bitcoin was part of what I'm looking at within that framework, and you and I separately have been talking about it, and you'd been kind of hounding me from about February onwards to say con round. You've got to get back into this before we get into your thought process and how you've kind of applied your own macro framework into building your bitcoin thesis. People should, because many people won't have seen you from the earlier interviews. Just to go back over some of your background. And the reason that I like to pick your brains and stuff is you have a background almost unparalleled from anybody I know. I mean, you've worked with the greats of the industry, whether it was Julian Robertson at Tiger, whether it was Stan Druckenmiller, whether it was Steinhardt, whether it was Jacob Rothschild, whether it was Stevie Cohen. I mean, the list is kind of endless. And you get all their perspectives from working and seeing how they all trade. You also did. You're also a bit of an entrepreneur. I mean, you started a gold business, which was a crazy idea when you did, when you started it, but now it's a really interesting gold bullion. International GBI is really interesting business. You even started, I think, the largest farming real estate business in the world was Stan Druckermiller, and managed to punt it onto the canadian pension system. I think it's now resold to Bill Gates. I think it is. Your perspective is just kind of extraordinary. And I know, and that's why I trust you. You're a macro guy through and through. You live and breathe this stuff. And when you start hounding me by email every day, almost every hour, bitcoin.
Speaker A: Bitcoin.
Speaker D: Okay, what the fuck's going on?
Speaker C: Yeah, thanks for that. Thanks for that intro. Yeah. I know we haven't, over the years, talked that much about bitcoin.
Speaker A: No.
Speaker C: You're one of the guys who, back in 1314, I think, put it on the map, at least for the macro community. I mean, you were very bullish very early. And I was also involved early through GBI, we had in 2014, integrated with the uphold platform, which allowed clients to buy and sell ripple and bitcoin to buy and sell physical gold as well as other metals. And so that was a whole year long integration. And going through that process, I realized, wow, this is something. It could be big or the company is going to make revenues. And unfortunately, what happened was that it started well, but it never really became a big revenue driver. I can't say why exactly. But the physical gold company then also moved into other areas, I guess, within crypto. And even today, I think we just launched. I think it's the only. There are only two places where one can buy bitcoin in one's irae. And we partnered with equity trust. And now through equity trust, you have the ability to buy actually more than just bitcoin, but some of the other crypto as well. So it's been part of our DNA a little bit GBI. And so through that and through, of course, your writing and also the guys, there are other macro guys of my vintage who moved to.
Speaker D: You introduced me to Dan.
Speaker C: I know.
Speaker D: Moorhead.
Speaker C: Right. Dan Moorhead. You know, there's Nova Gratz and John Burbank. And so sort of the smartest guys, the best guys my age all moved into crypto. And so there's something going on. And, you know, I did my reading, I did my work, but I never really quite committed to the concept. And I think that that. So I was dancing around it, but I never did the deep dive. That would give me the confidence. And then in 17, of course, you see it running, but at 2000 or 3000, you decided to sell your position. So I'm thinking there's no way I can buy here.
Speaker D: Cause you were at that roundtable when we started getting feedback from the guys who were very early adopters.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah.
Speaker D: From Chad, from Emil. Sorry.
Speaker C: Yes, that's right.
Speaker D: He's like, we need to be a little bit cautious here.
Speaker C: Rocketed, right? So I missed it, and that's fair. But earlier in the year, January, March, as you had said, bitcoin was down 85% from the high. And as an old time macro guy, you're looking to buy things that have gone down 85, 90% after a blow off. And it's binary, then either it's a bankruptcy or a fraud, or that's the bottom. And so I said, okay, let's, you know, here's a chance. I don't think it's a fraud. I'm gonna buy some. And so that started a process of deep digging and research, and I, and I probably in that period, and that was when I was shooting you because I needed some confirmation.
Speaker D: I can't focus on this. I'm looking at the recession, right.
Speaker C: And I understood that, and I'm sort of with you on that. But that started a process. I probably spent four to 500 hours reading, listening to podcasts. There's some really excellent work out there now available. That wasn't five years ago in terms of explaining what is bitcoin? What is this phenomenon? What is it? And what I've come to see is that almost every person has a slightly different definition for what bitcoin is. And I think that that's contributed to making it very difficult to adopt easily. And so, what do I mean by that? So I thought, okay, let's get down to the very essence of this. Yes, I understand digital payments store value. I'm reading all this stuff. But what bitcoin really is, is that white paper, and you go back and you read this thing, and I don't understand even half of it. But what you realize is that this is a great invention. It's not a coin, it's a system, right? It's not, you know, a blockchain. And it's an integral, you know, and maybe it's an invention akin to, you know, the motor engine or the invention of electricity. It's something, you know, potentially a new organizing principle for humanity. And I, part of the problem was that people, when they start really digging to bitcoin, they end up saying these kinds of things which, you know, really puts everyone off, because you're thinking, well, this is a madman at changing the world, all of this stuff. But so as a macro guy, I come at it, macro investor. I'm thinking, well, what's the value of it? What's it worth? The difficulty I always had was trying to put a value on it. I need to know what I think it's worth today and what I think it'll be worth in three, four, five years and have a proper framework. And I found that very difficult in 14. Even listening to some of our contemporaries talk about it, I just didn't. I didn't quite get it. It's because bitcoin is a lot of things. So what it is, is it's an invention. And I think it should be referred to as an invention rather than all the other things.
Speaker A: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back. As you know, crypto's on the bull run. We're transitioning from crypto spring to crypto summer. It's when things get exciting, but it's when everybody loses their minds. And your one job in a gift of a bull market is not to fuck this up.
Speaker D: So one of the key ways of not doing that is to educate yourself.
Speaker A: And we passionately believe in education at real vision.
Speaker D: And one of the things we're doing.
Speaker A: For you, which is absolutely free, is we've got real Vision's crypto academy live, which is two days of programming to help you not fuck it up. And I think you're going to find it really valuable. And again, it's free. If you're interested in joining us and leveling up your knowledge, ready for the crypto bull market so you don't fuck it up, then join us. Realvision.com, get ready. It's as simple as that. It's free. You get everything that you want. If you are a real vision member, you get this already, so you don't need to do anything. Also, if you are a crypto academy member, it's also included in your package, so you don't need to worry about that. Anyway, realvision.com, get ready and don't fuck this up.
Speaker C: It's a, you know, what it really is is it's a truth machine. It's a way, in a way to eradicate all fraud or lying by human beings. I mean, the whole bigger concept of certainty, of confirmation, of validity, of security, that's what you're buying. A system that now is ten years old, has a tremendous track record. And I'm thinking, well, what's that worth? What is a security platform like that with that track record? What is that? What's the value of that? And I think back in the early days, it was very hard to get a sense. You have something that has a $3 billion market cap. Who cares? From my perspective, it would have been great to have bought it at dollar ten or dollar 50, but I think that really was the realm of the VC. I never would have had that kind of vision. You know, the Tim Draper early vision. It was just, I remember going down to Barry's office, Silbert in 20 1314, and he says, oh, Dan, you know, we have this product and we're trading, you know, like $2 million a day. And I thought, you know, $2 million a day, I mean, that's not, you know, that's not anything. It's not a store of value. It's not anything. So that's just from my perspective. And again, you know, just given where I was coming from, would have been hard to really grasp, you know, to be all in, you know, white paper. It just always completely different, a new language. And also you had the fraud component and Mount Gox and all of this, and really in the first five years. So that kept away, I would say traditional macro people, but also just people in general, I think that kept people away from it and said, oh, you know, I don't have to bother with. But for me, it was, I don't really understand how to value it. So here I am. I'm going back in the beginning part of this year, and I'm thinking, okay, it's gone down 85, 90%. I know it's real. How do I value it? What's the. What are, you know, so what's this security truth machine worth? Right? So security truth machine, that's what it is. I think it's a security truth machine. And the bitcoin really is just the reward that the miners get for guaranteeing the security of the framework of the network. That's what it is. Now, if you think about what would it cost for a company to build that if that belonged to one person? It's hundreds of billions of dollars. Think about all the man hours. Think about all the people who volunteered their time. What is that worth all that time?
Speaker D: That's a really interesting thing, because you and I know the amount, the sheer amount of intellectual capital, programming capital, the amount of people working on this space is unbelievable. I've never seen anything like it.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, I think it's. And I'm really just sticking to bitcoin for a moment.
Speaker D: Even within bitcoin, the amount of development and intellectual capital that's involved is huge.
Speaker C: Yeah. Over these years, like, what would it cost to build that? It's truly a massive endeavor, something that can touch every single human being on the planet. All they need is a phone. I mean, it's kind of an incredible, you know, could a company even develop that? You know, maybe. And maybe Satoshi realized it can only be developed slowly over time in a decentralized way, because the current, you know, the structure of the way a corporation works could never work fast enough. This thing is going 24/7 not just the trading of it, but the maintaining of the system and all the mining that's going on. It's constant. Part of the problem, I think, in the early days is that it's hard to really believe as an investor that someone invented something unique and gave it to the world for free. And so it was valued at zero in the beginning. If it had been within a normal company structure, it would have grown to some degree, and you would have had an IPO, and maybe it would have been worth more than weWork, which is 50 billion or. I don't even know how you compare it, but I'm just saying that I think it took a while to adopt because it didn't make sense that if you had done this early digging and you had realized the nature of the invention early, you know, to think that this could be worth, you know, trillions of dollars, you know, was just. It was. It was too far, I think, too far a stretch. Not for the VC people, maybe not for the private equity people, not for the technologists, I think, who got in earlier, and then maybe not for the smart macro guys who we've mentioned who are actually also in. You can get to numbers very reasonably that are, you know, the Winklevoss number is a million on bitcoin, and Draper is 250,000. Within five to eight years, you can start to see it because you say, okay, well, Amazon, that's worth a trillion dollars. It sells stuff on the Internet. But is that as valuable as a new invention for humanity? And that is applicable to almost everything we do.
Speaker D: But most people don't see that. Can you talk a bit about that?
Speaker C: Right. So I think the.
Speaker D: They just think most people are still stuck with, well, somebody's created something that they claim has value. And there's a lot of the naysayers would say that. But you're saying something so huge. Explain a bit about the hugeness.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think, and this is part of the problem, and the hurdle for bitcoin is that I. It takes so much work and so much digging. I mean, of every piece I've read, I probably only understand, you know, in the beginning, 30% and 50%, and then, you know, maybe 70%. I still can't understand the details of the white paper. However, I've spoken with people, in one case a founder of PayPal, another case a genius cryptographer, and they all say that. That it's genius, that it. And so what's behind the genius? He solved the byzantine general's problem, and so that problem had not been solved ever. People have been trying to solve problems.
Speaker D: Explain that problem.
Speaker C: So that's the problem of trust. Not having a central authority verify a communication between you and I. So having a third party that we both trust verify our interaction. So it was very difficult to figure out a mechanism to build a solution to that problem with a real world application. And so what's something worth, again, the macro guy, what's something worth that solves a problem that they haven't been able to solve for hundreds of years? And the reason is, is that it's a. It's so, so multidisciplinary. It's financial. It involves cryptography and computer science and sociology and psychology and economics. And to be honest, I don't think bitcoin would have been invented without zero eight, because in zero eight, the trust was lost. The banks basically failed, and they were saved, and there were people who were saved that shouldn't have been saved. Now, my response to that crisis was, okay, unfortunately, backward looking. Being a historian myself, I'm going to create a gold company, physical gold company, where, you know, that. That stores gold outside the banking system that is fully allocated, where you have your name on it. And, you know, in a way, that was my.
Speaker D: Like your macro bet, right?
Speaker C: That was my. Right. That was my solution to a broken system. Right. I need a way, I want to have some allocation to that because I'm concerned about that. I mean, I. Not in the realm of the technical genius to solve a math problem that hasn't been solved for hundreds of years, to turn that into a functioning system with incentives. I mean, I. That's part of this.
Speaker D: It's like behavioral economics is all rolled into this.
Speaker C: That's right. So how do you get someone to maintain the integrity of the system? How do you get millions of people and millions of bits of energy? I mean, using all of this energy, how do you convince someone or a decentralized group to say, hey, we're all going to work towards the security of this new platform. How do you come up with that? Well, there's real math behind that. And so this is a mathematical solution to the trust problem created by zero eight. So again, GBI, my company, I figured in Awk zero eight. I had the idea, and we launched in March, zero nine. The white paper came out in March, zero nine. And then had a very, you know, unfortunately, it was way over my head. But of course, that was the right macro response to the crisis, which also makes me think that Satoshi had a very advanced sense of the macro, because it was only our crowd that talked a lot about fiat. You know, fiat currency and gold, and, you know, debasing of the currencies through quantitative easing and negative interest rates. Well, of course. So we all thought, oh, yeah, gold, right. But for someone to have understood sort of that deep macro problem, as well as all of the computer science and cryptographic aspects. I mean, that does not exist in any person who I knew. I mean, so now all of a sudden you heard every Tom, Dick and Harry on bitcoin, on Twitter, bitcoin talking about fiat this, and I don't want my fiat that. And, you know, it's ten years later, but it used to really just belong in the realm of the macro. So it's really a phenomenal person or a group of people who brought all of these pieces together. And so bitcoin people are like, well, okay, Dan, that's obvious. We knew that ten years ago. You're not saying anything new to us. And like, yes, I know, but for the macro community and for investors at large, institutional investors as well, and they're way behind, they need a language to understand what bitcoin is. They need, you know, it's so confusing when you listen to these different people. Often it just, there's a lot of hype. Even like Antonopoulos, who's written his two books. I read the last one recently. It's a brilliant book, but you have to really go through it. You have to pull things out of it. You have to constantly be upgrading your knowledge because it's also evolving and there's constant innovation. But as I said, every person describes it differently.
Speaker D: It's because it's an entire system. It's an entire architecture, infrastructure and system all combined. So it has attributes of many things.
Speaker C: Right? That's exactly right.
Speaker D: What is society? It's like asking philosophical questions. It's actually a philosophical question. What is bitcoin?
Speaker C: That is right. That is right. And that's hard for people who are looking for cash flow or EBITDA or whatever it is to value. Macro guys value things all the time that have no cash flow. Gold is one. Bonds now certainly have negative cash flow. I don't know who could buy bonds. But anyway, the point is that this isn't just valuing something with no specific cash flow right now, but in the future there might be. I mean, it might be that at some point there's so many places that it could go, and I'm not the right guy to start throwing out the possibilities and all the use cases. I'm trying to think of what is this platform worth? I think eventually part of the value is that it is, if it need be traceable back to somebody somehow. And we've seen this, we've seen with the FBI, if they think that there's some fraud or something, they can not in all cases, but they can go back. Physical gold, it's more difficult. My only point is that gold, it's a hedge in the traditional system. For the traditional system, stocks and most people who are long stocks and bonds, gold is a good hedge. And now with rates close to zero, if we go through this thing where us two years are going back down to 2%, you don't have a real hedge. It's not clear to me that bitcoin acts as that hedge. It can. But what I'm trying to say is that bitcoin really is something much bigger than that. And to just be comparing it or gold and bitcoin are cousins. They're both alternative, right? The value part part that trades on the screen, they're alternative currencies, right? That one little part of bitcoin. Bitcoin really is massive. So I'm not sure why everyone is comparing bitcoin, digital gold. Maybe they think it's an easy way for people to understand it, but it's not an easy way. It confuses it. I think if it were presented as this invention of a new system and if it were articulated in the right way, I think it would make adoption easier and quicker. And so this leads me to think the greatest need in the bitcoin community, again, from a macro guy perspective, not someone who's involved nitty gritty. The leaders in the area need to either come together. Is it coin center which is the advocate in DC, right? Maybe each of them have to put in $5 million into a pot and they have to develop a proper marketing and educational plan. And I think this is important in DC as well because this is something that the, the US could, I mean, is going to be a huge growth mechanism. I think potentially could create a huge number of jobs. And right now they're antagonistic people in the leadership. I think a lot of people, they haven't done all this work and they're listening to these little bits of information from different people and they have the wrong idea. So an education marketing mechanism funded by these guys are making a fortune now I think is the way to build something that removes the general hostility from at least the politicians here and maybe some of the central bankers once they realize what it is. I think they should actually create tax incentives to get people to buy in somehow. Whether it's buying a little bitcoin, whether it's. They could make you remember Amazon. For the first 15 years of its existence, there was no state tax. There was no state or local tax on purchases. It was a gift the first $10,000 of bitcoin purchases should be tax free or something like that, because this is a, as I said, it's a whole framework that is hard to understand. I think owning a little bit makes it easier. And look, I haven't even talked about all the tremendous work that's going on underneath and above bitcoin. Underneath. I mean, Ethereum and all these other icos. There are tremendous projects. There are, you know, there are, you know, 100 exchanges, I mean, this ecosystem, as they like to call. But I think it's sort of more of a macro system.
Speaker D: I think it's a whole parallel system, financial system and everything else. I just think it's a whole parallel system being built in front of our eyes, the one that we've all been asking for.
Speaker C: Correct.
Speaker D: There's a lot of people still too cynical to realize what is going on in front of everybody's eyes, which is plan b is rapidly becoming plan a.
Speaker C: Yeah, but I don't, I don't see, I don't think necessarily that they're cynical or necessarily that it's plan B. It's the future meaning. And some people are resistant to the future and others aren't. I mean, like, take Tim Draper. He's a very smart guy. He was very successful before bitcoin, and I almost think he's so enthusiastic that it maybe puts people off.
Speaker D: He was on real vision and the same thing.
Speaker C: But he's phenomenal.
Speaker D: He was too enthusiastic.
Speaker C: People were like, no, but I know, but he's phenomenal. He's right. It's just, you know, getting the message across in an organized way would really help. And for me, I mean, I, you know, I hear Timothy, decentralized system.
Speaker D: Right. It's decentralized by nature. So.
Speaker C: Well, I think so.
Speaker D: This is, so maybe the, maybe the interesting thing is this development that everybody's going off in different directions, and that in itself is creating the whole much larger than if everyone was organized in one particular way.
Speaker C: Yeah, no, no, I agree, and I think that's better. I mean, I think that's, and that's the robustness of this platform is that it is decentralized and that it can't be shut down by anyone in one jurisdiction. But look, you know, I'm an American. We're here in America. I think it's a great country, and I would want us to take advantage of it. Right. And I think we could be the leaders, easily be the leaders in it. And if the government got behind it a little bit in terms of now, I know this is like heresy for the bitcoin crowd, but it would be nice for the average guy on the street who's at 60% equity and 40% in bonds and has his savings all locked up in these things to not just educate him, but really even incentivize him to expand his brain a little bit. Because that's the real difficulty, is that it takes a long time, because there are all of these different businesses now, not just the ones where there are tokens, but they're also all these private businesses, hundreds of private businesses that are doing different things within this world that are phenomenally interesting. And they don't all make money, they won't all survive. But it's very robust. It really is robust. And I think anyone under the age really, of 30 should be moving into this area. And I would say, and I don't think you really have to be a computer genius or a programmer. I think they need people this, I don't want to call it industry, but this area needs people who can bring things to market, who can. I think some of these small companies have brilliant ideas but don't know their customer well enough. They're not, they need sales and marketing people. And I think you're going to have that come from, I mean, maybe it's from some of the Deutsche bank type people, but I also think it's more creative people, not just people who are on a phone doing a transaction.
Speaker D: So when you look at the macro landscape and you see this, is this just kind of dwarfs everything else in macro opportunity land?
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, it's, so the thing is, you have to be careful with hyperbole because you know, the answer is yes. But if you start out with that, people think you're not. And especially my, you know, all the guys I work for, I mean, I think people over the age of 50, okay, or maybe even 40, 45, have a really hard time because we're also used to snatching up these little phrases from the, from the facebook or from Twitter or from a newspaper article. And, you know, very few people have digested the whole thing. And so you hear these phrases, oh, digital gold. And so someone who owns gold will say, oh, that's crazy. I'm never selling my gold for this thing that's up in the air. I don't know what this, that's crazy. But I actually just getting back to the gold thing for a second, I just think those are the people they shouldn't be being attacked. Those are the people who are going to be the first adopters from the next group of people, because they already understand the concept of debasing fiat and an alternative currency. The people who are long, you know, those are your cousins, they shouldn't be attacking them. They should be sort of trying to even almost combine with them because they're similar mentality. It's the people in the traditional investment space who are nowhere near, you know, they don't talk about fiat, you know, they don't understand what's gone on with monetary systems globally. So they don't even get the macro. And then you're trying to, the bitcoin people are trying to then not just explain the macro, but then overlay this super complex infrastructure network on top of that. In terms of explaining why, it just becomes very, very difficult.
Speaker A: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners and then we'll be right back. All of us together are living through the death of an old world and the birth of a new one. This is a fourth turning. But this is not the foreturning of demographics or politics. This is the birth of the new technological age. This new world has a world of 3d printed rockets, crypto payments in space, discussions on the rights for humanoid robots, machine intelligence that may outperform form, our own simulated worlds where autonomous AI agents write code for other autonomous AI agents. It's a world full of opportunity and full of difficulty, too. You see, we are living history, and it's happening much, much faster than any of us can comprehend. This is Reid's law, Metcalfe's law squared. Humanity has never gone through anything like this, but we have to comprehend and understand what is happening. It is into this world that the exponentialist is born. The exponentialist is a new service from me, Raoul Powell and David Matin, author of New World, same humans. It's an almanac of the fastest period of change ever witnessed in human history. A period of excitement, exhilaration, difficulty and terror. And the exponentialist really is for humans first and investors second. Yes, the opportunities are enormous all round. To find out more and get our special launch pricing, go to realvision.com.
Speaker D: The future, you know, interesting, we looked at the trend of the people, I mean, the brain drain out of macro into this is huge. Well, and the interesting one for me, because he is that communicator is just gonna. Mark is actually really good at explaining institutional people.
Speaker C: Mark is really good what it is.
Speaker D: Because Mark, you know, yes, he comes, he's incredibly personal and he gets across very well.
Speaker C: Yes, and good guy.
Speaker D: He's a great guy, but he also understands how big a macro opportunity it was. It kind of was like, okay, this is it. I mean, shifted his entire business.
Speaker C: He did.
Speaker D: And he can communicate, hopefully with at least some of the institutional guys to get them to understand.
Speaker C: Yeah, but you need a thousand, of course, of them. And I think it's, it's a, it's a, and I actually think it's a very small, a small group who have switched over.
Speaker D: Dan Moorehead was the first of all the people I knew. There was a bunch of guys, Chad and Emil, who were GMI guys and you know, as well, ex Goldman guys. They were extremely early, maybe even earlier.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah.
Speaker D: They were bitcoin mining from their office because they got free electricity. And then it started, then Nova, I think. And then John Burbank was super interesting. Even Alan Howard's got bitcoin group, but.
Speaker C: It'S very Jim Palotta.
Speaker D: I know. But what's interesting is these are really, really respected people.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. So the people in politics and the leadership, and I would say even the leadership of the top companies where a lot of capital resides in the traditional world, they don't know these people, and they're very far away and they're not connected. And I mean, this is an opportunity for you, I think, to create a platform to reach out to the more traditional investment world, explaining to them what is going on and why it's important. And, I mean, there aren't that many people who I think sit in the middle of all of that. I mean, you have a few people who are asking questions, but even there are a lot of VC's. I mean, very good macro understanding, but it's not the same thing. So I think there's real need now, and I think there's a lot of value there.
Speaker D: Yeah, that makes total sense. So for you, look, it's a really big universe because it's not just bitcoin, but your particular attraction right now. And knowing you, it will change over time as you discover new things, is you're saying, okay, the one bet that you can have is bitcoin.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker D: But what do you think of, therefore, these other parallel universes? They're all part of the same digitization of the world, which is why I wrote that big GMI article this month about it, about digitalization of all assets, and therefore, the value of everything is digital now. And this is the architecture for all of that. So what do you think about, how do you think about that world of Ethereum and all these gazillion other currencies, tokens. We're trying to figure this all out. Right.
Speaker C: I think there's tremendous value. I mean, I think if you're new to the space and you want to get involved. Wences the Zaparo Casaurus. Yeah. He wrote this piece three, four months ago that was brilliant. He says, put 1% of your net worth into bitcoin. If it goes to zero, whatever. If not. I think he almost said at one point, this was a few years ago, even. It was irresponsible not to have 1% of your portfolio in bitcoin again. I think you should have a lot more, but that's a good way to begin to think about it.
Speaker D: The other person that's also involved in this is Mark Hart. Mark's always a good question mark.
Speaker C: Yeah. And I listened to your interviews with Mark in 17. He was right on.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: You know, everyone creates because it's so hard to define in one sentence. Everyone says, you know, well, bitcoin is like this. It's like the rails for the world. Or bitcoin is like gold and litecoin is like silver. You know? You know, they're trying. People are just. We're still trying to define it, you know, and I think that's there are lots of opportunities, but I don't think that, you know, unless you're gonna do a lot of work and you're gonna be able to do as much work as, you know, someone who spends their entire life on it, I don't think you go in and just buy bitcoin gold or, you know, or chain, you know, or any of Monero. I mean, any. There are a lot of valid enterprises, but I think you can just stick to bitcoin as an entry, because that's the innovation, the invention, these other things. But look, Ethereum is, again, I'm not the right guy to talk about this, but it's programmable, super interesting. I mean, you could do lots of things. The second layer, at the conference, I heard there was a guy talking about how he through. There's the lightning system, which increases the speed of transactions of bitcoin, but also that you can build a settlement feature into the second layer above bitcoin. Now, I'm not sure exactly what he meant, but I listened to the presentation, and I listened to it again, and I took it to mean that, okay, well, bitcoin has more flexibility than at least some of the naysayers. There are a lot of naysayers out there say, oh, it's too slow. It's too clunky. Again, that's part of its strength, the solidity. And that as time goes on, it becomes more and more secure, and the price of securing that network goes up in value more and more, almost exponential. Right.
Speaker D: Because it has been exponential all the way through.
Speaker C: That's right. And so I want to get back to the value thing for a second.
Speaker D: Just because I want to come back.
Speaker C: Because you say so. You say so. What can this thing be worth? And it's now $200 billion in a market cap. But that's kind of small. You know, it's kind of small if you. Not even if you. If you just see what's been built, like, you know, it would cost more than $200 billion to build that, right? So you can start to think that, you know, within ten years, the Winklevoss million dollars or Draper's 5,250,000 in the next few years. It's not unreasonable. And so what is the bet? The bet is to buy and to do nothing else. That's it. Unless you're going to be involved in, like, a fun business, you're going to be trading this and that. But I don't even think that's. I think that's not really needed.
Speaker D: So you become the holder, you know, the classic.
Speaker C: I know.
Speaker D: I can't believe I'm hearing this from you.
Speaker C: I know. I know. I can't believe it myself because I wasn't here six months ago.
Speaker D: No, I know. I mean, you were interested, but you.
Speaker C: I was interested, but, you know, when it was only that the price went down so much that I thought, okay, now I can have some way to figure out my risk reward. But then I bought it. 50 00, 60 00, 70 00, 80 00. I mean, if it can go to that number and I'm gonna hold for ten years, then, you know, even here you can buy. But you have to be. And look, everyone is saying, oh, well, but you have to be willing to risk for it to go to zero. Not anymore. Well, you see, and that even. I remember even reading Daniel Moorhead, who was in the Wall Street Journal, it was either January 18 or December 17. And he said, it's a new technology, but, you know, you have to be prepared that it could go to zero. And I thought that always stuck in my head. And then as it kept going down and then you see all the businesses forming and all the infrastructure building and you do all the work. I don't think it can be. It can't go to zero. And he probably would say that now, too. In fact, I. You know, maybe there's some superior system that comes down the road, but this has a ten year track record of proving that it's a bulletproof security truth machine. Right? And so that's totally new. And what's that worth? Well, Draper and Winklevoss and those guys.
Speaker D: The other one I've been interested in, I talked to you about it the other day, was I came across this guy, plan B on Twitter, this hundred trillion dollars. And what he did was a stock flow model. Again, I couldn't understand any of his mathematics. Really clever. I'm going to get him on real vision because I'll do it anonymously. He's based in Amsterdam. Don't know who the hell he is, but it's like everybody's been struggling with the valuation tool. And this guy, an anonymous guy, middle of nowhere, just dumps this complex maths and go, okay, here's how gold works in the stock flow model. And here's silver, because it's industrial, puts it on a linear regression and shows you that bitcoin is operating on an exponential increasing level like gold. I'm like, holy shit. This is super clever because it's even clever for valuing gold. He's kind of solved the valuation of gold problem in the whole equation without even thinking about it, just by solving the bitcoin valuation.
Speaker C: That's a good point.
Speaker D: So from him using the exponential log scale of where he's going, he's like, okay, the next halving, because of what that does for the number of coins, he goes, okay, the next halving is 100,000. And he's like, before you know it, this thing is worth $100 trillion. But get this. That's worth $100 trillion. When the mining stops, they've mined all the bitcoin after that. What's it worth? Because then it's an entire system in itself. Because at $100 trillion.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: Okay, you've got an entire.
Speaker C: Well, what's the total world money supply? People often this is Mark Hartz. Use it. No, I think it's 80 trillion or something. Total world wealth. I think people are trying to compare to those numbers. Look, I don't know that you can do that, but it seems to me that, I mean, money supply is just dollars or currency in the system. That's not that ingenious.
Speaker D: No.
Speaker C: You know, so you can get to those crazy numbers, but I don't see, like, there's too much time that I think it will take. I mean, let's say it takes ten years. There's so many innovations and changes and things that'll happen in ten years. Yeah.
Speaker D: That's not macro timeline, that's, that's vc timeline.
Speaker C: I think you can, and there are lots of, I didn't talk about them, but there are lots of ways to value bitcoin that are just internal to its own ecosystem like that, without taking it outside and saying, you know, what's this invention worth in the history and scope of the last hundred years? Whatever it is, I think there and there, and there are thousands and thousands of people doing work on this. That's the power of, normally you'd have ten smart guys at ten different brokerages or something doing interesting macroeconomic work. You literally have thousands of people thinking about this all over the world. Amsterdam, you have this interesting company, Bitpesa, doing payments in Africa. And that's a whole other, you know, thing. And, you know, it just, there's so many applications. We haven't talked about this at all, and some of them are there now and some of them aren't, and some make money and some don't. But the scope, I mean, so here you go. Now I say, oh, it's bigger than anything we've ever seen. And so the problem is you say things like that and it's like describing.
Speaker D: The Internet back in the eighties, right? It's very difficult to describe.
Speaker C: Well, you know, so I had a thought, well, it wasn't my thought. I read it somewhere that someone said, you know, oh, the Internet was created, not created, it was the uptake, the usage. And who would have thought that the number one thing that the Internet is used for is watching cat videos and streaming video? And he said, well, wouldn't it be interesting if the Internet was just sort of the base for allowing the bitcoin framework to exist, that in the end, the function of the Internet will have been to sustain and maintain the bitcoin world, the invention of this new system. And so that may be, you know, years from now we'll be saying, well, that's of course why the Internet was invented, or invented, you know, was. Right. Was that was the use case for the Internet? Was bitcoin not, you know, streaming peripheral? Yeah. Every selling stuff online, like, oh my gosh, I, we could have figured that out, right? Amazon. Right. Maybe. And I think it's not a crazy argument.
Speaker D: So I'm thinking about, I'm worried about the global economy, and you and I have talked about it as well. I don't know where you stand currently on this, but one of my outputs from this is just at a very simple level, the most simple macro level is we go from the US having to get rates to zero. Let's say, okay, we have the ECB then having to do something more extreme, and we have the BOJ then having to go more extreme again. That's the typical pattern. So we end up with extraordinary world, whatever that is, MMT plus, whatever, whatever it looks like. So you start to think, well, obviously bitcoin and gold, both of them look like great options, just options on something. I think bitcoin has the potential to be the larger option for the reasons we say. Because you basically, it's an option into, as I said, something entirely different.
Speaker C: But it's a different bet than gold.
Speaker D: Yes, it's a different, completely different bet. So that thesis for you holds up as well from a macro perspective, that if things get ugly and central banks get there's more central bank largess, then it's got to be a net beneficiary into bitcoin.
Speaker C: Yeah, but I mean, I know it's not your reasoning. No, I think bitcoin does its thing on its own. Meaning that people will start to realize what I am realizing, what all the people in this space who are really committed, what they see. I think it's almost on its own. Yeah, it's helpful. If rates go down, gold will respond. Because I think gold is interesting now because most of the world just owns equities, at least in America, but also other places, lots of equity holdings. And if equities go down, there's no hedge because the bonds can't really go much below zero. We've seen they can, but that's not a great hedge if you're concerned about if you see the drop. And for me, the most important thing going on now macro is this massive drop in prices. It was the Isam price component, and the last four or five months it's just gone straight down. I sent you that chart, and that's a very scary chart. And it shows that fed is nowhere near their target. But everyone has mis evaluated the degree of price compression and the Fed knew it six months ago. We never got close to any target. So, you know, that's the challenge is how do you get to a place where you stop deflating and, you know, you have the web, the Amazon effect and all of that, which is talked about all the time. I mean, that's real. You know, I think that's real. You have a home advisor thing. I needed a new air conditioner unit in the first floor of my house and my guy who I've had for 20 years, quoted me a price. I thought, that's crazy. I mean, that's nuts. I go onto the web, home advisor, the air conditioning guys who are in my area. I said, the problem? Within ten minutes, I got a call back. A guy gave me a price that was 15% lower. I just went back to my normal guy. I'm like, look, what's the price? And he basically said, fine. So, oh, you're a great client, et cetera. So things like, and I wasn't aware of this. I just said, you know, the guy's ripping me off. I know it. If a guy like me is doing that, right, everyone else is. And so that pressure, and certainly in Asia, I mean, and how adept and facile they are, I mean, and so that pressure just continues. And so the issue really is how much can you pump in, right? You're saying MMT or more rate cuts or whatever it is. And so what happens is, gold does become the hedge for the traditional world, because as the rates drop, it will go up. It is very sensitive to liquidity, changes in liquidity from the main central banks, and it has a lot of other things that it responds to as well. And I think bitcoin is its own thing. It'll do well in that, but it'll do well if that doesn't happen as well. So I.
Speaker D: It's going up?
Speaker C: Yeah, well, I think so. I think it's just about, you know, look at. About having the time and patience and not. And just having the allocation and not being too cute about it.
Speaker D: Our rate's going to zero.
Speaker C: Well, I I think they're going all the way back down, maybe. I don't know if it's zero, whatever it is. But at the roundtable in California, we had our favorite trade, and I said, my favorite trade was the two year note, and it's pretty much dropped. And, you know, I think Stan said he thinks he could see it down to 50 basis points. I mean, you don't have to listen to me about that. I mean, I think that's.
Speaker D: Stan's telling us he's long. People like him and Alan Howe, they're all long euro dollars. Two years.
Speaker C: Well, and also, you know, I mean, I think it was about a month ago. I mean, Paul Tudor Jones came out and said his favorite bet for the next two years is gold. That was. I don't know if you remember that. And then it rallied 10%, and it's now at a six year high. I mean, I don't recall you know, Paul, I don't know him personally, but I followed him. I don't recall him very often, at least having a two year view being that definitive and saying one thing, this is for the next two years. So of course, I can come up with my own reasons and he has his own reasons, but I kind of think the two are linked in a way. I think you'll have more upside on the goal because I don't think the two years are going below zero. I do. Okay.
Speaker D: It is everywhere else.
Speaker C: But they could.
Speaker D: No, everywhere else, right?
Speaker C: They certainly could. And again, so recession, you can still have 1% gdp, but you could have 1%. CPI will feel like a recession. A zero CPI will feel like a recession. You still could have some growth. And I hate being so cataclysmic also about it, because it can happen over a long period of time. It could be over the next two years. Right. The one thing that I think is a little spanner in the works of that is that I think Trump is very aggressive. I think that the market probably has to be near its highs going into the election next year. So you might get a very severe dip now, like you had in December, last December, and then a panic response. I don't think Trump is going to let it. And he could do, basically, he could do lots of things. There are lots of levers that you can pull to push that off. Can we have an zero eight collapse? It just seems a little less likely because we're so aware of that. December showed you that, showed that. Look, I mean, we'd be talking about this in March, China, March of 18, China was slowing. They still have a big corporate debt problem. There's still a huge overhang. There are problems there now, the two year, two year rate of change of Libor, which was a phenomenal indicator. Anyone watching this should go back to your work and look at that indicator. You combine those two things and remember we were at, what was it that we were at a restaurant here in the city, and we hammered this out in March and April, and then you throw QT on it and all of a sudden in December, boom. But what normally would have led to more of a wipeout didn't because there's so much intervention now in the traditional markets. I think that's why they're so boring compared to what's going on in crypto. Things are known. You know, it used to be, it was a handful of guys looking at Fed policy in the late eighties and nineties, and now it's thousands, if not hundreds of thousands and there's nothing there. Like there's no, there's no edge. Yeah, you can be long the two year and you can hold it. And if it's moving up and down month to month, you can't manage your p and l based on, you know, that it has. You have to hold it. I think it's a good, I think it's a good view. But for the moment, until those two years get down to 50 bip stans level or 1%, I think the equity can still hang in there. So we don't go into. It goes down and especially into the election. I don't think we can go into that cataclysmic, it's all over. Let's get rid of the fiat monetary money system. It's just, it's too much. And these things, as you know, macro always takes longer than you imagine, than you imagine.
Speaker D: To get the right answer is actually not that difficult to get the time of these bigger events really hard.
Speaker C: Yeah, but I mean, look, you've done a good job and I think that there are people out there who do it and do it well. And look, you've been right on this two year call and I don't think you suffered that much. You've been right on like the moments and then you got back into gold also, I think, at the right time. And now I think you can have that position. Yeah, I think until Tudor, until Paul comes out and says, okay, I'm done with it. Or maybe before then.
Speaker D: Always before then.
Speaker C: Before then. But I don't have as dramatic a view because I mean, look, we would have if in the nineties talking about Japan, you know, we all thought, you know, it was going to blow up and I guess it has blown up, but it's taken. But have they felt it? Have we felt it? I mean it's still, it's still this morass of, you know, and they have companies there that are doing great things and real estate is still relatively, you know, expensive. And so, you know, the zero eight events or 97. 98, you know, Asia and then the, those macro crisis events, they're just, you know, we already all made our money on that. Like, we already all. We did that.
Speaker D: Like, well, you're saying it's the opposite. We've got. The upside is the bitcoin. That's that like the complete regime change, much like 98 in Asia was. It was complete.
Speaker C: Oh, the break. Yeah. Right.
Speaker D: I think it's an opposite.
Speaker C: But it's a constant. No, it's a constant.
Speaker D: Does this mean that macro guys have to become, become optimistic?
Speaker C: No.
Speaker D: Extraordinary.
Speaker C: I think that they can shoehorn themselves into this by and look, I think within five to eight years, every single hedge fund will be trading crypto in some form. Because what's going to happen is that there is going to be an entire system that hasn't been built yet that is going to grow up around it. For instance, you know, the lending market, it's just started. There's going to be custody, there's going to be repo, there's going to be people who own bitcoin. And one thought it'd be interesting to know what you think about this, but I'm starting to have this feeling that bitcoin might actually not be the thing that gets spent and used and that it might be something else. Because everyone in this space, I mean, May 22 is bitcoin pizza day, right? Everyone knows that that guy spent 10,000 bitcoin on two slices. And then you have Winkelvoss also talking about how he paid for his galactic Branson flight with bitcoin. And then at the conference just now, a guy said that is paid thousands of bitcoin for a cup of coffee in the early days. So everyone who's bought or who owns like, is hearing these, you know, remembers these stories. It's like almost a meme, like, oh, never sell, right. You were the guy who blew 1000 bitcoin on that. And I think that's okay. And that also contributes to the robustness and strength. Right.
Speaker D: Depends what layers you build on top and the stuff around it, right?
Speaker C: But I think that's all. And I don't just mean like the normal financial architecture, the lending and repo and the collateralization of bitcoin, using it as collateral to be able to buy other things. I think that's coming also. So I don't know how it'll work. I mean, maybe it is just satoshis that end up getting transferred back and forth, or maybe it is litecoin, or maybe it is some thing that hasn't come around yet. Anyway, I tell everybody who's under 30 if they're looking about something to do or they're interested, what should I do? Do I go to a macro hedge fund? You know, probably not unless you're going to be doing something interesting like this.
Speaker D: Brilliant. I mean, look, it was a really good tour around some really big concepts, some good ideas, old fashioned macro, the whole thing, as ever.
Speaker C: This is what we do every week. Anyway, so, you know, I just came in here to, you know, see you face to face.
Speaker D: Perfect. Well, good to see you. We'll get you back.
Speaker C: Bitcoins at 100,000 next and gold at 5000.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: It's incredible how well that video stands up. It just still, even now, as we start to see the rate cycle turn, we start to see the macro backdrop materializing again. We start to talk about the more cowbell, the stimulus coming into the system. This video is like a perfect time capsule. It's also the perfect education piece. And Dan is not some wide eyed 22 year old saying, let's break the world. He's somebody who said, this is one of the most groundbreaking technologies we've ever had, and we can all benefit from it and we can all invest in it. So please, please, please share this with everybody you think needs to watch it. I think it's one of the most important pieces ever made around bitcoin. And I think many of you have said so in the past that you think so, too. So anyway, let's do everybody a favor. Let's be community minded and let's spread the word and help people in their journey for the biggest macro trade all time. And that, again, is not just bitcoin. Bitcoin was the foundation of it all and the important big daddy. But it's the whole journey of crypto and how it's going to revolutionize not only the financial system, but the Internet itself. All right, see you next time.
Speaker B: Hey, everybody. Today's real vision program is sponsored by Engrave, maker of the coldest hardware, wallet zero and stainless steel backup graphene. Engrave brings you the highest security in a touchscreen experience. To safely manage all of your crypto offline, enjoy a 10% real vision discount in Engrave IO shop with the code real vision.
