Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30. 30, baby get 30 baby get 20. 2020, baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month, so give.
Speaker A: It a try at Mint mobile.com switch.
Speaker B: $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com dot hello, and welcome back to real Vision Crypto Daily Briefing. Here's why you should tune into today's show. FTX fires the first shot of the next great stablecoin war. We'll discuss a report that the exchange is working on its own stablecoin. Plus, what can young entrepreneurs do to make it in this volatile world of crypto? We will speak live with young quantitative trader Casper Vandaloukhe of Musca Capital. Stay tuned for that. My name is Mark Oliveira. Moritz Siebert is with me today. What's up, Mort? How's it going?
Speaker C: Hey, Marco. It's always great to see you. I'm always doing fine, as you know, I don't have time for being miserable, so just great. How are you?
Speaker B: I'm doing great. I'm doing great. Before we get started into the stories, I have to say that all of us here at real vision know that things are tough out there. So to stay true to our mission to help investors, we have just reduced the price of a subscription to real vision essential to dollar 99 a year, and a subscription to the plus tier is just $400 a year until the end of October. There's also a juicy, juicy discount on our pro crypto tier. Scan the QR code at the bottom or head over to realvision.com crash pricing to learn more. All right, with that said, let's jump into the latest price action. After a crazy 24 hours, it looks like things have finally stabilized. Bitcoin is down slightly, trading around 20,600. It came within touching distance of 21,000 but topped at $20,983 Wednesday, according to Coinmarketcap decrypt sites data from Coinglasse showing that as much as $1.13 billion was liquidated across the markets in 24 hours on Tuesday and Wednesday, with the vast majority of it being short positions or bets against price rising. Similarly, Ethereum didn't manage to hit 1600. Nonetheless, the currency enjoyed a big jump in price. Some traders are now taking the gains, with eth down about 2% on 24 hours basis. And then the final token we're looking at today is dogecoin. It's been surging as Elon Musk buyout of Twitter appears to be finally getting to a close. The deadline for the deal is set to go through tomorrow. Moritz, we finally have something to talk about here. With these prices, what do you make of it?
Speaker C: Can't comment on Dogecoin. I've never been long that asset, so it's just amazing to watch. But hey, I'm actually happy to see some movement finally going back to the crypto markets. Let's see if that there's going to be some follow through on that breakout, because honestly, since the June lows, let's see if they were the lows. But it's the most recent low, essentially. Bitcoin has been range bound. It's like in a four or $5,000 range, and it's been like watching paint dry, really. Nothing has happened with that asset, which used to be one of the most volatile assets in the world. Implied vols were 100, then they're down 80. It's realizing 25, which is less than the s and P 500. So it's completely upside down. Nothing has been moving in crypto, so it's good to see some action coming back. Helps us as a business on the exponential h side. Hopefully it's releasing to the top side. That's all I can say. Happy to see some volatility coming back.
Speaker B: Yeah, definitely. Well, hopefully it sticks as it goes, because we've seen bitcoin do this kind of thing before, and then obviously other cryptos follow bitcoin, so maybe we'll be heading back down, but I guess only time will tell.
Speaker C: Sorry to interrupt. And the other thing on the liquidations, you mentioned that ahead of the show. I found that interesting. I just spoke to volatility trader saying that, oh, yeah, there were liquidations in delta space, but it hasn't even. It wasn't enough to really change volume surfaces, so volume has kind of, like, stayed where it was. It's kind of like the term structure is massively flat still. So it didn't follow through there. But I was surprised to see these liquidations, like, the magnitude of the liquidations happening, because usually people are levered long and they liquidated on a move lower, but here it's a move higher, and they got liquidated off short positions. So I was just surprised to see that there was that much short delta sitting in the markets and derivatives. But you never stop learning, I guess, in that space.
Speaker B: Yeah, a few of it. We were talking, I think off camera too, about FTX and how a lot of that was on FTX's exchanges. I think it was 600 million. We reported yesterday. The number is higher. And you were saying that a lot of retail traders trade on FTX, which, and they're usually the ones that are long, so it's kind of interesting to see that happen as well. Anyways, let's look at our top story today and as we talk about FTX. In an interview with the Big Whale, Sam Bankman Fried, the CEO of FTX, revealed the exchange is working on its own stable coin. He didn't reveal too many details, only saying that we're going to hear more about it soon. Some of FTX's rivals have already already run or have links to stable coins. For example, binance or BUSd Coinbase is partnered with Circle, which of course is the issuer of USDC. USDC is ranked as the fifth largest cryptocurrency by market cap. Binance USD is 7th. However, tether or USDT topples both of them as the third largest cryptocurrency by market cap. Notably, just a few days ago, SBS said in a tweet that Binance's decision to convert USDC into BUSD is kicking off a second great stablecoin war. BUSd's stablecoin market share has been growing. It's now at an all time high of 15.5%. So more, it's all of this sounds like the opening salvo of a third rate stablecoin war. What do you make of all of this?
Speaker C: I'm not sure if war is the right word, honestly. Marco Adonir, I mean, how many stable coins, how many USD stablecoins does the world need? Two? Maybe three, maybe 510. I'm not so sure about that. I mean why? I mean there's $1. I'd love it for other stable coin currencies to come into existence. Like for instance, the euro still doesn't have a major stable coin. I there is no major stablecoin for the swiss franc. Theres no major stablecoin for the japanese yen. Theres no major stablecoin for the Aussie dollar. The euro is the second largest currency in the world. I think it needs to have a stablecoin. I completely understand that people right now like stablecoin companies or companies businesses that want to set up a stable coin, thats a great business idea. Given the current interest rate environment, especially in Europe where the earliest, like meca regulation framework that comes up essentially prevents the payment of interest. So it's kind of like interesting, you have a positive interest rate environment all of a sudden and you can actually make a good business out of this. But back to your point. I don't really understand why they're launching the stablecoin. I'm sure there's a business reason behind that. As a user of stablecoins, what do you care about? You want the coin to be stable. That's it. You want it to do what it says on the tin, which means it needs to be backed, fully backed by the underlying asset to which it supposed to be linked. And that's it. And if you have one or two of those, maybe two or three, depending on maybe one is paying a better interest than the other. Okay, fine. But five to ten, I don't see that happening.
Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely. And maybe on that point of having a few of them, I mean, maybe that's a point of competition where some stable coins, depending on what they're being backed by, they can market themselves as like, hey, I'm more backed by this type of, we're more backed by cash, we're more backed by debt securities or in this. So it might be interesting to see that point of competition. Another point I think that we were speaking off camera before we joined was, you know, it's the dollar is the, is the reason that we see so many of them kind of peg to the dollar is because the world is still really functioning on dollars. And as time progresses, I think you were mentioning that you think that we'll have some more introductions of euro based stable coins or swiss franc or other ones as time goes on?
Speaker C: Yeah, I think so. I think regulators will essentially force it to come into existence. I mean, it all started in dollars. The dollar is the biggest currency in the world. When crypto started things, firstly, it got priced in dollars. So it has an advantage there. It was just first mover advantage. Everybody needs to follow. But I guess over time, for instance, in Europe, there will be regulation that might force an on ramp and off ramp to happen in euro and then it needs to be tied to euro stablecoin and who knows how that is going to play out. But I guess if you wanted to make a bet, at some point we will have a big euro stablecoin. That is something I like to bet on. Question is, who will be the issuer of that or who will be running that stablecoin that is still up for, up for grabs, to be quite honest.
Speaker B: A good question indeed. Well, thanks for that. More. It's going to be interesting to hear Casper's thoughts on this. Later. Another story we're looking at today. One of the world's largest bitcoin mining companies said it's running out of cash. Core scientific says it won't make its November and December payments, warning that it may seek bankruptcy protection if the company's financial situation does not improve soon. They blame a prolonged fall in the price of bitcoin, a rise in electricity costs, increased competition and litigation with bankrupt crypto lenders. Celsius Network, among other things. According to a file filing with the US securities and Exchange Commission, core scientific held 24 bitcoins and approximately $26.6 million in cash as of Thursday. And to put that into perspective, it was only September that they had 1000 bitcoins and about $29.5 million in cash. So quite a difference there, especially in the bitcoins. Core scientific went public in January. The stock opened today down some 70%. Sounds like another victim of a brutal crypto winter, huh? Moritz, what do you make of this?
Speaker C: Yeah, quite a drop more than Facebook or meta as it's now known, which I think is down 30% as well. But that's a different story. Look, I don't know the details in the specifics behind their demise or the issues that they have. What I can tell you is I'm in contact with some other very large miners, not daily, but a couple of times a year. And they tell me that even though the price of bitcoin has dropped, they are running their business just fine and its actually working well for them. So whether they have cheaper energy access or almost like zero cost energy access that I dont know, it might be cheaper than what core had or has. But maybe there have been other issues at the level of the business of core where things have gone wrong. I dont know that. But yeah sure the price of bitcoin is down, the price of electricity, depending on where you live in the world, is up. But it also depends on the sourcing. I mean if you run your mining business like they do in Texas or in Iceland, and you have access to hydro and you have long term contracts or maybe even own the asset that the power generation asset, you're doing just fine.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us we brought in a reverse offer auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless Dollar 30 Biddy Get 20 2020 Biddy Get 2020 better 15 1515 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint.
Speaker B: Mobile.Com switch $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for a limited time unlimited more than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot yeah, absolutely. And it's also surprising that it's one of the world's largest bitcoin mining companies that's going through this. And you would think that it would be the smaller companies, the smaller players, because since this is one of the largest, you would think they have more resources to be buying more machines to be more competitive in the market. But it turns out that this can affect everybody. So definitely something to keep an eye on. We talked about the great stablecoin war. Now onto the great regulator War. I'm exaggerating a little bit. Of course. There is a conflict brewing between two us financial regulators. We're talking about the SEC, the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the CFTC communities Commodity Futures Trading Commission. One regulates securities, so stocks and bonds. The other deals with commodities. And you might be asking yourself, well, what's being contested? And it's actually the nature of Ethereum. According to the block, the head of the CFTC chair, Rosten Benam, said he thinks ether is a commodity. And he added that the head of the SEC chair, Gary Gensler, quote, thinks otherwise, or at least hasn't certainly declared one way or the other. Banam says, will be up to Congress to determine this. Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong picked up on those comments. He tweeted, quote, how does this serve America's interests? Lack of regulatory clarity is harming american investors and driving the industry offshore. So more, it's clearly, there's still a lot of debate over Ethereum's legal status, and this is also a risk, you know, if it's driving the industry offshore. What are your thoughts there?
Speaker C: Well, first off, bang on to Brian Armstrong, and kudos to him. I completely agree with him. The lack of a, the lack of clarity and the non existence of a clear regulatory framework is a hindrance. That is not only true in the United States, that is true essentially all around the world. It's not only regulation, it's taxation. It's accounting. We've just, I think last week had an announcement by FASB, the accounting Standards board, coming out with new standards regarding market to market treatments and accounting of digital assets on balance sheets. All of that, Marco, needs to come into existence and needs to become clear for investors to access the space for larger institutional investors to come in and access the space. They're very unlikely doing it without the clear framework being in existence. I'd also love it if the regulatory frameworks around the world would be relatively consistent to one another so that it's not a in the United States and B or kind of like the opposite in the European Union and C in Asia and D in Australia. And it's like, you know, then it's all kind of like mixed up. Needs to be a consistent framework. If that happens, funding comes, liquidity comes, risk taking, capacity comes, balance sheets open up, the entire space will flourish. So they need to get that done. If you ask me, is ether a security or a commodity? Well, bitcoin, I completely understand why they would put that into the CFTC camp saying it's a commodity, it's decentralized, nobody owns it, doesn't have a CEO, it's just it exists out there. That is not really that true in my personal opinion. But I might be the uninitiated here for ethereum, there is an Ethereum foundation, theres clearly people developing code, theyre not really calling the shots, but its definitely different than bitcoin and even more so now that it has moved over to proof of stake. So if I had to make a guess, I would say its a security and itll probably go to the SEC therefore. And most of the other tokens and coins that we have in our universe are securities too. So they will be living in Gary Genslers backyard going forward as well. And maybe bitcoin is really the only one. Or maybe there are a few others like configured instruction in the way that bitcoin is that would be sitting with the CFTC, but most of it will be with the SEC I guess.
Speaker B: Preston, im sure the bitcoin Maxis are loving your comments right now. Theyre probably like yes, bitcoin is the only decentralized one. Definitely something to keep an eye on. Well, onto our final news story before we speak with Casper, we have Asia's great crypto battle. Yesterday we reported the Singapore proposed a string of new crypto restrictions, including tightening limits on retail trading. According to Bloomberg sources, another asian city is making moves in the opposite direction. Hong Kong is planning to become a crypto hub, which will involve legalizing retail trading of crypto. A mandatory licensing program for crypto platforms is expected to come into force in March of next year. The bigger tokens will be allowed to list based on their market value, liquidity and membership of third party crypto indexes. Details of the plans are expected to be officially unveiled at a fintech conference on Monday. All of this is notable because so far, Hong Kong has been relatively unfriendly to crypto. Not to mention the fact that crypto has been banned, effectively banned in mainline mainland China. So that's. That's where we're at for this story. With that said for that's it for today's news. Onto our main interview, let's bring in our guest, Casper Vandalouk. I hope I'm saying that correctly, Casper. He's the CEO and quantitative trader at Muste. Casper, welcome to the show.
Speaker D: Hi. Thank you.
Speaker B: Absolutely. One more words. Please feel free to hop in here and take it away with Casper. I'll be back with key takeaway shortly after.
Speaker C: Thank you, Marco, and welcome to the show, Casper. It'll be great chatting with you. Actually, just on the Hong Kong thing that we've just heard. Hong Kong at the very beginning, if I remember that correctly, really didn't care. Sam Bang went free. I think, if I'm not misinformed, used to live there and then they became less friendly and anti criminal crypto. And people move to Singapore and now Singapore is becoming a little bit more restrictive and people move to Dubai. It seems to be going in circles now. Hong Kong is looking to make a comeback. Remains to be seen whether that is going to be actually being. If people take the offer, because China is in the background. Mainland China is banning mining. Who knows? We'll see. But, hey, welcome to the show. Give us a little bit of an intro. What do you do? Did you. How did you get into crypto? Just like a minute or two briefly on the background.
Speaker D: Well, in short, I'm Casper. I'm 22. I run a small quant shop in Luxembourg, head offices in Brussels. We trade anything in crypto doing both directional and delta neutral strategies. I got in crypto in 2016, so I was a python freelancer at the time, and someone wanted to pay me in some bitcoins. I said, that's fine. Received payment, but I couldn't do anything with it. Then I discovered that it was an exchange called Polar next, where I could bet on other coins using bitcoin. And that's basically my introduction to trading. Got a little bit of the bug inside of me to trade, and I've been doing that as a hobby for two years. And then in 2018, I dropped out of high school to do it full time. And then four years later, I decided to start my own fund.
Speaker C: Okay, so you were 16 when you started trading on Poloniex, which means, like, you've never really, I think, worked at a bank or traded before. Kind of like you really. You are crypto native, you started in the crypto business, and would you consider yourself a quand? I mean, is that your background? Are you a math guy or like, you know, how do you trade?
Speaker D: Well, in the beginning it was just more of a. More gambling than anything else, but it quickly became order flow. But since I was a programmer at the time, and I wanted to scale up my business, improve myself, and do analytics behind my performance, I decided to start building tools for myself to help me create better entries, find better opportunities. And later on that also became automated strategies. Where now it came to the point where 95% of all the actions that I take on exchanges is fully automated, while 5% is only, what, human interactions or manual work.
Speaker C: Okay, and do you have a fund already in existence, or are you looking to launch or what do you do?
Speaker D: I've been busy setting it up, the legal setup for over a year now in Luxembourg, and it's now fully finished. We're now in our last quarter of our offering period, and then we're launching the fund in 2023, the 1 January.
Speaker C: Okay. Okay. How's the asset raising going? I mean, it's a difficult market environment by any stretch of the imagination, but can you get it to a good launch?
Speaker D: We can get it to a good launch. We already have hard committed over a million. We're trying to get that up to 5 million. But yeah, raising is definitely more difficult now that we are in a bear market and people are very afraid to invest in crypto. People are way more skeptical, both in the crypto space, but also in the traditional space. I had, for example, a big vc in crypto that even went bust and couldn't invest with us anymore, even though they were soft committed.
Speaker C: Right. So what you do right now is you're essentially trading your prop account on a couple of exchanges or venues, maybe still poloniex, but probably also others such as FTX or binance. I'm not sure what you're doing or dare a bit. Coinbase, whatever. Tell us about your trading style. What are you looking for? What are the inefficiencies that you're targeting?
Speaker D: In general, when it comes to inefficiencies, the main strategy that we do is cross funding arbitrage. So we look for assets where you get paid to long it on one exchange, but paid to short it on another, and then we take that position on both sides. Our essential risk to that specific asset is none. Since we fully hedge ourselves. And then we profit from the funding rate that we get and also on the spread between the contracts when that balances out. Again. When it comes to directional trading strategies, what we try to do is look at the order flow and see how players are positioned. And the moment that they get in troubled waters, they start making losses. The market conditions aren't that good for them anymore. We basically push a little bit on the wound and take the other side of the trade. If there are a lot of shorts underwater, we start to notice that and people start to bid it up. We start buying that specific asset or longing it.
Speaker C: Right. So it's a combination of the first one you've explained, funding, ARp and delta neutral strategy, and the other one is actually then a delta directional strategy where for probably a short period of time, you would have directional exposure to the market, given on what you've discovered in order books and order flows. So why do you think that you can extract that alpha in a better way or in a good way compared to some of the other people? Because funding radar is something that a lot of people do. There's a lot of multi strat quant funds out there that would essentially do and run the same strategy. What's your edge there compared to competition?
Speaker D: My edge is, first of all, the way that we build our systems, it's very scalable. So it's easy for us to implement a new exchange without having to do a lot of work. The moment that we change our API, it automatically can work with those exchanges without us having to change any of our bots code or anything else besides that. The way that we enter these trades and find these trades are very efficient, and we get most of our yield, actually, just by entering the trade in a very unique way when it comes to crossfunding arbitrage, compared to just taking from the market, market buying or just taking big orders. And we think that our edge mainly isn't there.
Speaker C: Okay, so you're providing liquidity, you're entering that trade with a limit order, and you're waiting to get filled, and you have no urgency on the trade?
Speaker D: No, it's not really that. But the thing is, if I talk more about it, I'm going to give away the secret sauce, which I prefer not to do.
Speaker C: That's fine. Okay. So how big is the team there? I mean, is it you and how many other people?
Speaker D: It's me full time. And also Munir. Munir is someone who also has no background in the finance industry. He was a student in Brussels. He has a master's in AI and quickly after joined me with the firm. He's been working with me for around 1011 months now, and it's been going pretty well.
Speaker C: Okay, and do you have, do you have plans about adding more people? Because I guess a lot of investors are going to be shying away if they see just two people in the market. That's 24 7365, also on the weekend. And you're probably living in the same time zone. So are you running shifts? Are you the night owl staying up between 10:00 p.m. and 10:00 a.m. in the morning?
Speaker D: I'm definitely the night all. And he is purely focused on building the strategies that I give him or implementing some of our scripts. We're definitely looking to expand your team. Someone that's more experienced than Defi is definitely something that we want. And also, players in other time zones, like in USA and China, would definitely be handy for us, but that's something that we want to do the moment that we have secured our funding, because at the moment, I've already invested a large amount of capital just for the legal setup and all the rest. So first, going to make sure that we raise enough before investing even more.
Speaker C: Sure. No, that's interesting. Well, best of luck for the launch. I mean, that's clear. Related question maybe on, like, risk and risk management, and we know we didn't speak about custody or any of these type of things. So to the extent that you have your risk or have your exposure on these trading venues, I mean, how do you think about, like in cds and credit terms, how do you think about measuring counterparty risk exposure there, and how can you make sure, how do you think that you're fairly compensated for it?
Speaker D: Well, when it comes to centralized exchanges, it's, you know, they have a. I forgot the name insurance treasury. There's another name for it, but basically they have a sort of insurance treasury that they build up over time. You can see it with binance, BitMex, FTX, et cetera, and the fact that 99% of all their assets are stored on cold wallet. So I'm feeling very, when it comes to defi protocols, it's very difficult because there you have a lot of risk. When it comes to smart contract risk, if there is a flaw in the engine design, like you saw with drift, for example, when Luna was crashing, or that the chain goes down, which also happens, Solana has some experience with, but it's hard to calculate in. But since decentralized protocols in general, decentralized applications in general are fairly capital limited. We don't really have a lot of exposure there anyways.
Speaker C: Okay, now you said you're launching your fund in Luxembourg probably as a Civ or rave, because it needs to be an alternative investment fund. Why the choose of Luxembourg and not like Cayman, which seems to be the home for most ditch lasset hedge funds, because you can get to launch quicker and in a cheaper way compared to Luxembourg. Why specifically Luxembourg? Are you looking to target a lot of european investors?
Speaker D: Yeah, definitely. And before we even started the fund, there was some interest from a big financial institution here in Belgium. And while they were not comfortable with investing in a fund in Cayman because it doesn't have the best reputation and especially because it's already crypto, they see it as a risky investment. Combine that with Cayman, it raises a lot of red flags for them. And also there are some benefits when it comes to taxation. When you are in Luxembourg, carefully tax transparent, and if you are in the EU, that gives some benefits.
Speaker C: Okay, so are there any other type of assets that you trade except for the ones where you can actually run funding, ARp or like the order flow type of strategies on? I mean, you're dabbling in nfts or anything like that?
Speaker D: I do dabble with nfts a lot. I'm a big fan of the budgie penguins. The community is extremely nice. The ladies, too. Something that I've been looking at lately is market making on nfts, which sounds very strange, but since the industry has really evolved, as in you can place collection offers and then you have a lot of different amms, there are some nice arbitrage opportunities in there when there's a big price movement. And I've been playing around with that in a limited capacity and thinking of scaling it out.
Speaker C: And that would also be a strategy that would live inside the fund?
Speaker D: That would, yeah, that would definitely. But we're still testing it out to see if it's really scalable.
Speaker C: Okay, well, great. I mean, well, first of all, on behalf of all of us, I guess, best of luck with the upcoming launch. I know it's a difficult market environment, but I hope you'll make it and build the team around it. Good returns and, I mean, that would be great. The more good traders, the more good hedge funds we have in the space, the better it is. So thank you very much, Casper. That was interesting.
Speaker D: Thank you.
Speaker B: Hey, guys. That was a great conversation. I really loved how you guys talked about Casper and how he got into crypto trading at 16. He's setting up the fund in Luxembourg, and it's launching soon. You guys talked about the team that's bootstrapping this, but here are my key takeaways. Well, first, with Casper, the inefficiencies he's targeting is cross funding arbitrage, delta neutral strategy. He's paid too long on one exchange and paid to short another. You guys are profiting from the funding rate and also from the spread. He's also looking at directional trading strategies, looking for firms that are in troubled waters to push a little bit on the wound, so to speak. And although cross funding arbitrage is a common strategy, his funds edge is that you guys have a scalable system when it comes to risk management and counterparty risk. With centralized exchanges, they have an insurance treasury, and so. And a lot of the funds are also on cold storage. So it's secure. There's not a lot of exposure there. And then also in terms of assets, what's really, what I really found interesting is that you are dabbling with NFTs, looking at opportunities for market making. With NFTs, as the market's getting more evolved, there's an opportunity for arbitrage there. Obviously, you guys are still testing it, but it's going to be interesting to see how that develops over time. So those are the three things that stood out to me the most. Moritz, is there anything that you'd like to add to that?
Speaker C: Mike, yeah, maybe just final thoughts on these exchanges. I agree with Casper that in prior years we had a lot of attacks happening on centralized venues where essentially a hot wallet got drained and coins and tokens were lost. It's been a while since we've seen the last major attack there, or the math, maybe it hasn't been reported, maybe I've overlooked it, but it seems to me that most of the risk now lives in interoperability, in deFi, and it's protocol risk bridges and stuff where stuff goes wrong. But nevertheless, as you know, with exponential age, we speak and I speak. The team speaks to a lot of digital asset hedge funds. There's now more than 2000 in the Vision Hill database that includes VC. But really, the number of digital asset hedge funds has mushroomed in the last year. So Casper is looking to start a business around that. But the space is becoming more professional, the space is becoming more competitive. And in this new world, where we now have positive interest rates and you can get to BBB investment grade, US dollar credit pays you seven or 8%, that's a hurdle that any type of crypto strategy that's alpha seeking Delta neutral market neutral needs to come over. And so that also brings up the question, like, are you fairly compensated for all the risks that you're taking as a trader? Are you fairly compensated for liquidity risk? Are you fairly compensated for volume risk? Are you fairly compensated for delta risk? Are you fairly compensated for counterparty credit risk? And we don't see cds as trading for derivative or FTX. And you could say, oh, SPF probably has so much money he could bail everybody out. And to an extent, he does do that. Some exchanges, such as Darabit, for instance, they have been attacked and they have bailed their people out through a token and these type of things. But that is all in the past. That doesn't mean that it's going to happen exactly in the same way in the future. And also, the probability of an exchange attack is clearly not zero. It is a non zero. Maybe it's a low probability event now, but it's not a non zero probability event. So from a professional trading perspective, you kind of have to build that framework and start thinking about, okay, where am I exposed to? Where are my assets? Who has control over them? How quickly can I get them back? And do I actually get fair compensation for the risk that I have either in transit or on deposit at custody, wherever they are held? And what are they doing with it? That is clearly, that is one of the questions which at exponential age, we are asking our traders or people that want money from us over and over and over again. And we clearly demand, we don't demand perfect answers, but we want people to think about this and be aware of it and not be nonchalant. Oh, it doesn't matter. Nothing's going to happen. That answer isn't good enough.
Speaker B: Raoul. Yeah, I totally understand. How about you, Casper? Any final thoughts? And also, I'd like to ask you, what do you think about what's going on in the wider crypto market in general?
Speaker D: The wider crypto market in general? Well, I'm pretty excited overall. We have the ethereum merge, which happened successfully. We're almost deflationary. The volatility is picking back up again. Liquidity is also improving overall on the markets. So I'm pretty excited for it. And we've been in a bear market going sideways for over half a year, in a bear market for over a year. So I'm overall pretty bullish, and I feel very good about it all now with regulation coming. It has some downsides with some things I don't agree with, some things I do agree, but I'm just happy that there's now establishing a legal framework that we can actually use as professionals and build around instead of being in a sort of gray area or feeling insecure about what's going to happen when the rules come. So overall, pretty excited. One thing that I still wanted to add about the stablecoin talk that you had earlier, I do think that the euro pairs will overall gain more volume, not only because of the mika law, which limits a withdrawal of $200 million in stablecoins a day maximum. Well, non euro stable coins maximum a day. And now also circle creating the euro circle stable coin. So that's also something that's happening that I find quite interesting.
Speaker B: Awesome. Well, it looks like we have some viewer questions. I'm going to start with the first one here from Bass poot. He's asking to Casper. Casper, is your fund more interested in hiring crypto native people or trade fi people?
Speaker D: I prefer crypto native people, but I'm open to any.
Speaker B: Okay, cool, cool, cool. And the next question here from Richard Barnard on YouTube. Casper, any thoughts on the tron chain USD stablecoin, which is algorithmic stablecoin?
Speaker D: Well, it's a uncollateralized stablecoin, which tries to copy the terra USD. Well, the terra USD logic. USD logic, which I'm personally not really a fan of. And I honestly don't really have high hopes for it. There's also a. I think it was a ten or 20% yield and even today it was almost trading at personally don't really have high hopes for it, and I'm curious to see how long it will survive.
Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely. How about you, Moritz? Do you have any thoughts on the tranchain USDD stablecoin? I mean, other than what we spoke about earlier.
Speaker C: Never heard of it. I don't know it. But when Casper says it's built like Tara, then. And you know, I'm staying away from that. Sure.
Speaker B: Oh, well, that's great. That's great. Well, that's it for viewer questions. Thank you both again for this fascinating conversation. And that's it for today's show. Don't forget to subscribe, everyone. Real vision crypto is free. We also have some paid content. If you're looking for professional grade crypto research, scan the QR code on the screen to find out more. And for those of you watching on YouTube, smash everything. The like button, the bell and the subscribe button. Tomorrow we've got Rab Massey from Deloitte and we're going to find out how the world's biggest accounting firm is dealing with crypto. You don't want to miss it. See you tomorrow at 12:00 p.m. eastern, live on real vision crypto, daily briefing.
