Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling wherever you sell. With Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your dollar one per month trial period@shopify.com. tech all lowercase. That's Shopify.com tech. Hey visionaries. Today's episode is brought to you by Polkadot, a leading layer zero blockchain with over 2000 developers. It's a network protocol that allows arbitrary data, not just tokens, to be transferred across blockchains. Listen to what Polkadot creator Gavin Wood tells Raoul about Polkadot's coming jam chain, short for join accumulate machine.
Speaker B: So what we're doing is we're turning what used to be the Polkadot relay chain built for a very specific purpose to secure and relay messages between separate blockchain ecosystems. And we're turning that into something much more akin to this world computer, this ubiquitous multi core singleton virtual machine.
Speaker A: Learn more and join the community now by going to realvision.com polkadot.
Speaker B: Welcome everybody to the usual chaos of I don't know what the fuck I'm doing. You see for you guys, you're watching me. I'm watching me too, staring at screen and can't see any of you. So it's the kind of weirdest thing but I kind of enjoy it and usually it's a bit of fun. So we this, in this episode of Drinks with Rel, we're going to be talking drinks obviously culture because you guys are filler science and we need to culturally, if I think about our YouTube channel, its like average age between 30 and 40. You guys have now got kids or youre thinking about it and suddenly you realize youve got to grow up and so somehow you need to be able to go to a nice restaurant, order some wine and know how to behave. So Im going to teach you that and then Im going to teach you about the banana zone and then Im going to teach you about the economic singularity and then were going to have some questions. So there's a lot to pack in and I'm going to talk a bit of food as well because I think it's important. And I've got dinner tonight so I can talk you through that. But before I start, I'm going to pester you a few times on this is click the fucking button to subscribe to this. I'm not doing this for no reason. This dog and pony show of me getting drunk at 330 in an afternoon. And by the way, that's Paul Guerra's fault. I'm going to blame him. He claims it's not his fault, but Paul, who runs on social media, has got me doing this at 330. Who drinks at 330? This is not civilized. Right. Civilization really suffer. But he's from South America. He doesn't understand civilization, so that's fine. And for the Aussies joining us, as ever, please feel free to have your breakfast beer, because that's what you guys will do. So let's start talking first about the important things. The really important thing. Bananas and all of that. Yeah, whatever. Whatever. First, what are we drinking? That's good. Okay. So last episode, we were drinking a very rare Rioja. It's difficult to find, and it was exceptional. This time we're going to jot across to France or jot up to France now with red wines. You'd find amazing red wines all across the world, from Lebanon to Argentina. But when it comes to. Well, you know, there's certain places that do things very well, and there's a certain region of France that does what it does better than anywhere else in the planet. Firstly, the region of Burgundy makes the best pinot noir in the world. Nothing else comes close. Everything else is kind of stupid. Extracted, fruity mess. Burgundy Pinot Noir from Burgundy is exceptional. But when it comes to whites, the white burgundies, there is literally no competition of all white wines. Nothing comes close. Champagne, maybe, but that's it. So what I have here is an exceptionally beautiful wine, which is a meaux massau, like all of the wines of Burgundy, are all 100% chardonnay, so it has that butteriness. Slight vanilla, slight whiff of oak. Delicious. Now, Merceau is slightly further south, so it's more concentrated, so it's butterier, and it's got a bit kind of like stewed pineapple y kind of slightly stronger flavors. My actual favorite wines of burgundy are probably, well, Batar. Montrochet. So you would spell that Montrachet or Montrechet if you're doing it, um, Batard. That is unbiable. It's just bloody expensive. Got a bottle here. It's like $800. Stupid. In the middle is chassis Montrochet, which is kind of lemony, but still that beautiful chardonnay. Quite elegant. Sometimes they add a bit. They've. They've moved up the alcohol levels a bit, so it's a bit sweeter than it used to be. This is this Robert Parkerization of wine I've talked about. And then you get to pulini Montrochet, which is, like, just beautiful. It's got kind of this flinty mineralness of the soil, which is quite dry, and it's got this perfect balance. And these wines are magnificent. So merceau, lovely as ever. I'll show you the bottle. It's not a fine grower. Louis Latour is a negotiat. He sells it. So this is from various vineyards. But I didn't want to give you a wine that was unbiable, but most so you will find fabulous. You can find this pretty easily. Louis Latour or any of these. So that's the merceau. Now, to go with it, obviously, I have my famous bowl of nuts. Sometimes I would have cheese or jamon from Spain or crostini or something like that. But today I've gone yet again for the pumpkin seeds. These are roasted in the oven with extra virgin olive oil. This is spanish olive oil, because Spain is the largest producer of olive oil in the world, and I have spent a long time in Spain, I've had a house there for 20 years. Spanish olive oil, I find particularly good pumpkin seeds. So I roast these, drizzle some olive oil on them, and then today I've got them with. So Malden is the king of salt. But I'm trying to get that so you can see it. You can't. Malden is the king of salt. It's from England. It's sea salt flakes. This is a smoked flavour to give a bit of extra depth to the nuts, a bit more umami. So that's what we've got with that today. So we've got delicious snacks to go with it. Delicious glass of wine. And tonight, I'm trying not to get shit faced today because I've got a guest for dinner who's the lawyer from real vision, who happens to be here in Cayman for the week. Chris. And we've got sous vide steaks. I've got three inch thick ribeye, which I cut off the bone, and I've put them in a sous vide. So that's a vacuum sealed bag in a water bath. So I've got a big sous vide machine. You can buy the handheld ones, and what it does is cooks it in water so you can't overcook it. So you get it to the perfect temperature, 132 degrees Fahrenheit. That's exactly the temperature of a medium rare, just to the slightly low side. And then what you do is I seasoned it with some amazing, again, some smoked salts and pepper, a couple of spices here and there. It then cooks for 4 hours. You can't overcook it because it just takes it to the temperature of the water, which is really clever. And then you put it onto the super hot grilled just to sear it to get the caramelization of the fats and the meat. And I've got that with a beautiful rocket salad, toasted pine nuts, sliced tomato, olive oil, parmesan shavings, simple dinner and we're serving it with a bottle of Rioca. Now what have we got? Vinia Bosconia, I think it's a 94. Bosconia is one of the great wines of Spain. It's the sister wine to Vinia Todonia that I've talked about before, which is literally my favorite wine in Spain. My favorite wine in the entire world is Vigna Todonia 1970. Very hard to buy, but me, it's good. It's like silk and strawberries. 1972. Years younger than me. Anyway, so that's that. So I'm going to go put my wine back in the fridge. But this is an important point. We've got questions coming in a second and well, later on in the show you can't ask me questions on YouTube. So you little lazy fuckers need to spend the time when I go to the fridge to go to realvision.com comma, sign up, it's free. Or you can use the weird whatever thing, the square with your camera, the QR code. You can go and do that, go over there because then you can ask me questions and you'll be blown away by the difference of the experience on real vision platform with the AI, the charts, the data center, the amazing note taking section, the incredible new trade templates which I'll talk to you more about, probably another time, but that's ridiculously cool. And the community to network within the real vision community, which is the smartest network in the world. Incredible stuff. So do me a favorite of just go over to rosen.com dot. It doesnt cost a bloody thing and its going to take you less time than it takes me. Literally its going to be 5 seconds. Go there, put your details in, come back. Ill go put my wine back in the fridge because I dont want to drink warm white wine because Im not a Philistine, so Im going to be back in a second. Youve got time to go and do that. Subscribe to the YouTube channel and you guys who are in YouTube and for some reason youre too fucking lazy to go across the realvision.com? are we just rude? You can still help me in the YouTube channel by populating the comments section with what your favorite wine is so we can all learn from each other about some great wines and give us a reason why. But I still. I don't really understand why you wouldn't go to realvision.com. because I'm asking you. Anyway. I'm going to put this back in the fridge. I'll be back in a sec. Once you've signed up, everyone to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners, we'll be right back. Hi, you. Hey. Listen, if you're enjoying this, come and see me on the YouTube channel. Raoul, pal, the journeyman. Sign up there. Get everything I ever do. See you there. Whoa. Landing an account this big will totally change my landscaping business. It's gonna mean hiring more guys and more equipment and new trucks for the new guys to drive the new equipment in. I don't know if I'm ready.
Speaker A: You can do this. And Ford Pro finsimple can help. Our experts are ready to make growing pains less painful for your business with flexible financing solutions that meet the needs of your business today when you need them. Get started@fordpro.com. financing.
Speaker B: Did you do it? You sure? You subscribe to the YouTube channel, right? Let's go. Let's talk fucking bananas. Banana zone. Most of you who are on Twitter have seen me talk about the banana zone. This is a concept that Julian bittle and myself introduced back in August when we were actually talking about the banana zone of Q four, when we started saying the liquidity profile, the pre election year. All of this leads to a melt up in assets in Q four. And we started with the banana zone. We even had some memes of bananas in pajamas and did this ridiculous thing. Anyway, it paid off perfectly. But the banana zone is a much bigger concept, and I put a big, long tweet thread that I urge you to read about it and I know a lot of you have. It was hugely well received, explaining that it's not just, oh, Raoul's posted a chart that crypto goes up like this at the end of the cycle. It's nothing to do with that. Its why. Its about liquidity. Its about liquidity cycles. Its about debt refinancing. Its about the everything code. And if you havent watched the everything code, you dont know what it is. Urge you to watch the video on this channel. Raoul, pal, the journeyman. Its so important, I cant express. And then watch the major updates. I did the big crypto updates. Itll tell you all about this. But anyway, the banana zone is that period when you transition out of macro crypto spring into crypto macro summer. Now, it happens to bizarrely coincide with the transition to summer that many of us are having. I mean, the cayman answer is summer all the time. I know your heart bleeds for me, but some of us got to live this life. I take it seriously. So the banana zone is when that happens. Usually after the halving, there's this consolidation period, down 20%, chopping around usual stuff, and then it starts gathering, gathering, gathering, and then it goes crazy. So let me show you a couple of charts on this, just so we're on the same page. So this is global liquidity. This is the GMI global liquidity. This was on that tweet thread. Now, its a very colorful chart. You probably cant read it. If youre colorblind, youre totally fucked. But what it says is the yellow periods are summer. In summer, what we find is liquidity increases its global liquidity. Not us liquidity. Global liquidity. So in summer, liquidity starts increasing, obviously 2020, because of the pandemic, it went bananas. But 2016, 2012, these were good periods for liquidity. And guess what? Crypto technology, they all rose. Then you get into fall. Fall is often when the real fireworks happen. Liquidity keeps pumping and then eventually tops out into winter. That's when you get the corrections, the crypto down cycles. So we've got the best two parts of the cycle to come. Obviously the best entry was at the bottom of winter. That's when I was buying Solana Ethereum all back then. And then ive obviously switched around. So im pretty much 100% Solana right now, outside of small meme stuff and other bits and pieces, because the Solana bitcoin cross chart, Solana Eth cross chart looks so compelling that Im like, if my job here is to make as much money as possible, im just going to own the thing that I think is going to go up the most. So that was the view I had. You will have a different way, but please don't get stuck into a narrative. You're still stuck in some fucking token from three cycles ago, because somebody's telling you that it's going to definitely be the next big thing. It's not big thing. After three cycles, two cycles, it's not going to be the big thing. So just try and make money. I'm trying to allow you not to fuck this up. Don't fuck this up as the key mantra. When you've got a liquidity cycle ahead of you like this, please take advantage of it. The next part of that is the Nasdaq. Maybe you're not crypto people, but God, tech does well in crypto summer. We had an astonishing year last year, long tech all year astonishingly good year in tech. And it's only going to get crazy. And I'll talk about tech a lot later when I'm talking about where this is all going and why. You've only got six years to save yourselves before the world gets a little crazy. But in tech, it is fall. That is the big period. The later part of the season is when it goes really bananas. Thats after the election. This is the same as the election cycle. The election years are in yellow, then the post election years. That tends to happen. So liquidity is going to pump into the system. Its going to come from different measures. Im sure theres going to be questions about this in the chat on real vision, realvision.com dot. If youve not gone there, im not going to talk to you ever again. If you do come across the realvision.com comma, ill say hi and ill be very grateful and its free and im there to ask some questions. Okay. Nasdaq Crypto, because youre all crypto junkies. And the reason youre crypto junkies is it makes more money than anything else. I get it. Thats the point. Thats the point of investing is to make as much money as possible. So yellow in the summer tends to be decent. But you get there's been two cycles where fall was bananas, total bananas, and then you had the last fall in 2021, which was less. So it's because the liquidity came earlier in 2020. So we don't know how it's going to play out. But this is how it should play out is here's a chart from exponential age asset management, which is my fund of hedge funds. It's an asset management firm that invests in the world's best hedge funds. To capture this trend of going from $2.5 billion where the market cap is now, to 10 trillion where ten to 15 trillion where it is this cycle, and then to 100 trillion where I think it goes by, let's say 2032, 2034, something like that, this is going to be the biggest, largest, fastest accumulation of wealth in all human history. Thats why I keep saying dont fuck this up. Thats why I have a long term time horizon. Thats why dont trade around this. Just let it do its job. So heres when we talk about doing its job. So we look at the bottom, the highest return section, and the lowest return section. So out of the three years, crypto, spring, macro, spring, summer, and fall, crypto is the best performing asset in the world. In the next year, in fall, it's the worst performing asset. Okay, so that's what you get. But when you look at the accumulative returns, Nasdaq since 2011 has done 769%. That's amazing. 17% a year. Well, bitcoin's done 20 million% at 139% annualized. Ethereum, 324% at 146% annualized. And Solana, which is a shorter history, 8300% at 203% annualized. These are bonkers. These are bonkers returns, considering in the middle of those, you've had several down 80% corrections, which is why even the big corrections, how terrible they are, they're all noise. If you just hold on, you're generating between 140 and 200% a year. I mean, Solana is at 240%, and it went down 94% in 2022. That's how good this asset is. It's an alien asset class. And I know I bleed up a lot about it, and a lot of you still not yet comfortable with it. But I can't help you anymore that I'm trying to help you to see what this is. Its a fucking gift. Its the greatest gift wed ever been given. So heres the final thing. This is the banana zone. Why its called the banana zone? Its because the chart a, looks like a banana, and b, everything goes bananas. And that comes after the halving. After this consolidation. It does this. Will it be identical? Is 300 grand the price target? I dont know, but it will go bananas unless something dramatic changes. And I do eight enormous amount of work on this in global macro investor. And is this chart up on the screen? I'm not sure it is. Okay. Okay. I think I've got delay. And so I do an enormous amount of work. There's literally thousands of pages of research from julian bittle and myself on this. So this is not just some flippant comments. We'd see liquidity rising going forwards. Theres sources of liquidity everywhere, from the Fed cutting rate, from the treasury draining the general account, to the Fed cutting QT, to potentially the treasury offering some liquidity provisions to China so they can manage the debt deflation. Theyre starved of dollars. Something with Japan, who also needs dollars because theres their currency, has been collapsing. There is a lot of opportunities. The Europeans are going to cut rates. The UK are going to cut rates. There's a lot of opportunity for liquidity. The Fed may, let's say, spin up a special purpose vehicle to get rid of commercial real estate from the banks, who knows? But the cowbell is coming, listen out for it. It's already starting, so the banana zone is all cowbell and markets going parabolic. So hopefully that gives you some understanding of what I think lies ahead. Will it be perfect? No. Does it chop around here for another month or two? Could do. Does it finish? If I look at the previous cycles, two of them ended in the third week of May, the consolidation, and then went, and the other one was July 2020. But 2020 was weird because we had the pandemic in the middle. It's kind of scurry cycle. So I don't know, it's close. They all like that, making perfect wedge patterns, all of that. Everything else seems good. What's also great about macro spring, sorry, yeah, macro summer and fall, is that you can basically take any asset, it's going to go up. So all commodities, those of you who love commodities, copper's done well. It'll go up. Gold will go up, oil eventually will do, doesn't feel great right now. Oil stocks will, mining stocks will. All cyclical plays will. Tech stocks, semiconductors, they all do phenomenally well. Crypto does. So you can be the moron, which is a nice way to be in markets. Nobody wants to try and overthink stuff, and pretty much anything you buy will go up, but some things will go up more than others. That's how I look at the world. Everything's, everything's fucking correlated. Everything. The everything code cycle of the four year debt refi cycle means that everything gets correlated. A few assets lead, crypto and tech, others follow the business cycle. The business cycle is bottoming, so they all bottom, but they're all correlated. Everything's correlated. So for me, I like to keep everything really moronically simple. If everything's correlated, then there is no such thing as diversification. In fact, I made a big presentation to big families, family, office, network, lots of very famous, us gigantically wealthy families, and my presentation is, diversification is dead. And I just said, listen, so all you do, if thats the case, you just look at all the charts and we got to, hey, the best performing stock market in the world is the Nasdaq. Isnt it amazing? Technology, youll get technology and theyre like, yeah, okay, were investing in this. We can see the AI revolution, the robots and everything else, we get it. Technology, I'm like, yeah, divide the Nasdaq chart by bitcoin, and Nasdaq is down 99.93%. I'm like, you're in the wrong asset. It's as simple as that. It's a supermassive black hole. So anyway, enough boring you on crypto, let's talk a bit about, no, actually, let's just finish up on crypto. It is really important to me when I set up this whole thing for real vision to guide people through this massive transition, this transition into a new system where the old system is broken. We're forced to speculate the system is rigged against us. Asset prices keep going up, wages don't go up. Everybody's polarized, everybody hates each other. You throw in immigration, global trade, you throw in aging populations, you throw in AI, robotics. This is not easy for anybody. Everybody just feels like it's out of their control. And I get it, but youve been given the gift. Crypto is the gift. And all you have to do is not fuck this up. So we did start because we have in real vision an amazing pro crypto community and product. But its expensive. Its like three and a half grand because its for those people who really want to master and go on the journey from knowledge to wisdom. And theres all sorts of incredible content there, but its expensive for most people. People just want a bit of help. So we recently launched the rv crypto service. It's for you guys, it's cheap as chips. Please just join it if you want some help, if you want to not fuck this up. So it's realvision.com rvC launch. So this is, we can blame Laura for these. Laura makes these so she can say, well, Raoul, you didn't drive any traffic to that. That was a terrible, terrible show. So she tracks everything that I do, probably rightly so. So for Laura's sake, if you are interested, just click on that so at least I can say I drove traffic, you know, you can read the landing page, see what it's about. So at least Laura doesn't shout at me. I feel like I've done my job, CEO, trying to promote stuff. So go and do that as well. And I'd be, I'd be very grateful. It's, look, we built it for you. I don't build it for me. I don't need a shit. You guys do. Ive been doing crypto since 2013. I kind of know my way around the bits that I know and the bits that I dont know. I figure out different ways of doing it. Like setting up a fund of hedge funds to invest in hedge funds who can catch the next great thing because im just not good enough to do that. I can do the big trades but not the stuff that can really move the dial because its hard but real vision crypto allows you, well permissions you to do the degenering to get involved but it'll help you in how to do it. There's a sister product as well which is the crypto academy which has got amazing lessons in how to do it. So anyway I'm trying to help you. I don't want people to come to me at the end of this cycle this up. I didn't get it right. I was holding XRP for the whole thing and everybody else made 50 x and I made three x. It's not slow on XRP but it's just please try to get this right. I'm so passionate about it because we have six years I really think six years to sort this shit out for us. So I'm going to fill this up. I can't drink too much because the lawyer's coming right and my wife will kill me. So you again, if you're a bit late into this, we're just generally lazy. You probably, I don't know, you're probably in Florida or something so you're a bit lazy. Can't be bothered. Just can you just go to realvision.com and just sign up and then you can ask questions in that because we're going to be talking some heavy shit next. And then after that it's going to lead us into questions. So I'm going to go and refill my wine. I suggest you guys do as well. Click the subscribe button to the channel as well as the realvision.com. i know you can multitask. You're pretty smart if you're watching this. So you can do that. Leave a comment in YouTube of your favorite wine. I'd appreciate that because we will go through all of those and maybe we'll drink one of the wines at the next time around. I'll be back so sign up realvision.com dot, you know the thing or go to the real vision crypto RVC launch. That pleases Laura, keeps me happy, that kind of stuff. Go and do that. Right. You have to police me now. I'm not going to have another glass of wine. Why? Can't kill me. I'll be shit faced with a lawyer. I'll get myself fired somehow. Great thing about these pumpkin seeds is they're super healthy. There's no carbs in them. Protein, good oils, really healthy. Bolivia, no seed ship salt. Gives you the thirst and the hunger. Washes down the wine perfectly. But you don't drink wine on an empty stomach. Doesn't go to head everything else. So anyway, just teaching you lessons about how to live properly, because you guys all need help. As much as you need to understand how to trade crypto, you also need to understand how lifestyle works. Right? Thats getting some serious shit now settle down, have a drink. I think we have six years to make as much money as possible, and I dont say that lightly. This is again, Im very, as youve probably learned by now, Im trying to distill everything down into something clean and clear. But nothing I do doesnt come with that without hundreds if not thousands of pages of research. Global macro investor, where myself Julian Bittle, spent all the time doing the thinking, the researching, the writing that gets distilled into snippets. You see, whether it's on YouTube or Twitter or even in real vision pro macro subset of what I do, it's huge amounts of research for two of us. I don't know how we do it, but it's gigantic. David Matin came to join me at real vision at global Macro Investor because I wanted to write more about the exponential age of technology. And im like, I started an asset management firm to try and trade the tokens that I dont know how to do. I wanted somebody in technology who could help the global macro investor community get further in that understanding of the monumental changes that are coming. So we all know about the technological changes, that's all fine. I've talked about that ad nauseam. The exponential age, you know it, right? Robots, AI, genetic sciences, space travel, all of this stuff, Internet of things, everything's 3d printing, you name it, it's all happening. It's all happening at once. The fastest pace of change of technology in all recorded history. But when you start to apply economics to it, that's when it gets interesting. People talk about the singularity, when AI is smarter than all humans and this kind of stuff. So you can't even see into the future. Look at it. People talk very quickly, and I think it's now actually pretty mid curve of the analysis of like, well, jobs, well, they're going to go, what are people going to do? Universal basic income, you know, blah blah, blah blah blah. So many thousands of pages in every crappy newspaper that I read. Newspapers anymore, same old analysis. And I went back to the magic formula, the magic formula of GDP. Growth. In fact, I'm going to share the little thing because I want you to fully understand it. So I'm going to share another chart. I need to get to it. Okay. So this is the magic formula, and it's incredibly important. It's how is GDP growth or trend growth created? Well, it's created by population growth, productivity growth and debt growth. Those are the three component parts. What we've had to is we've had GDP declining over time, driven by an aging population. There's the aging population. It's been driving growth, lower productivity that's been falling, too. And debt growth has been rising. So I won't go through the whole thing because I shared all of this in great detail on real vision, pro macro today. So that's just a small part of what I'm talking about. But now you understand the magic formula. Let's just play around with that a little bit. So we're all seeing OpenAI's announcements yesterday and Google's today. But OpenAI, I think they are building AI using something very close to AGI, and they're building incrementally towards where they are with their technology. Sam Altman keeps saying, we're very cautious what we release. They know what they've got. They're working backwards, which is why every three months they totally blow up every competitor and everything. It's an astonishing. It's the fastest, most disruptive company in history in front of our eyes. It's la la land. Anyway, let's go back to the economics. The population side of the equation has been the great restriction or growth period of humanity. As global population grows, global gdp grows. If it shrinks, as I showed you in the charts, population growth starts to shrink because there's not enough people. You need productivity to get more out of those people. But old people are less productive. So when you've got an aging population, not easy. You can have a small population, that's fine, doesn't have to be growing much, as long as they're more productive. So India will have a big population, but it's getting more productive. So they benefit from both, which is why it's the fastest growing major economy in the world. When you add in this new world, this new world is where the things that were scarce, knowledge, become infinite and free. Lawyers, accountants, all of that kind of stuff. Just all knowledge. Finance, people, everything that becomes free. And the robots, well, that's physical labor for free. Sure. They won't be fixing your plumbing first. They'll be doing factory lines, and they'll be doing fast food and stuff like that. But what you've basically created is infinite productive units, infinite humans. A robot plus. And we can apply a car as a robot too, right, Tesla? A robot plus a AI replaces humans. Now, again, I'm not worried about the human replacement thing. And what are we all going to do? Oh my God. Oh my God. We'll figure that out. We're highly adaptive species. What I'm more interested in, what does an economy look like? And I've written about this in the exponentialist. I'll talk a bit about the exponentialist later because it is really special. But I've written about this, and David Matin talks about this a lot is okay. And there's a group at Oxford that have been looking at this as well. Okay, so under the magic formula, we're going to see more robots and more AI. And we've seen this in Amazon, where the robots are increasing while the human workforce is not. And over time, you'll have a massive difference between the humans and the robots. This is immigration growth, essentially population growth. And sometime after about 2030, it's going to be ubiquitous. And we're scaling everywhere AI agents, we're speaking to AI agents. There's no humans in any of this. But what it does is it creates ludicrous GDP growth. If the robot population of the world, let's say, gets to 8 billion robots, AI's, and it goes to 10 billion, 20 billion, you're doubling, tripling the population of the world. And this will happen fast. If crypto is going to get to 4 billion users by 2030 or so, well, AI is scaling faster than that. Crypto is the fastest adoption of any technology the world has ever seen. This is going to be everywhere. So what youre going to do is break the laws of economics sometime after 2030. Well, we dont even understand anymore whats going on because the scarcity models of how we think about economies disappear, then we think of the productivity part. Productivity is really how much output you get per kilojoule of energy. Now, the Europeans are really driving this by their massive monetary stimulus into green energy. They will bring down the cost of electricity over time through innovation, and they'll drop it by half, and nuclear will drop it by half again. And that will give us a three x multiplier on productivity, which has the multiplier effect on growth, which is being driven by the growth of the population of AI and robots. Okay, we're now in La La land. Economies don't mean anything. Scarcity doesn't mean anything. In a world of scarcity, what is money? Yes, there's some commodities, but the AI is allocating resources. The AGI helps you figure out logistics, supply chains, all of this in a way that we can't do as humans. So what the fuck is money? It changes. What do we need spending for if everything becomes hyper deflationary? How does any of this work? What happens when the AGI gets turned on stock markets? And it's not just Jim Simmons from Renaissance who can take everything. It's somebody else with an AGI who figures it out. Before you know it, it's won the markets. What are markets? What are companies? What are companies when Sam Altman is destroying every startup every three months because they're using AI to build AI, the product iteration cycle is so fast, the capital velocity and destruction cycle is unprecedented. It actually looks more like meme stocks. You start a business, it gets traction, gets attention, gets capital, gets disrupted. Some one, two, 3 may survive, but most won't. So the capital cycle becomes immensely short and very violent. And we're seeing that in meme coins. We're seeing it in icos back in 2017. That's where the world is going. Capital markets are not ready for this. VC is not ready for this. Private equity is not ready for this. The buy and hold of let's nurture this company ain't going to fucking work. They're going to have to tokenize this shit, and it is going to be complicated. How do you accumulate wealth? What does the stock market mean in all of this? Does it just move up and down with global GDP? Because the machines are in total control of everything and they understand every single nuance. Where's the edge? Where's the alpha? What do we do? I don't know. You say it becomes so complicated to think through the economics and investing choices that I just think, well, I think that's probably going to come by 2030. Certainly we'll see the changes where we won't quite understand what's going on, much like we didn't really understand what's been going on after 2008, after the great debt refi. So if that's the case, then we've got six years. Six years of fucking clarity. We know what we got. We got crypto and tech. We understand the everything code cycle. We understand there'll be a down year, 2026. I don't think it's a recession year. Maybe it is, maybe it isn't, don't really care. I think it's more likely to be like the mid to late nineties, which is a sideways consolidation correction year. Yeah sure. Crypto puke, because it does anyway. But maybe not. Maybe because of the 401 ks investing in bitcoin that it goes down 40%, not 80%. I don't know. We'll see. It doesn't really matter to me. I'm also going to put out a video about, I think comes out tomorrow actually, about when to sell because that's the question everybody asks me and it's not an easy answer, but that video comes out. So that's there as an evergreen piece. When to sell, when to get out, when to do what. But we've got six years with one down cycle in the middle to get to 2030. That's the game. The game is to be asking the robot on the beach, hey, can you bring me a bowl of almonds and maybe a nice pina colada as opposed to trying to figure out your fucking shit of how you're going to pay your school fee. What does anything mean? I dont really understand anything anymore. How do I invest? My 401K doesnt work. Nothing works. Now it sounds melodramatic, but its not going to be. Its not 2030 as a ddate, its a doom date. Its after that things are going to get really, really fucking weird. Theyre already starting to get weird. Its something we talk a lot. I think David Matins just put an update on the platform, on real vision platform. So I think it's available to all members. It might only be to exponentialist members, but the exponentialist, a product I wrote with David, put together with David Matin, who works with me at global Macro investor to specifically address this. How do we make money out of it and what does it mean for us? What does it mean for our jobs? What does it mean for our kids? It's a phenomenally interesting read. It's incredible. It's just very different to the usual kind of markets based stuff. You're going to get it and you're going to cherish it and read it every month. So I urge you to take trial of that. It's like realvision.com. six years. It's really fucking good. It'll just change your life, make you think, and you'll be more interesting at dinner parties, which God forbid you need because you're quite dull. So if you can go and talk about AI in the way that I did, that's how I got Rick Reader on the platform. It's fascinating. I went to one of our members houses for dinner in Palm beach and Rick Reeder was invited. I sat next to Rick and it's like difficult. The guy's a macro God and he kind of didn't know me. Even though we had a lot of mutual friends, which I was obviously upset about and hurt my ego. I'm like, do you not know who I am? Anyway, so Rick, so the conversation turned and I got the AI bit and I gave him the whole thing. And the fucking table's like, holy shit. Because people haven't thought it through. They're watching sound bites, snippets, they're reading something in whatever newspaper. They're not thinking it through. And you are not thinking this through. You're honestly not. What a time to be alive. It's amazing. It's going to be terrifying. But anyway, just go take a bloody free trial. Realvision.com six years. Because there is six years, I think, again, its not hyperbole, its not agora style copy shit. Its just true. This is how im thinking about it. What do you invest? Somebody came up in the conversation in pro macro today, its like, well, what the fuck do I own after I sell out my crypto? And you get to this realization that you dont own bonds or equities or anything because you dont really know. I end up buying high end nfts. I know I owe you guys all a piece on what ive been doing with xcopy and beeple, but there's a big thesis behind that. Again, it's not just a flippant thing. I think it's going to be lifestyle. It's a 60 40 portfolio. 40% lifestyle. Just keep banking that you want to live, you want to live, you want nature, you want friends, you want to live in a nice place. And 60% you have to run crazy, stupid fucking shit in crypto and technology kind of volatile world because everything else I just don't know its future. I honestly don't. So anyway, that's that. So I've talked way, way, way too long for an ama, so we can run a bit late because the law is not coming until hour and a half. So let's start getting some questions. So again, I'm going to repeat the thing. Firstly, subscribe to the YouTube channel. I don't get this over like 70,000 by the end of this. I'm just, I'm never turning up again. Or maybe I'll drink water. Water and a bag of crisps, salt and vinegar crisps. And then we'll see whether that works. Sorry, my wife's interrupted me in life. Said what? Are you after my vape? Sorry. She has a nicotine addiction. I don't, obviously, because I'm perfect. So like wine. I want your wine recommendations on YouTube. Come over to realvision.com. let's have some fun. We're going to ask some questions. I'll run a little late so we can keep going because I know a bunch of you in different places. Europeans are all shipfaced because it's really late now. And I appreciate you because you always are here. There's always a few Germans hanging out, drinking beer and I appreciate you for that. The Americans are now kicking into gear, starting as ever, what they do with whiskey. It's not a before dinner drink really. And it's not a during dinner drink. We've talked about this as well. It's an after dinner drink. But anyway, I can't educate a nation of 350 million people. We threw our tea in the harbour. I just can't help you. Okay, I'm going to start randomly. Peter Linton. This should be fun. Speaking of fun, nice to see roaring kitty. Wake up. I'm not sure it's him. Actually. I think it's somebody else running that account. Not related. I have no idea. I think it's very clever because they're not naming any securities so nobody can be done for pumping the market. And yes, maybe it's all fraudulent. However, just what I'm actually interested in is why this matters. And it matters because it shows you the speculative fervor and people that oh well, they need to jack up interest rates. No, it's because of fucking interest rates. It's because of the broken economy. It's because of the debts, because of the wages, because of the debasement. That's why people have to speculate. They've got no hope. And what its showing you is how desperate people are to make money. And Im so pissed off with people saying, well look at these fucking snide mid curvers, baby boomers like, well theyre just speculating. What do they know about anything? They dont have anything. They have to take risk. They have their 401k. They do what theyre told. Theyre left behind. So you can either spend 108 billion or whatever the Americans spend on the lottery with a one in 300 million chance or maybe a one in 20 million chance of winning a million bucks or you can get to the meme coin casino or the meme casino. You have better odds. So Im not going to judge people for any of that. And I think its important. Whats signal now. I think something weird is going on with this. Maybe im wrong, because, my God, the power of this again, the staggering power of mimetics narrative. Plus desperate people. This is what produces it. And if you get that right, you can make a lot of money, and youre all going to get. And some people go, yeah, but theyre all going to get burned. Well, fuck me, not all of them will. Right? Every single person who buys a lottery ticker will get burned except the one in 300 million. Vegas. The house always wins, and anybody can go to Vegas. I will not take that shit. Not that you gave me that, but I just thought it was a really interesting question, something im really passionate about. Read my tweet on this. My pinned tweet is all about this. Brian Clark. Toasted almonds ready. No almonds today. I need to broaden the snacks I'm showing you. I'm just too lazy to go and sort it out. It's usually just raiding the cupboard beforehand and then toasting something quickly in the oven when bananas own. Talked about this. Soon come. So Cayman Islands expression. Soon come. Um, Shafiq, any new opinion on ethereum? It looks like it'd be treated as a security. Nah, it's the usual. Just the sec trying to slow it down. They won't manage it. And who cares? Well, last thing I checked, GameStop was a security. It's just fucking gone up 150% into that. Nobody cares. It's just noise. Uh, mid. It's mid curve. It's the classic, the most mid curve thing. Regulation. Um, the other mid curve one was, well, look at energy it takes to mind bigger. So mid curve. So ignore the mid curve. Um, Warren, always enjoy drinks with chat. Um, my name's Raoul. Not chat. Drinks with Raoul. First time watching RV on the platform. Warren, I love you. You're a very, very fine Mandev, and I appreciate your generosity of spirit for joining us there. Enjoy the platform. Go and look around some cool shit. Look at that world, that globe. Click on that and expand it, and you can see the members. You can zoom down to single towns, and you see the members. We've got people in Lesotho, people in Angola, people in South Pacific, people in. I mean, literally everywhere in the world. It's mind blowing. Hey, whoever's showing this, zoom in. Just find a stupid place and zoom in on it. It's just incredible. Find a random place. Go to Africa. We're in America. There's a lot of Americans. It's got to go somewhere in Africa. And let's see who the members are. So I don't even know what country we're in right now. Uganda. We've got members in Uganda. I mean this is. I love real vision. You can contact all these people if you happen to be going to watch. Go and see the gorillas in Uganda. Hey, go and contact your mate in Uganda. He's on the real vision platform. I love it. I love it. It's just brilliant. Nothing else does this. Okay, next. Okay. I'm so far behind the questions. Quentin Bomgardner. Happy pre CPI day, everyone. Yeah, it should be weaker. You know, we do a lot of work on this. It should be weak. But if it is the bananas then may start. Cheers to that. Betsy Malone. Cheers. Hello, Betsy. Christ, I'm so far behind. Okay, I'm going to scroll down. I'm sorry. Mark Hawkins. No need for YouTube, I'm subscribed. Mark, you're a gentleman and a scholar. Benadette oversharing about charts. Peter Kostanovsky. What about Sui? I'm on the foundation. Can't really shill it. It's still not performing very well because there's a bunch of token unlocks. I think it's amazing project, amazing technology, amazing people. The advice I give for you is just look at the soul sui cross. And if it starts turning against that, its interesting. Thats the best advice ill give you. I actually like it. But. I like it. But Im not commenting about the price. Jeff White, you say that you like Eth versus Sol. No, sol versus eth and sol versus bitcoin. Im gonna go the wrong way around. What do you see in those shots that makes you bullish? How can you tell it out before? Okay, there's just a lot of technical analysis. There's chart patterns, looking for breakdowns, looking for divergences when they start breaking up against a falling wedge and stuff like this. There's a lot that goes into that. It's technical analysis. But you just need to watch this stuff like a hawk and learn to do it. It's very important. Chris. George. The rv platform is so much better. Thank you, Chris. Again, a gentleman and a scholar. James Jackson. Thank you for liking the cowbell meme video. Yeah, it's brilliant video, Chris. It was amazing. I loved it. Alexandro Palmer, what is your price range for Sol in 2025 at a 95% confidence level. Are you fucking kidding me? Alejandro 95% confidence in financial markets with a price target? No, just all of that is wrong. Every single part of it. Do your own work and Im going to be wrong. And then youll go. But you said it was going to go to blah, blah, blah and you lost me money. Im not interested in that nonsense. 95% price target. Thats the worst question ive heard in a long time. Thank you, Alessandra. I still love you for it, but I'm just trying to get you guys to think yourselves. I am no guru. I say that clearly. Alejandro Palmer. Alejandro, again, how can we benefit from what's happening in AI? Do you have any top three plays? So it's all in pro macro. It's all in the exponentialist. I talk about it all the time. Have a look at some of that. It's free. It's a free trial. Just go and steal the portfolio. Ewan McGregor. You're clearly not Ewan McGregor. You may be, but you're an imposter. What are your thoughts on ETH? Just found another six this week in an old wallet. All of my Eth is in NFts. I don't have any ETH as a trading position or investment position. I have a lot of these high end art nfts. I'm not thinking of it as ETH. I think normally ETH last cycle started out performing bitcoin, started basing around. Now the May June transition into crypto summer really doesn't pick up until later in the year, if that is the case. I'm expecting that. So I still think it's going to outperform for a while, but not yet. It's just figuring itself out. Bernadette, you're not boring us with crypto. Thank you. Bernadette, it's lovely that you're here. Andreas Werner, Raoul. What's your take on AI interference? And Tesla is one of the leading. If I understood what AI interference was and Tesla one of the leading companies in this regard, I'm super fucking bullish. Tesla, that's the best answer I can give you, James Jackson, tell Laura I love her. Tell Laura, well, she won't love you, James, unless you go and follow that link that I gave you. I'm going to repeat them because she'll say, James, he's all talk, no trousers. Realvision.com comma, RVC launch or realvision.com. six years. That's how you make laura appreciate you. If you don't, you're just another worthless person on the website. Jeffrey Mossat it feels like everyone's expecting this generational move in crypto in the next three to 18 months when everybody expects the outcome and an investing outcome that never happens. Why is this different? Look, there's a validity to that, but you need to understand why it happens. It's to do with liquidity. And there's a lot of research, but basically it's down to the governments can't pay the interest on the debt, so they have to inject liquidity. That's a four year cycle. It's not some magic mystery tour that crypto la la landers do. It's a real thing. So I don't think that stops. Could I be wrong? Of course I could be wrong. I've been wrong a few things. Trevor King Matic is down 50% while Solana is up 20 x in the last 16 months. I know last season's narratives, just avoid them. Timothy Harris Tim is always around. He's always a good guy. Always on the platform. Real vision crypto is an outstanding product. Go and get it in the real vision marketplace. That's real vision crypto.com dot. We can't use that. Tim. Tim, please. Laura's going to kill me. Can't just give away the marketplace link because then I don't get accreditation. She'll say I'm terrible at my job. It's all ugly. Real vision.com RVC launch and somebody's going to go, well, God, on YouTube. Well, this guy's always. Schilling is probably. How the fuck do you think I get paid to make this? Do I just think I just do this? Do you think I buy $100 bottles of wine just because of the sake of it? No. Keep you guys entertained. And you need to pay me by coming to real vision so we can employ all of these lovely staff. We've got two people on this call. You don't see them who have to pay them. Paul is south american. He's very needy. And Mario, we've got to look after these people. Okay, I'm going to scroll down a bit because I've been. Marcus Maligmarc's made a few comments. Exponential age is incredible. Thank you. Favorite wine. Peter. That was for YouTube. Not here, but I'll accepted the standish 2003 Barossa Valley. I should be going to Barossa in see my friend Jack Burstyn in the June. Soon I'll be in Singapore. I think we're organizing an event in Singapore. I'll be in, I think, Sydney, Melbourne and Perth. So I will come and see you guys and you can teach me how to drink beer for breakfast. I think you call it piss in Australia, which is. I think it's so civilized. I'm proud of you. Okay, moving down. Chad Hines. Hey, Raoul. Any thought on bricks? Any opportunity for retail investors, though, look of the bricks, theres any one that counts and thats India. Its a fabulous economy. It has the perfect demographics, it has low household debt, it is strongest economy and one of the fastest growing markets. Were entering the period where emerging markets tend to do well. We need the dollars to get weaker, so they should do well. Hi, Raoul. How's the misses doing with her climbing? Are you still enjoying your freedom? We shouldn't hear that. She's from New Jersey. She'll kill me. She is currently training for Denali. Denali is a very difficult mountain because. And you should follow her on Instagram, Anoosh, pal, she likes it. She's kind of millennial. She loves people following her on the Internet, he says on the Internet looking for followers. But. But Anoosh, pal, follow her adventure. She's not been patient for a while because she's been training. She's trying to keep up Instagram, but she's climbing Denali next. So Denali is the highest peak in North America. It is fucking cold. It's really miserable. She has to carry a sled with her all the way because there's no Sherpas, no camps. So it's actually a very difficult trek. So she's dreading it. So she's doing, I mean, she's literally doing 3 hours treadmills with weighted backpacks and it's crazy shit. And sleeping in a depleted oxygen tent in our spare room. And she's even set up her desk, her working desk or a chair that she works from in this oxygen tent that mimics being at 10,000ft. And then she ratchets it up as she goes. So it's extraordinary things. So she's got Denali in June. I'll see her in Spain in July. She's also doing Mont Blanc in July. And then she does. Next up is Everest next April and then the one in Papua New Guinea, Carson's peak later on. So, yeah, she's training hard. So she's still here right now. So I can't talk about the freedom yet. She goes in June, but then I've got to travel to Australia and Singapore. Um, Rel, I've had this question a lot from a lot of people. Do you think converting eth to soul here is still a good idea? Yes, soul will perform the whole cycle. Um, Doug Stober, this is a really fucking important question. Okay, Doug, I respect your forceful language. What brand is your t shirt? Where do you get them? Hard to find that neckline in the US. This, my friend, is a real vision shirt. It's a don't fuck this up. Go to realvision.com merch here. I'm shilling something else again. Merch stores fucking call this all sorts of good stuff. I wear this stuff all the time. Don't fuck these up. Hoodies. I've got just. It's just really cool. So this shirt's from there. Generally, I buy my shirts from John Vivatos. My t shirts just don't buy that. There's this weird linen one. They look amazing. They're so beautiful. They cost you, like, eye watering money. And you wash them once and they're the size of a postage stamp. Fucking worst things in the world. But all the other stuff, the John Vivata stuff I really like. You get some great necklines. They're all a bit looser or the v neck stuff like that. They're very cool, very nice. So that's that. Okay. God. Got a lot of questions. EtH is a security don't make curve it anything. And it's a security anything regulation. You're mid curving it. There are literally 8 billion people in the world, and Americans aren't the single most important people that ever lived, although you might think so. Crypto is a generational protest. Stan askew young people versus boomers. The fact that most beamers hate it is a bonus. Yes, absolutely. We all want our rebellion. And I love the anger because it makes me laugh. Adrian O'Sullivan. Number go up. Thank you. That is the least mid curve comment we've had so far. Okay, going down. Jenny or Jen I. I don't know who you are. Jen. I. Jenny, do you like natural wine? Drow trying anything from Prankaidh Cornelison? Yes, I do, actually. I actually really like natural wines. They're different. Also, like, there's some organic wines from Spain. I can't remember the grower now. Paris Baltas. Really nice. Yes, I do. I enjoy them. And they're much cleaner. The less kind of overdone. Ryan Pride. The team at real vision keeps putting out innovation after innovation. We're trying our fucking best, Brit. Strong money printer. Go burr. Price goes up. Thank you, Britt. This is the left side of the curve. This is where. This is what matters. Luddy. Hell. There's a lot of comments. Thank you. Thank you all from YouTube. You're missing out because all the cool kids are hanging out on real vision. And everyone's going to meet each other. They're probably going to have a party, drink wine together. And you guys on YouTube, you're just gonna be norman no mates. You're just gonna leave YouTube? You go back to your sad, slightly warm can of lager in the fridge. It was probably open yesterday. And wonder why everybody in real vision is having fun. B m n Y. I don't know. Pronounce that. Do you think government central banks would delay the destructive part of death? Debt, demographics, Dalio's 80 year empire cycle. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Death of end of the world. I'm wildly bullish. Debase the currency, financial repression. Just own the assets that go up, make a shit ton of money, and then we debase the debt away and we'll be okay. Gone is the risk of the 1929 end of the world. They've taken that entire laptail off the economy and of markets. It's like the best macro risk taking opportunity of all time. So I'm super happy. Anthony Grupuso. You sound like a guido, Anthony. Of course, you married a Jersey girl. I knew there'd be a reason I liked you. Probably a guido. But they're pretty tough. Pretty tough. You know, they swear a lot, they shout a lot. I love this Douglas Finston old school question. Are bonds dead in the water? No, I think bonds will do fine. Gone are the days of the buy bonds where diamonds trade because of the issuance. I think they'll be fine. We'll see if in the CPI tomorrow, but I think it's fine. I think they have to bring yields down to trend rate of GDP. Nominal trend rate of GDP. So if trend rate of GDP is 1.75% in real terms, add trend rate of inflation at two, two and a half, you get to roughly where they need to get to and they need to get to below. So that's what. Let's call it two. That's three and a quarter. Call it 4%. They're currently above that. They need to get below to have financial repression. So I think they come down to three, two and a half on the low end. So there's a trade there. But just when you look at other trades, some of us need to have bonds. We need to run portfolios. Your raas. I get it. Trey Poirier. Kill one, fuck one, marry one, marry bitcoin buck Sol, kill eth. John Bain. At least we don't get scam ads like you do on YouTube. I know it's a happy place here. Real vision. Raoul would love to know your vision for Polkadot. Do you think this crypto project is a good opportunity? I see so many updates yesterday. So Gavin Wood interview is out Friday. I don't have a position in Polkadot. I've always been interested in it. I've always believed in what they're trying to do. There's a massive overhaul coming. Let's see how they do. But super interesting. And the Gavin conversation was fabulous. Really good. He's a really great guy. Lovely. We've got spaces coming as him, too. That was Paul. Gary. You didn't hear him? Paul came like the voice of God. And there's a space coming, so we've got Twitter spaces for those of you who don't get a chance to watch the video. Gujar Viper. Do you think near will pull a Solana from last cycle? I don't own near. I don't really know enough about it, but it comes up as a name that could have been one of the Solanas from the last cycle. It's in that list, like the Swiss, Celestia Nier. There's a bunch of these, so it's possible. Andreas Veska, Raoul. Thinking about savings. What percentage would you keep in the bank versus long term investment in crypto? So what I keep in the bank is what I need to pay the bills for. I'm literally not joking. I don't have very, very, very little cash savings in dollars. Because, look, if you're in the banana zone, that's going to cost you a shit ton of missed opportunity. Now, not everybody should think like me. Don't take that for me. I don't know your own position, but that's how I do it. Jack Heike, not going to fuck this up. Thank you, Jack. Hopefully you've subscribed to the real vision crypto, maybe the crypto academy, and maybe you're going to not lose your mind when we hit the banana zone and you want to buy the most stupid shit in the world. You're going to keep this, the exponential portfolio in crypto or any stocks? There's actually a couple of cryptos in it just to represent it. Uh, it's mainly stocks, but there's like. I think it's mainly ethan bitcoin right now. We're not trying to replicate what's in GMI or in pro macro. Bob Gaia. Love the Rioja alta recommendation from last time. Fantastic wine. Thanks, mate. Honestly, if Meursault is one of the great white wines of the world, so I think you'd enjoy that, too. I will try and blend it up, but I drink a lot of rioka. I have a lot of. If we can do these later than 330, I'm not going to fucking tuck into a bottle of Chateau Margaux at 330 in the afternoon. That's crazy. So if we do these a little bit later, then I can have some nicer wine. Final question, Timothy Algin. I'm contemplating shifting my bitcoin mining company stocks to Tesla at the peak of the banana as best as I can determine. Is that too long to hold out? I dont know. The best thing to do is run your chart of marrow versus Tesla and see it that way. Thats all I do. Im no genius on this stuff. Its not like im looking at forward looking earnings. I draw the fucking chart and then have a big thesis on it. Anyway we have overshot. Weve had a lot of fun. I've tried to educate you guys and really appreciate. Again as ever, please sign up to the YouTube channel. Just press that bloody button. Notifications help leave me your best wine recommendation. There. That gets the comment section alive. That means I'll come back. Because if you don't, then I just won't come back anymore. And that will be heartbreaking. Those of you who came across to the channel for the first time, welcome to real vision. It's a fucking revolution. We've built something incredibly special for you. And the best thing about it is the community who's here already. They're amazing people. So really, really enjoy yourselves. It's free, you'll have fun. And then. Look, if you need some help in the crypto, you don't want to fuck it up. You got the details for that? Then to shill you yet again. And the exponentialist that is for people who really want to think this thing through and they want to be the smartest, most engaging person at a dinner party and get to interview Rick Reader. That's all I'm saying. If you want to interview cool people and hang out with cool people, you need to think cool things and learn cool stuff. Anyway, that's it. My wine's finished. I've still got a few nuts left. I've got something coming for dinner. I need to have a couple of coffees. Make sure I don't get shit faced too early because he's the lawyer and you know these things are bad. Thank you everyone. Love you all. Don't fuck this up. The banana zone is coming. Enjoy and take care as ever. Thanks.
Speaker A: We hope you enjoyed this episode. At real vision, we arm you with the expert knowledge, time efficient tools, and a powerful network to help you succeed on your financial journey. Get a taste of financial freedom with our free offer at real vision. Free.
