Speaker A: Whoa.
Speaker B: Landing an account this big will totally change my landscaping business. It's gonna mean hiring more guys and more equipment and new trucks for the new guys to drive the new equipment in. I don't know if I'm ready.
Speaker A: You can do this, and Ford Pro finsimple can help. Our experts are ready to make growing pains less painful for your business with flexible financing solutions that meet the needs.
Speaker B: Of your business today when you need them.
Speaker A: Get started@fordpro.com. financing hi.
Speaker B: On the fifth and 6 June 2024, I'll be speaking at the largest AI event in Asia, Super AI in Singapore, at the iconic Marina Bay Sands, alongside brilliant minds like Edward Snowden, Benedict Devon, and Balaji Srinivasan. I'll be on a stage exploring the extraordinary potential of AI and the profound change it represents, not just for financial markets, but also for the world as we know it. With over 5000 attendees and over 150 side events, Singapore will become a vibrant hub for a full week from the third and 9 June. Visit superai.com to register and join me with 20% off tickets using the code real vision. Use the link in the description and I'll see you there. It's going to be incredible.
Speaker C: Hi, I'm Raoul Pell, and welcome to my show, the journeyman, where every week I take you on that journey into the very nexus of the worlds of macro crypto and the exponential age of technology. Now, as a macro investor, one of the most important things you can do, in fact, you must do, it's an imperative, is to hold alternative views in your head and assess probabilities. I see on Twitter people who are insecure in their views, fighting with people who have alternative views. You shouldn't do that. Of course you should be insecure with your views, because you should listen to other people's views and so you can adjust accordingly. And that's incredibly important to do, and you should do it from trusted sources, people who challenge your thought process. So for me, an old friend of mine, I really respect that. I've followed since the early nineties when he was on the baron's roundtable and he was like, amazing. Him and Jimmy Rogers and a whole bunch of others, is Felix Zulev. Felix is a fabulous thinker, independent thinker, and somebody I really, really respect. But he has a similar assessment of me of how broken the system is. But he sees different outcomes than I do. And I think that's really important because I need to attach probabilities to these outcomes. And so I want to dig in with Felix about where this could all be going, where is my ideas wrong? My job is not to create a debate show. My job is to listen. The more we all listen, the better we'll be. The more we take notes and add them to our frameworks and to say, well, here's the opposing view. I attach this probability. In your trade ideas, you should be thinking like that. So your trade idea, you lay out your own ideas, but then you add in counter evidence and you kind of weight it, and you keep going back to these things and saying, could this be right? Could this be wrong? The hard part is not to get overly confused, because there's two diametrically opposed views. That's normal. You just have to learn, what confidence do I have in my own view? If you don't have confidence, then you shouldn't be investing in that particular opportunity set or you wait for clarification. But obviously, waiting for clarification can often be too late, because then the opportunity is played out, because it's usually when people don't see the opportunity, when the opportunity really arises. Anyway, let's have a conversation with Felix Zulu.
Speaker D: Join me, Raoul Pell, as I go.
Speaker B: On a journey of discovery through the.
Speaker A: Macro crypto and exponential age landscapes in the journeyman.
Speaker B: I talk to the smartest people in.
Speaker A: The world so we can all become smarter together.
Speaker C: Felix, fabulous to see you back on real vision.
Speaker D: My pleasure, Rowley. Great to be back.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's always great to talk to you. We've talked a lot over the years, and it's always a fascinating conversation. So I can't wait to dig in.
Speaker D: We'll find out.
Speaker C: We'll find out. So, I always like to start. Well, first, just give people. I mean, a lot of people know who you are, but just to give people a bit of background, what you're doing, Zulu Consulting, that kind of stuff as well. And then we'll dig into some really big picture views to start with.
Speaker D: Like you, I used to be a money manager and had my own company and hedge funds, and I sold the business, and I'm only managing my own capital. And I also publish for clients throughout the world on macro stuff, from geopolitics down to interest rates, business cycle interest rates, currencies, stock market sectors and commodities, of course. And I publish about every two weeks, and I hold several webinars during the year to keep my subscribers on track of what's going on.
Speaker C: I tell you, you've got a huge fan in Arthur Hayes.
Speaker D: I realize that. He calls me daddy.
Speaker C: That's right. Well, anyway, he's like your single best promoter. Felix, he's always out there talking about your work.
Speaker D: Okay. He's an expert on the crypto side, which I'm not. I'm not deep into that, but I know you are.
Speaker C: Yeah. And he's. Arthur's also, you know, he's a traditional finance guy as well. So he's a macro guy at heart, as we all are. So let's talk about your bigger picture views before we drill into where we are, just to level set people's understanding how you see the world we're living in now, because there's a lot of complexity, and I think people really appreciate hearing.
Speaker D: I have to start with the geopolitical setup, because geopolitical world order has changed for many decades, actually, since World War two. We had a unipolar world in the western world unipolar system that was very us centric, and the US was a hegemon. And the US could really move and shake the world the way they liked. And when the wolf came down and we globalized, it was a us centric, unipolar world order. And I think the Americans and the Europeans are the only ones who haven't caught it, that it's over. That game is over. We are now in a disorder, trying to look for a new multipolar world order because there are challenges coming up. China is challenging and rivalring the US, and there is a conflict of interests, and it's about power and influence and rivalry. And I started to write about coming wars in 2018, and people laughed at me. And here we are. And I think we will see more of the wars because the world policeman is considered weak. And when the us foreign minister is kept waiting in front of MBs in Saudi Arabia, the mover and shaker there, he tells you that the respect has gone down. And when blinken travels to Turkey and he's not received by Erdogan, he's not received by the prime minister, not by the foreign minister, and eventually he's received by the deputy mayor of Istanbul. That tells you what's going on in the world. And I think the Americans are not aware of this, and the Europeans are also not aware of this. They just hide behind the big friend overseas. And that's what it is. This all means that everybody is trying to reposition itself in an upcoming new world order. And that new world order will be found by going through a lot of stressful moments. And it could be sorted out in diplomacy. But if it's not sorted out in diplomacy, then it's sorted out in wars. And I recently talked to Neil Ferguson, who now has a very similar view than I have on the world. And he was much more moderate a year ago. And he said, when I asked him, where are those diplomats? He said, there aren't any. We don't have them. So therefore, the risk of war, of continued war and intensifying war and conflict is very high. You also have to understand that if that is the situation as I describe it, then all the underlying conflicts that were underneath the surface so far, like in Azerbaijan and Armenia or in Guyana or in Serbia or what have you, will eventually come to the surface because they do not respect the former leader anymore and they feel they can act as they like.
Speaker C: Yeah, because it feels like the policeman is not on his beat anymore.
Speaker D: The policeman is gone. The big gorilla around the block is very weak, and therefore it's a different world. It's a very volatile and unstable world in geopolitical terms. And geopolitics for the financial markets usually is not of great importance. When you have an event, it's for one day or two days or so, and then it is back to normal. But this time, I think it really begins to impact the longer term structural setup of the world economy. And that means the intensifying rivalry will lead to more sanctions, more protectionism, more nationalism and things like that. And that is going to make business much more difficult for multinational companies operating throughout the world. And I think the market is not discounting that yet.
Speaker A: I.
Speaker D: And when you look at it historically, the market only priced that in with a time lag. It is not a leading factor in structural shifts. It is a leading factor in cyclical shifts, but not in structural shifts. And I think investors should be aware of that, because at some point of time, that will get priced into the markets and we lead to higher inflation and lower valuation, higher interest rates and things like that. That's the world we operate in. And in that world, we have a business cycle. And that business cycle has been highly distorted by the pandemic. And we are still trying to sort things out. And the market is now celebrating a more dovish fed. I think the market doesn't understand yet that interest rates can decline and so can stock prices together with interest rates. So if we have a soft landing next year, then declining interest rates are very bullish for the markets. If we have a recession next year, then we have declining interest rates and declining stock prices at some point of. And when you look at it historically, soft landings are very rare, and soft landing for next year is a major consensus. So when I look at what the global fund managers are saying and what the major consensus is and how money is positioned. It is very long bonds, very aggressive in declining interest rates and very bullish stocks and soft landing. That's the big picture and that's how the world is positioned. I think over the year end, you see from the late October lows, you see a medium term uplift. I think it's the third medium term uplag. And the normal bull cycle has three up lags. Disbelief, believe over belief. And I think we are going, or we are now in the getting the over belief phase that will probably peak sometimes in the first quarter. I cannot say early or late first quarter. I'm leaning to late first quarter because the momentum is quite good and the liquidity situation over year end is relatively generous. The Fed probably underestimated bank reserves and they didn't want to run into a tightness problem over year end. And therefore, like in y two k in 2099, 2000, they are providing liquidity generously. And the decline in reverse repos is adding etcetera. And this creates the ammunition of markets going higher. If we extrapolate the decline in reverse repos, which has been the major contributor to liquidity growth for financial markets, then the decline should be over by late first quarter, early second quarter. So I think coming to late first quarter or so, the markets will peak, top out at new highs in most cases in Europe as well as in the US, maybe also Japan. Not in the emerging markets, except for India and Brazil. And then I think we are in for surprisingly weak business numbers. I see the first, let's say four months of the economy, rather surprising on the upside and the rest of the year surprising on the downside. I think we will have two different periods. So usually when you have such a strong consensus of a soft landing, it's like when all the forecasts and experts agree something else is going to happen. And I think in the first part we will see a stronger economy than expected. And in the second part, a weaker economy than is expected and a weaker economy. You have now an underlying slowing, a smooth trend is slowing and that leads to lower inflation rates and the market takes it as very bullish. But with declining inflation rates and softer pricing, you also will get softer volume and that will hurt earnings. Normally in a recession, earnings decline 25%. I wouldn't go that far. It could be less than that. It could be 10%. But if you take out, let's say, 10% decline and the 16 times pe on the market, you come up with 3500 and I think what is very unique about this market is the excessive concentration we have. Several times in the history of the stock markets we have had a large concentration in a few stocks. But the Nifty 50 were 50 stocks. You know, the magnificent seven are seven stocks. And in the TMT craziness and bubble, there were probably about 50 to 70 stocks altogether. And most of them declined between 50 and 90% thereafter. And so did the Nifty fifties. And I think, you know, the great magnificent seven are wonderful companies, but they are wonderful companies at half the valuation. There's nothing wrong with that. The problem people do not understand is that the market today does not relate so much to the underlying economy as it relates to liquidity. And when liquidity changes, which I do expect from late first quarter on, if not sooner, then I think what went up so much will go down as much, because if you wanted to perform in line with the market, you had to own those stocks. When you look at the world index and today's markets as they work, is the individual doesn't manage the money himself. He gives the money as a majority of individuals gives the money. He mandates a money manager, and the money manager either indexes or he is a closet indexer. That means that 80% of the money managed today is benchmark oriented. I would say now, if somewhere in the world somebody mandates someone and says, index World Equity fund, then almost two thirds of that money goes to the US, and out of that money one third goes into seven stocks. So we have such an extreme concentration that once the market turns down and money managers have to sell because they have redemptions, they have to finance redemptions or they have to raise cash. There is no other way than to sell those stocks. And that could exaggerate the decline on the downside. That has nothing to do with the real economy, just with the technical setup of the market. I think investors should be aware of that. So I guess that from a high in the early part of the year, we will then have a nasty decline. I do not know when it ends, maybe in the third quarter or whatever, and we will have a year. That is one of the few years in the history where we have an important new high and an important low that is rare. It has only occurred more often in recent years. We had one in 22, we had one in 20, we had one in 18. Then you have to go further back to 87 and even further back to 62. And then I think 37 was another one. And this is very rare. And it speaks of high volatility and that we had it in recent years really alludes to what I said at the beginning of this decade, that this decade will be a roller coaster for the markets. And investors have to try to time the markets to some degree, the mini cycles, because if you can cut out 50% of the downside, you are a hero, you see? And that's what I'm trying to do for my subscribers.
Speaker C: A whole bunch of questions. Thank you for that. How different is the magnificent seven? I've been thinking through this as well to the FANG stocks. So we had a very similar thing through that 20 2012 to 2020 period where it was a very small group of companies that kind of attracted all of the capital. Does this feel similar to that?
Speaker D: It is similar to that, but I think the weighting of the FAANG stocks was much less. We have a much higher weighting of the magnificent seven than we had in the FAANG stocks. Much higher today, I guess, because Microsoft.
Speaker C: Is in some really giant companies, I.
Speaker D: Guess, and it's a great company, no question.
Speaker C: Let's talk through the liquidity scenario, the liquidity change end of Q one, or wherever that happens. So let's assume that the Fed have, the Fed have drained the reverse repo. Now, ordinarily, if that stops, then they're still doing QT. So liquidity conditions tighten. Is there a chance, a, that they stop doing QT when that happens to. And b, is there a chance the treasury drains the general account all the way through election year to by votes?
Speaker D: You know, the general account is an option. Of course, they have done it before, and they have done it when financing the government deficit became a problem. So they have withdrawn liquidity from that side. That could happen again. They are slightly below target right now. I think they are in the upper 600 billion, and the target is about 750 billion. That's where they should be according to the formula they are using. The reverse repos is a different story. The reverse repos was really built up because money market funds had such a tremendous inflow of money because the banks did not have competitive deposit rates. And therefore bank clients shifted money from bank deposits into the money markets to get a higher rate in the money market. And there were not enough treasury bills outstanding they could buy. And then they turned to the Fed. And what the Fed did is they created artificial treasury bills, which are reverse repos. And then when the treasury had to fund the large deficit and they didn't do it at the long end, because the long end was rising so dramatically, and they feared to lock in at the wrong rate, they turned to bills and they issued virtually primarily bills. They the issue debt primarily at the short end. And that made more bills available to the money market funds. And the money market funds started to sell their repos. And that was the decline of the repos. It was not fed induced. It was due to the money market funds. Now the money market funds last month, I think, or the last few weeks for the first time had withdrawals, redemptions. And that is interesting because that could mean that the decline in reverse repos could be over already. And if it would be, it would stop the inflow of liquidity into the financial system. So we have to watch that very carefully.
Speaker C: Now, what about the situation with rates? So we saw go back, I guess, August, September, October. We saw that when the treasury were building the general account and they had to finance the deficit, the bond market hated it. Then suddenly the treasury slowed down. They started issuing bills and being really careful about it. And then the reverse repo started draining. They've got a massive amount of debt to roll and deficit to finance going forwards for the next 24 months. How do they do this without forcing rates lower and using the balance sheet?
Speaker D: Well, they should actually do it now when the appetite for bonds is so high, the bond trade, but they can't.
Speaker C: Afford to do it at 5%. That's the issue.
Speaker D: Well, we are down at four now, intense. And it won't get. I do not know. But I assume that the Fed is having the idea in mind that eventually they have to go to yield curve control. And 5% is about the upper limit. And therefore I think they are more relaxed now at 4%. At 5%. They were very nervous about the whole situation. And that's why they also helped with some maneuvering in the balance sheet and with the help of the treasury. Also, of course, there will be an avalanche of new bond issuance coming. And in a recession it's usually not a problem to finance. Structurally, the buyers are changing. The buyers of the bond markets. The foreigners have been decimated. The BrICS countries will not buy new treasury bonds and new us dollar denominated debt because they saw what happened with the russian assets. And the dollar being used as a weapon against those who do not behave as the US likes creates a lot of problems. The Chinese and the Saudis and the Russians have started to work on a creation of a competitive system already that will eventually be launched. But they will not buy into treasury bonds. And that's why they are buying much more gold these days. They are using gold and they eventually may use other commodities as well, for their reserves instead of treasury bonds. So that creates a problem for the US. And it really means that the old currency system, as it worked, is not the same anymore. It's different. At least half of the world will not participate in the dollar as they did in the past, and that will become a financing problem for the US, particularly when you see how structurally offside they are in fiscal policy. Of course there are domestic institutions, and of course there could always be legislation that certain domestic institutions, pension funds, insurance companies, banks, what have you have to buy a higher percentage of treasuries than at the current level, than at the current level, so they can legislate their potential domestic buyers if they have to. And they will do it. I have no doubt that they will do it if necessary.
Speaker C: Hey everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners.
Speaker B: We'll be right back. Hi. On the fifth and 6 June, 2024, I'll be speaking at the largest AI events in Asia, Super AI in Singapore, at the iconic Marina bay sands, alongside brilliant minds like Edward Snowden, Benedict Devon and Balaji Srinivasan. I'll be on a stage exploring the extraordinary potential of AIH and the profound change it represents, not just for financial markets, but also for the world as we know it. With over 5000 attendees and over 150 side events, Singapore will become a vibrant hub for a full week from the third and 9 June. Visit superai.com to register and join me with 20% off tickets using the code realvision. Use the link in the description and I'll see you there. Going to be incredible.
Speaker C: And that's a form of yield curve control as well. I mean, Switzerland did this two decades ago. They kind of forced the pension system into swiss government bonds. And what you do is you cap yields.
Speaker D: Yes, but the capping of the yields was not due to that. The capping of the yields was due to the fact that in the old days, the swiss franc was very strong currency and he could follow a hard currency policy, the guys at the Swiss National bank, because the biggest trading partner, Germany, followed a hard currency policy. That is gone. And therefore, Switzerland cannot follow as hard a currency policy as they used to in the past. And therefore, the swiss franc is also not the swiss franc of the old days anymore. It's a weaker currency, it's still a strong currency due to the external accounts with the chronic current accounts surplus, etcetera. But it is not the strong currency that it used to be in the 1970s.
Speaker C: Let's talk about the course of rates over this cycle. You've talked about the issue with liquidity, the issue with equity markets that could have end of Q one, Q two, Q three, maybe. What do rates do? Do rates continue to fall over the cycle because economic growth is slow? Or does this issuance create more spasms in the bond market? How are you thinking through rates?
Speaker D: If all the tightening that has been going on over the last year and a half or so works similarly to the past, then we will have an economic problem, a recession. I don't think it will be a very deep recession, but it could be a mild and long lasting recession because we do not have the excesses in inventories and in some of the financing segments as we had in previous cycles. So a mild recession. In a recession, whether it's mild or nothing, rates come down. So I expect rates to decline next year through next year. Usually in a recession, the central banks try to reliquefy the system. Because the higher the leverage is in a system, and it is higher in every cycle than the previous one, you have to reliquefy, you have to do more to reliquefy the system. And therefore, the injection of liquidity that I expect will have very positive effects, sometimes from a lower level, in 24 through 25, and maybe into 26. And that will be a great run for equities, and it will be a great run for commodities. It will not be very good for the us dollar, because when the world eases, the dollar goes down. When the world tightens, the dollar goes up. In simple terms, in that sense, I think we will have a very cyclical environment over the next few years and very attractive bond yields. That's the other thing. Bond yields could hit the low sometimes in the second half of this year. The breakout point in the long term decline, on a log scale chart in ten year treasuries was three and a quarter. So I think we could go down to three, maybe even slightly below that 275. That would be the maximum I could see on the cycle. This will be a higher high than the previous low, which was a secular low at half a percent. And from there we go up again, together with commodities. If commodities rally the way I think they will, and, you know, three quarters of the world's commodities are controlled by the BRICs. And in the conflict world, conflict led world that I described at the beginning, they will use that at times as a weapon against the western world. And that means that supply could become scarce than many believe. It's not so much a demand push. It's much more a supply constraint, and then prices go up and oil could easily go up to $200 in 26 or so. And if that happens, the CPI will not be at 3% and certainly not at two, it will go over ten. And then we have a problem in the bond market, because then treasury bonds will go much higher than they have been at 5%. Because what we learned in the seventies, it is the second up cycle where the bonds really get crucified. The first cycle, the market looks back and values against the past. In the next cycle, in the second cycle, it goes back to the previous cycle that was inflationary and says, oh, we need to have a higher real rate of return. And therefore, in theoretical terms, it could go to eight or 9% or something like that. If the CPI goes to 15, let's say now, if that would happen, our system has a problem, then our system will enter a deep crisis and it will probably be needed that we have a deep crisis, because otherwise you can never restructure government expenditures and income and the fiscal side of it. You can only make the restructuring cuts in entitlements and increase in taxes when you have a monumental crisis at hand. And I think that is what we will get in the later part of the twenties. Move out of this would be yield curve control.
Speaker C: I was just going to ask you that. It seems like that's what they did in the fifties and sixties. It feels like it's the same rulebook.
Speaker D: In contrast to the fifties and sixties, we have a fiat currency system, not the gold anchored system, and that would go directly to the dollar beginning to slump in a big way. And the slumping dollar would be very bad for inflation rates due to the imports getting more expensive. And it would take other currencies eventually with it, because other central banks would do the same thing. So relative to each other, the currencies would be fine, but it would be a very inflationary outcome. It would be like the early part of Argentina. I'm not forecasting that, but it would go that route. And that would be horrible because it would create social unrest. You see, already I spend quite some time in the US, and I see that the US is losing a higher and higher level of the population into, I wouldn't say poverty, but these guys have to really stretch themselves to make it.
Speaker C: People have been left behind.
Speaker D: Oh, very much so. And it's getting worse every year. And I think it would lead to social unrest. And then you had a massive economic crisis, a fiscal crisis, a financial crisis, a currency crisis, and a social crisis. On top of that. So it's going to be a very volatile second part of this decade, I believe. And I think if investors are aware of it, they can probably survive better. We will all lose. In such a situation in terms of purchasing power, we will all lose. But if you lose less than the others, you are among the winners. If you know exactly what you do and you do it right and you come out as the great winner, all your profits will be taxed away. That's the way socialism works. And our systems are now deep into socialism.
Speaker C: Just to recap, we think there's a rocky part in 2020, call it the summer of 2024. After that, the stimulus that comes, that plays through till 2026. But after that, we've got this larger brewing set of issues that are unresolvable right now that concern you. How could we thread the needle that it doesn't end up with this larger bust at the end? Because many of us have looked at this for a long time, because we've seen this growing for decades when we've been following the debt cycle and everything else, and we thought 2008 was it, but monetary printing cut it short. How could they thread the needle here or can they not?
Speaker D: Well, you can. But like in the market, you either correct mildly by going sideways for long or you correct by falling sharply quickly. And in that sense, you need to either have a political leadership that has a clear vision how to restructure, which is painful for all of them. It's painful for the politicians, it's painful for the constituencies, painful for the corporate sector to get everybody on board to make the painful steps to restructure government finances now.
Speaker C: But they'll never do that, will they?
Speaker D: That's what I think. Yeah. I think this is highly unrealistic. And, you know, if you ask the constituencies whether they are in favor of spending cuts by the government, say yes. And then when you ask them what, and you add up what they are in favor of, it's peanuts. But when you tell them about the entitlements and Social Security and Medicare and whatsoever, then they are against it. So you cannot, in democracy that has gone as deep into socialism as I call it, you cannot make the cuts under normal circumstances. You can only make those cuts and tax increases under very special, dramatic circumstances that are a monumental crisis.
Speaker C: Okay, let's go back to something we talked about in the beginning, because I want to get your opinion on this. We talked about China, the multipolar world. And I agree with that. It's written everywhere, but it's been very interesting. The recent move by China and the US seems to have temporarily made friends with each other. Any insights? What's going on there?
Speaker D: Well, of course the Chinese need the US as the US needs the Chinese. And they have a conflict, of course. But even during wartime, trade among some of the enemies at that time, during World War one and World War two did not stop completely. It continued, it was reduced, it was more difficult, but it continued. And I think the same will be going on here. The Chinese are not interested in war. The Chinese are interested to expand and develop their economy and to improve the life of their constituencies, their citizens, because the lifetime of the chinese communist party depends on having satisfied people in the country. If the people are not satisfied, they run into a revolution. So I think the Chinese do not want to fight. But if the US wants to fight, they accept it, they take it, they do not step back. I think the problem child here is the US, and it's not the US as a country, it's the neocons who drive foreign and trade policy, etcetera. And they just have that view that the whole world must be like the US. And if they are not, we use power to make it that way. And the Ukraine conflict is something about that. Also. The US has been very afraid of the eurasian continental plate integrating much more. The trade between Germany and China is bigger now than with Germany, with the US. And they thought, if these guys integrate, these are 4.5 billion people. If these guys integrate more, we lose our influence on Europe, we lose our influence on Asia, and we will not be number one anymore. And I think they used Ukraine to provoke Russia into a war, that they could sanction Russia and force Europe into sanction against Russia to break that integrated trade. And they are trying to do the same with the Europeans against China, which will not work because it's detrimental for their survival or well being. Europe is a large exporting region and they do a lot of trade with China and they need China. So there are all sorts of conflicts. I think China wants to have more influence in the world and they do not interfere with domestic policies in other countries. What they want is they want more trade and they want to expand their influence via trade and strengthen their economy by trade with other people. And they do it very well. I mean, the BRI is a classic example. It has come to a stop because they are short of money at the present time. But that's the way they go and develop and they want. They do not want to let themselves dictate what to do and what not to do by the Americans, and I think they are interested in business. She is a smart man. I think he tightened control because he knew he would eventually have to clean up the hangover from the real estate bubble. And for that he needed tighter control domestically. And he used some nationalism to keep people buying domestic goods and less foreign goods and things like that. So I think they know what they are doing, they have a plan, but they will not be a locomotive any longer for the world economy for the next 1015 years. That's impossible.
Speaker C: How does China deal with its economy? Because it's got a shrinking population and this absolutely gigantic debt. What do they do here? Because they're going to have to do something because of the fear of upsetting the people. How do they generate any growth?
Speaker D: Well, the level of income and the level of consumption is a fraction of what it is in the western world, so there is still room to improve in the aggregate sense. China is a large economy, but, and in the big cities, the standard of living is like in the western world, but in many parts, I would say in one third of the country, it's not there yet. And they have a lot of more to do. They have overdone it in infrastructure, et cetera. They are probably 20 years ahead and they can slow down. They have to push consumption, and to do that, they have to have a real income growth for their people, that they can spend the money. Unfortunately, the Chinese have two thirds of their savings invested in real estate, and those assets are going down in price. And this is not very good for consumer confidence and consumer spending. So there is a problem. Eventually they have to monetize the debt. Eventually, they don't want to do it now. They will do it when the western world does it.
Speaker C: So they don't weaken their currency too much.
Speaker D: That's right. You saw that even in the face of a sluggish economy, they hiked interest rates and they tightened monetary policy to stop the currency from weakening further.
Speaker C: It feels that the chinese economy is slightly out of sync. It seems to be slightly ahead of because they had Covid first, and it feels like they've come out of sync. And as you're kind of suggesting, they want to come into sync with everybody else. So then they are able to stimulate at the same time, as opposed to stimulate when everybody else is tightening, which would be a disaster.
Speaker D: Absolutely. And they are waiting for the western world to come to the point where the western world begins to stimulate again, and then they can do so too.
Speaker C: And do you think that was part of the agreement when Xi came over, because she's been going to see the PBOC, which is weird. We've seen this. Suddenly he turns up in the US and everybody's having talks, which came out of kind of nowhere. It feels that something in the background has changed, that everyone's like, listen, we can fight over trade and everything else, but we actually all need to solve this problem.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think the big problem they discussed was trade. And then the other thing was to help Gary Newsom to potentially become a successor of Biden. Because Gary Newsom is well known to the Chinese. He's probably bought already, as most of the others in the Biden cabinet. So I think this was a side effect. But the main issue was trade because they said, listen, you have an election ahead in a year's time. You need a situation without problems. We need a situation with our problems. Let's go a little bit softer for the time being.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think that feels like that's the case. The other thing I want to talk about to go back to again, your geopolitical thoughts, is we should see and are seeing a lot more onshoring and friendshoring as we change the global supply chains. So that shifts opportunities into other places, like Mexico. And India seems to be at the middle of all of this. How are you thinking about the movement of supply chains elsewhere?
Speaker D: Oh, yeah, it's happening. It's very vibrant, actually. It's Cambodia, it's Vietnam. And the biggest beneficiary is probably India and Mexico. Mexico. It's interesting. I recently spoke to a major real estate tycoon who sold all his real estate in Manhattan. When Michael Bloomberg stepped down, he said, the left guys are coming. That's bad for real estate. So I move on. And he went to other places in the world, and he is now the biggest landlord in Mexico. So he says Mexico is most attractive and more so on the industrial side than on the residential side. And Mexico is obviously, and I asked him, who is renting from you? And he said, it's primarily the Chinese. The Chinese are building their manufacturing places in Mexico, and they send over maybe one fifth of the labor force they need. They send over from China and the rest is local. And then they build what they have at home, they build in Mexico and sell and ship into the US. So it's a mexican product made by Chai Mexicans in Mexico.
Speaker C: We're also seeing in Europe. I've always had the eye that Morocco is the Mexico of Europe. It's a cheap labor force. There's manufacturing a lot of cars there. Now it's 3 miles from Spain across the straits of Gibraltar. And the Spanish have been talking about building a tunnel. But I do think Europe, I don't know whether it gets more worried about eastern Europe because of Russia's influential sphere and it needs to move away. But how does Europe deal with this? Because Germany is just not competitive. It is on quality, obviously, but not on price.
Speaker D: Yeah, it's going down the drain. This is what happens when you have some childish people running the government. They destroy everything. And Merkel started actually with the nonsense, and they just accelerated it and made it worse. Germany is not competitive anymore. Germany has underperformed Italy for almost four years now economically, and that will continue. They are. When you look at unit labor costs, etcetera, Germany is outpriced. They are not competitive anymore. And the industry is adapting to that. They are moving production to other places, particularly energy intensive production. They move to other places because it's energy prices that is a real killer in Germany. And, of course, you have the Czech Republic, you have Poland, you have Hungary. Those places are competitive places, and they do good work, and they are reliable. They are reliable manufacturers, probably even more than. Than northern Africa, I would say so. I think Eastern Europe is a beneficiary, but to a limited extent because of Russia. I think the western narrative that Russia will eventually conquer Europe again, I think that's nonsense. I think this is being misused by the Americans to. To keep the Europeans on their side and help them, etcetera. I think their narrative is completely nonsense. The Russians wanted to do business. Putin wanted to do business with the West. I listened to his speech when he came into power in the german parliament in 2001, and it was obvious he wanted to do business with the west. And he tried. And he tried many times. Germany did some more business with them, but the US were against that, and the US were against the Nord stream pipeline and all that kind of stuff, because of what I described as the eurasian continental plate and what it could mean for integration and for the influence of the US that would decline to. So I think the US just didn't like that. And therefore they are spreading that narrative, which is, in my view, completely wrong. I think they want to develop their economy. And I do not know Russia very well. I've been to Moscow once and to the Kremlin once, and I do not know the country, but I speak to people who know the country, westerners who travel the country, and they say you can go to many cities in Russia, even further east, that are very modern and where you have top quality in terms of restaurants and hotels and service and infrastructure. I think we get in the west, we get the mainstream media's view that the Russians are so bad, etcetera. Of course, they are an emerging country and probably ever will be because their main products are commodities and warfare in a way. There are no consumer products they can sell in the market. But I think the Russians are not dangerous. All you have to do is you have to deal with them. You have to trade with them. And I think they would be a good partner. They had been a reliable partner up to the point when they were provoked with Ukraine, NATO membership.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's going to be, look, it's going to be very interesting to see how this all plays out. Let's just talk down to asset allocation a little bit. How do you think? You've got a year of two sides here, so we need to put time horizons into this as well. Long term, what are you bullish on? I'm figuring you're probably bullish on gold, which works in a geopolitical environment, falling rates, uncertainty. But what are you long term bullish on? And then how are you thinking about.
Speaker D: Next year if you believe that eventually we go down the inflationary path as we described, and into a big crisis, gold could also fall in that situation. It could also fall, you do not know. And stocks could also fall. But eventually, even if you have a currency reform, at some point, eventually real assets recover, nominal assets don't. Nominal assets are done. So I would definitely stay away from what is now the big trade, long bonds. It is a trade. It's not an investment. It's a trade, and it's not an investment. Recently, JP Morgane treasury desk made a survey among their treasury clients. They have the highest treasury allocation, Treasury bond allocation ever in the last 25 years. You know, that tells you that this trade is on the books of virtually everyone who is a little bit aggressive in the market. So I think we have more to go. I thought we can go down to 370 and then maybe to 3% or so for the cycle low, around 3%, but after that, it's all the way up to new highs. And in stocks, I think you have to own productive investments. Of course, stocks can go down 50% anytime in that crisis that I described, or more, but they will come back. Therefore, I think you have to time it. We cannot sell at the ultimate peaks and buy at the ultimate bottoms, but if we can take out a big chunk in between the peaks and the bottoms, then I think we can have a very nice decade of good returns. And if you don't do that and you just sit in a passive portfolio, you run the risk of really selling out at the worst moment of history, when it looks darkest. And I think that's the biggest risk of less experienced investors. And therefore, I recommend that you use some timing for the mini cycles.
Speaker C: Makes sense. Felix, listen, thank you as ever, for allowing me to pick your brains. It's always a fantastic conversation, and it's going to be a very interesting 2024, because we've got an election cycle as well. Who knows what happens there. Generally, governments tend to give out candy to the voters, some stimulus somewhere, so it can add to that volatility you're talking about. But it should be very interesting year.
Speaker D: It should be a great year, very volatile and good for those who know how to trade in the mini cycles. I think it's very difficult for buy and hold investors. Okay, it's been a pleasure, Ralph. Thank you very much for having me. Always fantastic to talk to you, and I hope next time we see each other in person.
Speaker C: Yeah, I've not seen you in ages, so we need to sort that out. So I look forward to that.
Speaker D: Okay, great. All right, my friend. Take care. All the best. Bye bye.
Speaker C: So, Felix and I have long, deep experience in macro. We both know the world is broken. We know that the world reached its debt limits. And this is the big problem.
Speaker D: We'Re.
Speaker C: Also seeing, and both agree that the world is more multipolar, but we diverge a lot on our views. You know, I'm not a bear on the dollar on a secular basis. Cyclically, yes, I believe the dollar is weaker in 2024 on a secular basis. I just think the dollar is still king. But over time, I can see the system changing. This fourth turning is going to go one of two ways. It's either going to go to the complete disruption of society in this kind of economic meltdown that Felix was alluding to, or it changes via technology, which is my viewpoint, and we change the productivity dial, but they're both stressful on society. Anyway, I hope you found it useful to hear Felix's views, because they're very different to mine, and that's very important to me. I always want to hear people with different views, and so I can take it into account. You should, too. Anyway, good luck out there, and I'll see you next time.
Speaker A: All of us together are living through the death of an old world and the birth of a new one. This is a fourth turning, but this is not the foreturning of demographics or politics. This is the birth of the new technological age. This new world has a world of three daughter printed rockets, crypto payments in space, discussions on the rights for humanoid robots, machine intelligence that may outperform our own simulated worlds where autonomous AI agents write code for other autonomous AI agents. It's a world full of opportunity and full of difficulty, too. You see, we are living history, and it's happening much, much faster than any of us can comprehend. This is Reid's law, Metcalfe's law squared. Humanity has never gone through anything like this, but we have to comprehend and understand what is happening. It is into this world that the exponentialist is born. The exponentialist is a new service from me, Raoul Powell and David Matin, author of New World, same humans. It's an almanac of the fastest period of change ever witnessed in human history. A period of excitement, exhilaration, difficulty, and terror. And the exponentialist really is for humans first and investors second. Yes, the opportunities are enormous all round. To find out more and get our special launch pricing, go to realvision.com. the future.
