Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30. 30 baby get 30 baby get 20. 2020 baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month, so give.
Speaker A: It a try at Mint mobile.com switch.
Speaker C: $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance. Join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten. That's podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Now to the top analysis of today's crypto markets.
Speaker E: Welcome to real Vision Crypto Daily briefing. I'm Ash Bennington. Today I'm joined by Brett Quick, head of government affairs for the crypto Council for innovation. Brett, welcome to real vision.
Speaker F: Hi Ash. Thanks for having me.
Speaker E: It's a pleasure to have you with us for the first time. We have a lot to talk about today to do a comprehensive overview on what's happening from a regulatory and government affairs perspective. But first, I wanted to brief our viewers on a crypto adjacent story this morning. And that, of course, is first Republic trades under the ticker FRC, which has been seized by regulators this morning, most of its operations purchased by JP Morgan. Here are the data points you need to know. Those purchased assets include $92 billion in deposits, $173 billion in loans, $30 billion in securities, and FDIC will share JP Morgan's losses in the event that they have them. This data coming from the Wall Street Journal. Final couple of points. I want to contextualize what's happened here for our viewers after those key data points. We've had $100 billion in assets that flew out of First Republic bank in just a few days following the Silicon Valley bank collapse. This is the second largest bank failure in us history, right behind Wamu Washington Mutual in 2008. Three of the four largest bank failures in us history have occurred in the last 60 days, also via the Wall Street Journal. Brett, that's the backdrop that we find ourselves in today, having this conversation about what's happening from a regulatory perspective. How do you contextualize it? How do you think about it from the crypto slash digital asset perspective, what's happened this weekend and this morning.
Speaker F: Yeah, thanks, Ash. Look, the banking sector has been under some pretty significant turmoil. Right. And I think from Silvergate to Silicon Valley to Signature, there have been questions about cryptos role in that. I think Adrienne Harris, superintendent of DF's, was very clear in her testimony before Congress a few weeks ago that the collapse of signature was not related to crypto, that the deposits that we saw in outflows from the bank were in proportion to the overall number of crypto deposits that the bank had, which was roughly 20%. So I think what we're seeing with First Republic, I mean, it's got. It's sort of an unprecedented event. I think it's a huge deal in terms of the bank regulatory environment. The fact that the FDIC, under Groomberg, allowed a G Sib to get bigger by acquiring first Republic, I think those.
Speaker E: Who may not know that's globally systemically important. Bank one of the two big to fail banks here in the United States.
Speaker F: Yes. Yes. Thanks. Thanks, Ash. So there's eight G Sibs. They're generally frowned upon by the regulators increasing in size because they're already quite large. So the fact that JPMorgan Chase is taking on all of the deposits and loans and the securities, I believe, of First Republic is a strong signal of what's happening. And I think that.
Speaker E: Let me just make sure I understand that point correctly. The notion here that generally it's frowned upon when the g sibs continue to grow, to accumulate more assets, to accumulate more loans and more deposits, that's something that's generally not smiled upon in Washington, because it means these large, too big to fail banks are getting bigger. And what you're saying here, if I understand you correctly, is it's an interesting signal to see JP Morgan, the largest bank in the United States, be greenlighted to make this acquisition. Perhaps. Perhaps it suggests something about the necessity of these assets falling into stronger hands in the view of regulators.
Speaker F: Yeah, I mean, listen, I think since we've seen the turmoil in the banking sector over the past few months, there's been a lot of discussion in Washington about what are the appropriate regulations for banks of different sizes. And you all probably recall that in, I believe it was 2018, under the previous administration, there was legislative effort to tailor bank regulation based on size. And one of the things that that legislation did was it increased the asset size of banks that are subject to a number of post, you know, crisis rules that apply to the largest bank. So it moved from about 100 billion in assets of the line of demarcation to about 250 billion. I believe that first Republic was right around 225 or so. So really just under that line of having to comply with some of these extra steps. So comptroller sue at the OCC has been saying that, you know, regional banks need to be subject to long term debt requirements, need to be subject to annual stress testing, because in the event of failure, they ultimately just have to go to a bank that, you know, the regulators view as already too big to fail. So I think it'll be an interesting conversation amongst lawmakers and regulators on how to address some of this if there need to be tweaks to the laws that were passed in 2018 that apply to the banking sector. But it's clear that, you know, over reliance on uninsured deposits is causing, you know, a lot of problems totally unrelated to crypto. But understanding that in the case of Silvergate, at least they had a high exposure to FTX, they actually were able to unwind themselves without intervention, without loss to taxpayers, without loss to depositors. But now we're seeing a lot of knock on effects in the banking sector, which raises a lot of questions about appropriate regulation of that sector and what they sort of have on their requirements.
Speaker E: Just to make one point here about this, before we move on to the crypto asset component of this, you mentioned this idea of uninsured deposits. One of the things that these banks shared in common, particularly what we saw at Silicon Valley bank, was an incredibly high skew of the proportion of assets over the FDIC limit, 250,000 for individuals, 500,000 for couples. When you see that skew, it's suggesting that perhaps that there's going to be a challenge because there is a lack of FDIC insurance relative to the deposit base, there may be highlighting, may be deposit flight out of those banks as people who are high net worth, individuals who have those assets there have the capacity to move those assets elsewhere. Which brings me to the broader picture here. The two biggest factors I think here that are affecting what we've seen, these bank failures, and three of the four largest in the last 60 days. Number one, we obviously have this environment of rising interest rates, which has skewed some of the macroeconomic and funding conditions that bank faces. And number two are these, of course, cell phones, the ability to move assets to banks very quickly. Jim Bianco, in a conversation I have with him, I believe at the end of last week, made the point that when you have a bank run in the 1980s or 1990s, a fast bank run happened in a couple of weeks, maybe over months. When a fast bank run happens here in the digital age, it happens in a matter of hours. This, obviously these factors, technology and rising rates, very much at play in the crypto world. Translate this for people who may not know why. These factors are also factors in what's happening on the digital asset slash crypto side and how it influences crypto specifically.
Speaker F: Yeah, I mean, you raise an excellent point. The ability for a run to happen super quickly was not something that was contemplated by a lot of the regulations that are in place. There was a lot of discussion post. I think it was Silvergate that they should have been subject to the liquidity coverage ratio, requiring that they have enough on the books for 30 days of outflows of deposits. But no one really could have contemplated $40 billion in assets leaving in a day. And that's exactly related to the fact that we can do this on our phones, we can do it so quickly. Messaging, apps, things travel so quickly. Everything is able to just happen in a much faster pace. I think the nexus with crypto is really that what we're talking about in crypto, in the sort of revolutionary technology underlying everything, is that we can do things with less intermediaries, we can do things in a more peer to peer way with more efficiency instantly, more transparently. So I think there's a lot of opportunity for the technology to solve some of the problems that we're seeing right now in the banking sector that, you know, I think has caught everyone off guard, certainly the regulators.
Speaker E: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30, 30 biddy get 30, get 20. 2020 to 2020 1515 just $15 a.
Speaker A: Month, so give it a try@mintmobile.com.
Speaker C: Switch $45 up front for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited. More than 40gb per month slows full terms@mintmobile.com. dot.
Speaker E: So let's talk about that specifically, regulators, legislators, the executive branch, where we stand with this now. Big picture. Obviously, it's been an interesting couple of months. The crypto asset and climate report coming out from the White House. Maybe the name tells you everything you need to know about that report in the way that it seems to be skewed. And also the fireworks that we've recently had on the hill. Give us your 50,000 foot overview of a regulatory perspective happening right now in the United States specifically.
Speaker F: Sure. So there's a lot to cover. You know, I think post the executive order issued by President Biden, I guess about a year ago, there was a lot of optimism. There was a lot of, you know, positivity around that and what would come from that. And some of these reports that we would see subsequently about the, give us.
Speaker E: A little bit of context on that executive order which ordered essentially these studies. And as you mentioned, the reports to come out give us a little bit of context on where we were a year ago and how we've gotten to where we are today.
Speaker F: Sure. So President Biden issued an executive order, again maybe a little over a year ago, instructing a number of agencies, I think it was 20 something agencies, to look at different aspects of crypto and blockchain technology and how we can certainly provide protections and rules, but also really harness the promise of the technology and promote innovation here in the United States. The tone of and message of the executive order was really positive, I think, and it was perceived as a positive approach, and it was kind of the first recognition officially of the administration in the United States to say, okay, we're really going to look at crypto and how we can make it work here from a regulatory perspective and really utilize the technology here to kind of advance the way we do things. Unfortunately, what we've seen post eo is a number of reports that have not been really reflective of the tone of the original executive order. They've been much more negative on the promise of the technology and what needs to happen from a regulatory perspective. So I think there's been a lot of disappointment about the individual agency's approach to crypto. Certainly, we live in a post FTX environment where that has sort of put a cloud over a lot of the thinking about the way that crypto should be regulated and how it should be able to interact with consumers and investors and what the rules around these companies should be. But the reality that folks in crypto are certainly well aware of, but it's not maybe obvious to everyone, the reality is that what FTX did and what Sam Bankman Fried did was, you know, classic fraud, something that's been illegal for 100 years. They took a centralized entity operating it offshore, and a bad actor, and Sam defrauded customers of their funds and violated his own terms of service. So.
Speaker E: Well, we should point out, of course, that he's been charged but not yet convicted. And, of course, innocent until proven guilty.
Speaker F: Sure. Thanks, Ash. Good disclaimer there. But what he allegedly did was classic fraud. It was not related to the technology of crypto, other than the fact that there's a lot of interest in being in the crypto space. And what's notable is that when Chairman Gensler testified for the first time in 18 months in front of Congress two weeks ago in an exchange with, I believe it was Congressman Torres, Congressman Torres was asking him about offshore exchanges and why the SEC isn't sort of pursuing reining in offshore exchanges and doing something about that. Chairman Gensler acknowledged that it's a lot harder to regulate offshore exchanges from the United States and to pursue enforcement actions against them. He also acknowledged in the same exchange that Americans are using offshore exchanges whether they're supposed to be or not. And we know from the sort of post mortem on FTX that there were Americans using FTX.com, comma, the Bahamas based exchange, where they weren't supposed to have accounts, but they had VPN's and they were doing it where this leads us back to where we sort of have a misalignment of, I think, fundamental understanding of where we are with Chairman Gensler and with the SEC is that we want to keep crypto in the United States because we want the innovation to be here, we want the job creation to be here, we want the economic growth. We want to, as the United States, continue to have the position that we have in the global financial system, but we also want it to be within our regulatory perimeter. We want our regulators to be able to thoughtfully establish consumer protections, investor protections, rules of the road, both for transparency and clarity for the industry, and also so that consumers have the confidence to adopt the technology. But we want that to be done here. And unfortunately, it seems like there are those in this administration that are just happy for it to go offshore. And we think that's incredibly misguided. We look at what we're seeing now with chip manufacturing, where we're sort of desperate to bring chip manufacturing back to the United States after it was offshored 30 years ago, along with many things in sort of an offshoring of manufacturing.
Speaker E: But what really difference with chip manufacturing is it's incredibly expensive. It requires a tremendous amount of investment, tremendous amount of foresight. The goal here, to establish more of a crypto friendly regulatory environment in the United States would just require legislation and a framework from either the executive branch or from Congress or ultimately from the courts in the event that it should wind up there. But give us a sense of what you think the forward trajectory is. You've done a great analysis in terms of the layout of where we stand. Where do you think we are along that path, and what are the probabilities of us getting to a place where you see a favorable outcome?
Speaker F: Well, you mentioned the courts, and, you know, unfortunately, I think we're in a position right now where a lot of these are decisions may be left to the courts. And the silver lining there may be that it does create some clarity for crypto and allow companies operating in the United States and wanting to operate in the United States to have some type of transparency and clarity to stay here and continue to develop here. But that takes time. That's not something that happens. Even this Congress going, Brett, I'm going.
Speaker E: To go back and just ask you to explain this to people who do not have legislative affairs or legal backgrounds. Give us the framework of understanding the relationship between Congress, which makes laws, the executive branch, which executes them through a series of agencies, and the courts, because there really are three separate trajectories here through which things get done in terms of policy in the United States.
Speaker F: Yeah. You know, three branches of government. So the situation we're in right now is that the SEC obviously says that most crypto assets, according to Chairman Gensler, everything other than bitcoin, are securities, and they should be subject to existing securities laws. Those securities laws were designed 90 years ago, for the most part, before we could have contemplated the Internet, much less the way that technology has developed over time and the opportunities with blockchain technology and with crypto. So we can come back to why those laws just don't work for crypto. But the SEC, under chairman Gensler, continued to say, just comply with these laws. There's no problem, except that you're not willing to comply. There's not a clarity problem. Of course, Coinbase is kind of the most famous example right now in the headlines. Coinbase is a member of the crypto council. They served a wells notice, basically saying that almost every aspect of your business is in violation of securities laws, which.
Speaker E: Is interesting because they just filed an s one when they went public not that long ago, which details a few.
Speaker F: Days before Chairman Gensler was sworn in, I believe.
Speaker E: Yeah. And which detailed effectively their business plans and their obvious reliance on the digital asset cryptocurrency space. So it shouldn't have come as a surprise to anyone.
Speaker F: It should not have come as a surprise because that was certainly a signal to investors that the SEC was not going to raise a red flag with these core elements of their business. Staking, for example, was mentioned numerous times in their s one, their change business being their biggest source of revenue, their wallet business. All of these things are now apparently in violation, according to the SEC, of securities laws. So Coinbase disagrees with that. Coinbase announced, I believe, last week that they are suing the SEC for them to take up their petition to do a rulemaking on crypto. So where this leads us is this agency and executive branch is saying, we have the authority that we need. We have the existing authority based on these laws that were passed by Congress, and you have to comply with them. Coinbase as the example, the industry is saying those laws don't apply to us. So then that has to go to the judicial branch, to the courts, for them to decide who's right in that scenario. And that takes a lot of time. It takes a lot of time, a lot of resources. It would be certainly preferable for legislation to be passed in the shorter term. That clarifies a lot of this. We know that there are a number of really champions of the industry across the political spectrum, those that really are just focused on the innovation aspects and the opportunities for our economy and for the financial system. And then there are those that are concerned primarily about consumer and investor protection, and they recognize that this is a technology and an industry that consumers are interested in being a part of and that they want to utilize, and that if that's the case, then we need to put appropriate guardrails and rules around it.
Speaker E: Let me ask you this, to get back to the points that you made about Chair Gensler and SEC and the administration. For folks who don't know, explain the relationship between the SEC and the presidency specifically, to what extent these views are the views of Mister Gensler specifically, and to what extent they are broadly reflective of the views of the administration.
Speaker F: Well, that's a very complicated question. I think largely, we see a lot of Chairman Gensler's personal views. I think that the administration has a lot of different views within it. There are certainly folks within the administration that I believe want to be more constructive around crypto regulation. The CFTC, for example, under Chairman Benhamouse, he has, I think, a much more constructive approach to trying to bring crypto under the regulatory purview of his agency. And he wants to do that in a way that does not stifle innovation, but also does provide the badly needed consumer protections. So I don't think that the industry or that the administration necessarily all has the exact same view. I think that Chairman Gensler, as an individual, has a particularly crypto skeptical view, and I think, unfortunately, a misguided way of even sort of dealing with that skepticism because offshoring it for other jurisdictions to determine the best way to regulate and to allow the industry to develop is not helpful to american consumers, investors, or to our position in the global financial system.
Speaker E: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real vision crypto daily briefing.
Speaker B: He's back. Kevin Trudeau, everything they don't want you to know about. Number one, New York Times bestselling author of Natural Cures they don't want you to know about reveals all.
Speaker E: This is the Kevin Trudeau show.
Speaker F: I am exposing the corruption in government.
Speaker E: And in major multinational corporations.
Speaker F: We're telling you the things that they don't want you to know that will.
Speaker E: Make your life better.
Speaker B: Subscribe to the Kevin Trudeau show podcast and improve your life now.
Speaker E: So what are the odds, in your view, of us getting legislative progress here during the 118th Congress here in 2023? Is it something that you handicap as a high or low probability and why?
Speaker F: So it's hard to attach an exact probability to this. Crypto is very unique in that it enjoys really broad bipartisan support. Crypto is unique in that we're asking for regulation. You often see industries in the United States going to the government and saying, please regulate us less. We need less bureaucracy, we need less red tape. And in crypto's case, we're saying we need a regulatory framework, and we're not even into the details yet of what that looks like. We just need a regulatory framework for all the reasons we've discussed. So we've seen a ton of activity in the house in the past couple of weeks, and we're going to see a lot more over the coming weeks in the House financial services committee, also in the House Agriculture committee, chairman Ginser testified. In the financial services committee, they had a hearing on stablecoins. They had a hearing on market structure. The House Ag committee had a similar hearing on market structure at the exact same time addressing sort of their respective jurisdiction of the CFTC and the idea that the CFTC should have authority to regulate spot markets beyond just their fraud and manipulation authority that they have right now. So we know that there's a lot of activity, there's a lot of work being done to work on legislation. Congress is a very deliberative body. The Senate is the most deliberative body. Maybe ever. Right. So getting something across the finish line, there's a lot of steps between now and being signed into law by the president. Of course, after passing both chambers, the Senate is complicated by the fact that we have Chairman Brown at the head of the Senate banking committee, who for a period of time seemed very uninterested in doing any sort of legislation around crypto. He has since then signaled that he would be interested in legislation, but it's hard to see how he would get on sort of the same page as the other more pragmatic members that are wanting to work in the crypto space because we could definitely label him as a strong crypto skeptic. So I think at this point, we're doing the work with members of Congress and with the agencies to educate them on the benefits of the technology in the industry and why regulation is so badly needed. Regardless of really how you think about crypto, regulation is needed in the United States. And we're confident that there's a lot of folks who are going to sort of continue to put pen to paper to try to come up with good rules and regulations that can get bipartisan support. But I don't want to suggest that there aren't a lot of challenges politically and from a process perspective between now and the end of this year or the end of this Congress.
Speaker E: Well, let me ask you a question about the word that you just used there, and I want to play a bit of devil's advocate there. You know, this idea, whenever we have someone on from an advocacy group or a lobbying group, they always begin the conversation by saying that this is a bipartisan issue. And they mentioned, for example, as you mentioned earlier, Congressman Richard Torres from here in New York, a young progressive Democrat who is quite friendly toward crypto. To what extent is this really bipartisan? Because looking at this from the outside, it's hard to see that there isn't a significant skew in a partisan direction on this issue. Do you have a sense of where we are in terms of proportions in the House or the Senate, of opposition versus support for this issue?
Speaker F: Look, I think it continues to be very bipartisan. And, you know, candidly, I think post FTX, there was a lot of concern about what that would mean for some of the folks that have wanted to be really constructive with the industry in Congress. And I don't think that they've wavered. You know, we've seen a number of pieces of legislation with really strong bipartisan support. Well, Miss Gillibrand, you know, they're going to be reintroducing their bill. They've indicated that it's going to have stronger consumer protection, stronger cybersecurity. That bill, as your listeners, I'm sure know, is really sort of a comprehensive regulatory framework that it would establish addressing, you know, securities, commodities, stable coins, consumer protections, disclosures, really all of the big pieces that the industry needs that's moving forward. You mentioned, Congressman Torres, there are a number of lawmakers who continue to believe that the technology really has the potential to bring more folks into the financial system, to reduce costs, to increase access, to increase efficiency. You know, a lot of that is really indisputable. So I don't think that we've sort of lost that momentum from a bipartisan perspective. But, I mean, it's absolutely correct that there are folks on both sides of the aisle who are much more skeptical and are not convinced yet of the promise of the tech. But, you know, their colleagues are continuing to work with them, as are folks from industry. So, you know, it's not going to be an instant solution. But I, I think over the coming months and certainly over the coming years, the technology will prevail, I think, in showing its use to folks, and ultimately lawmakers will get in line.
Speaker E: One thing we've touched on in a glancing way here is what's happening through the courts right now. Give us a sense of what your sense is about the judicial branch, what the cases are that are working their way through some particularly important cases. Of course, the ripple case, which is seen as a bellwether in many ways. What do you think about the judicial aspect of this story?
Speaker F: Yeah, well, I mean, look, as we've kind of covered this with, absent sort of a formal rulemaking process by the SEC and other agencies, absent legislation by Congress, then, you know, the decisions by the courts are going to really establish the, you know, the case law that's going to determine how some of this is able to operate and what the parameters are for industries and for companies wanting to be in the space. But it takes a lot of time. It's a very complicated, drawn out process. Ripple, of course, being a very high profile case that has been ongoing for quite some time, and the decisions coming down from that are going to have big consequences. Coinbase now moving forward with their lawsuit and still waiting for, as far as I know, the official enforcement actions from the SEC after the wells notice that they received recently, there's a lot of hope, I think, amongst industry that some of these companies that have the resources to really go through this long court process, that it will ultimately be sort of a silver lining for the industry because it will establish some of the rules that are needed and hopefully allow the companies to develop here and not to retire offshore. But in the meantime, we do risk folks leaving Coinbase has announced that they have an exchange license in Bermuda now and they're going to be operating there. And we want to keep, obviously, as much of this innovation here in the United States as possible.
Speaker E: Right, Brett, to exactly that point, what are the risks here if we get this collectively wrong?
Speaker F: The risks are huge. The risk of offshoring the technology has, has huge implications, I think from a national security perspective, our ability to sort of control the levers of the financial system and enforce sanctions like we've been able to do for so long, if this becomes, you know, a bigger part of the way, you know, financial transactions are conducted. Economic security, of course, we want the innovation here and the development here. We want the job creation here, we want economic growth here. And then just being able to sort of protect us consumers and investors by having them operate here with companies domiciled in the United States. Going back to what Chairman Gensler said when he testified before Congress recently, that it's a lot harder to deal with offshore exchanges and we know Americans are using them. That's not what we want. We want to bring it into the regulatory purview of the US. So, and we kind of touched on ship manufacturing. We've now realized that having semiconductors all manufactured offshore, you know, most of which are done in Taiwan, we realized through the pandemic, certainly, that our reliance on, on chips is huge. And not having that here in the US is a big problem.
Speaker E: And it's a 25 year policy reversal with just in time inventory moving. Obviously, as we've seen, these key vulnerabilities, when you have that kind of fragility in markets. Brett quick, spectacularly knowledgeable about this topic. Final thoughts, key takeaways. We've got about 30 seconds left that you'd like to leave our viewers with.
Speaker F: Look, I mean, the time is now to get something done. We have a sort of once in a generation opportunity to really harness the technology and the industry here in the US. We're working tirelessly around the clock with lawmakers and stakeholders to educate folks on what can be done here, the importance of keeping it in the United States. We're really optimistic that we do have a lot of supporters and a lot of champions who recognize the potential and the benefits of the tech and how important it is to establish a regulatory framework. But it's hard work and it's not quick, so we'll keep it up. And anything that anyone can do to weigh in and make their stories heard and their experience with crypto and their use cases, super helpful to the effort.
Speaker E: Thanks so much for joining us. I'm sure our viewers and our listeners who are listening to this as a podcast have learned a great deal. I hope you'll come back and join us again.
Speaker F: Thanks, Ash. Really appreciate it. Enjoyed the discussion.
Speaker E: That's it for today. Remember to go to real Vision crypto to sign up. It's free. It's at real vision.com crypto. That's real vision.com crypto. We've got some stellar guests lined up for the rest of this week. Yuri Kolodani from Starkware, Chris Sullivan from Hyperion Decimus, and of course, Paul grew while chief legal officer at Coinbase. You will not want to miss that. Thank you for listening. Thank you for watching. Join us at 09:00 a.m. pacific time, noon Eastern or 05:00 p.m. if you're in London. Thanks again for watching, everybody. Have a great afternoon.
Speaker A: What's up, revolutionaries? Thanks for tuning in to the real vision daily briefing. For more content like this, head over to realvision.com and get unfiltered access to the very best, brightest, and biggest names in finance.
