Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30. 30, baby get 30 baby get 20. 2020, baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month, so give.
Speaker A: It a try at Mint mobile.com switch.
Speaker C: $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker B: Hello, and welcome back to real Vision crypto Daily Briefing. Here's why you should tune into today's show. Two of Sam Bankman Fried's closest partners plead guilty to fraud just as he was flying from the Bahamas back to the US. And the SEC claims the FTX token FTT is a security. We're going to be joined live by Katie Talati, director of research at ARca, to discuss the crypto landscape. And if you're watching us on the real vision website, thank you. If you haven't signed up there yet, head over to real vision.com forward slash crypto. We have a ton of free crypto content. And if you're watching us on YouTube, please like and subscribe. And hit notification bell so you stay up to date with our latest crypto analysis. So with that said, let's jump into the latest price action. So it's been a tumultuous week in crypto news, but that hasn't really reflected in crypto prices. Bitcoin is still trading down below 17,000. It's down slightly on the day, currently selling for about 16,600. Bitcoin is down some four and a half percent for the past week. Meanwhile, ethereum dropped below 1200. It's down 2% in the past 24 hours and around 6.5% for the past week. So with that as a backdrop, let's bring in our guest, Katie Talati again. She's the director of research at Arcae, a digital assets management company, a research firm as well. Welcome back to real vision, Katie. Pleasure to have you back on.
Speaker C: Thanks for having me, Marco.
Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely. Well, before we start covering the news and getting into the conversation, I wanted to just see for the viewers who don't know you, who may not be familiar with you, if you could give us a quick intro background on who you are and what Arca does.
Speaker C: Sure. So for those who aren't familiar, ArcA is a digital asset investment firm focused on bringing institutional investors into crypto, providing them kind of familiar investment vehicles to get access to the growth of digital assets. So I am the director of research there, which means that I oversee all the investment research across our family of actively managed funds. So we have a liquid token fund, an NFT fund, and even an early stage venture fund. And all of them are, like I said, kind of focused on growing the digital assets ecosystem. So we're focused on deep dive research really being long biased, as we want to see the growth of digital assets take off. Prior to Arca, which I actually helped start four years ago, I did vc investing mostly in the fintech space. So pretty familiar with crypto, pretty familiar with all the things that we're trying to solve here. But Arca has been trying to push forward institutional adoption in this space via traditional finance. So that's a little bit about us.
Speaker B: Awesome. Awesome. Well, with that said, let's get into the first story that we have. So we, you know, just yesterday we had bombshell announcements about the investigation into FTX and top associates of Sandbaggin fried, the CEO of Alameda Research, Caroline Ellison, and FTX co founder Gary Wang have pleaded guilty to fraud charges. A federal prosecutor in Manhattan says both are cooperating with authorities. This came as SBF left the Bahamas on an extradition flight to the US. He could appear in court here as early as today. He's expected to request bail, which he was denied in the Bahamas. You know, Katie, this story has really been forefront. It's been dominating the headlines. It's been this crazy saga, and I'm just curious to hear, like, what you think the effects are gonna be more broadly to the markets in the coming year.
Speaker C: Well, you're right about that. It's definitely a saga. I feel like it's been a bit of a true crime novel or tv show this year. I think the biggest impact, unfortunately, is that, you know, I don't know about you, but following the last few weeks, I've had a lot of people who aren't really close to the crypto space asking me, you know, is crypto going to be around forever? Is, you know, is everybody in the state base a scammer? And that's really shame. I think that, unfortunately, FTX, in a way, has kind of set back the industry quite a bit. I think a lot of people who maybe previously were trusting of digital assets are now going to become very suspicious. Right. Anybody who wasn't really educated on the space, especially regulators, anybody in the legislature. And that's really tough and harmful for the rest of us in the industry who are really trying to push forward all the positives that are happening in the digital asset ecosystem. I do hope that despite this, that we do get some kind of positive regulation coming from this that helps to just really put up some guardrails in the industry. Not necessarily anything that will stifle innovation, but really just makes, you know, helps keep consumers safe, especially, you know, retail investors, you know, young, you know, people who aren't as familiar with digital assets. But I think right now that's kind of what unfortunately, FTX is definitely, you know, I think pushed back, you know, adoption broadly of digital assets quite a ways just by giving, you know, more, you know, just kind of tainting the ecosystem with kind of like one more scam.
Speaker B: Well, as you're speaking about tainting the ecosystem and, like, people coming to you and kind of saying, hey, like they're worried, they're suspicious, is crypto going to be, you know, is still, is crypto still going to be around? You know, I know that you kind of research a lot of, you know, because you're the head of research at Arca, why don't we talk a little bit about the developments. What, what happened? What's, what did we get right this year? Like what, what stood out to you that I think that you think stands out that kind of like, to it for people who might be, you know, going to these uncomfortable, you know, family dinners and it's like, what can we say? Like, hey, this is what we got right this year, actually. This is why the industry is going to stick around.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, I think for this year, definitely one of the positives is, you know, the Ethereum merge. I think the fact that we kind of got that done or they, the Ethereum developers pushed that through amidst all the, you know, all the struggles, that was a huge accomplishment. And I think also, you know, if we're really going to have like, mass adoption of digital assets, we need to have, we need to have platforms like Ethereum move to, you know, proof of stake. A lot of people, you know, were very concerned with the power consumption for bitcoin and ethereum, as they were proof of work. You know, just the move to proof of stake immediately cut power consumption on Ethereum by like 99%. It also allows us to get into the next stage of Ethereum's development, which will include scaling, right, which will make transactions faster, hopefully allow for larger scale enterprise applications to run on top of Ethereum and have more consumers, more adoption come into the ecosystem.
Speaker B: And then when you talk about like in terms of moving over to proof of stake, a lot, a lot of people criticize, or there's some people that have like some criticism about that saying that it would, would make things more centralized. And I know that one of the pushes that we're really, you know, that the industry is trying to push towards is decentralization. I mean, what would you say to people who kind of have that type of thinking?
Speaker C: I think what they're referring to specifically is that with the move to proof of stake, there's been this kind of proliferation of staking providers. Basically because if you want to run an ethereum node, you need 32 ETH, which is quite a lot of money for one individual person, but you can basically contribute your eth to a node operator and they will give you like a share the profit essentially for doing all of the backend stuff for you. So we've had like the rise of these staking as a service providers. And what's happened is that if you do look on some of the, there's dashboards online that'll show you like like who holds the most staked Ethereum? It's definitely gotten concentrated, right? Like there's, most of the staked Ethereum is held by decentralized staking providers like Lido, and then also centralized ones like Kraken and Coinbase. What I have to say to that is that while the centralized exchanges do hold quite a bulk of the kind of staked assets, there's a few things there, I think. I think as we see more adoption of Ethereum, which will come in the next Ethereum hard fork, when we see withdrawals allowed on staked Ethereum right now, when you stake Ethereum, it's all locked up. So like users can't go in and out of it, which I know is a detriment to some people since they value liquidity. So there's first that. The second thing is that decentralized projects like Lido, like rocket pool, they're kind of focused their staking solution, they are trying to focus on doing, on not just giving all of these staked eth to one node provider, but actually decentralizing those node providers. So it's kind of more of a marketplace of matching people who want to run a node with people who just have five eth that they want to stake. So I think as we see the rise of that, that should help with the decentralization. It definitely does mean that you have one or two people running things from the top, but that's always been the case. I mean, even with mining, mining was becoming very centralized. Look at how bitcoin mining is. You know, you have the top like three mining pools or two mining pools make up like 50% of the hash rate. And, you know, that's just going to continue because mining operations are very expensive to spin up. But I think the idea is as long as you have kind of like geographic decentralization of your nodes and also like, you know, nodes within different, you know, with different hands, I think you're always going to have that optionality. I would also say the last thing is, if you do have, you know, kind of concentration of staked power within different nodes, there is the ability over time with withdrawals that people can decide, hey, like, this node is really big, and I don't think I should be supporting it because it's so, so centralized. I'm going to move my stake to like this smaller node.
Speaker B: Very interesting. Very interesting. Well, I want to move on to our next story here. So this one is, in addition to criminal charges, us regulators, SEC and CFTC have also filed civil charges against Caroline Ellison and Gary Wangenhe. The agencies say the two are not contesting the charges. What's particularly notable in the SEC case is that the agency has said it deems FTX's native token FTT as security. Here's the quote from, from there. It says, if demand for trading on the FTX platform increased, demand for the FTT token could increase such that any price increase in FTT would benefit holders of FTT equally and in direct proportion to their FTT holdings. So obviously, this, this conversation of, you know, whether tokens are securities, I mean, just yesterday we had Dan Roberts on, he mentioned the library case. We have an on, there's an ongoing case with XRP. I mean, what do you think happens? Or what's your take on the whole security debate in the industry and how that's going to affect things going forward in 2023?
Speaker C: Well, look, I'm no security expert, and I know there's way smarter people that will speak to this than me, but I think very generally within the ecosystem, it's pretty broadly accepted that, like, if we're trying to shove digital assets into the security framework that exists today, you really are just forcing like a square peg into a round hole. Hole. And I think it is going to be, it's very burdensome to kind of say that all digital assets are securities. Not all of them are. I can understand where some of them definitely either toe the line or they very squarely, you know, can be considered a security based on how we test. But at the same time, we're applying a framework from the 1930s that's like, that was 80 years ago. I mean, we've had so many changes in technology since then, so many changes in society. The fact that we're trying to kind of keep to that just really, it just, it's very archaic. I think, that, you know, in jurisdictions where regulation has kind of succeeded, they've actually been a lot more incremental and kind of welcoming to digital assets. They've been trying to work with digital assets issuers, digital assets exchanges in order, again to create guardrails that protect consumers but don't kind of damper any innovation. So I think, you know, it definitely has a lot of implications for the SEC to go after FTT as a security. I think that that's going to be a very long, ongoing legal battle. From what I do know, though, you know, the SEC, I think, is trying also to kind of react a little later to this story, considering all the, you know, ongoings prior to this, a lot of people have been, you know, publicly calling out the SEC saying, hey, you guys should have been, you know, more on top of FTX. You should have been regulating them ahead of time. You know, obviously, after events like this, everybody is looking for somewhere to lay the blame except themselves. But this might be, you know, an action by the SEC in order to kind of try to correct the fact that they didn't step in sooner.
Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely. I think that, you know, when if. Right, people feel, if the regulators feel like they have egg on their face, they're going to react. Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint mobile, unlimited premium wireless. Everybody get 30, 30 biddy get 30, get 20. 2020 to 15. 1515, just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint mobile.com.
Speaker C: Switch $45 up front for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for a limited time unlimited. More than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com.
Speaker B: What other changes do you think we could see for regulation in the coming year then?
Speaker C: I mean, my personal hope, what I'd love to see is if we have some sort of local, sorry, us based regulation that's kind of specific to exchanges, a great framework, actually, I've been reading up on is Japan has a framework for digital assets exchanges under the FSA. And really, interestingly enough, they actually think that FTX Japan users will probably get most of their deposits back one to one because of these regulations. Um, so they're regulations that make a ton of sense. It's, you know, you have to register with them. Um, and, and by the way, I don't think these are onerous regulations for exchanges. Exchanges are really large. They have a lot of funding, they usually have a couple hundred or more employees, and they have thousands of users. There's no reason that they shouldn't be, you know, able to adhere to a few, um, kind of basic rules. Um, but for example, in Japan, um, like I said, you have to, you have to register with the regulator. You have to keep customer deposits separate from your own. Oh my gosh. You have to keep a certain amount of the customer deposits in custody, you have to carry certain insurance. And I can't remember the other specifics, but there's some other ones about you can't invest more than the backup assets in something more than short duration cds and stuff like that. And the idea basically is that, and then you have to also be accountable to some sort of an audit where they're coming in and checking those kind of offside reserves. So all that's done is made that, and you can't commingle the assets if you have a parent exchange elsewhere. So basically what that meant is for FTX Japan, the user assets were all in a safe place. So maybe even though the entity itself is bankrupt and not able to make payroll or make any of its other liabilities, the fact that it's actually able to, its customer deposits were separate. That makes a lot of sense. By the way, these are the rules that broker dealers have to adhere to, right? Like they can't commingle assets between customers and their own. And that's what really protects the consumer in that case.
Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely. I also want to talk a little bit about your recent, your recent blog slash video. You have these really great videos on YouTube. What's driving token prices? And we were just talking about it off camera and you were saying, you know, that you just, that the industry needs more concise, to the point, education. I think these are great videos for that. So plug in that for you. And, you know, if you're interested, definitely go over to YouTube and type in Arca, Katy, Tilati, check it out. But so you cover token prices and what's affecting them. You know, walk us through some of the tokens you were looking at recently and kind of what you see kind of affecting those tokens.
Speaker C: Sure. So, I mean, last week, I don't have the overall price moves, but I think last week I talked about binance coin, which is kind of similar to FTT, but it's for the binance exchange, which is the largest exchange by volume in the world for crypto. They actually saw about $10 billion in outflows since, uh, kind of some of these rumors started. But just following FTX, every crypto exchange has been kind of under the microscope. A lot of people have been digging up, you know, on chain detectives, trying to sleuth out, you know, the exchanges, cold wallets, hot wallets, figuring out, do they actually have the reserves that they claim to have. Um. So binance has definitely had some, I guess, unsteady footing in recent, um, in recent weeks. And that has led to that, like I said, about $10 billion in net outflows from their exchange, and unfortunately, a decline in their BNB tokens since a lot of people seem to be just kind of worried about, I guess, where the contagion could potentially spread to next.
Speaker B: Yeah, 10 billion out in alfls is huge. And, I mean, obviously, I've been seeing a lot of those rumors myself. I saw a tweet from Corey Klipstein the other day. I mean, obviously. Well, I won't say what I was about to say, but I saw a tweet from him, and he was saying, hey, that take your coins off binance. It's this one of the themes that has really been kind of central to this whole binance rumor is this proof of reserves and kind of this, you know, unhappiness that people have with the auditing process. Some auditors recently left the industry the space they're not really interested in there. Can you speak to that a little bit about what's. What's going on there?
Speaker C: Sure. So, I mean, this isn't just a binance problem. This is every crypto exchange, but one of the regulator or, sorry, one of the auditors that. So just to give people context, if you're not familiar. So an auditor, traditionally, their job is to basically be an independent third party. And they go into businesses funds, and they just say, okay, the money that they say they have is there. Their financials are as accurate as we think they are, based on our kind of, like, external investigation. And then they issue what's called an opinion, and they basically just say, you know, it's kind of like a stamp of approval but for public companies, that's required for certain, for funds of a certain size, it's required exchanges, by the way, they basically do it because they're privately held. They don't really actually have to do it. The only one that's not is coinbase, obviously, which is publicly listed. So, so all the exchanges were getting audits done by a third party auditor. Unfortunately, following FTX, a lot of auditors have gotten kind of calls from the top, either their management or actually their insurance carriers have said, hey, we really don't want you doing digital asset audits anymore. We think that this is a huge risk to our business. And so they've been kind of pressured to back off from the space and from the industry. So unfortunately, as a result, a lot of, as a result, it seems that I think one of them is called mazars. They've just completely withdrawn from offering audits to crypto exchanges. So a lot of them are having to look for new auditors in the space. But that doesn't really impact the proof of reserves. I think that binance was looking to perform. I believe that they're actually looking at more of a long term technical solution that you can see on chain, which would be beneficial. I do caution people, though, proof reserves, great concept. I think everybody, every exchange should do this. Every crypto business should be transparent. That is the purpose of blockchain transparency, immutability, decentralization. But at the same time, it's not good enough to just say, okay, binance has $10 billion in reserves, or whatever, sorry, they've got, I think, $60 billion in deposits to say, okay, they've got $60 billion in their reserves, according to proof of reserves. You also need to know what their liabilities are on the other side of that, and that their liabilities don't exceed those reserves. Because that is actually the issue that we faced with FTX just now, is that essentially their liabilities greatly exceeded their reserves that they had, in addition to a lot of other issues, but at a very high level, that is one problem that they faced. So while the idea, the concept of proof of reserves, I think is great, I think transparency is what we need to strive for in digital assets. I don't think it is the end all be all.
Speaker B: Yeah, I don't think it's the end all be all either. And I do agree that it's a great concept. And I think we kind of have the door open a little bit and we just have to kind of, as an industry, kind of get it open and get into the room. And I think over time we'll start to see some progression there. I want to move on to our last story. So this one. Twitter has integrated cryptocurrency prices into search results. It uses a plugin from charting platform trading view to allow this functionality. When users search for stocks or crypto, they will see the latest chart in the search results. It also includes a link to the Robinhood trading platform. Twitter says it's going to add more tickers in the coming weeks. And obviously Twitter is this place for crypto discourse. You know, a lot of the Times we see breaking news, it comes, you know, from Twitter. And I think it'd be kind of, I mean, even myself personally, I mean, if I see some type of, you know, tweet, I mean, I can just search it, you know, on the, the symbol right there, I can see what's going on with the price. I mean, Katie, what do you think this says about, I guess, web two companies, institutional companies, these kind of traffic companies in general, or like this kind of old, these companies coming into this ecosystem and the mass adoption of crypto?
Speaker C: Oh, well, that was a loaded question. But to start with, I would say Twitter has always been on the forefront of kind of trying to bridge its way into digital assets. Assets. They were the one of the first to add crypto tipping abilities, I believe, last year. And then even Jack Dorsey, when he was at the helm of Twitter, he was really pushing forward, trying to help bitcoin adoption, really push for more digital assets initiatives in Twitter. He seems to recognize that the future is probably within digital assets. And I think that is what we're going for here. I think it's great that Twitter has implemented this, actually. I think more so from transparency and just information standpoint. Like, I think online, a lot of people say, you know, they might quote something and say, oh, this asset is up, you know, x amount in the last seven days. But, you know, maybe a price chart may actually tell, like, the full story. So I think, you know, just having kind of external links to sources and stuff in general just helps with, you know, information gathering. In terms of broader web two adoption, I was actually going to tell you, this is definitely one of the great things that we've seen the last year, I would say has been super positive. We've had so many traditional web two companies come in to start to embrace digital assets, most notably Starbucks launching their NFT odyssey via Polygon. We've also had Instagram say that they're going to be allowing, users are allowed to mint and show their nfts on the Instagram platform. You've seen Ticketmaster come in and say that they're going to start allowing event organizers to issue tickets as nfts. There's a lot, and there's even more that I'm not mentioning. But the fact that we're seeing these huge web, two companies create these digital asset strategies and embrace the technology that's already here versus trying to build it themselves, I think that's really important and definitely a trend we're going to see continue in 2023.
Speaker B: Yeah, definitely. Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real vision crypto daily briefing.
Speaker C: Whoa.
Speaker B: Landing an account this big will totally change my landscaping business.
Speaker C: It's gonna mean hiring more guys and.
Speaker B: More equipment and new trucks for the new guys to drive the new equipment in. I don't know if I'm ready.
Speaker C: You can do this. And Ford Pro finsimple can help. Our experts are ready to make growing pains less painful for your business with flexible financing solutions that meet the needs of your business today when you need them. Get started@fordpro.com.
Speaker B: Financing well, I want to, if you, if we have, for time purposes, I want to move on to some viewer questions. But before that, I want to remind our viewers to subscribe to our YouTube channel. That way you never miss the crypto analysis that we cover daily. So this question is coming from Ralph H. On the real vision website. He says, one thing to be pointed out is that FTX Japan was an acquisition and not an exchange built up from the ground floor by FTX. And also japanese lawmakers took their learnings from Mount Gox to enhance the regulatory regime, all of which may have made a difference. And then which token does KDC as the third and fourth main tokens after BTC? Oh, I guess that first one does not have a question there. But I guess the question there that comes after is which token does KDC as the third and fourth main tokens after BTC and ETH? I guess in, in terms of adoption.
Speaker C: In terms of adoption. Sorry. I mean, definitely ethereum, I think in terms of kind of building this layer one platform that is widely adopted, widely used, we're seeing that, right? And we're seeing that the layer two scaling solutions that are launching on top of it are getting more and more sophisticated. And I think that kind of following some of the upgrades that Ethereum has planned for next year, it's really going to push forward kind of this longer term adoption, especially when it comes to upgrades such as prototype sharding and some of the solutions that are working for layer two, such as optimistic roll ups.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, as we speak about trends, Katie, I mean, do you see any other trends for 2023 that I think are particularly notable? I know that you guys released the 2023 digital asset predictions. Your exact team have a few of those. I mean, one of the ones that stood out to me was something about a stable coin that you guys think that there'll be an institutional stable coin that we might see there in 2023. Exec said that. Are there any in particular that you think are worth noting in the stablecoin space or just in general? Out of all the predictions from one.
Speaker C: Prediction, particularly for me that I've been thinking about is I think we're definitely going to see a return to DeFi, to self custody, following some of the issues we've had with centralized parties this year. Not just FTX, but Celsius, Voyager, blockfi. At the end of the day, I know a lot of people have been taking to Twitter and say, not your keys, not your crypto, but it's true, like, you know, you need to have custody of your assets and Defi allows you to still transact with your assets while keeping custody of them. So I think that's one trend we're definitely going to see continue heading into next year. I also think another big one that's going to rise up and because it has so many different kind of implications for Defi, for the growth of digital assets, and also just for, for institutional adoption is what's called decentralized identity, or the idea of having some sort of credit score on your wallet, on the blockchain. So there's a ton of different kind of angles that that can be approached with. But, you know, we do think that something like having decentralized identity will really drive forward adoption of digital assets and, you know, allow the space to really grow in a meaningful way.
Speaker B: Absolutely.
Speaker C: Another area, too, I'm definitely, you know, excited about is I would also say, oh, I didn't mention scaling, I'm so sorry, the on chain identity. But then also, like the web three social movements. So kind of some of the stuff we're seeing, like with Twitter, pushed forward into trying to be more of a web three company, but also projects that are trying to help with the social experience more from the ground up, like owning your fan base, owning your data, all of those things they think are really important to the individual because web three, at the end of the day, at the end of the day is really about bringing back the power to the individual person and not allowing centralized entities to have control of any of it.
Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely. We have another question here from Oliver B. On YouTube. He says, hi, Katie. Crypto casinos aside, what are your thoughts regarding institutional adoption of bitcoin in 2023? Where do you see interest coming from, from, based on your research.
Speaker C: Great question. I actually think that. So bitcoin is really an interesting asset. I unfortunately think in the last year and a half, it's become much more of a global macro risk asset than it has the initial digital asset that people get into space with. It's also really interesting talking to investors and allocators today versus three years ago. Three years ago, people were, they knew very little about digital assets. Assets. But bitcoin was always the first thing that they learned about in the ecosystem. So it was always the first thing that people bought, because then they could learn to self custody it. They could understand a bit just basically about how mining works, how blockchains work, and it made them more comfortable with the space. What I found, though, now is talking to people this year, they are way more sophisticated than they were three years ago. And while they initially understand bitcoin and the kind of, I guess, pitch around it being a digital gold, they see that as having kind of a cap and that there is more potential beyond that. And so for a lot of them, I come now to meetings and they're like, oh, yeah. Like, I've been doing, I've been using opensea with my metamask, and then I've been going to, like, uniswap and, like, trading, you know, this, like, this stable coin for ETh. And then I've been going and depositing it into Aave and lending it out. And, like, for a lot of them, they've really definitely gone down the rabbit hole in terms of trying to, like, grasp what else can be done with, you know, digital asset and blockchain technology. And for them, it's not just limited to bitcoin, which I think is great because at the end of the day, while bitcoin, I think is, I said, I think it's the perfect gateway for people to learn about the space. It's been, you know, the breakthrough technology that has allowed this space to grow. It's still, you know, at the end of the day, it still maybe has, like, an upward bound. And we shouldn't rely on just bitcoin to grow the space.
Speaker B: Absolutely. We shouldn't just rely on bitcoin. There's, there's so many great protocols being built. So, uh, Katie, was this been, this has been a fantastic conversation. I want to move on to our takeaways next. So for me, the big thing was that there's just things to still be optimistic for. You mentioned that we went through the ethereum merge. You mentioned staking kind of energy, energy uses. We also talked a lot about some of the kind of trends that we could see, the predictions that we have. And I think that everything that you've outlined, I think is definitely something that could be good. And then you mentioned regulation, and we could see positive regulatory kind of changes there that could push the industry forward. Those are my kind of takeaways from the conversation. How about you? Is there anything that you'd like to leave our viewers with?
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, I think, look, 2022 was a very difficult year for digital assets and even for the macro environment broadly. And I know a lot of people are, you know, like I said, kind of throwing large, you know, remarks out like, this is the end of digital assets. But I think, you know, don't be discouraged. I think that reminder that there's still so many smart people building in this space, that there's so many people that are trying to make the space succeed, that there's so many great technologies, technologies that we're still uncovering, that there is a lot of opportunity still. And this is just really early days. Hopefully what has happened this year will kind of help, you know, move things like regulation forward, which will long term help grow the industry and will also help with education in the long run as well. So those are the things I'm kind of looking forward towards in 2023 and beyond.
Speaker B: Awesome. Well, Katie, final question, what would be the best present crypto could give you for Christmas?
Speaker C: The best crescent crypto could give me? Oh, gosh, that's a tough question.
Speaker B: A resurgence is better prices, I guess, is what people probably say.
Speaker C: But, yeah, the best present. Well, earlier this week, Quadriga CX, if you were familiar with that exchange story from a few years ago, some of the crypto that was in some of the cold wallets was moved around and nobody knows why. So I think it would be awesome if we found out that they actually had access to that crypto and were able to return those funds to users. That would be my Christmas present.
Speaker B: That would be very awesome. Well, a message to our viewers and listeners. If you are still looking for a Christmas present, head over to realvision.com gift 2022. You can gift a real vision membership and get a discount on your renewal, two birds with 1 st. So we appreciate that. Head over there and definitely check that promotion out of again. Katie, thank you so much for this conversation. It's really been a great one. Before I let you go, is there how can people keep up with you and Arca?
Speaker C: Sure. So Arka, we're pretty easy on Twitter. It's. You can also go to our website. We have a great blog and newsletter that we put out every Monday called that's our two satoshis. It's Market recap. You can subscribe to that in your inbox at AR Ca blog and then I'm on Twitter adeladi. Pretty easy. And you can also find it from any of the Arca social profiles. Awesome.
Speaker B: Well, it was a pleasure having you on the show today.
Speaker C: Awesome. Thanks for having me, Marco.
Speaker B: Well, that's it for today. If you're not a subscriber yet, don't forget to subscribe. Real Vision Crypto is free for those of you watching on YouTube. Remember to subscribe and hit the notification bell so you can stay up to date with the latest crypto analysis. Join us again tomorrow for the final show of the year. It's going to be really festive and fun. See you at noon Eastern, 05:00 p.m. london Live on real Vision Crypto daily briefing.
