Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30. 30 baby get 30 baby get 20. 2020, baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint.
Speaker C: Mobile.Com switch $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time Unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: Hello, everyone, and welcome back to the real Vision Crypto daily briefing. Here's why you should tune into today's show. FTX files for bankruptcy and gets hacked all within 24 hours. Can CC's proposed industry recovery fund stop the bloodbath? Christopher Perkins of Coinfund and are also another guest. Elie Ben Sasson from Starwort will join us live today. I'm Paul Guerra and Santiago Velez is with me. Santiago, what a crazy week we just lived through. How are you holding up?
Speaker E: Thanks for asking. I'm doing great. And I can't say that is true for a lot of people in the industry. There's a lot of pain out there and I'm very sorry about that. But what I'm hopeful for is today we're going to bring some insights from our awesome guests, which I think can help people navigate their way through this and we'll get out much better on the other side. So thanks for having me.
Speaker D: Of course. And thank you for being with us. And 100%, we have a great, great panel of experts today. And yes, self custody is going to be one of those themes that we're going to be touching today because it's really necessary, especially nowadays. By the way, don't forget to subscribe to real vision crypto. It's free. And if you're watching on YouTube, you know the drill. Smash everything like subscribe, hit the notification bell so you never miss when we go live. But now let's jump right into the latest price action. So the market has stabilized somewhat and the total crypto market cap is around 830 billion. And bitcoin endured a torrid week. It fell 20% and now it's trading at around $16,500 and a little change from 24 hours ago, but off the lows of 5900. So it's playing between those lines. And bitcoin hit a few hours ago, that like 15, 900 mark and then a tweet by Binance CEO CZ is offering to shore up liquidity for the industry. That has possibly helped. Also, Ethereum is up on a 24 hours basis after suffering a similarly awful week. It fell 21% and now is trading at 1200 bucks. However, the biggest loser in the top 100 last week, other than FTX's native token FTT was Solana. Why? Of course, because it's being always said that it's being backed by FTX. So the whole Solana ecosystem has suffered and the token lost more than 50% of its value and now it's trading below $14. Santiago, what are your thoughts about this market today?
Speaker E: Well, you know, if anybody was paying close attention last week we saw a bear market rally in equities. I think a lot of that driven by the weak CPI print that could have translated to the digital asset markets. Unfortunately, we had these ongoing real time events that just is shaking the industry to the core. So we haven't really been a beneficiary of that rally. So unfortunately, I feel where we have more ways to go, more ways down, more pain. We're still suffering through this kind of secular change in Fed policy, tightening financial conditions. And so until that really turns around and the narrative starts to turn around, I would expect prices to continue to lower. That being said, it's been surprisingly resilient, given all of the bad news. But I think that there's quite a few companies that are still caught up in this web and we're going to see some wind downs over a period of time. So it's by far not over.
Speaker D: Far not over. And yes, very resilient. Some people were expecting already bitcoin to be around the $12,000 mark or something, and it's been holding up well for now. Thanks, Sandiago, for your insights about price action. But now let's get into our top story again. Once again, lots of developments. The FTX crisis has gone from bad to worse. But could there be a light at the end of the tunnel? Let's recap for everyone who hasn't been on top of the news. What happened since our last show on last Thursday. And that day, some withdrawal from FTX resumed and there was a lot of confusion. Who has allowed, who was allowed to make them, who was allowed to withdraw their money or their funds from FTX? But then FTX later confirmed that it was only withdrawals from the Bahamas. Only people who held funds under the bahamian funds were able to withdraw. And they said that the amounts were small relative to the available funds they had. And that made a lot of people on Twitter. Very suspicious. And then Friday, the company announced that it filed for bankruptcy protection in the United States. Also, they said that Sam Bagman fried SBF was out as the CEO, and they replaced him by John Ray. Then, boom, another bombshell fell, and it was that the company's general counsel, Ryan Miller confirmed on Telegram. And here we quote, FTX has been hacked. FTX apps are malware. Delete them. Chat is open. Don't go on the FTX site, as it might download trojans, end quote. So Coindesk reported that hundreds of millions of dollars were transferred out illegally. Even some people on crypto Twitter were saying that this was an inside job, and all of this is yet to be seen. But the company is also facing a criminal investigation in the Bahamas. And a few minutes ago, it was also broken that the south district of New York is also opening an investigation in FTX. So this is all unfolding as we're talking here. And the carnage ensued over the weekend. To put a backstop, a few hours ago, Binance CEO Chang Peng Zhao, also known as CZ, announced that he will launch a, quote, industry recovery fund to help projects who are otherwise strong but inland liquidity crisis, end quote. Santiago, what do you make of all of this?
Speaker E: You know, in Spanish we have a word, tele noela, which is a ongoing drama. My wife, who's not interested in digital assets at all, has find this incredibly captivating. This is going to make a Netflix documentary someday for the ages, so this is going to keep going. People need to pay close attention and make sure that they take action. Don't wait for someone to come and rescue you. These are highly unregulated markets. There won't be a bailout from the government, and bankruptcy proceedings can take years. So protect yourself, make good practices, and pay attention to what's going on. With respect to finance, this may seem like a kind of a white horse, white night situation, a savior, but we need to be careful. This space was predicated on building decentralized ecosystems and peer to peer transactions. And so to kind of put our future in the hands of a few larger institutions would be the wrong direction, in my opinion. So I feel that this is an opportunity to re examine the things that went wrong and building it. Start from scratch, take these lessons learned, and build something better. So let's not make some more mistakes.
Speaker D: Yeah, and it's ironic because actually, a few months ago, we were always talking about SBF. He was calling himself, like, the white knight of Crypto. He was supposedly to be the savior who was helping companies on the bridge of bankruptcy. Now here we are. But, well, for this, we have a great panel of guests today. Let's bring them in. Christopher Perkins is the president at Coinfund and it is a crypto investment firm. And we are also joined by Eli Ben Sasson. He's a co founder and president of Starkware, the creator of the blockchain scalability solution, Starknet. Welcome to the show, gentlemen.
Speaker F: Thanks for having us on.
Speaker G: Thanks for having us on.
Speaker D: Of course. Please. Let's start with you, Chris. FTX collapse has been called by some the Lehman moment for crypto. Some others say it's more similar to Enron, but most call it the Lehman moment for crypto. For those who don't know, the fall of the Lehman Brothers investment bank was widely seen as a major contributing factor to the 2008 financial crisis. Chris, you were there when Lehman fell. Tell us what it's like. What is what to be there at those, that trading floor, those offices, when all this unfolded. You made a great twitter thread about this. So how could a company the size of Lehman or the size of FTX in 2022 terms collapse like that?
Speaker F: Yeah, I was sitting there on the trading floor when we went bankrupt at Lehman. And I'll start by saying FTX is not Lehman. It's not Enron. It's going to be unique and weird. We have no idea what's going to come out through the wash. And it's something to think about. But I tweeted about this because sitting on the floor, I think there are some similarities, particularly if you're an employee. And the first thing is that I'm about 100% sure that the vast preponderance of FTX employees had very little to nothing to do with this. These are good people. These are hardworking people. These are the smartest people in the room and they're really good people. I had a chance to speak to a lot of them and I said, look, let me guess. You have no idea what's going on. You had no clue that this type of behavior was happening behind closed scenes. You don't know what the future is going to bring. You're sad, you're upset, you're angry. And they all agreed with it. And so I guess what I was trying to do is to explain to them that out of these ashes, phoenixes do rise. And I think despite the challenges, this is a major setback. A major setback. And that said, it's important to look toward the future. And what are some of those important things to learn first? You made a great point, Santiago. The whole idea of blockchain technology is to enable decentralization. This is an example of extreme centralization. Like I said, not even the employees were involved in most of this stuff. It was a handful of players. And again, this is not unique to crypto. We saw it with Lehman Brothers. We saw it with MF Global. I know Raoul Paul, he tweeted about that recently. Peregrine, long term capital management, Bear Stearns. It's the same formula. The formula is one of tight central control. Very opaque, a ton of opacity. Right. A misunderstanding of leverage and risk management. And for whatever reason, we have failed to. I mean, I still think that there's going to be this desire for C five. I mean, people want it. And why do they want it? We think probably because of the experience. And so as we look forward, I think we need to go back to first principles. And what are we trying to do? We're trying to enable this thing called DeFi. The goal is inclusive markets. But to really make that goal a reality, we need to think about why we're still going to CFI. And I think a lot of it has to do with client experience. And it's a theme that we have to develop. But the long, short of it is heart goes out to those FTX employees. They're going to reemerge. And for me, after we went bankrupt at Lehman, it gave me an opportunity for a second to pick my head up and say, gosh, if I stayed here, I would have been along this very linear trajectory. But I think you're going to see a lot of people break out of this, learn a lot from it, and hopefully the result will be some exponential growth, I think. And that's what I'm excited about as a firm. We're focusing on our portfolio companies right now. How can we help them? We had very, very limited exposure to FTX. That's a good thing. And so it's about how do we help our portfolio? What services do they need? How do we bring them through this challenging period? And the last thing I'll say is that I knew SBF. I testified with him, and I testified around a very nuanced part of regulation that I was trying to solve. And it went back to futures markets. And I'll be honest with you, I stand by my testimony. I encourage people to read it. And what I was trying to do is I was trying to reduce the dependency on intermediaries in the system. Right. In order to try to accomplish this dream of greater centralization. So, anyway, long answer to a very thoughtful question, and I look forward to discussing it further.
Speaker E: Chris, if I might jump in here, what do you feel the role of kind of this cult of personality played in this? I feel that there was a lot of social validation, social signaling that gave people a confidence, trust in what should be a trustless system, a trustless trans. What's your view on that? How did that play in here?
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint mobile, unlimited premium wireless 30, 30, baby get 30, baby get 20. 2020, baby get 2020. Betty get 15.
Speaker A: 1515 just $15 a month, so give it a try@mintmobile.com.
Speaker C: Switch $45 up front for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited. More than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker F: Look, if we step back and we're honest with each other, I think a lot of the investors in FTX, they, for whatever reason, got swept up in a lot of the hype and many different controls were missed. I think you would argue that the same sort of controls were missed with something like a madoff. And again, I'm not comparing the two. I don't know enough about FTX. Nobody does yet. But there should be boards. There should be governance. There needs to be checks and balances. Things were way too opaque, and I think a lot of people overlook that. And it's an issue. And I think going forward, people cycles repeat, and then when the next crazy bull cycle comes around, it's going to be imperative that people remember that governance matters and transparency matters, and boards have an important role. So, yeah, absolutely. I thought that was part of it.
Speaker E: And speaking of governance, we can talk about the regulator and the fact that this started off as an offshore exchange has now trickled into many us domestic companies and FTX us. But what role do you think the regulator either did or not play or maybe should have played? What's your view there? And I also encourage Eli Eli to weigh in as well.
Speaker F: Eli, did you want to go first.
Speaker G: On the role of regulator? Well, okay. So, first of all, I want to start by also expressing my deep feelings for all those who lost money in FTX. They certainly are the first to get hurt and the last to be blamed for anything. It's harrowing and very unfortunate, and my heart goes out to all those who lost their funds. And then to the employees, Peter was mentioning that they also did an honest job and didn't even know what was going on. That's very important to remember that at the end, many people have been hurt, and that's very unfortunate. I think that, well, crypto is really about bringing back the peer to peer nature of commerce in an electronic setting. The peer to peer nature of commerce has been the essence of commerce for millennia. And we now live in this period of somewhat aberration, where almost all of our financial transactions go through central parties. That's, of course, bad. And crypto is a fix to that. So it's a much needed fix here. What we have is a situation where, because of various technological and other reasons, people were lured into ceding custody and control over their assets to someone who promised them a lot, and then misappropriated those funds and mistreated them. And basically, seemingly, based on what we see so far in Twitter and so on, cheated and ran off and did things that were not warranted. And that's very unfortunate. There are several different ways this could be fixed. One is to say, okay, centralized parties are a thing that must exist. And because they must exist, someone needs to regulate them. And then there's a role for regulation. The very interesting thing about crypto is that it also opens the door to things like self regulation via cryptography, transparency, inclusivity. If you take even bitcoin, the mother of all blockchains, it is not regulated. And double spends are not prevented by regulation. They are prevented by a mixture of cryptography and open peer to peer protocol and transparency. So there are similar ways in which you could also have better ways to control funds and exchanges. And even when they're centralized, and I don't object to the correct kind of regulation, but as we all know from too many settings, and I read some reports today, I forgot it was on fortune or on Forbes, that, for instance, the SEC, which is supposed to be the top regulator that should regulate such things, actually, one way I think they phrased it, was that all of this happened under its nose. So I, for one, would prefer, I don't object to good regulation. I'm a bit wary of it that often. It. It actually permits such things. So I'm much more a proponent of technological and protocol kinds of assurances that guarantee integrity, which means that the right thing is done even when no one is watching.
Speaker E: Oh, go ahead.
Speaker D: Sorry. I just wanted to ask Elie, because of his expertise through Starcare, actually, about self custody, how can we explain this to people who are watching or maybe listening to this on the podcast, that how can they prevent this? In layman's terms, maybe zero knowledge proves. What sorts of ways can people take action in order to take care of their own custody, their own funds, their own crypto, their own assets, in order to prevent this from keep happening? Because we're in 2022 if this story keeps repeating itself.
Speaker G: So to a layperson that doesn't know the math and technology, I would just say that self custody, in the end, means for you as an end user that you own the keys, that and only you own the keys to your funds, and even if they're on exchange or whatnot. So if you think about it, most exchanges, and of course FTX, was one such exchange, we call them centralized exchanges, they basically said, you don't have to worry about your keys, your private keys. You don't have to go and let's say, buy this frightening hardware or like, you know, write your passphrase in a frightening way that you may lose it. No, just trust us. We have this very smart MIT graduate that everyone loves and his team. What could go wrong? When you talk about self custody, the simplest thing is to understand that it means that you, as a trader on an exchange or as a holder of cryptocurrency, you should be holding the keys to your funds. And it's actually not that hard to do it. You know, you hold the keys to your apartment, you hold the keys to your car, you actually are in control of your physical well being. These are far more frightening and consequential things. It's not so frightening, and it's not so hard to adopt measures by which you can control the custody of your tokens, which again, means you hold the keys. And then there's a variety of platforms that will give you a very pleasant trading and transacting interface while still allowing you to hold your keys. That's what it means for you, the end user that doesn't know anything about how it works.
Speaker E: I think this goes back to Chris's point earlier about there will always be a desire for a customer service and experience that is curated, and we shouldn't confuse that with the kind of responsibility that comes with a holding digital assets, which are these bare instruments. So we want to make sure that we strike a good balance. Personally, what I would recommend as some very basic common sense steps is to essentially divorce the activities that occur on centralized exchanges. So we could have lendering and borrowing, we could have just a simple act of exchanging peer to peer trades, facilitating a trade, and those two activities may not mix without certain criteria being met. So, you know, that's a good first step. And frankly, this is the most transparent technology to have ever existed in mankind. So there's no excuse that we don't have proof of reserves, proof of liabilities, merkle trees, things that allow individuals, if they do want, to subject themselves to some temporary exposure on trade, to verify that what those, what the counterparty risk really is. So with that, I want to ask Chris, what are your thoughts then on how should we proceed? We've got defi. On the one hand, we've got decentralized exchanges. What are your recommendations?
Speaker F: No, I loved what you talked about. Going back to principles and all regulations should be principle based. Legislation should be principle based. One of the things that's been frustrating for me is that I feel like this was a failure of policy because we don't have the policies in place that effectively enabled the regulators to do their job because it just wasn't very clear. But love the point that you made around transparency. That's what blockchain delivers. And darn it, it's really hard to facilitate fraud, manipulation and abuse if everything is transparent and on chain. We really need to engage these principles. The second principle I'll talk about is inclusivity. You don't have to go through a loan officer who looks at the color of your skin or makes some subjective decision if you should have access to liquidity or not. If a equals b, then c, and that's a good thing. Where do we go from here? I think there's going to be a significant amount of policy action which will result in simultaneous regulatory action. I would argue that now is the time to be more engaged than ever on those two fronts, because I think there's just a lack of general knowledge across those two bases. And we have to educate people on those principles that I described earlier and how we can apply those principles. Oh, by the way, if the protocol wants to change, typically there's a vote and there's democratic governance around it. Right? These are western values. Right. This is not dictatorial central control. These are western values. So how do we translate those values into outputs? How do we translate them into the promise of inclusivity only comes with great adoption. Otherwise it's just a very niche business. So I think it's just very important that we go back to focusing on the values and then solving for some of those gaps, user experience, et cetera.
Speaker E: I'm glad you mentioned this idea of inclusion because that means scalability and a lot of times what's happened is that the centralized exchanges have taken on the role of addressing some of the scalability problems that the layer webs have. In other words, if everybody were to try and do their trade and execute at scale on the layer ones, they would seize up. It wouldn't function correctly on a DAx or the fees might be prohibited. But we have layer two solutions. So on that, Elliot, can you talk about maybe how stark would solve some of that, could take some of the burdens off of the scalability issues and relieve some of the need for that centralization?
Speaker G: Yeah. So a major reason that centralized exchanges are the go to place to many customers is because if you want to transact directly on blockchain on places like Ethereum, it's going to be very cumbersome and it's going to be very costly. Basically, the deal that centralized exchanges like FTX have been offering customers is, okay, you send once your ethereum, let's say, or bitcoin to us, and then you just talk to us and we basically settle everything on our books. Okay, well, there are a set of technologies. Starquares is one of them. It's called a validity roll up. But there are others that use optimistic roll ups and other techniques by which you can have the scale and throughput and low cost of a centralized exchange. Also, even through a very easy to use interface that gives you very fast finality and a very good user experience while still having very low fees, and you always maintain custody of your funds. So let me just explain what it means in a self custodial exchange, and I can just mention several examples of such things. There's DydX, canvas Rhino, and there are some in the NFT World surveyor and immutable X, and there are a few others. What happens is basically you deposit your funds, but you still control them. You are the only one that has the keys. So if there is an SBF that would want to take the funds that are in the exchange and put them as collateral or send them off to some other location, he cannot do this. It is prevented in a cryptographic way by the blockchain and by the cryptography that supports these systems. It is impossible to send them. He can send these funds to the same extent that he can send the us dollars in your bank account that he has no access to. Okay, so these are self custodial exchanges and they have been around for several years. They are very trustworthy. The technology works great. And I implore the customers and traders and users to look into self custody and also demand it from the exchanges that they work with. I want to mention another thing in this context. One other solution that has been advanced recently as the answer to this problem by, for instance, czdhennae others, is proof of reserve. So what does proof of reserve mean? It is some sort of self regulation and self auditing, which means that the centralized exchange using a proof of reserve still has full control of all the assets. Okay. And it can, if it so chooses, can send them off to some other address and location. However, once in a while, let's say once per day or once per month, it needs to generate a cryptographic proof that is impossible to forge, that it still controls certain keys. So the difference between full self custody and a proof of reserve mechanism is. A proof of reserve mechanism is something that will let you post factum know that something went wrong. So it's like something that, you know, you're going to see the smoke as this, as the fire is already going on. Whereas a fully self custodial solution will prevent this fire, it is, you know, like fire prone, sorry, fire resistant material that just does not burn. So I, of course, think that adding to places like binance proofs of reserve is a step forward. Right now, we basically just have to trust CZ, or to trust Brian Armstrong with Coinbase, or to trust Jesse Powell with Kraken, and so on and so on. Well, we trusted SBF with FTX, and we saw how that ended. So definitely having a proof of reserve is a step forward. But the solution, and the thing people should be demanding and asking for, is fully self custodied exchanges in which it's beyond proving that you own the reserves, you are prevented, even as the exchange operator, from sending those funds elsewhere.
Speaker H: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what. With each vendor. Ramp's software collects and verifies receipts instantly to save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments, time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get $250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy, ramp.com easy remp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank.
Speaker F: And celtic bank members of DIC.
Speaker H: Terms and conditions apply.
Speaker F: If I could chime in, I think those are incredible points. Proof of reserves are important. Self custody, totally get it. But let's go back to Lehman and what happened there, and let's talk about how we can take those lessons forward. When I was sitting running my derivatives book, and we went insolvent, people would call up, like I said in my tweet, they say, hey, give me my money back. But the fact is that it wasn't their money, because legally it now became property of the estate. So I would also add to everything you're saying, elie, by saying that we need a legal overlay to deliver something called segregation. And so in the aftermath of the crisis, those assets are further for clients, legally segregated. So the remote of bankruptcy provider, and there are numerous different examples of existing legal precedent, whether it's the 4d segregation of CFTC Commodities and Exchange act, or tripartite, ACAS is an example that evolved that crisis. So there's very tech, it gets very technical. But I would also suggest that you can make it even stronger with an appropriate legal overlay that delivers segregation. Perfected legal segregation of assets. You know, if the, if the company goes, the funds are protected, of course, accompanied by that. Proof of reserve.
Speaker E: Yeah, proof of liabilities. You know, what good are proof of reserves if you don't even know the other side of the balance sheet? So I think in the future, the best combination is going to be legal assurances and technical blockchain assurances. And however the end user decides to participate in this space, whether it's through a centralized or decentralized manner, they will have layers of protection, they'll have the tools they need to do so.
Speaker G: Safety, if I may just say one thing. So of course, I support legal enforcement and legal separations of things. I just want to say that the blockchains also have this really amazing. This goes back to Satoshi's ingenious invention and this phrase, code is law. In certain cases, the code and the protocols and the cryptography are so powerful that of course you should also have law, but they do better. I'll give an example. So you have laws against forging a dollar bill, which is essentially in blockchain world, you would say this is a double spend because you have $2 that should have been where there should have been one in blockchain world, for instance, on bitcoin, of course, you don't want to allow a double spend. The way it is prevented is by this amazing invention of blockchains and proof of work and consensus protocol and transparency and all of the cryptography that goes into it. So there's also a bunch of cryptography that allows you to operate self custodially in a way that prevents certain things. So, for instance, it actually prevents the operator of the exchange from taking the funds and misusing them in any way. That is not part of what the code allows them to do. And of course, I support also having legal structures for those cases that are not enforced by the code. But blockchain does a little bit better and offers an even higher bar of integrity.
Speaker E: Yeah, I would add that this is a spectrum, because you could have instances of centralized parties interfacing, even at the blockchain level. So I'll give you an example. With DeFi, you could have a wrapped bitcoin, or you could have a stable coin with, that was issued by a counterparty like tether or circle. In both those instances, you could have a smart contract execute exactly as programmed, and nobody could double, spend or divert. But those counterparties issued those assets essentially as an IOU. That wrapped bitcoin is in hell. The actual bitcoin is held with that custodian, or the dollar is held with the issuer of the stablecoin. And so in that case, the blockchain could execute. A smart contract, could execute perfectly, but those counterparties could still fail, those assets could be lost. And so in the future, I would hope that we come out with versions of those things without the need for these counterparties. Maybe through MPC or other more technical solutions. But I definitely think that we'll always be a good combination.
Speaker F: Yeah. Elliot, I don't disagree with anything that you said. I totally, totally makes a ton of sense, and that's how we look at the world as well. But when I look at the example of FTX, where we're operating in an opaque, centrally controlled environment, then I'm suggesting that those types of legal segregation, coupled with that transparency and proof of reserves makes a lot of sense.
Speaker G: Yeah. I also add that even that there are just certain cases where you must. That you just. Cryptography doesn't solve. I'll give an example. You mentioned, like, stable coins, so stable coins that are back, you know, someone is saying, I actually have a million dollars in a safer. In a bank account, and now I'm issuing million dollars. So here the cryptography won't help. You need, you really need legal and auditing frameworks to make sure that in this other universe that the blockchain doesn't know of the banking world or a safe. There is. I mean. I mean, a physical safe right. There actually are honest a million greenbacks sitting there. So certainly, I, of course, agree with Peter and Santiago and Paul. There's always going to be a need for legal regulation and legal frameworks. The nice thing is that there are certain cases where actually cryptography could complement that in a very powerful way. That is impossible in conventional finance.
Speaker D: Very interesting conversation, guys. Thank you so much for all your insights. And let's jump, actually to our key takeaways for what we've been hearing and talking from you. We're talking about some transparency, also the need for self custody, some need for improvement reserves. We're also talking about segregation of funds. Chris was also speaking not only here, but on his Twitter thread that Defi is the solution. So he also elaborated on that. Is there anything else that you guys would like to add? What are you, key takeaways so our audience could take those to marinate on and contemplate them later?
Speaker F: You know, there will be opportunities coming out of this. There'll be a lot of lessons learned. I think it's important to, you know, it's going to take some time to get over this, but I think, as a community, we need to continue to stay focused on the future and really continue to stay focused on the principles we're trying to deliver setback. But I still think we have a very bright future in front of us. We need to take care of each other and look to the future.
Speaker G: My takeaway, first of all, I'm very optimistic about the future as well, of blockchain and of self custody and of cryptography that underlies it. We're seeing tremendous strides in the right direction. And actually, you know, this is a very tragic and catastrophic blow up, but it will clean the water, at least temporarily. My advice to everyone is that when you.
Speaker E: This.
Speaker G: This has happened so many times in human history, and it's going to happen again. When you see something that's just so shiny and so, like, you know, going to the moon and, like, no questions should be asked and, like, self perpetuating, you know, try to be skeptic about it, try to at least hedge against the possibility that maybe it's another made of Ponzi SBF happening. Because when there's greed and desire to make a quick buck, these kinds of, uh, behaviors are gonna reappear. So just beware. And, uh, you know, do your research, be careful, stick the fundamentals.
Speaker E: I'll, I'll just add one final thought there. You know, we've had many of these individuals on real vision, you know, SPF, Alice Mashinsky, et cetera. So we're committed to raising the bar, just asking more detailed questions, providing more information so that we have a responsibility as well. If we're bringing content to our users and they're taking that and it's actionable, we want to make sure that we deliver as much detail and information so that users can make the best decision possible. So we're going to continue to do that and continue to provide that perspective. And that's my personal commitment as well. Yeah.
Speaker D: And also we need, as the old guy said, there's a need for regulation. And let's hope it comes fast because we can't keep waiting for all these house of cars to keep collapsing. And then, ok, it's time to regulate. First we had Thera, then we had like the whole Celsius thing, tornado cash, now FTX. So there's so many things that keep happening and we need also to get some regulation in order to give people some assurance. Also, as you said, Chris, and also you, Ellie, touched at some point, the UX has to be improved in some sort of way to make it more friendly for people because that's probably why, another reason they jump to a centralized exchange because easier to use. So the UX has to be improved. And there's going to be some time to where people are going to be very skittish about crypto, some sort of PTSD. But in order, we need to put the house together and things will start to come through. But now let's jump to some viewer questions. First we have, and thank you for, for all your questions, guys, everyone tuning and watching. If you're watching on YouTube, don't forget to smash the like button here. This one comes from MBZ on YouTube and he says, can you guys talk about the personal relationship between CZ and SBF? This seems real personal.
Speaker G: I can't because I don't have any knowledge of that.
Speaker E: As a third party. It looks like Game of Thrones. I can't help. You know, it looks like. I always find it odd that one exchange might have their tokens on another. That's strange to me, but it's played out in unexpected ways. I think that this industry is very interrelated and commingled and these unwinds can become systemic. I'm just glad that it hasn't spilled over into the general economy. We're still learning the lesson. So it's a ton.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker F: I think interconnectedness is always an item of systemic risk when you think about it. Very important when you step back and you think about what is healthy market structure. Healthy market structure are multiple exchanges all competing for price and for better client experience, et cetera. I think that should be the goal. And maybe the goal is not just centralized exchanges fighting for that liquidity and market share. It would be wonderful to see DeFi also being part of that agenda. We don't want a concentrated marketplace that's not good for anybody. We want to find a ways that where healthy competition and price action.
Speaker D: All right, let's jump to our next question. Norman Brown on YouTube says a lot of talk about SBF lobbying for a crypto bull, but unclear on details. What specifically about that bill was controversial? How would it have, for example, benefited FTX or hurt binance?
Speaker F: I can't speak to how it would have hurt binance per se, but there was a leaking of the bill. And bills go through a lot of sausage making, and it's very difficult to ascertain through the process what's real. But what it sounded like was that the advocacy that was being pursued was to make DeFi regulated like CFI. And that that caused a lot of consternation within the community. And I think rightfully so, because DeFI and CFI are different. And so it's very important to have nuanced principles based regulation that acknowledges those differences. I don't have direct knowledge of SBF or the FTX team specifically advocating to make it exactly the same. And so hopeful that now we can step back and talk about the, again, the principles that are different and how those principles should be deployed and executed when we come to regulation. Because like I said, defi transparent, difficult for fraud, manipulation, and abuse, much different than the opacity that we've seen on the C five side. So it's imperative that we engage and we educate people. I mean, if you go to, like, a website like Defi, rate.com, comma, it's all centralized organizations. I don't know if it's still up, but that education piece is so important because otherwise the baby gets thrown out with the bathwater.
Speaker D: Thank you to all of you. It's been a pleasure to having you on the show. Thank you so much, Santiago, Chris and Ellie, for your insights and for sharing with the audience. It's been great to have you on today's show. And, yeah, please feel free to join us anytime soon for a continuation of this conversation because this has a lot of. We could keep going for hours.
Speaker G: Thank you very much.
Speaker F: So much.
Speaker D: Thank you. And that's it for today. Don't forget, subscribe. Real vision crypto is free. For those of you watching on YouTube. Smash everything the like, button the bell and subscribe. And tomorrow we'll be joined by Jeff Dorman from Arca. And you don't want to miss that. It's going to be great. So see you at noon Eastern time and 05:00 p.m. london time, live on the real vision crypto daily briefing.
