Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited premium wireless. Everybody get 30. 30, baby get 30. Baby get 20. 2020, baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint.
Speaker C: Mobile.Com switch $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: Hello, and welcome back. Real vision crypto daily briefing starts now. Here's why you should watch today's show. FTX will reimburse phishing attack victims to the tune of $6 million. We'll discuss why what happened and why it matters to you. Plus, Joe Chao from Millennial Capital is with us to share his insights on the current state of markets. Stay tuned for that. I'm Nico Bruga. Ash Bennington is with me as always. How's it going, Ash?
Speaker E: I'm doing all right. Maybe a little sick. So if I start sneezing or coughing, I hope I can hit the mute button at time. That's the goal for the show.
Speaker D: I appreciate, Ash, you still rallying and joining us today? I also like to call out, we are the beanie bros. Today. We might start this as part of our Monday tradition, Ash. So let's see how it goes. But in the meantime, don't forget to subscribe to real vision Crypto. It's free if you're watching on YouTube, like subscribe and hit the notification bell so we don't. So you don't miss when we go live. And now a word from Raoul. Things are tough out there. So to stay true to our mission here at real vision to help investors, we have just reduced the price of a subscription to real vision essential to dollar 99. And that's not all. Subscription to the plus tier is just dollar 400 until the end of October. Don't miss these promotion, folks. All right, with that said, I've done my due diligence to spread the word. Let's jump right into the latest price action. The price of bitcoin remains in a tight range. It's currently hovering around a price point of $19,300, which is relatively unchanged over the last seven days, up about 0.5%. We have a busy earnings week ahead of us, so maybe we'll see volatility this week if we get bad news. But for now, it looks like more sideways price action. How about you, Ash? What are you looking at?
Speaker E: Well, Nico, I'm looking at Ethereum right now, and it's pretty much the same story. The price of ETH is fluctuating pretty much sideways, trading in a narrow range between 1200 and the upper 13 hundreds for the last seven days on a trailing 24 hours basis. Looks like it's up just a shade under 2% right now, Nico.
Speaker D: Thank you for that, Ash. I'm also keeping an eye on two more tokens as we're covering them in our stories today. The first is FWT freeways native token. It's down roughly 73% in the last 24 hours after the freeway news, which we'll cover later today. And we're also looking at FTT, the native token of the cryptocurrency exchange FTX. It's down between three to 4% in the last week. Which brings us to our top story today. FTX plans to compensate account holders affected by a phishing attack occurring on a third party website. Sam Bankman Fried, the company's CEO, announced the update via Twitter, adding that the digital asset exchange will provide roughly 6 million in compensation, even though FTX had nothing to do with the phishing site. Sam also made it clear that this is a one time thing, this compensation does not establish a precedent, and that they will not be doing this going forward. Tell me, Ash, what do you think about this story? Lots to unpack here, obviously, Ash.
Speaker E: Yeah, for sure. I'm really not 100% sure what to think about it. Big picture. The single most important thing to understand about these digital asset transactions is they are irrevocable. There's something called transaction finality. Once the transaction has been written to the chain, it is irrevocable. It can't be backed out in most cases, there are some exceptions. But what's interesting here is Sam is proposing something called the five five standard. That is, when there are basically funds that are stolen in an attack or a hack, 5% of the funds that are taken, or $5 million, whichever is less, can go in Sam's proposal to the person who is able to remove the tokens or the liquidity or take the funds. And the idea here is that that serves as kind of like a bug bounty to me. This is really interesting because it's a pretty radical departure, I think, from what we see in traditional finance. I don't think, for example, you're going to hear Jamie Dimon come out with a similar proposal for funds that have been stolen from JP Morgan. So the nature of the structure of the way this works because of this sort of intense transaction finality necessitates a kind of a different paradigm here. And it's interesting to me to see this proposal coming forward from Sam Bankman fried. The devil is in the details, and we'll have to see. By the way, I think you can take a look at the, there's an image somewhere of Sam saying basically that if it gets sent back to FTX, we will, quote, absolve them. Now, I don't really know whether or not, and I'm not an attorney, but I'm not certain that, for example, Sandbank, Eggman, fried has the ability to absolve people who commit a crime. So this is all very new. It's very interesting as a proposal, but I think it's going to take some time before we're actually able to figure out what the implications of this are and whether or not, for example, law enforcement would agree to those terms. So there's a lot here to unpack, a lot to think about very early. I think it's interesting that he's put this proposal forth, and we'll have to see how it shakes out. Nico, thank you for that.
Speaker D: Ash. Definitely lost to unpack. Definitely still the wild, wild west for the crypto world at the moment. So we'll see how this unfolds. But speaking of Sam Bankman free, just last week, you might remember Sam tweeted his thoughts on crypto regulation, including a proposal on industry standards for the digital asset industry. Well, he wasn't expecting what happened next. Many members of the crypto community expressed concerns about the plans he laid out. So SBF took to Twitter to address the backlash. In his retrospective, he thanked everyone that gave him constructive feedback, particularly those who highlighted the core ethos of crypto economic freedom. Tell me, Ash, what do you make of this pushback from the community and SBF's response?
Speaker E: Well, there are a lot of elements to this proposal. There are aspects that concern the five five standard that we were talking about earlier. I sort of pointed out that when there is a theft, for example, if someone breaks into your home and steals something, you may not always have the ability to convince the authorities not to press charges. That's sort of an ongoing legal framework in question. But there are other components here that I think are important to highlight. One of the things that Sam Bankman free discusses in the proposal is the question about what SEC considers to be a security and not a security. But what garners the most criticism here is the component that Sam Bankman Free talks about with regard to OFAC compliance. That's the Office of Foreign Asset controls at the US Department of Treasury. This is the regulator that enforced is foreign sanctioned regimes against foreign nationals, foreign states, and foreign special designated entities. Among the prominent critics here of Sam Bankman Fried's proposal is Eric Voorhees, the founder of Shapeshift. He wrote to SBF, and I'm just gonna quote this here, you can advocate effective Alcatraism, or you can advocate banning 80 million innocent Iranians from the future of global finance. You cannot do both. You can't do both. Glorifying OFAC in proposed crypto industry standards is a non starter. In bold there, set off with asterisks. The disagreement between Voorhees and SPF extends beyond Ofac. Voorhees published an extensive blog post titled, quote, a response to SBf's principled crypto regulation, where he deconstruction responds to each of Sam's specific suggestions, including blacklist hacks, asset listings, and defi, among others. Another prominent critic of SBF was Ryan Sean Adams, who viewers might recognize from the Bankless podcast. His critique of Sam's suggests that adding, quote, this would eliminate the US from the crypto race. This is really an interesting moment for me. It's something that I've been talking about for months on this show, this idea of the irresistible force slamming into the immovable object. It's not my role to advocate for one position over another. And I'm trying to just describe what I see happening here and what I think might happen next to just describe this in an objective and neutral way. To my mind, what we're seeing is this collision between the core ethos that Sam Bankman fried alluded to in his speech, rather, in his remarks that were published. This idea of credible neutrality and censorship resistance, these are two ideas that are very important in the Ethereum space and what may be a collision course, maybe a collision course with federal law. There's a line in the sand here that Sam Bankman Fried can't cross, and if he crosses that line, people aren't going to just say mean things about him on Twitter. If he violates us federal law, he's going to wind up in handcuffs and in a prison cell. And I think he's very aware of that. Sam is one of the wealthiest people in the world, presumably has excellent lawyers advising him. And the reality is that, look, I've been watching regulators, legislators, courts for a while. I'm an amateur at this. I'm not a lawyer I've never worked for a regulator. I've never lived in Washington, DC. But I think it's very possible that we're going to see a significant difference in the ways that regulators look at, for example, SEc civil compliance to whether something is or is not a security versus. We've seen what I would call regulatory forbearance there. We haven't seen as much enforcement on that front as might be possible if regulators were inclined to do so. I think it may be very different to see these OFAC sanctions being enforced. Look, Sam is a us person. He's a us citizen. He has a company that has an arm operating here in the United States. He's very much subject to federal laws. And if he were to permit OFAC sanctioned nations to essentially transact at scale with these cryptocurrencies, essentially moving money, I think there's a fairly substantial. And when I say he could wind up in a jail cell, I don't think that's going to happen, because I. I don't think he's going to do that. I don't think he can do that. I think that he knows that he is significantly, his actions are restricted by us federal law. And I know that there are people who are upset by that, there are people who don't like that circumstance. But I think that's just a sort of neutral, objective description of the way that the laws are written and the obligations that Sam Bankman, Fried and other CEO's have to abide by those laws. So this really is this collision course between the world that us federal law describes on the one hand, and the ideals of cryptocurrency on the other. And this to me is the big story of 2022, of 2023 and probably 2024 as we sort through all of these complexities. Niko.
Speaker D: Absolutely. Very well said, Ash, and thank you for that remarkable breakdown. So onto our last story of the day. Freeway is suspending services, including other withdrawals, because of unprecedented volatility. The Seychelles registered crypto platform announced the update on Sunday, and since Freeway's announcement, its token FWT has dropped roughly 80%. Now, it's important to note freeway was a relatively unknown project and it had a small market cap of less than $70 million before its token crashed. However, its market cap is now sitting around $10 million. Still, it's never a good feeling to hear news of halted withdraws, especially after everything we experienced with Celsius and Voyager. Tell me, Ash, what more do we know about this story?
Speaker E: Well, what we know is that we've seen this movie before, or we've seen a movie that looks a lot like it before, or deFi CFI hybrids that look a lot more like cefi offering massive yields. A situation like this once again calls into question whether or not that model works. Freeway is a startup platform. Users can stake crypto or fiat and buy these, quote, Supercharger close quote. Products which emulate crypto and fiat currencies. Freeway claims its ecosystem contains $161 million worth of superchargers, and these products can earn an annual yield of up to 43%. 43% according to reporting by Decrypt. However, as you mentioned, Nico, due to volatility in crypto and foreign exchange markets, freeway is halting services until further notice, including the ability to sell back these superchargers. The announcement states that freeway plans to, quote, diversify its asset base to manage exposure to future market fluctuations and volatility, and that it will, quote, will be allocating capital to its underlying portfolio, close quote. Meaning they will not buy back superchargers until, quote, new strategies are implemented. Close quote. With no clear time horizon as to when the services and buybacks will resume. So users are taking a telegram here to express their frustration. One users wrote, quote, freeway collapse. And I'm just wondering if I will still manage to be one of the last to withdraw. People here are still in denial that they lost everything and should face it straight away. Freeways Telegram representatives simply told users that they did not know if they could withdraw funds and advise them to submit support tickets. More facts, of course, are going to come out on this story. This sure sounds a lot like things we've seen before, whether we're talking about Celsius or Coinflex or Voyager. It's always dangerous to make assumptions, obviously, that things are going to be the same, but it does sound very similar. It rhymes. Uh, the token is getting just absolutely blown out of the water right now. Uh, it trades under the symbol FWT, currently trading at. Looks like it's trading at about 0.0013. So that's, uh, whatever that is. A thousandth of a cent. Basically, it's. It's off more than 90% from its night, from its 2021 high. The old ERC token, uh, has been apparently deprecated. Uh, you can see this on the tweet that we're looking at here, uh, and it says, this also means you can now disregard your old token. So, obviously, there's a lot that's happening with this story right now. Nico, thank you for that.
Speaker D: Ash.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with the price of just about everything going up during inflation. We thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless head 30 30, but he get 30 20 2015 1515 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at mint mobile.com switch $45 up front for three.
Speaker C: Months plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: Now onto our main segment, let's bring on our guest Joe Chao, partner at Millennia Capital. He and Ash are going to dig into the current state of markets. Joe, welcome. I'm going to hop off. I'll see you guys in a bit at the end of your interview for some key takeaways. Otherwise, Ashley, on to you.
Speaker E: Joe, welcome to the show.
Speaker F: Good morning. Good morning.
Speaker E: So I know you were listening in on all of that. Obviously, quite a lot happening. What's your take on where we are right now? The current state of play between this sort of nexus of digital assets and regulatory frameworks, I should say. By the way, as for folks who have seen you on the show before and maybe those who haven't, you, of course, work at the Fed. See, we're very much involved in the regulatory framework of the way financial services in the United States gets regulated.
Speaker F: Yeah, were definitely at a very interesting point. I cant think of a more brain exhausting moment in the macro world since probably the great financial crisis. And when we came out of it, there were stop shrink being passed and there was actually a lot of cross currents between kind of monetary policy and Dodd Frank that kind of introduced kind of conflicting signals to the financial system in.
Speaker E: Joe, for people who aren't familiar with Dodd Frank, give us a little bit of an explainer on that.
Speaker F: Yeah. So basically what happened ten years ago in 2012, 1314 was after we had the crisis. The Fed was doing QE and lowering rates to stimulate the economy. The way the Fed stimulates the economy was to let the policy and the capital go through the banking system. So then you inject liquidity into the system to boost the banking system, to boost the rest of these sectors and economies. At the same time, Dodd Frank, that was passed by Congress and where the Treasury Department and other agencies were working on, were trying to control or better control and better regulate the banks. So you had on one hand the Fed trying to imagine like the banking system as like the bloodline, you're pumping new blood into the system to rejuvenate the bodily functions. And then you had another force that came in that was trying to tie up the bloodline to make it more protected. So in numerous cases in 2013, as I work on those kind of programs, and I recall the regulatory environment was making it more difficult for financial systems to transact while the Fed was pumping QE and liquidity to make the system run faster. And so those two forces came into contact. And I kind of see a parallel between what's happening today where you have the regulatory uncertainty or the progress we're making in regulating digital assets and crypto et cetera. At the same time it's also very uncertain. Macro environment where volatile.
Speaker E: Well, it's very well described as you talk about what you saw happening in the global financial crisis. But what exactly is that parallel that you see here between that time period and where we are right now?
Speaker F: It's definitely, I mean it's a different patient. If you analogize the fact being like the doctor, the economy, the markets being the patient, it's a very different setting. What I was saying that what I would say that's similar between now and then is you had fiscal policy and regulatory policy and monetary policy all working at once. And whichever one of these policies has a stronger impact on the market and the economy is sort of, if you were leading the show. So ill give you an example. Back in the prior cycle, monetary policy was stimulated trying to stimulate the economy. Fiscal policy wasnt because we had the divided of House and Senate and the Obama administration, but it was the Republicans that kind of took that have a House and the Senate. And so fiscal policy wasn't acting. Monetary policy alone was trying to stimulate the economy. And so monetary policy didn't go to its full effect because fiscal policy wasn't really working. Regulatory policy was kind of working against what in some ways monetary policy. Today in 2022 and 2021, what happened was fiscal policy actually worked hand in hand with monetary policy because while the Fed was doing QE and lowering rates, we also had huge spending bills coming out of the Biden administration. So when you have the fiscal and the monetary policy working at once, you saw how powerful things became. I think that was one of the main factors that led to what we have in inflation. Problem is when you were doing QE and borrowing rates and the fiscal policy was spending so much money, you got two forces coming at once. And that's why the US economy was in such a big sort of a, there was a lot of aggregate demand. And so regulatory policy right now in at least resilience assets is a work in progress. So all these sort of the three forces that are working and creating a lot of different implications is kind of introducing a lot of, I think, complexity and balances imbalances in the marketplace.
Speaker E: Let me give you the Tldr of what you just said here, and you tell me if this is roughly correct for people who are relatively new to this space, who may have never heard a former fed employee speak about the way that this system works. The first, I think, important point for people to understand is that free markets are very much embedded within the framework of monetary policy on the one hand and fiscal policy on the other, that controls the amount of liquidity that is flowing into the system. And the second point that I sort of heard you frame there is this idea that we are currently at a moment of almost maximal regulatory confusion or maximal regulatory conflict, and that has a sort of a headwind effect on the space. Is that roughly correct?
Speaker F: That is roughly. That's roughly correct. It's a free market underpinned by balances and boundaries. I'll give you an example. The Fed was created in 1913 because at that time, in the 18 hundreds, there was a few financial crisis of banking panics, because there were so many different central banks and currencies. And when you had a lot of different currencies that were playing all at once, sometimes when the system went down south, there was no central backer. And that was a reason that Fed was created in 1913, to be sort of the central, kind of the backup to the financial system. And so that's, and so there's, even though it's a free market, there's a lot of check and balances and a lot of majority cops, major actors at play, the Fed being one of the most prominent one, but also fiscal policy, also rapid policy. And the, unfortunately, the three different cops. Let's analogize it this way. You got the FBI, the CIA, the state police, the city employees, etcetera. There's a different regulatory oversight bodies here at stake. Let's say we live in this free town, we're driving, we're eating, but there's different authorities. There's a city, the state, right, the FBI, the CIA, whatever have you. And sometimes not all these authorities are synced. And when they're out of sync, but trying to solve the problem all at once, sometimes there's incoornation. So I think that's kind of what describes a bit of what we're seeing today is now, besides the inflation problem, besides the war in Europe and et cetera, there's also the forces here at play, which we're seeing a little bit of inconsistency amongst the regulatory bodies.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker E: And I think it's important for people to understand that this is just the way that the system functions today. I know that my libertarian friends would like to see probably a Taylor rule setting monetary policy. This is a sort of a mechanistic calculation about what the optimal rate of the federal funds rate should be, and they'd prefer to see federal express delivering the mail. But the reality is that the system that you described is the system that we find ourselves in today. And it's important to understand the status quo so that people can understand and make decisions based on where we are today. I know I'm asking you to speculate here a little bit outside of your area of expertise, but I think it's such an important point. We were talking about it earlier in the show, this idea of OFAC compliance, and I didn't sort of mean to sort of sound hyperbolic there. I don't think Sam Bankman Fried is going to get arrested. I don't think he's going to commit a crime. I don't think he. I think the point to make here is that he doesn't have that option, because anyone in his position would very likely have lawyers telling him, you simply cannot do business in countries where the United States has OFAC sanctions in place. It's just a total non option. It's a total non starter. And so what we're seeing is this collision of ideology between people in the community who believe in censorship resistance. If you go up to the Ethereum foundation website and command f for the phrase censorship resistance, you'll see that appear a number of times on the first page. Credible neutrality is another phase. That's very important in this space. But we're in this situation where you have a us person who's running a very large corporation, and they simply do not have the ability to transact there. And then they're being criticized by other people in the space for not doing it. It just seems like what we're seeing here is a collision of different value systems and a collision of what is possible for people in a position who are running these companies. How do you think about this? How do you even begin to get your head around this is probably the single biggest philosophical collision ive ever seen in crypto?
Speaker F: Yeah, well, I need to do my studies on exactly what were the details of this story. But from what ive heard so far, both before the show and on the show, OFAC is sort of an agency within the us government that looks for. That really has, that really was created to. To help the us government to better monitor financial assets of hostile actors. I think a lot of it that came out of the 911. So I think that's sort of the primary objective is actually not like it's actually controlling assets for military and conflicts and those kind of purposes. So in that logic, I'm sure what's happening with this story might touch on OFAC, but the other way you have to think about it is there are staffers that work inside the buildings in Washington who have to prioritize a lot of cases. And I'll just tell you one thing, that I've walked past that office in the treasury building before, and I know where they are in the building. I know how many people work there. And I'll tell you that I'm sure that there's a lot of people that work for those agencies and etcetera, but the primary function of that office is to really track terrorists and groups like that. And so when it comes to this type of cases, if it's high profile, it might get on the radar. But I think that for me, logically, I think the primary function that office is actually the foreign assets for terrorist groups.
Speaker E: Well, if a CEO, any CEO of any large US domiciled crypto exchange, a US person were to announce on Twitter that they were going to disregard oFAc sanctions, there'd be some serious problems that would arise from that. I mean, we saw developers sentenced recently to 63 months in prison for visiting a country that was on the OFAC sanctions list. I mean, this is very serious stuff. And I suspect, and again, this is where you have to kind of attempt to look into the future, which is always difficult. Right. Because it necessarily involves speculation. But this is something that the United States government seems to hold very high on its list of priorities in terms of national security, the ability to enforce dollar denominated sanctions regimes. And it's just hard to imagine how anyone running a crypto exchange, it seems to me, frankly, impossible that they would disregard these sanctions because there would be likely very serious consequences for doing so. And again, that's not a normative statement. I'm not telling you what I think that anyone should do here, just suggesting that that would be the likely outcome if this were to continue.
Speaker F: Yeah, I mean, I don't know if I would like to post something on Twitter that publicly challenges the government. And I'm sure he has lawyers who can help him get out of it. But again, I think, when I think about, you know, when I think about cases like this, one thing I've learned about how the public sector works, whether it's in the US, where it's in EU or other markets, is, is the regulators like to pick one of the higher profile cases and win and make an example out of it. So I think on that basis, yes, you can argue that the regulators want to take offense to what's said here and kind of make a case out of this very big crypto entrepreneur. But at the same time, I just don't know to what extent they will react to it.
Speaker E: Well, let's be clear. Sam Bankman Fried essentially said he's going to abide by, I mean, that's my interpretation at least of what I read. Essentially, he said that he believes in the idea of blacklists, that the idea that there are certain addresses persons and entities that are sanctioned. If I was interpreting that correctly, I think he said words to the effect of that we prefer blacklist or whitelist, meaning that you don't want to have a situation where you have to be white listed to participate. But as I understood it, as I interpreted it. But he was being pretty clear saying, if there is a blacklist, well, we're going to abide by those terms. So I think it's exactly the opposite. He's claiming that he would abide by those terms. And I think that was why some people in the space were upset, because they interpreted that to mean that he supported, that he supported sanctions. So that's my understanding. That's my interpretation of what I read in that case.
Speaker F: With that in mind, I think this news will probably blow over. I don't see severe actions either way coming from.
Speaker E: Let me throw one more out, one more hypothetical out there. What happens when you have us persons who are, we're not talking about FTX here, just talking about it more generally. You have US persons who are the directors and officers of a US corporation that is regulated. They're regulated by Sec or OCC or whatever Alphabet soup of regulators are regulating them. And they're operating a staking pool in Ethereum, for example. And we obviously know how important credible neutrality and ancestorship resistance is in the space. And a transaction comes across that has an OFAC sanctioned blacklisted address, what do they do? That's a significant risk to them to include that transaction because then they'll have violated OFAC sanctions. On the other hand, if they, they exclude that transaction, then they're censoring. And we know that the Ethereum protocol is built now with this functionality called slashing, which means you can be economically devastating to sanction transactions. It seems to me that the only option they have is to leave the stake pool. There's a really significant material open question about how these issues are going to be handled going forward because of the nature of the way the Ethereum protocol functions in stakeholders.
Speaker F: And I think that's why we've all read reports that as the regulations for crypto becomes clear, it's actually going to be better for the industry. I think this way you described this scenario is one where the OFAC regulations and then the SEC regulations come into interactions. And to be honest, it just often takes so much time for the Treasury Department and the SEC and other agencies like that in that context to sort of come together and work out edge cases where the two oversized kind of overlap there are like, they do work on these things, but it just takes a while. I think what's going to have to happen is there's going to be, I think, a sequence events of what's going to happen on the regulatory front that makes things like this clearer. To regulate first is like crypto a security or not a security? I think thats the central question because.
Speaker E: Then I think thats the least of their problems. I think thats the least of the problems in the space.
Speaker F: Yes and no. No, because this question has been lingered for some time. I can remember probably five, six years ago. So this question is actually the most important question because if it is security, it would be regulated by the SEC. If its not a security, it would be regulated by the CFTC. Right.
Speaker E: And so I don't think that matters for OFAC compliance.
Speaker F: Right. Whether or not it's not matters because we're talking whether OFAC is going to work with the SEC or the CFTC to work with to figure out whether this overlap, how this works.
Speaker E: You're talking about essentially which of the government agencies is going to participate with treasury to attempt to build in the sanctions enforcement.
Speaker G: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what with each vendor. Ramp's software collects and verifies receipts instantly to save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments, time consuming tasks, which means youll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use Ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If youre a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions youve ever made. Get dollar 250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy easy ramp.com easy rmp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank and celtic bank members of the IC. Terms and conditions apply.
Speaker E: I got to bring Nico Bruga back into the conversation. I know he's been sitting on the sidelines as we've been having this. I don't know Nico. Do I have a slight fever here? Is that what's causing this? Because it seems to me like this is the moment of maximum tension in the space where we're actually seeing federal law colliding with the ideals of the space. It seems like a moment of significant risk.
Speaker D: Absolutely. And so before we get into our key takeaways, ill briefly comment on that. I think that as weve been discussing since we launched real vision crypto ash regulation isnt fun, but its necessary for the growth of the space. And were finally getting to that point where push is coming to shove and were going to all have to sort of accept the middle ground from what our ideals of the space are to where we actually are today. It's the only way that this space will grow. So with that said, let's get those horns a blaring the spotlight swinging because it's time for our key takeaways. So first, we're still very much dealing with the macro environment and its effect on the crypto ecosystem. Indeed, Joe draws a parallel between now and the global financial crisis of 2008. Fiscal policy and monetary policy are all contributing to the macro big picture and consequently affecting crypto living in a world of maximal fiscal policy. Lastly, the regulation around crypto needs to be figured out for crypto to truly grow. This won't be quick or easy, but it is necessary, as we saw with SPF and OFAC in our earlier story. Ash, Joe, anything you guys want to add?
Speaker E: Joe, we'll give you the final word.
Speaker F: It sounds very much on point, but I will say for this asset class, digital assets asset class that monitor policy and macroeconomics is probably the bigger contributing factor to the fiscal policy regulatory policy. I think thats the driver and whats keeping me up at night in looking at my asset class. And what I do is when are inflation peaking, when are rates peaking and when do we return to more of a normal environment because when the, the bottom hit in the market is when I think the overall sediment in our asset class improves. And that's what I think is the main driver here.
Speaker E: Let me just add, Joe and I are both being kept up at night by different things. My guess is we may both be right about it, which I guess you could say implies a significant headwind to the space. Nico?
Speaker D: Absolutely. Well, thank you so much, Joe and Ash. That's it for today's show. Don't forget to subscribe. Real vision Crypto is free, but we also have some paid for content. If you're looking for professional grade crypto research, scan that QR code on the screen to find out more. For those of you watching on YouTube, smash everything the like, button the bell and subscribe tomorrow. We have a great episode lined up for you all about regulation. Right on topic, Kathy Kraninger, vice president of regulatory affairs and Solidus Labs and former director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Crypto joins us to discuss the state of regulation and how the midterm elections might affect it all here in the US. You don't want to miss it. See you tomorrow at 12:00 p.m. eastern, live on real vision crypto daily briefing.
