Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30. 30 baby get 30 baby get 20. 2020 baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month, so give.
Speaker A: It a try at Mint mobile.com switch.
Speaker C: $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time Unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: Hello, and welcome back to real Vision Crypto Daily Briefing. Here's why you should tune into today's episode. Google teams up with Coinbase to start taking payments in cryptocurrencies. We'll discuss what this means for the crypto space. Plus, we'll do a deep dive into the world of defi amidst another large hack. Mona El Issa from Avant garde Finance will join us live. I'm Sarah Klein. Ash Bennington is with me. How are you doing, Ash?
Speaker E: Hi, Sarah. Welcome to real vision.
Speaker D: Thank you. It's nice to be here. Don't forget to subscribe to real vision Crypto, everyone. It's free. If you're watching on YouTube, smash the like button. Subscribe and hit the notification bell so you don't miss. When we go live, let's jump right into the latest price action. Bitcoin has stabilized around $19,000. It's virtually flat on a 24 hours basis, but has been on a rather downward trajectory over the past few days. The relative stability compared to equities is notable, though the S and P 500 and the Nasdaq had a volatile session Tuesday. Bitfinex analysts told Coindesk last week they saw the biggest outflows of bitcoin from exchanges in three months. They say that's a bullish sign, as it indicates holders have little intention of selling soon. However, other analysts point to an ongoing bearish sentiment. Ash, how is Ethereum holding up?
Speaker E: Ethereum is slightly, slightly more higher than bitcoin right now on a percentage basis over the last 24 hours. It's up about five. It's up about basically half a percent. Let's call it. It's trading now around the 1300 mark. Investors are also awaiting the release of the last FOMC minutes. That's the US Federal Reserve Open Market committee minutes that can shed light on the officials thinking about future rate hikes. That's the theory. At least. Those minutes come out in about 2 hours. Tomorrow at 830 in the morning, we get the CPI number for September here in the US. It's been running hot lately, obviously last month's August print coming in at about 8.3% on a year over year basis.
Speaker D: Sarah, that is hot. We're also looking at MnGo, the governance token of the Defi platform mango. It went through an unusual spike in price before tumbling. We'll explain what happened a little later in the show, but first, let's look at our top story. Google has announced a partnership with Coinbase that will see Google start taking crypto payments from early next year. Some web three clients will be able to pay for Google's cloud services and digital currencies. The company will rely on Coinbase commerce to facilitate it. Coinbase commerce supports ten cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin, ethereum, dogecoin and apecoin. While the initial number of clients will be limited, Google Cloud's head of product told CNBC many more will be allowed in the future, Coinbase will get a cut from the transactions and the company will move some of its services from Amazon to Google. Ash, this is a big deal. What do you make of it?
Speaker E: Sir? Here's my thesis antithesis, synthesis on this story. On the surface, it's positive news for the space. Google, obviously a web two giant partnering with Coinbase, a web three giant, on the other hand, who wants to pay for cloud services with bitcoin? We've talked about this here on this show before, the idea that the medium of exchange function sort of militating against the store of value function. Why would you want to spend something that was going to go up in price, in your view, if you were bullish on it? But look, cynicism aside, I think this is really good news for the space. This is about the fundamental back end integration that needs to take place between Web 2.0 and Web 3.0, the software as a service models that have been so successful for the Silicon Valley giants like Google and Amazon and Apple, marrying the web three version of all of that as represented here by Coinbase. So look, I think it's a positive story for the space, no question about it.
Speaker D: Sarah, great, thank you, Ash. Google is looking at using Coinbase prime, which is its custody and trading service for institutions. Speaking of custody, that market is also heating up. Which brings us to our next story. The oldest us bank and the world's largest custodian bank of New York Mellon, or BNY Mellon, has announced it will start holding its clients crypto. The bank has won the approval of New York's financial regulator to start safeguarding bitcoin and Ethereum. From this week, the Wall Street Journal says BNY Mellon becomes the first large us bank to safeguard digital assets alongside traditional assets on the same platform. As of June 30, BNY Mellon had $43 trillion in assets under custody and or administration. Ash, when it comes to custody, this is as big as it gets. How would this work for crypto, though?
Speaker E: Oh, that's absolutely right, Sarah. This is sort of bleeding edge technology with the oldest bank in the United States, founded by Alexander Hamilton. To give you an idea of how old this bank is, we've talked about this on this show before. In its simplest form, custody is about people, how people own and store their assets, whether it's digital assets like cryptocurrency on the one hand, or stocks and bonds on the other. BNY Mellon is, as you said, an absolute giant in the space. They're number one in the custody space. But what I think people in traditional finance already know about bank of New York Mellon is that the gap between number one and number two is considerable. We've actually had BNY Mellon executives on real vision before. I've spoken with Roman reagleman, who runs asset servicing at BNY Mellon, which is the general umbrella under which all this falls. You know, in some way, Sarah, I would say this is quite similar to the last story that we did, strangely enough, with Google and Coinbase. This is about integration of the space. This is the sort of building the underlying plumbing of the space. It may not be sort of the sexiest story, but this is the kind of thing that needs to happen. When people, you speak to people in the traditional finance world, they will say things like, well, you know, we've got to build the plumbing in the system. This is exactly the type of plumbing that they're talking about. Stories like this are important. They may not be very glamorous, but this is really what builds an ecosystem for the future.
Speaker D: And do you think there's a reason why these moves between Google and Melon? Do you think they're coming during the bear market for a reason, or during the crypto winter for a reason?
Speaker E: Well, I think it may be more of an unmasking effect that we notice these stories more during bear markets, because there's not a lot of go go, sort of positive stories to talk about in terms of price action. But look, the reality is, I think, precisely to your point, that when you have bear markets and a technology that is something that people believe in, the building continues even during the bear markets, even when you see the price down on bitcoin now about 70% from the November 2021 highs. You know, that reminds me, and I know I'm showing my age here, but was when I was one of the young kids on Wall street. You know, we saw this happen during the.com bust phase after the 2000 price collapse on the Nasdaq. The Internet did not go away. The building continued behind the scenes. The valuations were less lofty. The parties were not nearly as fun, unfortunately. But the reality is that when you have a technology that people believe in, the building behind the scenes continues.
Speaker D: Sarah, thanks for that insight. It's healthy, and it does feel like a healthy signal for the space. Let's move on to a developing story about another big Defi hack. Solana based platform Mango has confirmed on Twitter a hacker used an exploit to drain approximately $100 million worth of tokens. Mango says that's effectively all of its liquidity. Ash, another day, another defi hack. What else do we know?
Speaker E: Yeah, so Mango alleges that the attacker carried out an oracle price manipulation. Oracles connect blockchains to external systems, thereby enabling smart contracts to execute based on inputs and outputs from off chain. The hacker manipulated the price of the token, according to Mango, to take outsized loans with Mango as collateral. Coindesk reported that the drain funds remained on the Solana blockchain, suggesting that the hacker might, might be struggling to cash out. In the past, centralized exchanges like Coinbase, Binance, or Kraken were the only entities with enough liquidity for someone to cash out amounts at this scale. And in the past, when they've done that, when they've attempted to do that, I should say those exchanges have blacklisted wallet addresses with stolen funds. I'm very curious, because we have Mona el Issa here today to hear what she thinks about this.
Speaker D: So let's bring in our guest, Mona Alisa. She's the founder of Enzyme, an on chain asset management company. She's also the founder and CEO of Avant garde Finance, which offers Defi as a service to asset managers. Mona, you've been listening in. What are your thoughts?
Speaker F: Well, first, it just made me smile when you mentioned BNY Mellon, because enzyme used to be called Melon before they launched the great.
Speaker E: That's right.
Speaker F: A couple of years ago. So we might want to circle back to that and talk about that in a little bit. In terms of the hack, I think Oracle hacks are probably one of the most common types of hacks that we've seen in DeFi, regardless of the blockchain. In fact, in 2020, 2021, most of the hacks we saw on Ethereum and Defi were related to Oracle. I would take a moment here before we start bashing DeFi on oracle price manipulation to say that I come from a traditional finance background. I spent a 14 years in traditional finance between Goldman hedge funds, et cetera. And price manipulation exists everywhere, not just in DeFi, it's largely regulated in traditional finance. But I would say I don't think most price manipulations are actually enforced against or actually recognized by regulators because it's so hard to prove somebody has done something. And so I don't think this is a problem that is unique to DeFi. But there are certain aspects of DeFi that make oracle price manipulation a little bit easier. And I didn't look into the details of the Solana hack, but one of those aspects is liquidity. Liquidity on even Ethereum is pretty low for most, but, you know, by sort of traditional finance standards. And so therefore, by definition, it's easier to manipulate the price of something. But I'd imagine that on Solana it's even less liquid, and so probably easier to manipulate the price of something. So I do find that that is a plausible outcome. However, the question is, when you're building a protocol, you should be thinking about the risk of price manipulation and how you're going to mitigate that and or warn against your users that if you're using certain integrations or certain risk and building in protective factors. The second thing is, which is, which is unique to blockchain, is this possibility of flash loans. And flash loans make it possible to borrow a very large amount of capital to manipulate that. You might not. Most people would never normally have access to manipulate a price in a way that you can exploit a certain protocol and withdraw funds from that protocol or exploit funds from that protocol.
Speaker E: Let me jump in here, Mona, because you've made some, I think, very important points, and this is going to be a great long form conversation to unpack some of that. By the way, Sarah will be back at the end with key takeaways after this interview to frame that up. But two key points that you made there. First, in sort of in reverse order, you're talking about this notion of essentially derivatives or flash loans being available in a way that they aren't in traditional finance. We'll talk about that in a second. But I want to talk about your other point, which I think is an interesting one. The notion of the regulation, the traditional asset space and the traditional security space. This type of activity quite clearly that we've seen on mango would be illegal if you were to do it in traditional regulated capital markets. Give us a bit of a frame for where you see the current state of play with regulation in this space and where you believe it needs to be. And then please touch on the point that you made earlier about how derivatives in the space make liquidity more available and facilitate potentially for bad actors, at least these types of transactions.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from mint mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auction, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited premium wireless. Everybody get 30, 30 bid to get 30 bid to get 20. 2020 biddy get 2020. I better get 15. 1515, just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint mobile.com switch $45 up front for three.
Speaker C: Months, plus taxes and fees. Promote for new customers for a limited time, unlimited. More than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot yeah, so.
Speaker F: I think in traditional finance, it's very easy to. I mean, you know, if you've worked on a trading desk for. I've worked on a trading desk for several years, you see odd things happening all the time, especially in closing auctions, especially at the end of a tax year, especially at the end. And it's very hard to pinpoint the source or where that came from. And so you do see some headlines of people being done for price manipulation. But I personally believe that most of the manipulation that occurs goes without being enforced against, because I think there's not enough transparency in traditional finances, not enough efficiency, transparency. It's too opaque for regulators to recognize and act fast enough to enforce against. So now, flipping back to DeFi, the advantage we have is everything is transparent and everything is traceable. And if somebody does manipulate a price, you see it already in the narrative on the coindesk article that you mentioned. Immediately, people are starting to warn, hey, this address did this within minutes of the hack. And so let's come together as a community, as a bunch of exchanges, and stop this person getting away with what they just did. And you can do that so much quicker because you know the event straight away, you know the address of the exploiter, and with a few quick phone calls or with, you know, a process, like some kind of emergency process, you can work towards blocking that address from exploiting those funds further, or at least liquidating those funds. And so if they can't liquidate the funds and you know, what's the point of exploiting the protocol in the first place, other than maybe.
Speaker E: But Mona, I mean, let's not sugarcoat it. Look at the price chart here. We're looking at trading at around $0.40 on the dollar and then dropping down to $0.02. This is obviously a massive blowout drop in the price. And I don't think there's any way that anyone could have sort of facilitated a conversation on a discord group fast enough to prevent people from losing money.
Speaker F: Oh, no, no. I'm not saying that you could have prevented the loss of money. I'm saying that you can prevent the exploiter from actually converting that money that he can actually spend or actually. And so the only reason left to hack a protocol would be for some pride. But if you're going to have to be anonymous, you don't even get the credit. So it just, you know, it just deters people in the first place. But, yeah, having said so, the idea.
Speaker E: Here is they won't be able to exit the position.
Speaker F: Exactly. You're seeing that more and more. You know, you're seeing the reactivity in Defi become really quick when there is what is perceived, what is or is perceived as a bad actor, the community, the space is able to freeze them essentially quite quickly, ironically, much faster than in traditional finance, despite much lower regulation, because the transparency is much, much higher.
Speaker E: Yeah. And this is kind of interesting, and it brings up kind of my own big picture feelings about the space. You know, as somebody who's a finance nerd and a tech nerd myself, it's hard not to be excited about Defi. I mean, there's this, there's just a sense here, when you look at the ability of machines, essentially, to execute these transactions on a straight through basis without human intervention in a way that's completely transparent, in a way that's completely decentralized. It's just incredibly, incredibly exciting technology. And yet the other side of my thinking on this is the reality is it is just extremely, extremely early in the space. We do see these security exploits, we do see these hacks, we do see price manipulation. How do you reconcile that in terms of your view of the space?
Speaker F: I'm going into my 7th year in this space, so it doesn't feel that early to me. But I guess I get your point. I think it is early. I think we in particular were very early. And I think the only answer, the best answer I can give you here is that with time, we've seen projects come and go, and we've seen projects that have come and stayed, and we're getting now there's a handful of projects in Defi that have come and now starting to build four or five year track records on chain without any exploits. And I think those will be the winners in the infrastructure play going forward. You know, coming in now is much, much harder because you have to try and build a track record. You're new, you're unproven, you're not battle tested. I think going forward, especially with all the recent hacks and all the recent events that we've seen in the last few months, people want reliability. Also, as we go further up the adoption curve, you know, people ask Smarteen, let's read the audit report, let's understand the risks. Have they ever had a vulnerability? What has the vulnerability been? And you just didn't really see that in the last bull market. It was like, oh, yield. Okay, I'm in.
Speaker E: Right? Right. And the flip side, of course, of risk is return. The flip side of return is risk. And so as we talk about this, as I said, it's something that I'm incredibly excited and passionate about because the potential is so enormous. And then you see these events like this, and perhaps it's propitious or fortuitous that you joined us on this day when we could talk about it. But I also wanted to broaden the conversation a little bit to hear a little bit about what you guys are doing at avant garde finance. Give us a little bit of context, a little bit of background. Why did you spin up the company? What need did you see? And what are you doing there right now?
Speaker F: Yeah, sure. So enzyme is the project that I first founded when I came into this space. And it's a project that aimed to decentralize asset management, basically remove the concept of the financial intermediary. That is, you know, use smart contracts. Imagine a future of digital assets, and use smart contracts to automate the role of financial intermediaries such that you have much higher efficiency, much lower cost, much higher transparency, and you're able to automate a lot of the processes, painful processes, I should say, and expensive processes that we know of today in asset management. That is, take the asset management stack today, which is made of the settlement layer, the trading layer, the asset layer, the fund administration layer, the custody layer, and the service layer. All of those are manual, non automated, opaque, non transparent and expensive. Now take that stack and create the same stack for digital assets, which is basically replacing the financial intermediary with code, which is enforced by smart contracts. And that creates a stack which is almost entirely fully automated by code and enforced by blockchain. And I think that's the future we got really excited about. We think it can remove a lot of fat from the system. We think it can bring a lot of transparency to finance, to asset management, and we can also. The missing piece, I guess, is that if you're limited to what's a digital asset today, but I guess the big bet that we took, and that we're still taking, is that more and more assets will continue to be digitized.
Speaker E: Well, you framed it perfectly there, Mona. That really is the vision. That's what people in this space are so passionate about, this idea of obviously creating efficiency, reducing costs, and improving the quality and flexibility of services. I worked at a big bank doing some of those back office services. It wasn't yet glamorous enough to call fintech, but these technologies and allowing people to do these things in a decentralized way, obviously critically important to the success of the space. Let's talk a little bit about what you see as the timeframe here for when this is going to become something that will be ready for prime time. It doesn't feel like it's there quite yet. Now I'm reminded of the joke that emerging market economists use about countries. They'll say, country X is the country of the future, and it always will be. Give us a little bit of a sense of where you think we are in terms of this adoption curve, in terms of the ability of DeFi protocols to begin to do some of those things that we now see traditional financial intermediaries like banks doing, but to do it in an industrial strength way, that can really be much more ready for primetime than what we see today.
Speaker F: I think that's a great question. I think that also ties back into a previous question you asked, why do we found avant garde finance, and what does avant garde finance do? I think we found we founded enzyme, we decentralized it in 2019, and then we realized that it's very hard to drive things forward and to lead a group of people as a DaO. So we put together a proposal under a new entity, a few of us, called avant garde finance, which is still governed. So we put together a new proposal, which was like a roadmap for the enzyme council. And we said, we want to be the lead developers. We have a strong vision on where we think this will go, and they. But we also recognize that there needs to be some bridging work, some biz devs and marketing. It's not all about code. Right. We need to think much more in a much more kind of how do we grow and scale this and how do we get the user adoption? And I think being able to think about that in a more entrepreneurial way, rather than will help things, and also being able to recognize that when the next bull market comes, and it will come because we've seen this all before, we need to make sure that the pipes, the infrastructure, is ready to take on the new. We're basically at the inflection point on the curve where all the early adopters have now participated in Defi, all the kind of first users you would expect. And now the next step is institutions and banks and asset managers integrating Defi into their everyday process. And that's just, it's not going to happen as DeFi is today. It's going to need people to bridge and make that package look attractive and tick all the boxes that institutions will need to ticken and requires education. That's why, you know, we couldn't have the more opposite view of, you know, investing in sort of, you know, we're not against people using custodians like BNY Mellon, but we also think there's some education required on, hey, if you can self custody your own assets internally using software like Gnosisafe or using software like credo or fireblocks, you should do it, because what's better than, you know, what ultimately is better as an institution, as a family office, as anything, than being in charge, being the owner of your own assets. So that requires education, that requires products, finding product market fit, that requires solving some of the reporting and compliance issues and standardizing it in a way that that kind of audience is used to. And that's why we formed avant garde finance. That's what we focus on right now. In a nutshell, it's bringing and transparency to asset management.
Speaker E: It's also going to take this sort of bridge between folks who are crypto native and other people who have worked in the traditional financial world for many years or decades to understand exactly those boxes that need to be ticked. As you said, Mona.
Speaker F: Absolutely.
Speaker E: Yeah. So let's talk a little bit about where we are in terms of the cycle, where we are in the timeline, what you see as being sort of the critical benchmarks that need to be met in this sort of longer term progression. I'm reminded of a conversation I heard at salt, I guess, a couple of weeks ago here in New York, this Anthony Scaramucci's Skybridge conference of alternative assets, traditionally something that was in the hedge fund space in terms of the guests and the programming, but now has obviously shifted more toward crypto and digital assets. I saw a conversation between Dan Moorhead and, of course, of Pantera Capital, and Raoul, of course, founder, co founder and CEO, talking about this transition. And Dan compared the transition in the digital asset space to the Internet itself. And he said, remember, people talk about the Internet being 30 years old. It's not 30 years old. It's actually 50 years old. It just took us 20 years to get to a browser. Where are we now, as we think about that cycle, as we think about that adoption curve, what are the benchmarks that need to be met? What are the sort of critical red letter, sort of non negotiable things that you think need to be done, and where are we on that path to getting there?
Speaker F: Yeah, I think that's a great, great question. I think security is definitely one of them. And also insurability. I think something that we haven't quite cracked in Defi is how to ensure the smart contract risk. That's a question that comes up a lot.
Speaker E: What does that mean for people who aren't familiar with the space?
Speaker F: It means that, you know, how do you. So we're talking about automating an entire industry with smart contract code. What if the code doesn't behave as it's supposed to, innocent mistake, not intentional mistake, and causes a loss of funds? And how do you ensure against that? And, you know, that's, again, something that will take time. You could just argue that over time, the contracts will be battle tested and more robust, etcetera. But I think people at this stage definitely want to see some insurance solution.
Speaker E: And this is a fascinating point, because this is the first moment where we see this merger of the traditional finance world, the values that people who have worked in banking and finance care about, like reliability, stability, accountability, transparency, all of these things. And on the other hand, the ethos of the open source software community and the way that code gets vetted, things like bug bounties, things like code audits, code reviews, these worlds sort of smashing together. One of the challenges, I think, Mona, is very few people in the world have the experience and background at doing both.
Speaker F: Out there right now. So insurance companies rely on massive amounts of data to price risk. And smart contracts in most protocols are still quite young. There's just not enough data. So I think that's a key problem. So I think that problem will get resolved over time. And as, like you said, as that educational gap also broadens. But, you know, we are, you know, we are getting incoming requests from insurance companies. Want to be educated. You know, they're in touch with me, they're in touch with my peers. They're just, they're, they do, they want to hear what we're doing and how they can help. They understand that it's an interesting and big market. I think the other thing that, by.
Speaker E: The way, when I was at Masari Mainnet, I was just literally having a glass of water sitting at a table. And one of the guys who I was talking to, and we spoke off record, so I can't give you the name of the insurance company he worked for, but said, listen, we have a fintech lab and we're working on blockchain. We haven't announced it yet. We're not talking about it publicly, but this is something that we know that we need to invest in.
Speaker F: Nice. Well, that's great to hear, and I'm not surprised. And the second thing that I think needs to happen is they need to get comfortable with reporting. They need to understand how DeFi fits into their reporting systems. How do they. It's unrealistic to imagine that a hedge fund that invests in us equities and bonds and real estate, etcetera, is going to onboard on five new systems in order to hold some crypto positions. Ideally, they want a software that will seamlessly integrate with their accounting system, with their taxes, with their reporting system, with their accounts team, with everything they need, just seamlessly with APIs. So I think that's something that we've.
Speaker E: Been working and this is the plumbing that we were talking about when regard to Google and also bank of New York Mellon. And that takes time to get built, obviously.
Speaker F: Yeah, it does. And I think, yeah, that's the other thing. And then the last piece is getting people comfortable with compliance. And that's something that we've invested a lot of time in over the last year, year and a half. And we think that we've probably done more work on that than anyone else in this space. And we have a good understanding of what is going to be possible in defi asset management and nothing in the sort of medium future, at least.
Speaker E: So we've talked a lot about time. You just said medium future there. We talk about the time that this gets required. Where are we on this cycle right now? How do we put sort of quantitative metrics around this? Is, what's the next step? Is it months away? Is it years away? Is it decades away? How do you think about it?
Speaker F: I honestly think it's months and years away. It's such a large space, though, ash, don't forget, we're talking about one of the largest industries the world, and it's probably the last industry, the only industry that hasn't yet been disrupted by tech. So we're, you know, we're not. We're not working on a trivial task here, but they're, they're also, they're also a very smart bunch of people, and they recognize that there's something here. And because of that, they're all looking at it and trying to figure out how they want to get involved. And I think that we'll see the more, the less bureaucratic, more innovative plays come in first. And, you know, in the kind of the on chain Defi world. And then I think the rest will. The rest will follow, you know, because they'll have to. And, you know, like, if they don't, you know, I've heard this from so many people. You know, bank, one of the. One of bank's biggest, biggest problems right now is how to retain their young customers and also how to retain their young employees, because they're all wanting to jump ship into DeFi or something else, and they're all wanting to invest in whole crypto. And a lot of Defi gens come from traditional finance. I think, as a bank. How do you have previously, their key resource was talent, and they just can't retain talent, and they can't retain young clients anymore. And so at some point, if they don't just pivot, that some other more innovative firm will.
Speaker E: Yeah. Whenever young people in their twenties ask me what it was like to work in a bank and whether or not I'd recommend it, I tell them that working in a bank is one of the best things to have done. You will not have a ton of fun while you're there, but you will learn a lot. Talking of learning a lot, Mona, always fantastic to have you with us on the show. You really do bring a depth and experience and understanding to this that only someone who is in the space and who has the background in traditional finance can bring. Always a pleasure to have you here on the show. I also want to bring back into the conversation Sarah Klein. Sarah, you were listening to that conversation. What were your thoughts?
Speaker D: It was a great conversation. So here are my key takeaways from it. Some of the most symbolic moves by major institutions, including Google and BNY Mellon, are happening during the bear market, which signals not only the savvy refrain of building during a bear, but also accumulating derivatives and flash loans continue to expose vulnerabilities. And it's not just retail investors who are overleveraged in this space. We've learned this year, after many a collapse in exploit, that even the protocols and VC's that invest in them have collapsed due to overleveraged positions. And third, the transparency of Defi helps to expedite the intervention of a protocols, hacked funds leaving the system due to the security measures built into the off ramps. So in many ways, a lot of these hacks aren't actually making it into fiat, but it doesn't necessarily protect the investors from a price crash. So security remains a major talking point in Defi. Mona, is there anything you'd like to add to that?
Speaker F: I think that was a great sum up. Thanks Sarah.
Speaker D: Of course. Ash, anything you'd like to add?
Speaker E: Well, what I would really like to do is bring in Mona for our viewer questions because I know that we have some questions coming in from the audience right now.
Speaker D: Okay, great. So for the final segment of the show, here are some viewer questions. See Ash, what do we really need central banks for? Aren't they a bizarre touch of planned economy in the midst of our free open market economy?
Speaker E: Boy, this is a great question. This actually came to me. I was just looking at my phone. It was a text message one of my buddies sent me right before we were about to start the show. And I just thought it was so perfect and something that I wanted to get Mona's insight on as well. Mona, why don't you jump in? I'll give my answer after you.
Speaker F: Oh God. I don't know. I've been wondering that same question for like, for I don't know how long. I think. Yeah, I think one of the funniest things that happened, I think that Ben Bernanke got the Nobel Prize this week as well. I just, I don't get it. I really don't. I think they're too short sighted. I don't know what the point is. You know, I'm, I'm, I think ultimately I think I believe, and I'm probably skewed by a few people's views here, but I think that ultimately the fundamental, the belief I have is that it's really hard. Being a central banker is, is really hard. It's nothing. And everyone pretends they know exactly how to do it, but I don't think that there is a formula for how to do it properly because we don't have good enough data. We make too many assumptions in our economy. And those assumptions are built on assumptions. And then as a result, the data we have is massively flawed and we're trying to solve for an equation where all the inputs are just fundamentally wrong. And so I don't really, you know, it's kind of, it's a bit better than doing this, but I don't think it's, you know, I don't think. And then otherwise, and then the other thing is the incentives. You know, the, you know, the terms of most central bankers are pretty short term. So the, you know, the incentives are not really driven for the best, you know, the best outcome of the, of the long run, but really for uh, the term that they serve. So it's a, it's a tricky one. I wouldn't want to be a central banker. I'm um, not sure I can propose a better alternative, though. So, uh, let's give these guys at least some credit for, for, for working with what they can, they have.
Speaker E: Yeah, mo, I think that's very well said. There really is a lot of this and then sometimes a lot of. Look, you know, there, there is a formula for it. You could use something like a Taylor rule, but precisely as you say, mona, the amount of data that we collect and the ability of it to work and the time horizon that actually benefits the economy, sort of very questionable. I know many of my libertarian friends would be thrilled if we did go to a sort of automated, mechanistic Taylor rule type of equation for managing monetary policy. But I think per, the real answer to your question is I think nation states probably feel that it's in their compelling interest to have independent central banks manage these key variables to the economy. The two things that essentially central bankers are trying to balance out on a regular basis is what we call the dual mandate here in the United States, technically in the European Union, in the euro area, I should say under the ECB it's a single mandate. But both of these sort of views are taken into account. On the one hand, you have price stability, more commonly known as inflation or deflation. That's the risk on that side. And the other side it's about maximizing employment, which is also about maximizing the productive use and growth of the us economy. I think the reality is, for the time being at least, we're probably not going to see anything automated. You know, maybe 100 years from now, our great grandchildren will laugh at us that we used to do monetary policy by voting in committee. But for the time being at least, I think we're going to get the dot plots, we're going to get the conferences, and we're going to get all the kvetching about the results. I think that's probably the most likely case for the next 20 years, let's say.
Speaker D: Thank you, Ash. And thank you, Mona. This was so wonderful to have you on the show today. That's it for today. Thank you, guys. Don't forget to subscribe. Rv crypto is free. For those of you watching on YouTube. Smash everything. Hit the like button, hit subscribe, hit the bell. Tomorrow we have Ari Redbert from TRM Labs to give us a big picture update on regulation. Join us at 12:00 p.m. eastern Standard. That's 09:00 a.m. on the west Coast, 05:00 p.m. london at midnight in Hong Kong, live on real vision crypto daily briefing. See you then.
