Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30. 30, baby get 30, baby get 20. 2020, baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint mobile.com switch $45 upfront for three months.
Speaker B: Plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited. More than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker A: Hello, everyone, and welcome back to the real Vision Crypto daily briefing. Here's why you should tune into today's show. Funds stolen in the FTX exploit are on the move. Companies are warning of fallout from the FTX collapse. We'll discuss the impact with Jeff Dorman and Alex Krueger. I'm Paul Guerra. And Ash Bennington is back with us today. Ash, good to see you again, how you're doing, and most importantly, where do you just get back from?
Speaker C: I'm doing great, Paul. I just got back from a real vision event in the Cayman Islands. Really fantastic to get to spend time with our members to see why we do what we do. And just always a lot of fun to be there. Obviously a very difficult time in the space, which is the flip side of that equation, but I'm sure we'll be talking about that more in a few moments.
Speaker A: Yes. Yeah, it is difficult times, but yes, we had a real vision caiman experience. Great to bond more with our community. And we'll get to back. We'll get to that later. So by the way, don't forget to subscribe to real Vision Crypto. It's completely free. And if you're watching this on YouTube, you know already the drill. Just smash everything like button, subscribe and notification bell. So that way you never miss when we go live or upload new content. Made for you guys. Well, now let's jump back to the price action. We're seeing mostly green today, Ash. And the total crypto market cap is up 2% compared to yesterday's at around $850 billion. Bitcoin is trading higher on a 24 hours basis. In the last hour, bitcoin went back above $17,000 and ethereum is closing in on 1300, but has not yet reached that threshold. A lot of ethereum has been on the move today and we'll talk about it in a second. Ash, what are you looking at today?
Speaker C: All right, now I'm looking at Solana. Solana has had a brutal time ever since the story about Alameda's finances began to break. Alameda, of course, is the trading arm of Sam Bankman Fried's crypto empire, or what was once Sam bankman freeze crypto empire. Solana is up some 5% on the past 24 hours, is trading above $14 right now. Still, the damage done has been immense. SBF, of course, is a prominent backer of Solana. Coindesk says more than $700 million has exited Solana based Defi applications. That's a 70% drop from the $1 billion in total value locked on November 2, when the Coindesk report about FTX first started to break. I also want to take a look here at FTT. That, of course, is the native token of FTX. We're looking at a one month chart here. Obviously, what you see on this chart is absolute devastation as FTX began its implosion. Finally, I wanted to show one other chart. This is a bitcoin market depth. This comes to us from Keiko via Coindesk's first mover newsletter. What we're looking at here is liquidity slash market depth. If you're relatively new to the financial side of this conversation, you can think of liquidity and market depth as a measure of how much price changes in response to buy and sell orders. This chart obviously is not exactly bullish. It shows declining liquidity slash thinning market depth, suggesting the next wave of sell orders might might push prices lower faster in the event of additional declines. Here, Paul.
Speaker A: Thank you so much, Ash, and well, now let's get into our top story for today. Some news breaking a few hours ago in relation to Friday's exploit FTX Coindesk is reporting that whoever was behind it has now started moving those funds. And Coindesk estimates that $600 million had been stolen from FTX. And according to blockchain data from PEC Shield, a security firm cited by Coindesk, is in the process of multiple transfers on transactions. The drainer amassed nearly 230,000 ether, making him or her the 35th largest holder of ETH. That stash is worth today some $290 million. Separately, we're slowly learning of the extent of the contingent of FTX collapse. Multiple firms have already confirmed exposure, some have not, and more are expected to announce if they were involved with FTX in any manner. For example, Blockfi has halted withdrawals, and this happened to me personally. I have the blockfi bitcoin credit card, so I was stacking sats in the form of cashback and every month I would withdraw those sats to my personal wallet, to my cold wallet, and I've been unable to do it this month. So that happened the day I actually wanted to do it. So they are actually halting withdrawals now. But also the CEO of asset manager Ikigai has revealed most of its assets were on FTX. Sino Global Capital, which invested in FTX as well, said its red exposure was in, quote, mid seven figures. And according to court filing reported by Coindesk, the company may have 1 million creditors. Ash, what are your thoughts on this humongous crisis?
Speaker C: Yeah, well, first, I'm glad you were self custodying those assets and pulling them off every month, so at least you didn't have the experience of finding that all of the sats you'd stacked there had disappeared for you. Look, this is brutal. This is ugly as hell. Bankruptcies, hacks, contagion effects. This is the moment, Paul, when crypto fell short of its promises and fell short of its own ideals. We've been like the frog here in boiling water for some time. As things gradually drifted further and further towards centralization. In this speech, in this space, it's like the talking head song. As things fell apart, nobody paid much attention. Crypto was gradually becoming more and more like 2007 era trad five, but worse because it's less regulated. And then we saw a crisis, a disaster in FTX, and the prices imploded. And then we all noticed. You know, I've been talking about, obviously, that this is a speculative asset for a very long time, but I think people were shocked when they saw just the magnitude of how quickly this can unwind. When you find that there's been one actor who's been doing things that they shouldn't be doing, like, for example, using customer account funds to make venture capital investments in a sister company arm and lending, by some reports, more than half of their investor, their customer capital out to Alameda. I mean, these stories are just. They're just ugly. I've talked about how during periods of high volatility, things become very difficult to predict because the nature of things becomes very chaotic and nonlinear. I'm a great fan of charts, but charts also have their limitations when it comes to times where the future doesn't look like the past. I don't know which direction the next 10% move is going to be in, and that's sort of the nature of crises. But there could be significant price damage here, and my gut right now is, I'm feeling pretty pessimistic now. I'm not sure how much my gut is worth, but I will tell you that there are a lot of risks out there sort of quavering on the horizon. Liquidity risk, solvency risk, counterparty risk, and a couple of risks that are more in the intermediate term right now, like, for example, regulatory risk. The risk that there is going to be so much anger about what happened in Congress that we're going to get legislation that may be too restrictive. The risk of institutions leaving the space. That was one of the major stories that we talked about here in 2022 and also in 2021. The interest that institutional capital had in this space, what happens if that leaves it the risk of retail investors being spooked and not wanting to participate in the space any longer. I posted this when this crisis first started to break, that I am long term incredibly bullish on this space. You know, this is a learning experience, I think, for everyone about what happens when. When people drift away from the ideals that they have and when maybe things start moving faster than there is an underlying sort of real value case for that happening. You know, I don't want to do too much of a monologue here. I'd really rather pull in our guests and get their views as well, because there really is a lot to talk about.
Speaker A: Paul, 100%. That's. That's. Well, well put, Ash. So let's bring in our guests. Jeff Dorman is the chief investment officer at ArCA, and Alex Kruger is the founder of Kruger Macro. Gentlemen, welcome to the real vision crypto daily briefing. Thank you, Paul.
Speaker D: Thank you, Ash.
Speaker A: All right, let's get your views on this story, guys, starting with you, Jeff. What do you make of all this?
Speaker B: My first reaction was I was laughing at how negative ash was, very emotional. And, I mean, there's certainly some truth to what he said, but there's also more pragmatically, you have to think about what really happened and where we're going to try to figure out where prices go from here. For starters, Terra Luna was a crypto failure. That was an experimental project that ultimately was built with a flawed design. This is not a crypto failure. This is more mf global than it is Terra Luna. This is a finance failure. FTX and Alameda could have been trading anything using the backdoors and the relationships that they had. So to me, this has less to do with the underlying assets and more to do just with a few players that happen to have been gravitating towards this asset class because of the lack of regulation. I joked earlier in the week that if the zookeeper commits a felony, you don't start blaming the lions, tigers and bears. This is, to me, has very little to do with, with the digital asset space. Now, that being said, there are real risks for sure. In order, I guess, of where I see the most pain or potential selling pressure coming from would be obviously anybody who had funds on FTX is the most affected. Not only did you potentially lose a significant chunk of your assets, but the other side of it is whatever you have left, especially if you're a fund, you're probably liquidating to then distribute those leftover assets back to LP's who are redeeming, and most likely those funds are going to close down. But also there's a p and l aspect, right? I mean, imagine if you're a large venture firm that had a couple hundred million dollars illiquid position and you were shorting futures on FTX against it. Well, two things happened, right? One, you had an unrealized gain on FTX that just went away. So you just lost a significant chunk of probably an unmarked p and lithe, or maybe if you were marking the market, maybe a significantly big unrealized gain that you did mark. Two, you just lost a lot of short protection because most people were shorting on FTX more so than going long. So there's definitely some ramifications there. But aside from the people who had funds on FTX, you have market makers who are going to be significantly impaired here. And also you're just taking a fragmented industry and making it even more fragmented and more illiquid. Certainly the bitcoin miners, which were already in trouble, are going to be more in trouble because lending standards are going to tighten up. And then you have the companies and projects that FTX or Alameda personally backed or invested in just because. Guilty by association. There's some stink on those projects. You mentioned Solana, a little bit as well. That's more of a short term problem. More so than a long term problem, but that's really it. Outside of that, there's not a ton of reasons to necessarily sell the assets just because a player in the asset class committed a fraud. If this does speed up regulation, and if this does speed up voluntarily transparency from exchanges and other places, there's a path to redemption probably quicker than we would have seen if this wasn't uncovered. So that doesn't necessarily mean that money is going to fly into this space right away. I'm sure institutional investors, this just pushed their investments back three to nine or twelve months. Retail might be slow to come back, but retail always comes back. You can even see it in the price action this week alone. Look at some of the tokens that actually outperformed. It's DYDX, which is a decentralized derivatives exchange. It's GMX, which is a decentralized derivatives exchange. It's uniswap, which is a decentralized spot exchange. That's a pretty healthy trading environment. When the market differentiates between those that will unilaterally benefit from the problems that we saw this week and those that will be crushed from it, that's much more healthy than what you'd expect in a 2008, like, meltdown. Everything went down because people were just rushing to get their assets back and get their cash as fast as possible. Here. There's real token distinctions going on with who's going to win from this and who's going to lose. So I guess I think all hope is not necessarily lost and in some ways happy that this is uncovered as fast as it was by on chain detectives. Shout out to the on chain detectives who know how to read a block explorer. You know, it's good that this was uncovered and maybe pushes some healthy regulation and transparency forward.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited premium wireless. 30, 30, baby. Get 30, baby. Get 20. 2020 get 2020. Betty get 15. 1515 just $15, so give it a.
Speaker A: Try at mint mobile.com switch.
Speaker B: $45 up front for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited. More than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker C: Yeah, I agree. All hope is definitely not lost. I mean, look, this has been, I think, an emotional few days for everyone. And I just, you know, I agree with this idea that you put forth, this notion that you basically have this failure that looks like, for example, Francis Coppola on November 1 was prescient, talking about the 1907 bankers panic. In many ways, this is a story, as you said, jeff, spot on. That this is very much a story of the structure, is very much traditional finance failure structure, and that you have actors in the space who are doing things that we knew were incredibly risky, taking leverage, making venture bets with customer funds, et cetera, et cetera. But I would point out, Jeff, that it's a little bit more complicated than that because there are some structural headwinds to the space right now that the technology and that the legal component has just not gotten there yet. I'd point to a couple of, I think, important points. First, there is a lack of regulatory clarity in the space. And so you have these actors who have been forced offshore to do things because they can't do it here in a legally sort of kosher regulated way onshore in the US. Further, you have significant UI UX problems for people who don't have computer science degrees, for people who aren't able, precisely, as you said, Jeff, to go and read a blockchain explorer. It's really tough to get a sense of how this space works, those sort of intermediary layers that need to be built up to create greater ease of use at greater safety. I mean, we had a crypto.com fat finger, $400 million mistake during the same time period as all of the other things that we've just talked about have been unfolding. We also don't yet have cryptographically validated proof of reserves, broadly, in effect, kind of across the industry. This is something that would have been obviously potentially something that could have significantly mediated this crisis. And finally, I would say on the defi side, we still don't have some things sort of hammered out yet in terms of OFAC compliance, how to manage some of those questions. So there really is a lot in this space that we just simply just don't. The technology just isn't there yet, or it's not being used at scale yet. And it seems to take some time to build those layers up, those abstraction layers, those tools that could help facilitate greater transparency and I think most importantly, greater decentralization. The idea that bad actors in the space do bad things. The reality is that the challenge is that we don't have the ability yet to do this in a truly decentralized way and in a way that that is not going to impaire, ultimately end users, investors and folks from the retail space who have been so passionate and have joined us on this journey. I want to give Jeff a second to respond because that was a lot there. But I also want to bring Alex in in just 1 second.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'll be brief. And I just want to challenge the last point more than anything. The irony, of course, is that all investing in this space is also the better solution to the problems that keep happening. So I'll give you a couple examples. Right. I mean, every institutional investor that does any due diligence on funding space, they are forcing you through their ddqs and all the other questions to make you use a third party custodian and make you spread your assets out on different exchanges and pseudo prime brokers. They are 100% against self custody. They're 100% against using decentralized wallets and decentralized exchanges. The regulator is the same thing. Right. And why? It's not because they're fundamentally against these technologies. It's because it doesn't fit into their existing workflows, those that they've created. So we are learning over and over again that the safest and best way to custody your assets is to use self custody. And it is best to have a non custodial wallet and to trade on dexs and not leave your assets there. But we are being forced to do other things because of these check boxes and these workflows that people are used to. That just doesn't really work with this industry. I remember four years ago, I think I gave a speech at NYU, and they're talking about decentralized exchanges are the future. And I was like, yeah, that's true, except most people don't care. Most people care about convenience more than they care about some ideological principle between decentralized versus centralized. Now, the reality is that's starting to shift the other way. It's not just an ideology. It's now more safe. It is more safe to use your own self custody in these non custodial wallets than it is to use these third parties. But also, as you mentioned, the workflow. The reason people gravitated to an FTX or a binance is just because it was easier. It was a one stop shop. It was easier to do everything. It was easier to leave your assets there and trade it. It was to go through these, a couple extra steps. So that's always going to be an issue of this UI and Ux and workflow relative to what actually is best practices.
Speaker C: But Jeff, maybe I'm an optimist. I'm hoping that if, when we're having this conversation in 2027, that the workflow is going to be improved because the tools are going to build up in a way that's going to make doing the right thing much easier. But I also want to bring in Alex. Alex Kruger. Obviously, we've been chatting here a little bit about where we are in this space. A lot going on. You've been very active on Twitter. You have the floor. Give us your take. What's happening here?
Speaker D: Well, I have to say I largely agree with what Jeff said about the market in general. And on your point, sash, I think they're really good points, all of them, very valid. The thing is that that represents opportunity. Yes, that's the thing. That's the way I see it. By the time every one of your points, the points you raise about what's missing in the industry, they're tackled. We are back to 50,000. So this is opportunity. And generally the way I say it is, markets tend to bottom when things break. So for example, equities and traditional finance, they bottomed when the UK broke. The UK absolutely broke. Lifers literally had to get a rescue package in a way from the BoE. This is the market breaking. The market broke back in June. That was three ac after Luna. This hopefully would have happened right then. It didn't. We had it now, but the market just broke. So what we have now is we're going to have a lot of outflows, I think from, I would presume there's going to be a lot of redemptions, there's going to be a lot of price pressure, but the asset class right now is very cheap. The Mac returned. And one thing is right now, something that is happening that I'm absolutely certain is happening is that traders are trying to minimize their credit risk exposure to exchanges. So right now there's very few people out there or much diminished number of people taking risk. That's going to turn as soon as we know that. Okay. It's okay. We feel comfortable, comfortably bybitzen, ok, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, we gonna lever up again. So if the macro is doing fine, which I think is highly likely that it will on the market side, not on the economic side, I think it's a good odds that we are fine. This is not the time to panic. It's a time to think how to reassess and try to think what's going to outperform. Like for example, assets, like are we related to meta Instagram or assets related to like we have the World cup coming right now. There's a few things happening. Anything that is Defi, that are useful tools that help people take risk on Defi, like GMX, they're doing quite fine. So yeah, I'm not, I'm not. The time to be pessimistic was a week ago. And with this I live it. Markets in general, particularly crypto, they tend to move down really fast. Risk happens fast and in a week is done. That's how crypto works. In a week, two weeks, and it's done. And then it's the panic. The people that comes after and talks and talks and the people buys and they panic and they sell but this is the time to not panic. I mean, that time is over. Of course, I'd like to know if a few big players are fine, but I'm not going to write the names right now. Maybe if you want to, but, yeah, that's about it.
Speaker C: Well, let me follow up on that, because I think you make some really important points there. Apologies. We got some ambulances coming by outside in front of my apartment right now. But let me ask you this. You mentioned the sequencing, the timing, the cadence of when we had Terra, followed by three arrows in very rapid succession. It's unclear yet to what extent a direct line can be drawn between that and the FTX implosion in bankruptcy. But I guess the question is, if we saw a significant lag there in terms of initial component of risk coming on the table, followed by this impact several, many weeks later, is it possible? And to a certain extent, I'm playing the designated pessimist here because you guys are more optimistic. And clearly, I think there's a huge amount of this space to be optimistic about, particularly in the longer term. But the question, Alex, is how do we know that there isn't another shoe to drop? Precisely, as you point out, with the idea that there could be some other big players in the space that are experiencing problems. How do we know that there isn't another shoe to drop here that could cause downward pressure in the short term?
Speaker D: That's why we give it two weeks, two weeks, three weeks. We just give it a little bit of time. We don't know right now things going to surface pretty soon. I think. I think it's quite likely that we see a replay of June. Basically, it's just like for a few weeks, we are in this state of uncertainty and fear that something else may be out there. In fact, I do remember very well a few, very few people are there that they mentioned Alameda back in June. And the reaction of most of the market, myself, sadly included, was no way. So there may be somebody else out there, so need to give it a little bit of time and then re leverage.
Speaker C: Jeff, I think you wanted to jump in.
Speaker B: Yeah, I was actually going to say almost the same thing, which is that markets hate uncertainty much more than they hate bad outcomes. You can go back to presidential elections, look back at the market in October 2020 versus November 2020. I think the equity market was up by 10% in November of 2020, just because we had an outcome that there was fears that if Trump lost, there was going to be all this refusal to leave and all that. But once there was clarity. The markets rallied. It was independent of whether or not Biden or Trump won. It was just making sure that there was in fact a winner. The same is true almost anytime you have uncertainty is that we can handle bad outcomes. We can't handle not knowing the outcome. If you look back to May and June, as Alex mentioned, it was mid May when you had Terra Luna and Ust implode. Then you had three to four weeks of uncertainty and the markets bottomed right when you had the closure of Voyager filing for bankruptcy and Celsius filing for bankruptcy and three arrows filing for bankruptcy, as well as obviously there are some positive narratives like the Ethereum merge date was released as well as the macro picture expecting a Fed pivot. But really it was the clarity we realized, ok, these are the players that are going under and these are the ones who aren't. I think the same thing is true now in traditional finance and also digital asset doesn't matter. It's the same thing. You get about a couple of weeks to figure out where the bodies of buried, and by then you get some clarity. And once we have that, once we figure out who actually is going to file and who isn't and who is still healthy and who isn't, you'll start to be more objective and think more clearly about upcoming catalysts like the World cup or partnerships that Polygon and Arweave are signing and things like that. You'll start to be more objective with your analysis. And the truth is, the digital asset market has decoupled from macro five months ago. Not fully right. Macro is always a part of the story. But it wasn't the first six months of this year. It was the only story. It was the dollar up and everything else down. Bonds down, equities down, commodities up, crypto down. But since May, we've decoupled. May and June was the rest of the market. The rest of the world was fine while the crypto market imploded because of terra Luna and the subsequent effects of three arrows and Celsius and voyage and everything else. And in the third quarter, the Bloomberg Galaxy crypto index was up 15%. In the third quarter, meanwhile, bonds were down almost 10%. Equities were down almost 10%, commodities were down 20%, the dollar was up 7%. I mean, there was a massive outperformance in the third quarter. And then even over the last two weeks, two weeks ago, post the FOMC, equities got crushed because of how hawkish Powell was and rates went flying. Meanwhile, digital assets were higher and then, of course, last week was the exact opposite, right? The CPI came out lower than expected. Equities rallied, rates rallied. But crypto got caught up in this FTX news. So longer term, that's a healthy part of the picture, is that we are decoupling from macro. These are idiosyncratic events. They're just negative idiosyncratic events right now, which is not what people wanted. People, when they said, we want crypto to decouple, they wanted it to go higher, not lower. But the reality is it's decoupling. We are in our own world. There's going to be winners and losers. And as Alex said, give it a couple of weeks to figure out where the bodies are buried, and you're probably right back to a healthy trading environment.
Speaker C: Raoul? Well, I think everybody on this call is very optimistic about the longer term of the space. I'm curious if you guys have a sense of how long it takes for some of these technologies that I just mentioned. For example, some improvements to UI UX to make the space simpler and more transparent, how long it takes to get that online and also cryptographically validated proof of reserves. Obviously, something that's been talked about a great deal in the wake of this, as we transition to a more decentralized world, how long do you think it takes the development of that to begin to ramp up, particularly in light of this recent crisis?
Speaker D: I don't have a strong view there. I mean, it would be guesstimating. So a year, if we look at Defi, Defi went really fast between May 2020 to sometime 2021. So maybe a year. I don't know. I think there's something happening that I have not a good grasp on at the moment, which is basically one of the things that's going to drive a lot of flows, I believe, which is the social media apps getting into crypto meta is going to be huge. I don't know exactly how it's going to change it.
Speaker C: But we've mentioned are we mentioned a.
Speaker D: Couple of times, that's the easier way to express a view on that for those who are not deep into basically what Instagram is doing. Same applies, I think, with Twitter. I think it's highly likely that mask is going to pass through major changes and turn it. His view of crypto, of Twitter as a WeChat app that does everything and includes crypto, it's something he's been saying many times. But back to your question. Unfortunately, I don't have the answer. I mean, I would love to have the answer.
Speaker C: I want you to pull in, Paul, because I know he's looking at some of our viewer questions. Jump in, Paul.
Speaker A: Yeah, I actually wanted to ask you guys, how do you think we're going? Sorry, my dog is going crazy here today. Apologies for that. Chewy, stop. Sorry, guys. My question is, what kind of dog.
Speaker C: Because the dog's not on camera. What kind of dog?
Speaker A: He's a Chihuahua pincher. So he's five months old and that's a problem. My question is for you. We're seeing, we need some clarity and wait until we find the bodies buried in like, let's say two weeks. How are we, sorry, guys.
Speaker C: Pick him up. Pull him on camera.
Speaker A: I can't. He's going to the door. I have a little neighbor that's like not very friendly with him. My question is, how are we going to recover from this? Meaning in the terms of people being afraid of crypto nowadays, people, as you said, ash, before, people are a little skittish and might have some sort of Ptz from everything that has happened this year, how are we going to give people that certainty and clarity that this event, or as you said, Ash, the next shoe is about to drop, or we don't know yet.
Speaker C: I.
Speaker A: How can we recover from this? Yesterday we were talking on the show about CC's recovery fund. That might be a solution, but what else can we do?
Speaker B: I mean, to start with, you have to understand that there's way more people who are not invested and involved at all in digital assets than there are people who are and have been affected by this. And if you think about where the growth is going to come from, I'll give you an analogy. If you go back to the early two thousands, we were in the.com era, right? Every business that was using the Internet was a business that started specifically because of the Internet, right? It was priceline.com, comma, ebay.com, comma, Amazon.com. right? These were businesses that did not exist prior to the Internet and only existed because the Internet enabled these businesses. But what happened ten years later? Well, everybody became a.com, right? Businesses that had been around for 100 years all of a sudden were using the Internet and became a.com dot Domino's pizza became a.com, comma, JPMorgan became a.com, disney became a.com. and slowly you dropped the.com name. And it's just assumed that everybody's using the Internet. And the adoption of the Internet came from these on ramps from bigger existing companies, not from the organic native Internet companies. Well, you could basically say the same thing about where we are in blockchain. The first companies and projects in this space were effectively dot cryptos. These are businesses that only exist because of blockchain and would not have existed otherwise. But you're just starting to see existing companies have been around for 100 years, starting to use blockchain, Nike using NFTs, Starbucks using NFTs, Meta and Facebook, Disney coming along, et cetera, JP Morgan using Defi, KKR, tokenizing a fund. What you'll see is that the ability for these existing companies that already have hundreds of millions of customers and users being onboarded and imported into blockchain is going to far surpass any of these organic native projects that have a couple thousand or tens or hundreds of thousands of users. I mean, there was a company called Sweat that recently brought over 100 million users from an existing web two app over to the near blockchain. And I think 12 million of those 100 million created a wallet. And that was like 100 x the amount of wallets that near had prior to that one app porting over. You look at what Reddit is doing right now. Reddit's the user's dwarf anything that is currently in blockchain. So the next growth phase is likely to come from users who have no crypto or blockchain experience and probably won't even really recognize that they're even using blockchain and will just sort of start coming over and being the growth engines of the future. So I think that's a really important shift right now. Right. While inside the blockchain community and the digital asset community, there's a lot of pain, there's a lot of hurt, there's a lot of fear. You're seeing people who were diehards for the last five years now jumping on Twitter saying, I give up, I hate this space, I'm leaving. Meanwhile, you've got the outside world coming faster than ever with Starbucks and Nike and JP Morgan and all these other areas. So I think you don't necessarily have to solve this confidence issue per se. You just have to bring more people in to some of the existing projects and technologies that will come out of this unscathed. I mean, I think the brand of SPF certainly resonated beyond crypto, and I think that's a tarnished legacy for obviously him and anyone associated with him. But I'm not sure it really affected that many people outside of the existing crypto world.
Speaker C: I'm curious, Jeff mentioned this notion of non native crypto firms jumping in to the crypto space and beginning to use some of the infrastructure that's been built here. Do you have any thoughts about what that might look like in terms of how new entrants into the space, maybe existing companies? Jeff mentioned Starbucks, for example, and you were talking a little bit about Instagram, how that might look, and what the promise and potential there might be.
Speaker E: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company spending and control who spends what. With each vendor, Ramp software collects and verifies receipts instantly to save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments. Time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use Ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker, adding Ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get $250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy. Ramp.com easy.
Speaker B: Cards issued by Sutton bank.
Speaker E: And celtic bank members. FDIC terms and conditions apply.
Speaker C: Go ahead, Alan. I'm sorry.
Speaker D: Oh, I fully agree. But I wanted to say something else before. The thing is that people affected at FTX are a minority. Not only are they a minority, it's a very special crowd, is a minority of traders. So say of those million, say 300,000, leave the space. It's nothing everybody else is going to forget. The main issue, I think, is going to. Cause it's not on the retail side. I think retail is going to forget very quickly about this. And the main issue is basically about firms, institutions, that it's how they take risk and how they manage their assets and their custody, that it's going to be a little bit more difficult now because they're going to have different kind of call it pressure, or call it, I don't know, call it whatever you want, but it's a matter of, it's going to be difficult for them to take risk, and that's the main issue rather than, than retail.
Speaker C: Jeff, any thoughts about institutional adoption that Alan pointed to, and I actually, of course, have pointed out earlier in my initial remarks, any thoughts now about what this does to institutional adoption in the short term, intermediate term, and longer term?
Speaker B: Yeah, well, there's a couple of things, right? I mean, a lot of institutional investors are not actually investing in tokens or digital assets yet, right? They've been using backdoors, things like, oh, I have exposure because I'm invested in FTX equity. Look at, unfortunately, the Ontario teachers pension plan, who are not allowed to invest in tokens. So they get the next best thing, which was FTX equity. There's also tons of money pouring into venture because venture already fits a box for them. They already have a sleeve of their investments dedicated to alternatives, which includes venture. And that's an easy thing to do to get exposure relative to maybe investing in Ethereum or bitcoin itself, or investing in a liquid hedge fund, or investing in an index product. So to start with, I think a lot of these backdoors may start getting questioned more because there's certainly a lot coming out now that suggests that maybe the due diligence on that side hasn't been all that sound. So it might actually drive more investments directly into the tokens themselves instead of these quasi safer ways to get exposure to the space. But there's no doubt that this one hurts, largely because, like, I had a reporter asked me the other day, like, does this hurt more because Sam Bankman freed was the face of crypto? And I was like, we didn't make him the face, you guys. It was the media that made him the face of crypto. Nobody inside the industry really felt that way. Media turned him into what he wasn't and like most of us, rooted him on. We didn't want to see him fail. Right. It was good for the space that he was penetrating Washington and he was penetrating institutional investors in corporate America and things like that. But certainly his reputation inside the space was not necessarily as pristine as it was outside. Not for nothing, he was a quant jock at Jane street for a couple of years, and all of a sudden became king of the world. So there wasn't a lot of experience there. So I think that hurts because the casual investor who maybe wasn't already in this space, had at least heard of Sam Bankman freed and had at some point probably thought that that was representative of what this industry was. I think there's a setback there. But don't forget also the rest of the world's not doing that great either. Equities are down 20% to 30%, bonds are down 15%. Commodities have been all over the place. Currencies, unless you are us dollar based, have been getting crushed year. Most institutional investors are not necessarily pushing back their digital asset investments just because they're afraid of digital assets. They're pushing them back because they got other problems. 98% of their portfolio is nothing to do with bitcoin or Ethereum or Sandbank free, and they're getting hit from all angles right now. And generally, you try to put out the fires that are in your portfolio before you start making investments outside of it.
Speaker C: Absolutely. Absolutely true. I want to pull in Paul questions for Alex and Jeff from viewers as well. And I see the dog is now in the picture.
Speaker A: It is in the picture. Okay, so actually, guys, very interesting conversation. We talked about everything around FTX, about what's going on, and I have a couple of takeaways. First, as Jeff pointed macro was the couple from crypto about six months ago. The second takeaway here is that this is not an architecture failure like in the case of Terra Luna. This is mostly a bad player or some bad players into the space doing some stuff that is not the best. But I would like actually to ask you guys, anything to add? Jeff, Alex, what are your key takeaways to leave our viewers with?
Speaker D: Don't panic. Don't leave right now. This is not the time to leave unless you got hurt really badly, which is unfortunate, and some people did, but unless you have to, this is not the time to leave the space. That would be my key message.
Speaker B: Yeah, mine would be similar, which is we really do need to separate the companies and people who are taking advantage of a loosely regulated space with the space itself and the technology that is being built and how it's being used. There's an old saying like, never let a good crisis go to waste. I mean, that's kind of what you have to do as an investor when you're facing this is there is going to be companies and projects and people who go down very hard with the ship because of events this year. And there's going to be people and projects and firms that do really well. There is always an investable universe of win losers, and once we're able to clear out some of the noise and focus on the individual assets, there's going to be opportunities both to make money, but also in terms of things that actually affect your everyday life. So I think it's going to be harder. Easy money of 2021 and 2020 obviously isn't there right now. Just loosely investing in anything and chasing any headline is not going to be the way to make money right now. But there's no doubt there are going to be winners here, and there's going to be opportunities to leave the space or to blame the space for the actions of a small few would be foolish, in my opinion.
Speaker A: Thank you so much.
Speaker C: I don't have much to add to that except it's been great to have you here. Alex. Jeff, going through these, obviously this is a painful and difficult time, and I think we're all quite optimistic about the future and a bit, I think, skeptical about what's going to happen in the next week or two, the next month or two. Obviously very much difficult to predict with all the volatility that we see happening in the space over you, Paul.
Speaker A: All right, thank you so much, guys, for your key takeaways. And let's do some viewer questions. We have one here from Ralph Ezdev on the real vision website. The question is, the Ontario Teachers pension Plan Board said it had roughly $95 million tied up in FTX per financial post. And in August, Canada's second largest pension fund, CDPQ, wrote off its $150 million investment in Celsius because of these and possibly other pension fund losses. Do you see any additional regulation coming for pension fund investments in crypto?
Speaker B: Well, again, I mean, that was a choice to invest in the equity of these businesses rather than in the assets themselves. I think that choice may start to be questioned of why it was just deemed that the equity of any entity was safer than the individual assets themselves. So I think there might be some soul searching from regulators and governments and rule makers with regard to what is safe and what isn't. A. But yeah, I mean, look, there's definitely going to be regulatory changes. Some of it will be rushed and probably short sighted. Some of it will be very well thought out. I mean, even here in the US, for every Soundbite that Gary Gensler likes to make in a media appearance, there's hundreds of people who actually work under him at the SEC who are taking the time to really learn and to do things the right way and to question and to, to think critically. So I don't think all hope is lost. I think if anything, if you do fast track some of the logical regulatory changes, things like stablecoins, that's low hanging fruit. A stable coin is just a money market. It's very easy to regulate a stable coin like money market exchanges. I wrote a blog post two years ago calling out all the exchanges for the fact that they listed ICP, which went down immediately, like 95%, without disclosing all of the tokenomics and supply issues. With that, I mean, there's certainly easy things that can be forced upon the exchanges in terms of disclosures around some of the assets they're listing, some of that might just be voluntary transparency in the wake of this. Some of that might be forced upon them by regulators. But there are some easy fixes that we can do first before we even get into some of the deeper, more challenging issues with regard to how this new technology plays out. So I'm in the camp that any regulation is good because it does give people a sense of comfort and relief and ultimately drives more investment dollars and more interest in the space.
Speaker A: Thank you so much, Jeff. Alex, we have a question for you. Coming from Twinsend ETH on YouTube, do you see centralized exchanges as something to be used or avoided? Why? And do you think regulation should be done by code or a third party?
Speaker D: Well, a couple things there. The first one is not everyone is suited for self custody. Self custody is complicated. It's difficult, takes time, and it's prone to mistakes that can be very costly. So definitely centralized exchanges, they definitely have a place. They're not going to go away. They shouldn't go away. What should happen there, and this is very important, is custody and what the exchange actually does, what exchanges do is they have a matching engine, so their business should be matching buyers as buyers and sellers, and custody should be set aside. So that, I think, is one of the things that is going to be happening and hopefully fast. Once that is in place, there is very little reason to be, to be afraid to put it in a way of centralized exchanges. That being said, itself casually makes a lot of sense, especially for those who are not trading, who are not managing risk. If you don't have too much exposure in the asset class, you don't have to be hedging all the time. But even if you're not a trader and your exposure to the asset class is very significant, given how volatile it is, you're forced to hedge. And for that, generally you need to go to a centralized exchange.
Speaker B: Not always.
Speaker D: There are exceptions.
Speaker A: Thank you so much. Thank you to all of you. Ash, Alex and Jeff, thank you for joining us today and pleasure having you on this show.
Speaker D: Thank you guys.
Speaker A: That's it for today. Don't forget to subscribe. Real vision crypto is free. For those of you watching on YouTube, you know, smash everything like button Bella and subscribe. And don't forget today we have actually an AMA. Ask me everything live with our co founder Raoul pal at 05:00 p.m. eastern time today. Make sure to join in here on YouTube on the real Vision Crypto channel, not the macro finance channel, real vision crypto and tomorrow here on the show, we'll have Laura Shin from the on Chain podcast and Chris Sullivan on the show. You don't want to miss that. It's going to be great. And see you at noon eastern time, 05:00 p.m. london time here on the real Vision crypto daily briefing.
