Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30.
Speaker C: 30, baby get 30, baby get 20. 2020, baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint mobile.com switch $45 upfront for three months.
Speaker C: Plus taxes and fees.
Speaker B: Promoting for new customers for limited time.
Speaker C: Unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows.
Speaker B: Full terms at Mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker C: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance. Join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten. That's podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Now to the top analysis of today's crypto markets.
Speaker B: How is the DeFi space adapting to a developing banking crisis? Welcome to Cryptoverse, a live show every Monday and Wednesday where we focus on big, interesting, and promising developments in this space. I'm Ash Bennington. Today I'm joined by Ben Whitby, who looks after regulatory affairs at Cureto, the cross chain protocol for digital asset managers and traders. Ben, welcome to the show.
Speaker C: Thanks, Ash. Really great pleasure to be here.
Speaker B: Well, it's a great pleasure to have you back. It's always a pleasure to have you back, but especially now in terms of the timing on this. You and I were chatting a little bit off camera about all of the things that are happening in the banking space right now. What's your big picture take on how this influences the defi ecosystem?
Speaker C: I mean, Defi continues to be successful. The methods and the models of over collateralization are holding up strong. Crypto assets are becoming a place to go when others are fearful of the traditional banking system. You and I have been saying it for a long, long, long time, and it feels like now that the tides have turned and people that even were skeptics are jumping in.
Speaker B: Yeah, let's talk a little bit about this. How do you view what's happened in the traditional banking system? We'll talk a little bit about its influence on defi in just a second. But big picture, give us where we are at this time that seems to be roiling with all types of instability right now.
Speaker C: I mean, so everybody's been very familiar with what's happened in the kind of the macro space with interest rates kind of going up and the pain that's being inflicted in trying to the traditional banking models of various different scenarios to try and get inflation under control. What weve got is basically its a failure of the bis capital structures. So the rules that allow us to mark to market various different assets have been tested. Its been proven that mark to market is going to be something that everything needs to be done. It can't just be forgotten and Fugazi'd over because it's a government bond. Let's explain Mark to market everything.
Speaker B: Let's explain what this means, mark to market for people who don't have accounting backgrounds. This is the idea that when you own government securities, particularly in this case, which have the lowest risk asset weighting, essentially they just get marked to maturity on the book, meaning they get held at par on the book. But what we see is interest rates rising, pushing bond prices down, and that therefore has to be marked to market as soon as there's a sale. It's a really complex sort of network of regulation. Talk a little bit about risk weighted assets. Talk a little bit about mark to market versus mark to maturity, because I know there are a lot of people in the crypto space who are really baffled by this conversation when we use the traditional finance terms.
Speaker C: So the idea with mark to market is exactly as it says on the tenants. It's what the market will, will provide for you for an asset at particular point in time. That particular point in time we see in the crypto space every single day. But there are certain assets that are deemed to be allowed to be held as marked maturity, which means that you can just maintain power. And it's almost, if you put it into a DeFi perspective, like USDc maintaining the dollar peg. No matter what happens in the market, no matter where the transparency lies, it's like, this is a dollar. It's a dollar, it's a dollar, it's a dollar. He can trust us. And actually, we've all seen that we can't be trusted in terms of that, and that the true value of an asset is only what you can sell it for in the market. Hence, mark to market. Clay.
Speaker B: Yeah, that last sentence is absolutely critical for people to understand. Par for those who don't know, means just 100 cents on the dollar at face value. But the challenge is, of course, even though there's no credit risk on, for example, US treasury securities, or theoretically no credit risk on US treasury securities, you still have the mark to market risk, meaning that you'll see interest rates rise, bond prices fall, and you won't be able to sell those positions for what they're carried on the books act. That's been the challenge that we've been hearing about with SBE and other banks in this regional banking space.
Speaker C: Yeah, 100%. It's an accounting rule that is allowed to exist. It's existed for many years, given the unprecedented circumstances that we've been in. And in terms of the rapid increase in interest rises, various different players that are holding these assets just haven't had an opportunity to work out and balance their risk in quite the right way. And the accounting positions just led them just down a complete dark alley. So there was a massive duration risk, and obviously, it's had a significant impact in the traditional space below the GSIBs, the financially secure, systemically important banks that have been deemed too big to fail.
Speaker B: Let's talk a little bit about liquidity risk and mismatches on duration. This is the sort of fundamentally, what banks do is lend long and borrow short. These create these potential instabilities. But this is the nature of the banking business for people who don't have that traditional finance background. Ben, explain what this means and why it's so significant in understanding this banking crisis.
Speaker C: So it's all about portfolio risk. And the fractional reserve banking structure that exists today means that banks, when they get a deposit, say $1,000, they can fractionally reserve that and create several loans of $1,000 out to several different cat parties. That fractional reserve banking position puts portfolio risk out into the market. And the last time that we saw a massive correlation of portfolio risk in the market was really the mortgage backed securities in 2008. What it means is if you cant rebalance that, then youre going to end up scrabbling around for liquidity to pay your debts. And sometimes youve got assets that are valuable, as it says on the books, but theres just no market. Theres nobody on the other side of that trade to take that asset and actually enable you to get liquidity to pay your bills and to pay your other depositors.
Speaker B: Yeah, you mentioned USDC de pegging Archer. I dont know if we have that chart queued up, if we could take a look at it, because I think this really shows precisely what happened. Well, there it is. You can see that massive dip. Thats what happens when a so called stablecoin de pegs in a significant way. The challenge here was, I believe, $3.3 billion of some $40 to $45 billion in total assets that were held by the Circle coalition or the governing coalition of USDC were held on the books Silicon Valley bank. And you saw that deep ag happen as a consequence. Talk a little bit about this, Ben, and explain what caused that steep leg down.
Speaker C: The steep leg down was fear. Fear in the marketplace of people displacing their USDC for other assets and not wanting to hold USDC as an asset, and therefore wanting to get out of that into anything other than USDC. I think whats happened, and that chart is pretty amazing, isnt it? That rapid decline followed by the rapid climb back up to stability. And thats because once the transparency came through with where the assets and the dollars and the bonds and the treasury yields were actually being held, it actually turned out that at the end of this systemic test, the asset actually end up in a much better position with much more transparent position and assets and treasury bonds held at tier one banks. Now, it's ironic that Operation Chokepoint has, in an effort to cripple the crypto space and the Defi space, not only resulted in a stablecoin that is more transparent with assets held at a higher tier of banking structure, but actually we've ended up having a pretty systemic effect on those banks that aren't gceps, with people being pretty fearful and moving money out of the regional banks into, into JP Morgan's and other kind of more tier one capital banks.
Speaker B: Well, let me make two quick provisos there on what you just said. Maybe you can comment on them. First, Operation Choke. .2.0 this is the Nick Carter coin term for essentially what's viewed as a government crackdown on cryptocurrencies more broadly throughout the financial system. This is something that has been denied by various folks in and around government. So this is one thing to point out. And the second point I think that's critical to make here is that regarding the capital flight from regional banks to GSIBs, these, as you say, are the globally systemically important banks. They have tighter regulation. They also have the ability to raise funds much more easily at cheaper costs from a broader variety of sources. But the risk here is, in essence, that you see a major flight away from the regional banks here in the United States. You wind up with a situation like they have in Canada, a few banks that essentially control the entire economy. And in many ways, this idea of local lenders, there's a reason why folks in business like to work with them. They understand the businesses that they're in, they understand the regions. There are also certainly problems that can come as a consequence of having the entire US economy held by four systemically, held in the palm of the hand of four systemically important banks.
Speaker C: Yeah. There's a lot of historic value as to, to why these regional banks have become such strong players in the regions that they operate, because the geography of the lands that they operate and the closeness that they had to their clients and customers. Obviously, digital assets don't have any of these geography drawbacks and geography kind of positions shaping them, because obviously the assets themselves are digital. But it has been the more regional banks, the more the banks that are more ambitious in terms of their growth opportunities that have been supporting the crypto industry at this point in time.
Speaker B: William Right. While geography may not be a factor, it will be less of a factor in this digitized world. Certainly the sector specific expertise that some of these banks have developed would still play a role in the 2023 financial ecosystem.
Speaker C: Yeah, 100%. And thats very apparent with Silicon Valley bank. The risk takers in this space, the players that were putting assets into the crypto space, which is high risk technology sector, they would use their relationships and their influence to get bank accounts opened with Silicon Valley bank for sure. But I'm not sure that it was the crypto influence that really brought down Silicon Valley bank, other than the mismatch and duration risk that was on the books.
Speaker B: Yeah. And the ultimate bank run effect, when there were the fear or the perception that the bank had become unstable and people just went and pulled their assets out. And by the way, thats probably a pretty natural reaction. What happens when you have a relationship with Silicon Valley bank or any other regional bank, and you also have a relationship with Citi or JPM or another one of the GSIBs, that theres just going to be capital flight because people have to secure. Ive heard from people who I know personally who have said they made that decision with their business themselves. When they had the opportunity to move capital to a larger bank, they did.
Speaker C: So now it's exactly the same as Terra Luna collapsing in crypto world. People were just like, no, thank you very much. We're going to take these assets out. We're going to take them back. And the underlying asset, in this case, Silicon Valley bank, as the entity collapsed, and cryptos case, the terra Lina asset collapsed.
Speaker B: Raoul so talking of which, we've given this great primer on what's been happening in the traditional financial space. Weve set the table, so to speak, here on banking. Lets talk a little bit about DeFi. Lets talk a little bit about digital assets and how this potentially influences them. Whats your thought big picture about the influence that this crisis has had on the Defi ecosystem?
Speaker C: Well, so I think assets in the crypto space have undergone quite a positive change in terms of the awareness of it being slightly correlated. In terms of the traditional banking sector. In terms of defi, it's pretty much steady as she goes. We've had a number of different failures that over the last six months have been more closely related to centralized or c five type of activity, where it's that bridge and there's a strong intermediary. But if you look at something like the liquidity protocol and LUsD, it's been incredibly resilient, it's been stable, and in fact, the assets have been growing. So, yeah, it's certainly a testing time. But I don't think that DeFi has fared badly at all out of all of this, because of the way that the structures of the code has been, has been drafted. That's not to say that it's perfect by any means, shape or form, but the opportunity to act as expected is very real, and it has operated as expected.
Speaker B: Well, you know, it's so interesting. Not that long ago, a number of months ago, we were talking about a whole series of hacks in the DeFi space. Governance hacks, flash loan attacks, actual flaws in the underlying code, all of these DeFi specific risks. It was interesting. Lots of folks who were very anti defi sort of made the argument, hey, this is why DeFi is a terrible idea. And what we're seeing now is really, there is no ideal system. We've seen these challenges, these flaws, these known weaknesses within the tradfi space that have very much come to bear, made themselves manifest in a very clear and troubling way. And now we see some of the strengths of Defi relative to c five. It's really interesting to see how that's beginning to shake out.
Speaker C: It's really interesting. I think the flash loan risks are very real still. There's still a lot of manipulation that can happen there. And that happens whenever you get a thinly traded asset that can be manipulated. And because the smart contracts rely on the price feeds from a very small number of chain sources, whether it be the price reference feed of something like Chainlink or some of the other competitors like covalent or something like that, then you're going to look to be able to manage systemic risk on, on that. And you can look for parallels and things like Libor. When Libor was manipulated, the various different positions that took place on that respect. But at the end of the day. It comes back to the opening comments that we made about marking to market. You have to be able to be confident that you can liquidate an asset at a particular price in order to base your value off it.
Speaker B: Yeah. Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited premium wireless.
Speaker C: Everybody to get 30, 30, baby, get 30, bid to get 20. 2020, 2020, you better get 15. 1515, just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint mobile.com switch $45 up front for three.
Speaker C: Months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time Unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows.
Speaker B: Full terms at mint mobile.com dot. Great conversation. Listen, let me just invite the viewers in to join us. Put down your questions in the chat below wherever you're watching, we'll ask the best ones on air later in this conversation. Remember, real vision crypto members take priority, but the good news is membership is free. Go to realvision.com Crypto to sign up. That's RealVision.com crypto to sign up with. That said, let's come back to the conversation. Another thing that's interesting to me that's come up as a consequence of what's happening in the tradfi space is some of the challenges that we see around stable coins. The idea of how do you essentially tie on chain assets to off chain dollars, this is a question that pretty clearly, I think it's reasonable to say has not yet been fully solved. Three opportunities are out there for the future. I'll just list them very briefly. CBDCs, of course, central bank digital currencies, treasury backed stable coins, and one that's come up recently, these so called deposit coins. JP Morgan appears to be working on one right now. Any thoughts on how that may change the DeFi ecosystem if and when those technologies come online?
Speaker C: I mean, personally, I can't see a central bank, digital bank currency and CDBC hitting DeFi. I can't see anybody apart from the clearing banks, the GSIBs, being allowed to hold those assets predominantly because they break fractional reserve. Why would you hold anything else other than a CDBC if you were given the choice and given the option?
Speaker B: Maybe because you can't lend it out. Maybe there's some legislation or regulation around that it's one potential answer.
Speaker C: Yeah, maybe. I definitely think that the cleaning banks and the GSIPs will be potentially anybody that has to kind of evidence kind of capital controls, they might be allowed to hold CDBCs. I think there'll be a tremendous help when it comes to monitoring the resolution requirements. I mean, we could put resolution requirements on chain today and have real time transparency to the Fed, the Bank of England, the various different centralized counterparties that are responsible for monitoring resolution and risk of these systemic organizations. In terms of the deposit coins, I think they are probably a needed natural next step. I had a great deal of concerns about the stable coins that were coming into, being discussed by individual banks, and kind of made several occasions parallels with the wildcat banking sector of the 1860s, where the gold just wasnt there. The gold wasnt up in the hills, in the mountains, the way that the wildcat banks said that they would. Transparency is going to be key on everything that we're doing, really. So the more auditors, accountants understanding that there is on blockfi and trading spaces and various different scenarios, the better.
Speaker B: Yeah. And in many ways, this technology is uniquely well positioned to provide precisely that transparency. When you talk about accountants and regulators, just to give our audience a bit of an idea of your background, you spent seven years at HSBC as a, working in regulatory conduct and financial crimes, and also three years at PwC in governance, risk and compliance. Earlier in your career, you were an analyst at Lloyds of London. This is a tremendous amount of experience, looking at precisely these kinds of issues and thinking about the challenges that we see in the banking system, as well as the opportunities that DeFi can provide.
Speaker C: Yeah, and a lot of what I did during my career all resolved around making sure that we could report correctly to the central authorities. And I remember after Lehman collapsed in 2008, we worked with the various different regulators around the world as part of PwC. And then stepping across the road into HSBC, we had to encounter kind of interactions with the then FCA to make sure that we could demonstrate resolution capabilities and resolution capabilities that we put in place. What does that mean?
Speaker B: People who don't know about bank resolution.
Speaker C: So there are certain guidelines and structures that are now in force that mean that a bank periodically has to demonstrate its capability to meet its capital requirements. The risk of it falling to a place where it can't meet those capital requirements. It would be brought under the wing of a regulator and given a soft landing so you wouldn't get the sharp kind of default of a banking structure. That's happened with SVB if the resolution requirements were managed correctly, it would be given a soft landing, and you'd be able to move away and navigate that position so you wouldn't be exposed to the kind of shock that we've faced over the last couple of weeks. The challenge is that in order to get that information today, at least back in, when we first put this together, it was several weeks of analysts running around, getting information from various different data sources, looking at historic. So obviously, everything was historic, holding positions up to a particular point in time, and the regulators would take a look at the information that we put on the table, and they would take a measured and managed assessment of that information, and they would give us direction. Of course, with blockchain, all the banks could build systems that allowed the centralized regulators to see inside their resolution requirements at any one point in time. And it would basically be like having green lights on top of Wall street. Every bank along the street would have green light, red light, green light, amber light, red light. And the surveillance of that banking system would be a daily activity for the regulators to be able to step in and assess. And as soon as they see that needle is kind of moving, they can have a targeted, focused conversation.
Speaker B: Yeah, and it can be continuous and in real time. Even the best audits now are snapshots of sort of historical events or historical pictures of what a banks capital structure looks like. This is something through defi that can truly be real time, measured on a transaction by transaction basis. It can be reported publicly, or some component of it can be reported publicly. It's a pretty extraordinary idea concept world that we could be moving toward in this space.
Speaker C: Yeah. I mean, it's been ten years. We've had the opportunity to do this for over ten years. I mean, arguably, you know, ever since kind of smart contracts and kind of change like Ethereum have kind of existed, and the ability to do things in a smart contract way, it's been easier, but theres no reason that we couldnt have done it with some other centralized DLT chain technology has been there to be able to do this. Its just havent taken that initiative yet.
Speaker B: William, let me ask you this, at risk of going too deep down the rabbit hole, but you mentioned capital requirements for people who dont have a background in traditional finance. Maybe many of our viewers come to us from the technology side and their interest in crypto. This idea of what capital requirements are, how it works in terms of its relationship to fractional reserve banking, is really a critical point to understand at the 50,000 foot level, the quick primer sketch for people who don't understand capital requirements. Talk about how capital requirements provide cushions against risk in banking.
Speaker C: Well, it's exactly as you described there, that cushion of risk. The idea is that for any bank or any kind of financial institution that has loans or risk out in the marketplace that they keep on their own balance sheet, a proportion of assets in relation to the amount of risk that they've got out in the marketplace and the amount of assets that they've actually got held on their balance sheet is actually discounted. So things like government bonds are given top tier weighting. So every dollar that you've got a government bond equates to $1 of risk asset that you can put against your capital. Bis actually came out with framework and guidelines, by the way, for people who don't know months ago.
Speaker B: This is the bank of international settlements that coordinates central bank activity globally.
Speaker C: Yeah, they came out with an initiative a couple of months ago to actually look at bitcoin and what kind of discount rating holding bitcoin on your balance sheet would have. Obviously, if your weighting is zero, it doesn't matter how many assets you've got on your balance sheet, you're not going to add to your capital reserve. If your weighting is 100%, then every dollar that you put on there is going to increase that reserve. And assets throughout the spectrum, let's say from dollars to bitcoin, are given a specific tier of how much they're discounted.
Speaker B: So where did they land?
Speaker C: Bis? I mean, it was sub 5%. I mean, I hope that would improve over the course of the next decade. But they're not going out there shouting to the traditional banking sector that they need to put bitcoin onto their balance sheet, which is right now.
Speaker B: Well, listen, when you look at the max drawdown charts of bitcoin and you see those numbers slightly increasing, I guess from the high nineties, which is just disgusting, to some number less than that. It gives you some sense that it is improving in terms of volatility, but its still whatever it is, an 80 volts asset.
Speaker C: Adam? Yeah, mate. I think its slightly less than 80 volts, but its certainly out there. And then, of course, youve got the long tail of spectrum of other assets as you move out of the top tier assets to much more risky and speculative assets. But yeah, that the idea of putting money and putting assets into something that could go to a million bucks or could go to zero, it's always out there and it's all about risk positions. And I think I'm of the opinion that people should be allowed to make their own informed choices on those risk positions and enter into a position that they wish to. There were certain things that are happening in the regulatory space at the moment that are really difficult in terms of occluding organizations and individuals from that asset class. So it's very difficult.
Speaker B: Let me ask you this, because it was a concept that came up during my conversation last week with Perry Ann Boring. This is a great idea, I think, to discuss and to talk about and unpack. Perriam was making the argument about fully reserved banking, full reserve banking here in the US as well as abroad. Are there opportunities for full reserve banking rather than fractional reserve banking in terms of some of the stability issues that we've seen around these banks recently?
Speaker C: Raoul? I mean, that's what circles is with USDC. It's fully reserved banking. It's a money market instrument. It's near term money market instrument. It's ironic that USDC is going to be seen as a much safer asset for people because of the transparency that you've got, rather than some of the other places that you can hold assets. Personally, I don't think that we're ever going to get to a position where I. Banks are fully reserved. I just don't think there's enough money or dollars in the world to be able to do that. Especially when you look at things like the derivatives market. There's always going to be risk on, risk off, and a zero sum game is effectively in humans nature.
Speaker B: Well, let me play devil's advocate here. The idea that circle USDC can be fully reserved. It may be fully reserved internally, but if the assets are held at fractional reserve banks that have the potential to fail as a consequence of their inability to manage liquidity risk, is that really fully reserved?
Speaker C: No, I mean, and that's the thing. You start going down the rabbit hole and somewhere, somewhere it's turtles all the way down, right? That's. That's the nature of fiat.
Speaker B: Yeah. I wonder if there's a way. I actually was thinking about this this morning. In order to get to fully reserved banks, I think there'd be two problems that you'd have to solve. First would have to find a way to legally wall off, effectively, the fully reserved assets from the fractional reserve assets. Because the risk would be if you had a fractional reserve bank, which frankly, is just about every bank in the world today, at least in the western world, you would have this fractional reserved entity with a fully reserved entity attached to it. And the question would be, if there were a failure of the parent company, the fractional reserved asset company, what would happen? Would you essentially become a general creditor if you held even the fully reserved assets? Thats number one. And number two, with fully reserved banking, the question is, how do you monetize it? Obviously, when you have fractional reserve banks, you can take those deposits in, you can lend them out, you can generate return on the assets against the liabilities that you hold in DDA accounts. But what happens in a fully reserved bank system where you dont have the ability to lend the assets? Where do you make the money? I guess one example, a solution to that could be fees. You could simply charge to transact in it. And if the model was efficient enough, hopefully those fees could be small enough. And those institutions that were banking on a fully reserved basis might have the opportunity to make money. But boy, those are two really big unanswered questions.
Speaker C: Raoul well, so let's look at this from a crypto lens. When you start to look at fully reserved banking, you can look at assets that are fully backed. You need to be able to yield on that, you need to make a return on that. You're looking for incredibly low risk because any lending incurs risk. I would say that probably staking is as close as we're ever going to get to a risk free rate where the instantiation of the staked assets, and they certainly carry risk. And you have to do work in terms of making sure that you don't incur that slashing risk. But those staked assets being formed as part of that protocol start to yield, in Ethereum's case, between four and 8%, depending on what's happening with that asset. You match that into a stablecoin that could be built upon that, and you potentially are talking about a fully reserved with yield system.
Speaker B: Yeah. Two challenges that currently exist in the system. One, of course, is what happens if that underlying staking asset is deemed a security by authorities here in the United States and abroad throughout the developed world. That's a question that we see with bitcoin. Now, we had the attorney general here in the state of New York, where I live, file suit in New York state Supreme Court alleging that Ethereum is in fact a security. That's one open question. Open question number two, something that you've spent a great deal more time thinking about than I have as someone who worked in financial crimes, is what happens when an OFAC, that's the Office of Foreign Asset Controls at US treasury. This is the primary sanctions regulator here in the United States deems that a transaction has been engaged in by someone on the SDN list. That's the specially designated nationalist. Essentially, these are folks who have been bought listed from the banking system here in the United States. What happens when you have this irresistible force hitting this immovable object, when you have this culture of Ethereum which talks about censorship, resistance and incredible neutrality? That's one way of saying that all actors on a network are treated equally by the underlying protocol. What happens when you have US directors and officers at a company in the United States, a kraken or a coinbase, theoretically speaking, who essentially are running stake pools? What do they, do they get out of the staking business entirely? Do they include those SDN OFAC sanctioned transactions or do they. Or do they exclude them and risk getting slashed? That is like, just. I know it's a theoretical example, but man, that's one hell of a paradox.
Speaker C: Yeah, it really is a paradox. I mean, so sanctions, I think are the pinnacle in terms of financial crime. You never ignore sanctions. Sanctions are there for a reason. You have to be mindful of what the objectives of the sanctions are in place and certainly cannot be flippant about the position that the sanction narrative is putting on the table. Now where we get to in terms of the protocol, you start to expand that out to real world positions and add all parts of any kind of technology stack. You can always look at various different actors. So, for example, if you look at a network such as telephone network, are the operators of that telephone network, are they explicit in any kind of sanctioned activity because they allowed sanctioned individuals to transact and communicate using their telephone network? And I think at some point we have to make a more kind of nuanced position on that and really kind of look for intent. What was the intent of the parties and the individuals involved? And I think at the protocol position, it's exceptionally hard to do that. Exceptionally hard because it is so open. What we've seen in the Dapp space is various different players like chain analysis and coinfirm Tom, come together and provide free open services to enable teams to put sanctions checking into their dapps. There's no easy answer. We just got to work through it and find out what the accepted norms are going to be in this next world. I don't think they'll be too far off from today's norms, but we don't necessarily have the banks as trusted, helpful third parties in this space. When you can act directly with smart contracts and directly peer to peer.
Speaker B: Well, that's so well said. And I think that the metaphor of a telephone company is probably the one that folks in, for example, the Ethereum community would point, point to and say, hey, look, if bad actors use a telephone network, you don't blame at and t or verizon for it. This is this idea of credible neutrality, that all actors in the network are treated equally. But it's interesting because you kind of have this collision between the empirical arguments and the normative ones, whether or not that would be the ideal, whether or not that's something we should move toward, and that's something that's subject to debate philosophically. The reality is, as I understand it, at least the way the law is written today, that if banks essentially forward along transactions by sanctioned entities, they can be held legally liable for it. And that is why there is so much concern among us, particularly regulated businesses, about engaging in those transactions. And that creates that very paradox that we were just talking about.
Speaker C: Yeah, absolutely. It's not something that we can take lightly. Sanctions are there for a reason. They need to be respected.
Speaker B: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real vision crypto daily briefing. You're a podcast listener, and this is a podcast ad. Reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from lips and ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements, or run a reproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience with lips and ads, go to lipsonads.com now. That's Libsyn ads.com dot. Yeah, obviously a lot more to come in this space, and we're going to be following it closely. And I hope you can keep coming on and joining us in these conversations because you truly do have the expertise in the background to really add to this in a very meaningful way. And these are very sort of challenging conversations because they require a detailed knowledge of the crypto digital asset ecosystem where you spend all of your time now, as well as an understanding of the legal, regulatory, compliance and legislative framework from the traditional banking system, where all of these issues have been adjudicated and argued over much more closely. So much great stuff to talk about. We've got some questions coming into us right now from our viewers. The first one is from a friend of the show, Santiago Velez. Hello Santiago, I'm glad you're watching. How do you envision institutions entering DeFi? And what will the role of NPC's be in that process? Do you see the likes of fidelity using a Dex and what is the prerequisite for that, by the way? I should say MPC is multi party computation and Dex is decentralized exchange.
Speaker C: So I would say that institutions definitely need to get into DeFi. They need to explore the boundaries of exactly the control structures that are around there. In that respect, it all depends in terms of objectives. The biggest thing that I see organizations do at this particular moment in time, one, getting exposure to this space. Two, looking to stake assets where they can to get into that risk free rate and then yield. And two, start to put different DeFi packages together that enable them to offer various different products to their clients and to their users. But the opportunities to navigate in DeFi are significant. I always come back to a really nice example that happened at HSBC before I left with, with Cairn energy. Now they were, Cairn energy was looking to do an FX transaction, and the FX traders on the desk of HSBC front run that transaction. They are caught up by the us regulators. One of them, I think, went to prison. And that scenario where you're putting an intermediary in between your objective and your desired goal always is subject to the opportunity to be front run. With DeFi, everybody's got a point at the table, you know exactly what you're getting, and everybody is going to be able to get better, more competitive fees. So yeah, I'm a strong advocate for DeFi, just deep in FX currency swaps.
Speaker B: What does that mean exactly, and how might you see it be implemented? Because FX cross border payments, cross border transactions are a huge use case in the DeFi space. How would you see that working?
Speaker C: Well, first of all, I think we need more transparency. Not, sorry, not more transparency, more privacy, actually, in DeFi, because a lot of the challenges that you have are some of the benefits of, of transacting with DeFi protocols, contracts and Amms is the opportunity to enter into an execution of all trade and understand exactly what you're getting out at the backend. But because everything is so transparent, people can actually. I think the term in crypto is whale watch. They watch the addresses on the blockchains and set up programmatic alerts to copy various different trading activity. And if that copy activity extends into institutions, then we end up in a very difficult position because we will end up with other players trading against that position and trying to take advantage of the opportunities in that space. And it's being manifested in traditional regs by giving institutions large order exemptions, meaning they don't have to report their orders for a period of time until after they've made the trade, the transaction in Defi, you don't get any of that. Your transaction is open, it's transparent to everybody. So I actually think that we need more transparent, more privacy and less transparency on DeFi. And we need to consider the, the positions of reporting assets and reporting transactions after the fact without making them completely transparent.
Speaker B: On Jay so that's interesting. That's an almost fragmentation. Greater privacy for those enacting those engaging in those transactions on the one hand, and yet at the other side, essentially the capacity to report those ex posts to the various authorities that would need access to that information.
Speaker C: Yeah, and it kind of goes against the kind of challenges of sanctions as well, because if you've engaging with a position that has got sanctioned actors involved, what position should you actually take in that? And if you think about an amm, which is basically an automated bot, if an institution is going to participate with that amm, to actually undertake the activity they want to achieve, they have to be confident that that AMM is running with clean assets. Now, if you start with 100% clean assets, over time, your needle is only going to go one way, it's unlikely to come the other way.
Speaker B: Meaning it's going to go down from there.
Speaker C: The, it's inevitable. Yeah, it's inevitable. I mean, you know, the laws of entropy, everything starts off bright and shining and ends up cold and black. It's like the, or inevitably the uh, the milkshake that you're making with nice fresh strawberries. As soon as you end up adding some sneaky rotten strawberries in there, first few are fine. By the time you've added 50% rotten strawberries, it's not really milkshake anymore. So you need to be comfortable that the asset pool that youre dealing with is of a sufficiently high quality to returning assets. And if its not of a sufficiently high quality, then youre going to have to want to pull your assets out. And then you end up with exactly the same position that weve seen with a bank run where everybodys scrambling to get their assets out quickly. Yeah.
Speaker B: Heres a question from Paul on the real vision website. Ive heard Coinbase is making some big changes. Any more information on whats being worked on there?
Speaker C: I mean, im not close or inside to the Coinbase position. I do see what they do publicly. I think Brian Armstrong is doing an amazing job, kind of pushing various different narratives in that respect. I think that they move into base and theyre releasing defi. Layer two is a genius move. It's going to give people a lot of confidence to go and explore into the space and it's going to allow them to build different things. All kind of backed up. And the arguments of the blockchain trilemma about speed, security and transaction flow put is, is falling away with the devolution of the blockchain space. And I think we've said it before several times, we now exist in a multi chain world and I don't see that going away anytime soon. I think there was talk of, I think, arbitrum pushing out a layer three, a roll up on their arbitrum roll up. So it's a, things are going to get cheaper and quicker and easier to transact. Yeah.
Speaker B: It is interesting to see how these l one s, two s and three s potentially have the ability to solve the trilemma of security, decentralization and scalability. We should say that base is the Ethereum based, coin based layer two protocol that they are working on and has been released, I believe, already.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's been out now three or four weeks. So yeah, the Coinbase team doing amazing, amazing job. I mean, I'm biased obviously, because they're an investor in the Credo project. So yeah, they've always got our support in everything that they're pushing through. More importantly, the values that they hold are true to the space. I think they get quite a rough time from people in the crypto community because they're big and successful and they're trying to do the right thing.
Speaker B: Hey, Doug Credo, I just wanted to ask a question. This one comes to us from Mister Ali on YouTube. As decentralization becomes more important for the crypto industry, how does Credo balance the need for decentralized custody solutions with the regulatory requirements that come with holding digital assets? Boy, Mister Ali has been paying attention. Thats exactly what weve been talking about. How do you guys balance that out?
Speaker C: Simple. The assets that are held on Credo are users assets. Theyre not Credo's assets. There is no confusion about where title sits with those assets. When youre dealing and youre holding your assets with the credo blockchain, theyre your assets. Simple as that. Now, there's going to be different things that we can help organizations do in terms of maintaining and managing that spectrum of ownership. But if you want to, you can maintain 100% ownership and title. If you want to, you can build structures and governance structures that enable you nobody to actually hold title of those assets. So, for example, you could build a, a BLS policy threshold of three of six players, for example, and you could give two key shares to one organization, two key shares to another, and two key shares to the third and final. Now, at any one point in time, nobody has custody of those assets, but yet you all have the ability to collaborate, come together and move those assets, and therefore advertiser. Yeah, very different world.
Speaker B: Yeah. I was just going to say this touches on Santiago Velez's point about MPC multi party computation. Some of the interesting things that are happening with account abstraction on Ethereum really is a fascinating world in terms of your ability to make this money truly programmable and based on logic that gets specified within the code.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, so we've had a lot of conversations about account abstraction over the last couple of weeks and how it's going to be the death of NPC. It's really not. We've got some ideas that we're going to be talking to the market in the next couple of weeks, months where we're talking about NPC and account abstraction working together now that things get very exciting when you start talking about that because of the way that account abstraction works now, account abstraction the way that the changes that are being made are incredibly beneficial to the ecosystem. But although it enables a smart contract on a chain to be a first class citizen when it comes to making transactions and activity, you're always constrained and bound by that ecosystem. Now, Krita, one of our strengths is cross chain communication, and we're going to be looking to enable cross chain communication with something called general message passing, which will allow you to control chains.
Speaker B: Here's another question from Mister Ali. Any thoughts on the recent rush of depositors to money market funds and how will this affect the banking crisis? Let me just ask this before we get into that question. For folks who don't know what a money market fund is, talk a little bit about what that means, what some of the risks are with money market funds, and how they differ from traditional demand deposit accounts in the event of an insolvency.
Speaker C: It's to do with the ability to actually find liquidity and actually the predominancy in the tiering and layering of those different assets. So you and I were talking earlier about the various different credit positions, equity holding positions, debt positions, et cetera, et cetera, and the seniority of where you come into in terms of that play. The money on market instruments are representations as close to as representations as you can get to actually holding assets, but they're built via holding various different tiers and flavors of bonds, which means that you can sell them with much more confidence and there's more liquid position so people can move in and move out. And I think, yeah, it's a direct consequence of people trying to get to a fully reserved system. Yeah.
Speaker B: Very well said, Ben. We're an incredible conversation here today. We've touched on a lot of in the depths of the banking space and to the depths of crypto. Final thoughts, key takeaways that you'd like to leave our audience with.
Speaker C: This crypto space is very, very risky. It's still very risky. But what's been apparent is that there have been now systemic tests against it, and things are surviving incredibly well. In fact, you could actually say it's anti fragile for whatever that made up term that taleb kind of made all those years ago. We're getting stronger and stronger because with each failure, we're finding the weaknesses and we're showing them up and holding them up. And so, yeah, we're getting a much stronger position now than in 2018. We're in a much stronger position now than 2015, when things were very nascent. It's going to be very exciting, and I think the next phase is really going to see an institutional flood capital into this space then probably staking it. Yeah.
Speaker B: Very well said. In my view, there's nothing in the financial services ecosystem right now that has more risk or more excitement and opportunity. What's happening in crypto. Ben, such a pleasure having with you. I hope you'll come again and join us again soon.
Speaker C: Anytime.
Speaker B: Ben, thanks for joining us. Thank you for watching everyone.
