Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling wherever you sell. With Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps, and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your dollar one per month trial period@shopify.com. tech. All lowercase. That's Shopify.com tech.
Speaker B: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance. Join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten to get 10% off our central membership for the first year. And now to today's episode.
Speaker C: I can't wait to talk to Dan Sickles. Dan's a friend of mine and he is a award winning filmmaker. Okay, so what's the relevance? Well, he's making the definitive film on NFTs and the culture of web three. And it's spectacular. Obviously, it's spectacular because I'm in it, which makes it even better. But actually, what he's done is pulled together all of the communities and got them to represent themselves from the artists, the creators, yugalabs, everybody. And that reminds me very much of what we're doing with the real vision collective. And I thought this is a perfect time for this interview. The real vision collective is our NFT that creates the super community of web three communities. And I'm really excited about the launch of it. So I think this interview is going to really get you to understand how powerful this movement is, why this cultural relevancy is something that could change the world. That's what the RV collective is about, and that's what Dan Sickles and his film I'm new here is about. So I hope you enjoy it. The world of crypto is an incredibly exciting journey that we're all going on together. We don't know where it's leading to, but we know it's going to be absolutely massive. Join me, Raoul pal, as I guide you on our adventure to discover just what this new world will look like. Dan Sickles, how the devil are you?
Speaker D: I am wonderful, sir. It's good to see your face. Happy new year.
Speaker C: Happy new year. I know we've not seen each other for a while. Listen, there's a lot to talk about. Really interesting what you're up to. But before we get into that, firstly, give people your background and how the hell, you got into this journey of what you're doing now.
Speaker D: Yeah, I'm an independent filmmaker. I largely work in nonfiction. I've been making documentaries for over a decade now and really fell into that work, too. I mean, before that, I was actually doing a lot of acting in theater in New York City, but then very organically, serendipitously, stumbled into directing nonfiction, which I think is really sort of like this pursuit of having your mind blown. And that's sort of a feeling that I found myself addicted to. And, like, you know, interacting with people outside of my sphere definitely puts me in that realm, and that's always been really exciting for me. So, you know, I've been working in that, in the film industry now for, yeah, a little over a decade. Made my first film in 2014 called Mala Mala. I filmed that in Puerto Rico over about three and a half years, and that documented the trans liberation movement happening on the island at the time. Really sort of like a coalescing of different communities, different trans communities on the island to pass legislation three and a half years later. But that's really the first film that I sort of, like, learned how to make a film with while doing that. Premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in 2014, did quite well there, and then came out in theaters in 2015, and is actually still to this day. It's the first documentary and probably the only feature length documentary filmed in Puerto Rico that has a theatrical release in the States. So, you know, very, very proud of that opening and sort of what it's done. And I went from that to making my second film straight into that. That film's called Dina, and it really documents, it's a real life love story. It's a real life rom.com between two people on the spectrum in suburban Philadelphia. Really focuses on this woman named Dina and the love of her life, who is a Walmart door greeter named Scott. And we track, really, the beginnings of their relationship all the way through their wedding and their first few months together.
Speaker C: How the hell did you find that story?
Speaker D: As an aside, I grew up with Deana, actually. My dad was a special ed teacher, so I grew up sort of surrounded by a community of atypical individuals, people on the spectrum, people with down syndrome.
Speaker C: Yeah. My wife treats of kids with autism. She's a board certified behavioral analyst, specializes in autism.
Speaker D: No, it's incredible work. And I guess very, very early on realized that there is a great amount of wisdom actually within a lot of these communities as well. Unseen wisdom, which is the case in a lot of invisible and misunderstood communities. And that is really largely what my work focuses on. How I stumbled up here, though, is, yeah, it's a bit of a turn, but to me, I mean, there are also so many similarities.
Speaker C: Well, you're doing really human stories, and then you start covering NFT. Talk me through this whole how the hell did you get into crypto? Why did you think you need to make a film about it? Because I'm fascinated by that.
Speaker D: Yeah, it's a bit of a twisted story, I guess. But I, you know, I was working for a while. You know, Dina premiered at Sundance. It won the Sundance Film Festival in 2017, had a theatrical run, did quite well there, like, picked up a bunch of awards. And then after that, I sort of, like, went into this space of, like, writing and developing a lot, a lot of times for a lot of other people and a lot of other broadcasters, and to sort of see, you know, how certain work and certain access is twisted to different means right now, I guess, to put it short, was disheartening. And I think that after a series of experiences watching work either be taken away from me and manipulated or other artists that I love and manipulated and exploited and real people exploited as a result, I sort of stepped back. But I had always had this sort of fascination with crypto and what was happening there just because the traditional finance world has always been so obtuse to me. And this looked like an alternative, even in 2017 when I first got interested in it, to what I was trying to understand sort of on the traditional side of things. But that died down during the 2018 bear market, and I just sort of left and I was doing my documentary thing and whatever, flash forward a few years later. And, yeah, I'm sort of a little burnt out from the indie documentary scene and sort of how these things come together in the traditional sense. And I look back into the crypto sphere and then I see these things called nfts. I mean, I remember reading an article about cryptokitties and how they broke this thing called ethereum, and I have no idea what anyone is talking about. I still don't think anyone 100% knows what they're talking about here. Right. But, you know, just like, one thing led to the next, and I fell in love with the dialogue that was happening within this, like, very digitally native community and communities. And, you know, on so many different levels, I guess what was happening in the cryptosphere became very real for me. You know, on one level, in terms of, like, philosophically theoretically questioning the nature of value and what that even means. How we value things, but then also, like, really being hit by how these communities that are online also manifest in the real and how they really build these networks that care for each other. And I'm not somebody who, like, if you had asked me, you know, five years ago, like, what your online community looks like, I think I would have scoffed. I think I would have just been like, what? What is that? Like, I'm not. I'm not an influencer, you know? But now, like, I look at. I look at my online community as something that I have. I have so much appreciation and love for something that I truly value.
Speaker C: Why did that even happen? How did we suddenly go from a community being your physical proximity to, yeah, there's a bunch of people shouting at each other online to, oh, this is. These are my brothers and sisters, and this is my community.
Speaker D: This is such a good question. Yeah, this is such a good question. There's a million answers for it, right? Because, like, when we're talking about, like, nfts and crypto art, like, we are also talking about, you know, three dozen different things that include different motivations, mediums, intentions, all of it, right? So I think this is something that I'm really trying to parse with this work and sort of, like, create this film that demystifies a lot of what's being said about the space, really, from people, like, looking on the outside in to trying to create something that is an expression of what this space is really trying to figure out. Which I think to your question is, why? Why does this exist? And why is it so sticky? You know? But I think that, again, there are so many reasons. It's like, bored Ape Yacht club is an example that I will take because, you know, I have an ape. Yuga has done miraculous things, sort of like, bridging like this, like, virtual and physical world. And I've been. I went to the first ape fest in New York City. It was on Halloween. They rented, like, a sort of, like, ferry boat. And I remember I brought my wife because I was like, you know, I'm making this film. We're here on Halloween together. But, you know, like, whatever the compromise is, like, we're gonna go and do this thing and I'll film with my phone and whatever. And it was really taken with how quickly this sort of recognition and sort of mutual appreciation and respect happens in these groups that are sort of flying. These are, you know, sort of flags, these tribal, Internet, virtual flags on the Internet. But in a way, it doesn't make sense. But then in another, it totally does.
Speaker C: Because humans are tribal anyway, right? We'll find any reason to coalesce around a single theme and multiple themes, and we've always done it.
Speaker D: Absolutely. And I think that, like, within that, there's so many, there's a bunch of nuance, right? I mean, like, you have the effects of COVID which I think people are so hungry to connect with people outside of their immediate sphere. People have been locked in their home, their neighborhood, their immediate vicinity, their country. I think now you have this crossover that's really happening between these Internet communities that have been like, oh, I like this JPEg. Can we trade for this JPEg and whatever that are now also being able to enact themselves and manifest in the real. So it's supercharged in that way because everyone's like, oh, now we get to actually meet, and there's something so human in that, and it's magic.
Speaker C: I mean, I, you know, I've talked about this recently. I went to the ledger event in Paris, and it was just magical because there was people like fuckrender, OSF, there was musicians, fashion people, technologists, finance people, and it's like, oh, this is a moment in time. This is one degree of separation from everybody who matters.
Speaker D: It's a petri dish, right? And everyone's really bobbling around trying to figure out what is happening, how to make use of this extremely extraordinarily powerful thing, right? I mean, it manifested a conference in Paris that you're referring to just now, right? And that only exists because of this space, which is, like, literally constructing and I iterating its value over and over and over again, and then finding new avenues for it over and over and over again. And it's all happening at the speed.
Speaker C: Of light, so why make a film about it? And then once we get to that, how the hell do you tell all these disparate stories into a cohesive narrative? But first, what made you think, you know what, Dan? I'm going to make a film about this, considering it's digital and not even physical in many of its manifestations, although you're saying it's becoming more physical. Talk me through that whole process.
Speaker D: I mean, the short answer is, so.
Speaker C: What'S the film called so far? Just so people know, the film is.
Speaker D: Called I'm new here. And, you know, I guess the short answer to your question is, you know, I was spending so much time trying to answer these questions for myself as I was falling into this space, like, really with the sensation of, like, Charlie in the chocolate factory. You know what I mean, that on one hand, I was like, well, if I'm gonna spend a lot of time digging into this and resources, right? I mean, early on, I bought a crypto punk, and I made that commitment, and it is a commitment. And, you know, I figured that I should try and do what I'm decent at. And that's, like, tell the story of what is going on here, because everyone is sort of talking about how it's inevitable, but no one really knows what it is, especially from the outside. Right? I mean, I've been in so many pitch meetings with execs for this film that literally start the meeting like that. Hey, so we know that this is all on an unstoppable train, but we have no idea what this is. So it's always a pitch that's hard to start because it's like, well, how do you want to. How would you like to talk? Like, we can speak about bitcoin and what it does, or we can speak about the arc of the film or.
Speaker C: The emotional level of what this is all about, because it's actually an emotional thing.
Speaker D: I love that you say that. Yes, because there's reasons for these inventions. They don't just fall out of the sky. And bitcoin and blockchain is the work of decades. It's relatively new. Absolutely. But there is real thought and value put behind into how things have emerged. And I think that that's really important to track, especially knowing how fast things are speeding up right now. I'm very cognizant of the fact that I just don't. I don't want people to hop into crypto art without any opportunity to understand who the cypherpunks were or who the guys were who actually discovered how to build blockchain and create a trustless, decentralized system. And these guys, they did it at a friendlies in New Jersey, and no one knows who they are, and no one really knows their name. But Heber and Stornetta, they will win a Nobel prize in the next decade. Once this actually hits the mainstream and once actually people figure out, oh, this is what blockchain can do. Right? So, I mean, that's the work. I think, similar to all my films, I think there is a lot of demystifying to be done. There's a lot of misunderstanding as to what the intentions for a lot of this tech is all about. But then I think, at the end of it, what I'm most inspired by is how this has connected humans across borders, right? And, like, there is a permissionlessness there is a decentralized nature to all of this that is just like, it is so attractive and it is innovative, and it is worth pausing and reflecting on and appreciating in all of these different ways. And to me, more than any other group, I have bias in this. But artists are the people who sort of take these technology ideas and these seeds, and they transmute them into something tangible that speaks to what it is and what it's trying to do. And it's artists who will make all of this make sense with us.
Speaker E: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what. With each vendor, Ramp's software collects and verifies receipts instantly. To save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments, time consuming tasks, which means youll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If youre a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions youve ever made. Get dollar 250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy. Ramp.com easy ramp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank and celtic bank members have DIc terms and conditions apply.
Speaker C: Yeah. Art is always at the forefront of culture.
Speaker D: Exactly.
Speaker C: And then it gets copied and then it moves around and it becomes part of society. But art has always, always played that role.
Speaker D: Absolutely. I mean, the dollar bill has so much design behind it. Right. It's absolutely memetic, and we absolutely trust it, you know, and I think that when we start to break these things apart and, like, look at them in different ways, like, we can see how all of this really applies. The value of memes, of memetic economies.
Speaker C: Yeah, I was going to talk about that is talk to people a bit about memetics, memes, narrative arc, storytelling, because that's what's coming to life here. And 6529 talks about this a lot, but I think a lot of people don't understand it. They still, even my wife thinks I'm crazy in nfts. She's like, I get the crypto thing, but this NFT so stupid. And you try and explain.
Speaker D: Yeah, for sure. Yeah. There's so many different metaphors, all of which, from the inside, sound a bit cliche now, right? But I guess, like, the image of the Statue of Liberty, it means so much like, what price tag would the United States of America put on that statue? Is it even possible? Right? And the value of that meme has outperformed the entire. All of the value of the american economy, potentially, right? And I think that, like, there's something to consider in that and how great art constantly outperforms well performing currency. And we already sort of speak to ourselves in these tokenized ways. If you tell me that you own a Monet, I can probably assume a few things about you as a collector and also potentially as your resources, too, right? So I think that all these things are really converging when we talk about nfTs. But memes, I mean, there's so many people who do a really good job at this, including Richard Dawkins, right? But they're just like. They're very potent forms of expression, right. That you can almost quickly glance at them and connect with a meaning. A lot of them are fractured and mean lots of different things for lots of people. Like Pepe the frog, right? But the idea is that there are sort of all of these intangibles surrounding these memes, very often like Pepe the frog. You see Pepe, and you have all these different associations, but there's no real way to value them. And what NFTs are also playing with is the idea on creating a meme economy based on a meme. That's really where Pepe's specifically comes from.
Speaker C: But, you know, everything. Religion is a meme, right? I mean, most things.
Speaker D: Absolutely.
Speaker C: Human society is put together by these narratives that we construct to tell ourselves certain what we believe are truths. It's all me. It's all narrative. It's all narrative.
Speaker D: Absolutely. I mean, people would ride into battle with holding a cross, you know, and that sort of tells you everything. People also sport supreme t shirts, and I think that that's really what NFTs, NFTs specifically are really, like, leaning towards. I think crypto art is also really working to sort of differentiate itself from kind of like the digital collectible camp, and is expressing a whole bunch of other things, all of which have different sort of intents behind them, dependent on which artist or genre we're talking about. But, I mean, again, the idea of memes and them being tradable and actually ascribing value to them is pretty novel because we've had this language on the Internet for decades, since the existence of the Internet. But there's been no real way to sort of speculate on the value of the meaning behind a lot of these memes. Right?
Speaker C: And, you know, even. And people will think of this. Some people will be watching this thinking, well, there is no value, but what is the value of an advertising slogan? It's a meme. And they're all used to different memes. And the bored ape yacht club was a way of leveraging a giant media technology business called Yuga, which is now worth $4 billion and came out of nowhere.
Speaker D: Exactly.
Speaker C: You know, and that came from a meme, which is a bunch of bored apes.
Speaker D: Absolutely. Absolutely.
Speaker C: So you think, okay, well, I want to tell the story of all of these stories. So you throw yourself in like the brave director that you are, and you suddenly realize there's 50,000 fucking stories, and how the hell are you going to tell all the nuance of this space? What do you do? Because you've actually interviewed a ton of people. So talk us through that whole thing of how you're trying to construct a narrative from so many sub narratives.
Speaker D: Yeah, well, you know, I think that it's also. It's trying to embrace the space for what it is, right? And it is decentralized. And I think that, like, it's important that if you're going to try and wrangle, you know, your arms around telling some sort of story about it, that it's as wide and decentralized as possible, right? So I think on one hand, like, it's. It's been my responsibility to listen to as many people as possible and try and find as many different perspectives as possible to sort of, like, craft a spectrum of experiences within this space, right, that speak to it, because I think that also, for an audience who doesn't know this space, who isn't fluent in the crypto sphere, I think it's also important and significant to sort of provide as many different points of entry as possible so that you have people who are former VC's or traders understanding nfts for the first time, but then also artists who, on a very subjective, emotional level, are trying to express themselves in this very novel way and are able to do it because they're able to be anonymous or they're able to do it beyond the borders of where they live. And I think that combing through all these narratives and bringing them together and synthesizing them, it will speak to the whole in a way that no individual voice could. Right? So my work now is really about braiding a lot of these stories in a way that shows off pivotal moments from crypto art history, but then also gives the audience an understanding as to what this space is about in a way that also provides context. I think that was a lot of our work together on set, really establishing the crypto sphere and cryptocurrency as an alternative to a really fucked up system. Right. And I think when we can speak to each other on that level, it doesn't become this giant tech thing right away, but it becomes an option. And right now, I think that people are really, really looking for options on every level for sort of where to put their money, what to believe in, sort of what art to look at. And I think that this space provides so much of that for so many people, but what we need to demystify a lot of it and make it less scary.
Speaker C: Now, I know you're still editing and shooting, but give us a hint of some of the people that you film because you've done a lot. I mean, there's been stuff around the NFT space, but you've really, really gone and spoken to everybody.
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, there's a few people, I guess, that I have to announce closer to the film for sure, but somebody that I was very excited to film with recently was actually yugalabs. I was able to sit down with Gordon and Garga and go through the history of their time in the space, which, starting from before they became the bored ape guys, is actually quite illuminating because a lot of people enter this space, similar to myself, with a very natural curiosity for what it is, not necessarily all of these ulterior motives, you know, but then also, you know, I was able to actually film with. I mean, there's so many, like, pussy riot I filmed with, you know, a few months ago. And, like, it was an incredible moment because she was raising, it was about $6 million for Ukraine at that time, simultaneously celebrating her daughter's, like, 13th birthday. So to, I mean, see this artist activist juggle all of these responsibilities at the same time. I mean, she's an absolute force. And I think that, like, watching and looking at how she uses this new tech to really armor herself and combat all of the evil that she sees in the world, it's just absolutely inspiring. But then that's also met by, like, spending, like, I spent three days with beeple, like, three weeks ago. And, like, you know, that's like, it's so funky. Like, his world is. It's so beeple, right? Like, he's an adjective. And his focus is unreal. And, you know, I think that's something that is overlooked because we almost say it just, like, so easily. It's like, oh, yeah, he's making a piece of art every day, but it's like, oh, no, he's actually there, like, working every day and he's doing it every day. And, like, that consistency, that focus, it's just. It's something that, again, you don't catch wind of a lot of in 2023. So to spend time with artists who are really in the zone, in the flow that way, has just been incredible. Spending a week with Tyler Hobbs in his studio is another one. Like, he's a. He's a genius, you know, and sort of like, I mean, I'm not a coder, but watching how he interacts with code is, I imagine, similarly to how a poet might sort of edit and be writing a poem and to be able to sort of sit in rooms with the brilliant artists of what I believe will be now, but certainly the next few generations, it's been a priceless experience for me.
Speaker C: And have you addressed other aspects of NFTs or are you mainly focused on the art and community? Because there's a. Obviously music is going to come into the mix. It's just starting. It's still nascent. There's people like Rac has been pioneering that. There's a whole bunch of different uses.
Speaker D: Absolutely. I mean, rare Skrilla is somebody that I absolutely love. He dropped his album on Bitcoin, I think, 2018, and he has all these incredible songs about blockchain from. From years ago. Connie Digital is another artist that I'm working with who also has been minting on the blockchain for a few years, an incredible Og artist who actually, we've done a few collaborations with for the new year drop. But, you know, I'm also, you know, finding ways to use their music within the film itself. So, like, the film is actually really built of the art with the artists of the space.
Speaker C: It's like, I don't know if you've seen the new Bowie film yet, but it's just brilliantly done because it's nothing but a collage of stuff that's all happening. Yes. It turns into a cohesive narrative.
Speaker D: Absolutely. And I think that that is sort of along the lines of where this film is headed. Obviously, there is a spine, and it is my responsibility to help make this make sense to a certain extent. But there's a lot of poetry here and I think, like, you know, after doing 105 interviews with sort of different people in the space, different thinkers in the space. Like, there's. There's some really interesting ways to bring voices together in ways that we wouldn't expect.
Speaker C: There's a couple of other interesting films coming together as well. One is obviously Ben Mezrich.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: You know, I think I introduced you to Ben, didn't I?
Speaker D: Yes, you did. You did. And his project is fun.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's super interesting. Although he seems to have just paused it to write the Elon Musk book, because he can knock out a book and win a, you know, win a few Academy Awards and get a Netflix deal signed in, like, ten minutes.
Speaker D: Kudos. Kudos. I, like, sit in my stew and I'm like. I'm, like, working and working, and he's incredible.
Speaker C: The other one I got involved with, which is premiering at south by Southwest, is by a filmmaker called Ondy Timmela, who was just up for a. I know Andy well. Yeah, so Andy's made a film. It's not really about nfTs, but it's kind of the prequel, some of the stuff that you and I talked about. It's like, why are we here this moment in time? So she's got something big coming out. So I think there's this group of narratives that are all going to come together at the same time, which is going to be really interesting because I think people will see all the different sides of this from the different parts of this community and make sense of it, for sure.
Speaker D: I mean, I think it's vital that there's, like, multiple films made about this space. Right. That is sort of, again, to the decentralized nature of it all. Like, I hope that I'm not the only person working towards this goal of making media that people can share and be like, hey, if you still don't get it, check out this film. Or check out the scene from this film. That might make help. That might help you understand, right. The more that we have at our disposal, the better. And right now, there's not much. So I'm very excited for this moment.
Speaker C: Yeah, I just love the fact that all of these are coming together roughly at the same time. When do you think your film is going to be finished?
Speaker D: My film should be finished by the end of this year. So the end of 2023 is our end date, mostly for VFX and animation. We're doing all these incredible metaversal builds that really show off the artist's work built into a space that really represents them. So a great example is snow fro is really sitting in this structure that is basically built from squiggles. So it's just a very native way of experiencing these artists in a space that really shows off what they do best, and that takes some time.
Speaker C: So you also throw yourself in, into the different way of raising money for the film as well. A, it's mainly come from the community, but more than that, you then have a whole NFT project as well. Talk me through that whole thing.
Speaker D: Yeah, for sure. You know, again, I independently raise money. I independently find financing for my films. I think it's important for a lot of filmmakers to sort of ask themselves that question of, like, where money is coming from and then who controls what they can do. Right. And that's something that this space has provided an abundance of, which is like, that freedom to sort of build a community that will support work in this way. So we've sort of taken that and run with it. And we've released a collection of 10,000 pixelated avatars called Newbies, and they're all algorithmically generated based off of the iconic traits of our cast. So, basically, when you mint a newbie, you might get a rabble pal, actually, with a Tyler Hobbs body and claire silver hair and, like, you know, coldy 3d glasses. And it's a really holistic way of just, like, showing off, you know, the best of the space and who's in it. But then on top of it, you know, 15% of the revenue in perpetuity goes towards all of the artists featured in the drop. So that's something that I've never really been able to do in nonfiction is sort of like find a way of sort of supporting and recognizing the time that people have lent to me and to my crew in giving their story and their expertise to us in this film. So forever, as long as the new here NFT project continues, which we've slated quite a few years for collaborations coming up, artists will continue to earn and be part of that waterfall, which is pretty cool.
Speaker C: What is the idea behind the NFT community itself? I mean, you don't know where it's going to go because that's the fun of this whole thing. But what is the genesis idea? What's in your head thinking, okay, I'm going to do this. And this is kind of what I think it should be, or might be.
Speaker D: To be honest, holding a newbie, holding one of these new here tokens. I think it's the most straightforward way of building a thoughtfully curated crypto art collection over the next few years. You know, there's a lot of like, physical events that actually, we're preparing for. One of our producers actually just got nominated for two Academy Awards, for two documentaries that he produced last year. It's insane. So, you know, we will be doing like a live watching party for that, both in the meat space and in the metaverse for all the token holders. But at the same time, like, we have a slate of collaborations coming up with artists all over the spectrum, where by virtue of holding one of these new here tokens, you'll be able to collect for free. And that's something that's been really exciting to offer, because we do want to encourage people who aren't familiar with the space, who don't know how to collect or what they're collecting yet, to be able to buy something and hold it. And then it opens them up to all of these other drops. And again, we've done some with, we've released this like, really cool 3d jacket with Calvin justice, who's like an Olympic swimmer turned digital artist. Connie Digital, the OG crypto musician. We did a cool collaboration with him. Yeah, I mean, I can actually, I can announce the next one coming out with you if you're interested.
Speaker C: Yeah, let's do it.
Speaker D: So in the next few weeks, anybody who holds a new here token will actually be able to collect an addition work from this artist that I really love. He goes by c three and he's this artist based in Iran, and he's an anti authoritarian artist doing incredible work, both digitally and on the streets. And it's incredible, very graphic work. And he's teamed up with us to offer an addition, basically, to everybody who holds a token. So in the next few weeks, we will be sort of announcing when the snapshot is going to be taken for all of the token holders. That way we'll be able to see all of the wallets holding one of these tokens and they'll be able to go and claim one of these works. So that's really exciting. But then we have basically every six weeks or so, there will be a new collaboration announced, so that train doesn't stop either. It's wild to be doing this in parallel to making a film, but we live in the crypto sphere, so what are we going to do?
Speaker A: Youre a podcast listener, and this is a podcast ad. Reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Lips and ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements, or run a reproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows to reach your target audience with lips and ads, go to lipsandadds.com now. Thats libsy nadds.com.
Speaker C: How the hell do you leave this sphere now? Right? You made films before and specific things, but this is kind of gonzo filmmaking because you are now living it, and you're not gonna leave it.
Speaker D: No, I mean, there is no leaving it. I mean, like, there is no leaving it. I'm here for good.
Speaker C: It's gonzo filmmaking. You are the story.
Speaker D: Absolutely. I mean, I'm also the guy who, you know, at the end of the day, I'm concerned with, you know, the people that I was working with in Puerto Rico on my first film, the people that I was working with on my second film, who aren't the first people hip to all of this information and this new technology. It's my prerogative that they understand why it's important that they have a wallet. And I think that that's really, for me, why this work is important, because we're going to get to a point where people who are very literate on the Internet and digitally and crypto literate are going to move so far ahead of people who were so scared to set up a wallet and sort of try and start to figure it out for themselves and try and take some of that authority back. That's really what I want to offer, something that we can share that sort of, at the end of it, when that wraps up, people are like, okay, cool. I'm interested in Claire Silver. I'm interested in Beeple. I'm interested in whoever it is, Raoul, pal, you know, because that's really what I think we need right now, is just something that's offering this new opportunity in a way that isn't so scary.
Speaker C: That's what I've tried to do with this. Raoul's adventures in crypto series of interviews. It's just me going down the rabbit hole, speaking to people like you or, you know, people like 6529 or people like Novogratz, just piecing together all of these stories and all of the things that are happening for myself and just taking people along for the journey, because I know it's important.
Speaker D: It's invaluable, you know, because, like, we just don't have that library for ourselves yet.
Speaker C: And particularly when the establishment is so anti it. Yes. And yet you're seeing it on the ground and in such strength. But everyone else is going, la, la, la, I can't hear you. You kind of have to tell it.
Speaker D: I mean, I'm working with artists in places that, like, they need VPN's to access the Internet, but they're using VPN's to sell their art on blockchain, and they're making a living doing it. Like, I know an artist. She's very interested in building a metaverse school for women who aren't able to access education because of where they're geo locked. Right? And all of these things, they're very real. They're not just ideas. And I'm excited to show that off because we don't see enough of that in the media.
Speaker C: No. And I think people are missing, and I think 6529 nails this. We're still on that journey into living almost entirely digital lives, or huge proportion of it. Now, we do already, like, you know, I'm on a Zoom call with you right now and all of this stuff, but it's going to get more immersive and more three d and more real. And you can go to school in the metaverse and you can do all sorts of stuff, and you'll have AI will be part of your helper, but you need to have both identity and assets that are verifiable in that world. And that's what nfts are. Just because it started with art, it's not just about art. That's just one of the stories being told about how you create persistent value in a digital world, because everything else in a digital world goes to zero in value because you can make endless amounts of it.
Speaker D: Exactly right. Exactly right. If we think of the amount of people who are unbanked and undocumented, then that's also something very real that this technology can potentially offer. I will couple that, though, with like, it's going to be artists and creatives, I truly believe, who are going to get us there. It is like it is the pussy riots. It is the c three s who are literally doing that on the ground right now, building their networks on a very individual peer to peer basis, explaining how they can use this tech to empower themselves and sort of work to get out of situations that they find themselves in, that they've had otherwise no control overdem.
Speaker C: And also the other big component part is not only that, but also just the ordinary middlemen in the middle of all of this, the Googles and the Facebooks and everybody who blocks the artist ability or anybody's ability to distribute their own services, art, anything, and saying, well, you have to come through us first and pay a tax. Yes, okay, I get it. It's a digital world. You have a tax, but maybe the tax is egregious, and maybe there's ways that people need to be able can get around it.
Speaker D: I'm very excited for us to look back and see how archaic those mindsets seem in the future. And I think that, again, these new alternatives are being built in real time in the crypto sphere.
Speaker C: What are you most excited about in this whole journey? You've seen a lot, right? You've super privileged positioned to have seen and spoken to pretty much everybody dreading this question, but there must be something that you've just done. You know, I do it occasionally in a video, just like, oh my God, I just didn't think this was happening. And this is incredible. Not just a great artist, you know. Yeah, there's great artists all the time, but I mean, this whole thing is mind blowing. Generally, I got mind blown when I spoke to Ben Mezrich about how he was going to think about disrupting the whole book industry and the film industry, and you don't need the middlemen and how the distribution works and all of this sort of stuff. And you're working on that. What is the big one for you? You've gone the one you tell your friends over a glass of wine.
Speaker D: It's really. I guess it's pretty emotional in that. Like, again, I was recently filming with an artist who has left the space, who has sort of absolutely denied the speculative nature of NFTs and this whole market and whatever, and was there very early on and for a lot of reasons has become very disconnected from it. Somebody who we could have learned so much from, but because they left, we haven't really been able to. And I was very tenacious. Finally, after a year and a half, he gave me a few days last week and it was awesome. Brilliant, brilliant person, all of that. But at the end of us filming together, I was able to show him an edit of basically his story, of like the story of his works and sort of people talking about what he did and his contributions to the space. And it's something atypical that I did. I would have never really done this because it could have totally backfired and be like, okay, I'm totally out of this. This is a disaster. But he watched it and the result was, it was really beautiful. He was able to connect with, he felt validated, which is basically what he expressed and sort of responded in this way that was like, I think that I might be ready to be more in dialogue with what's going on here. And it's something that my entire team and all of us and him and his availability really made happen, taking credit for this. But it's something that, like, on a whole scale, I'm really excited for, because artists are just, like, they work so hard, and they're so unaware of how valued they are and how appreciated they are on a human level. Right. And how many people think about them. And I'm really excited to really, like, put this network on display visually so that people can really see, you know, what people mean to each other. A few years ago, we lost somebody a lot of money. He was sort of, like, one of the early masters of the space, this brilliant french satirist artist. And, yeah, we lost him to cancer. I guess it's about a year and a half ago now, and it's been an incredible privilege to travel all over the world and be in these studios with artists who live in all of these locations and then find that there's, like, you know, about two dozen people who bring up a lot of money and their relationship with a lot of money and what he meant to them and, like, you know, the things that, like, they learned from him and all of this. And then always I would ask after they would tell me about him, I'm like, okay, did you meet him, like, face to face in the flesh? And I think out of, like, again, 24 people, probably two, had met him, you know, face to face. But, like, the emotions of that would sort of, that would come up in people talking about their relationship with this man and this artist. It's just, it's undeniable, the value of what's being created here, because it's just so absolutely human. So it can be digital, it can be virtual, it can be all of these things, but that also doesn't deny its absolute humanness. So that's the thing that I'm most excited for, really, like, artists to be able to watch this thing and be like, whoa, this is why he asked me this question. I'm connect. Okay, cool. That makes sense like that. But also that people value me, and people see my contribution and what I was hustling for most of the time alone at my computer, in my studio.
Speaker C: And how it fits into a larger narrative. And you're part of a big movement is special.
Speaker D: Absolutely. And it's so hard to perceive when you're in it, when you're in the trenches.
Speaker C: So how do people find more about this? How do they get involved with what you're up to? Because it's, you know, in itself is becoming a bit of a movement, and I think people need to get involved and see what's going on?
Speaker D: Yeah, for sure. New here. XyZ has, like, all of the information about the film about how to mint a newbie. There's also links to the secondary market on OpenSea if you're sort of interested in picking one up that you already know what it looks like. But yeah, the mint is ongoing. We have a live discord, too, that has links at Nuhear XYZ. Our Twitter account is also very active. I have an entire team of people who's really around on standby to be welcoming people not only into our community, but also into the larger ecosystem of the crypto sphere. So it's like, apart from how you meant a newbie, if you have a question about how to set up a cold wallet, our discord is really a safe place to come in and ask those questions. So definitely go there.
Speaker C: And how do you get these newbies? It's a final question. How do you get these newbies into newbies hands and not just a bunch of people like me and you who are already deep down this rabbit hole?
Speaker D: That's a great question. Again, we are sort of ramping up these meetups over the course of the next year, but we are also reserving 3000 newbies for around the time of the film premiere. So that people who are actually at the theater and I think together as a community, we're really going to decide how best to distribute these newbies. But I do think there's going to be some really interesting, novel, exciting ways for people to come to the theater, a theater, you know, and be able to actually join the community in that way. So again, I mean, we have a calendar of collaborations, both with artists in the space, artists coming into the space, and artists slightly outside the space for the next year and a half, at least. So that network effect will keep growing, I imagine.
Speaker C: Also, I can't help but think that by the time this comes out at cinemas, you'll be able to use ardental on your phone.
Speaker D: Absolutely.
Speaker C: So, you know, there'll be a nice QR code, click on it, and then you can actually see the piece of art and you can have it next to you and you can look at this and you can look at that.
Speaker D: I mean, that's not far away. Well, I don't want to divulge too much, but the film is going to be full of Easter eggs and I mean, like, QR codes, all of that tech is definitely something that I'm going to be using to sort of break the film in unexpected ways. You know, you'll be able to watch this as a viewer passively on your couch. Absolutely. But, like, there will also be very cool ways of interacting with the mediaev as you're watching it and then entering these other spaces.
Speaker C: How are you gonna get this distributed? Have you figured that one out yet?
Speaker D: I'm gonna let them come to us again. I mean, our cast is incredible. It's kind of. It's like the ocean's eleven of the space. Right. Which is a crass comparison, but I think people understand what I mean. And, you know, I mean, I've distributed my past films to a lot of people. My first film was globally available on Netflix for a few years back when they were buying licenses, which they still often do at certain points throughout the process. We're in conversation with a lot of people, but I think that my team is also very crypto native. So we want to make sure that the footage and the ownership of the footage is protected, because beyond the film itself, we're looking to find ways that people can also access these interviews sort of in a longer form, so that the experience of the film isn't just limited to the film itself, but is also accessible in a metaversal library, perhaps. And all of those considerations really affect at what stage you're able to sort of give ownership to other parties. But, you know, again, like, we'll see sort of what happens at the Academy Awards, too, because people are really sort of circling this project in really fun ways. But we have a lot of work to do to make it great. And that's what I would rather be focusing on and building up this community in a very native way before sort of turning to somebody on the outside, looking in and saying, yeah, cool, come join us in this way that you also own.
Speaker C: It's super exciting, Daniel. You know, you're doing something amazing. Cannot wait to see it. I just think it's going to be something special, and it's going to take a snapshot of everything that's happened until now and this moment in time, because it's special and it'll all change in the future. But you'll have captured it.
Speaker D: Absolutely. And, you know, for you, too, like, I'm so grateful for your time, you know, and showing up to our studio in outside Miami and, like, you know, really, I mean, giving me. Giving me a solid amount of time for me to sit down and figure this out with you. It's not something that many people would do, but really allowing me the space to figure out this macro way into this world, I think, is going to make everything that we're doing accessible to a lot of people. I'm very grateful to you for that as well.
Speaker C: Hopefully I've helped a little bit and tell that story because it's a big and difficult story to tell, and it's an important one.
Speaker D: You have. You have.
Speaker C: All right, my friend, best of luck with everything and get your head down. Editing.
Speaker D: Thank you, sir. I'm about to head into it now. Headed to my cave.
Speaker C: Take care. My key takeaway from speaking with Dan is that there are so many nuances to what this is all about, what this movement is, and it is a movement, and Dan is really deep down the artist portion of it, but also down the community portion. And these two nexuses have kind of never been together. There's no community of Damien Hirst supporters. Well, there is now because of what he's done. Damien Hirst has done with NFTs and created a community and a discord where he speaks to people, but it's also how he's bringing filmmaking into this and how he's creating community around that, much like Ben Mesrich has, and it follows on from that kind of thing. So it's just really learning in an eye opening way and how important this is because he's an observationalist at core and he's observing something special. And we're all part of this. And as I mentioned in the interview, this is what rails adventures in crypto is all about. It's all being part of something, learning together, and we're all new here.
