Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling wherever you sell. With Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your dollar one per month trial period@shopify.com. tech all lowercase. That's Shopify.com tech.
Speaker B: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall. To get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance, visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year, join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. And now to today's episode of Ralph Real Vision.
Speaker C: There we are. Hello, everybody. This is my dear buddy. I'm a big fan of raw paw for the longest time. Thank you so much for making the time to do this. We haven't done this since 2021, can you believe?
Speaker D: I know. And then people on Twitter said, you guys haven't got together for ages. I'm like, well, let's sort it out. So here we are.
Speaker C: Really appreciate your time. We're going to go through literally everything. I think I call this decoding the everything code with you, because, you know, I've been a big fan of the work you've been doing for a long time. By the way, everybody, real vision links and everything else you need to follow, et cetera, or down below, a wealth of information. And you guys have come an awful long way. In fact, isn't it fair to say you have reinvented real vision over the last year during the bear?
Speaker D: Yeah. And then what's about to come is even bigger as we're building out an entire platform that launches to members in August. There's AI, from AI to guide you through content, to help you with stuff, to our own large language model, to charting tools, analytics, portfolio tool. I mean, it's all coming, so it's a huge change.
Speaker C: And you're looking at one of your real Vision pro members here for a long time, too.
Speaker D: By the way, a lot of goodies in real vision pro, trust me.
Speaker C: Yeah, and things have changed an awful lot since we last spoke. In fact, things have changed an awful lot since November. So before we jump into crypto, bitcoin, alts, disruptive stocks, macro bed, blackrock, long journey, you know, all the other good stuff. Since November 2022, AI has literally changed everything. And you and I both live through the.com bust, wherever the Internet was supposed to be, the promise to change the world. But how do you view AI? Because AI not only has it hit us over the back of the head like a brick, but it's also real out of the gate. It's not. The Internet's going to change everything over the next five years. It's from day one, it is a radical change. How do you view AI, and how is that impacting your world and your investments?
Speaker D: So I think AI, these large language models, and where we are today, is one of the largest, if not the largest, technological breakthroughs of mankind after the splitting of the atom. It's of that order of magnitude. And why I say that without hubris is all technology up until today, or up until, let's say, November 2022. I mean, it's not the exact date, but let's assume that was all about augmenting humans physically. You know, robots, the agricultural revolution, the industrial revolution, it's all of that getting more productivity out of humans in a physical sense.
Speaker C: Yep.
Speaker D: This took the one thing that humans had that was scarce, which was intelligence, and has made it abundant, in fact, infinite. So you've scaled knowledge and intelligence infinitely. We don't even know what that means. It's so profound.
Speaker C: Exactly.
Speaker D: It's a complete and utter change in how humans act. And people are going to be watching this going, oh, God, these guys are talking crack. You know, it's just, you know, you know, it's only a chat. GPT model. It's like, look at the speed of stuff, like mid journey that does the photographic side of stuff. It was literally six months ago where it could barely make a human shape after a prompt. Now it's got photo realistic images. From a word prompt, we will have photo. Well, we'll have video realistic word to video prompts. It'll be six months time, and the speed of which these models are learning is gigantic. So I think it changes everything in everything that we work, everything how we operate. At first it becomes a tool, then it becomes something much bigger. But right now, we're in that tool phase where you can't ignore it, so you might as well start using it, and you'll figure out faster ways of doing things and better ways of doing things.
Speaker C: We're going to jump straight into the nitty gritty. One of the things that I've been very concerned about, obviously, a big part of my life is trading, and we've seen advance of different technology come through the trading investment world for a long time. Bots algos etcetera. But now I have this terrible, scary fear that within, say, the next three years on the inside, maybe five years on the outside, the AI will completely transform how excess returns are made in the stock market, especially for traders, et cetera, you still might be able to get in on certain stocks early, disruption early, and beat the machines. But when it comes to trading per se, do you see that the whole excess return world being wiped and now is the opportunity, it's our last window to kind of make it over the next three years? Or am I just a little bit doomsday ish?
Speaker D: I don't know. All I know is as high frequency trading and model based, quant based trading got introduced into markets, it became less easy for people, and so they, but what they tended to use was hypothesis hyper short term time frequencies. So these kind of day trader models, that really doesn't work versus the machines as well, we might delude ourselves to think that it does. I think still the longer term time horizon, the stuff that you and I often focus on as well, that I think we have an advantage because the future becomes much more probabilistic and less certain. But the problem is the rise of these models means they can think into the future, too. I mean, if it can beat every single person in the game of go, why can't it be better at predicting future outcomes from markets and then adjusting in real time as they get new information? What does that mean for the rest of us? How do we invest? Or does just trend following work, but then maybe that gets arbitrage? I don't know. I don't know.
Speaker C: So you don't.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker C: It's not keeping you awake at night, which is good.
Speaker D: No, it's not, because like you, I think we've got a gigantic opportunity in front of us from an investment perspective. And I think the answer is not to fuck it up.
Speaker C: You give me a little bit of hope, which is great. Okay. So the other thing that is a huge concern, especially so I always try and, you know, think ahead next 510 years and plan long term and anticipate what could go wrong, et cetera. A lot of people, including myself, and I've been concerned about this for a long time, believe AI could destroy 50% of jobs and also impact the spending power of the workforce. You know, you hear stories of, you know, average coders becoming top coders. You've got here are the stories of, say, developers that typically it would take three of them to do a job. Now, one can do it because copywriters so many industries are being absolutely disrupted all across the board. There is no safe haven, whether you are a lawyer or a medical physician or whatever else. How do you believe this could impact the world, impact people spending power, retirement plans the next decade? And how should people prepare?
Speaker D: So the answer to a lot of this is we don't know. We can't know. Yes, it will replace a lot of jobs, but can we find other jobs? Is there a chance that humanity reorganizes itself in different ways? We've seen the rise of web three. Could community based opportunities be something that the robots don't do as well? The answer is, I don't know. It's going to change, probably productivity. Don't forget most of the western world has this big baby boom bulge that are all in their seventies and eighties now, and they'll eventually, sadly, die out, die off. And we're going to be left with that. Economic growth slows down because of this aging population, and productivity has been declining because an 80 year old is less productive than a 20 year old. So AI has a chance to change the balance and keep GDP higher as we start to see population declines in most countries. So I think it helps us increase productivity, which increases economic growth and offsets the aging population. So I think it's a net good thing. All of this exponential age technology is a net good thing for humanity, but it's going to create a ginormous reorganization. I mean, like you and I remember when they closed the car plants in England and the steel mills in Sheffield and the coal mines, all of that stuff. And a long part of our upbringing was those people still out of a job, that frictional unemployment that just never changed. But eventually people reorganize into different opportunities. So I think we will find different opportunities. What does AI offer us as an opportunity that we didn't have before? Again, we don't really know. We don't really even know the power of this thing. So I do think it's at first very disruptive for jobs, but I think the backside of this is, and I'm talking now, five, six years hence, we start to see growth finally changing the trajectory of growth, which helps us pay off our debts and the things that we actually need for society to move on. Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker A: You're a podcast listener and this is a podcast ad. Reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from lips and ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a reproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows to reach your target audience with lips and ads, go to lipsonads.com now. That's Libsyn ads.com dot.
Speaker C: In fact, you opened up a little second double click into question in your response to that, and that was the change in demographics, etcetera. If you take place like the United States, some place in England, a lot of, say, real estate and assets and wealth are held by those people that are looking to downsize or, you know, other things, heaven forbid, that's going to result in a glut of certain type of assets being handed down or being made available for sale. Have you thought about that? Because it's happening all over the world at the same time, kind of the boomer generation you hit on and how, how can that affect. So I do have this theory that, you know, imagine you are, say, 28 years of age and you inherit a million dollars from parents or grandpa or whatever. You're not going to buy gold, you're not going to buy stocks. You're probably going to just backpack around the world and, you know, couchsurf. So what are you going to buy? I think you probably have an idea, but that's going to cause about a huge amount of disruption. And that dovetails nicely into what Blackrock maybe is trying to do now as well. So how do you see all that playing out?
Speaker D: Yeah, so I've thought about this for a long time, and I did my retirement crisis video about this, and it's worried about what happens to those assets versus what young people buy. It kind of changed over the pandemic because young people left the cities and moved to these kind of suburban or rural places where the property on offer was cheaper. And that's a lot of that was the baby boomer properties. So I think that's interesting dynamic that I didn't really expect to happen, and I don't think it's going to reverse massively yet. So I think there's a chance. But the probability of house prices going up in real terms, adjusted for the debasement, is something we'll talk about in a bit, is pretty low in nominal terms. It'll look like it keeps going up because the Fed printing new currency.
Speaker C: This.
Speaker D: Equity portfolio is the other side of that equation. They own all the equities they've got to sell that. We've seen that transition in Europe and we had an equity market that went nowhere for years. Now, again, adjusted for debasement, the Fed printing or the global central bank printing, the S and P has gone nowhere since 2008. Correct. Which actually looks just like the european stock market. So there's a lot of dynamics at play. It's a bit more complicated. But do you, as a 28 year old, get richer in real terms by owning these assets? That is, can you buy more consumption later? And the answer is probably no. So you are going to have to face with the ugly truth is, I need to find assets that grow, not just optically, like the venezuelan stock market goes up a lot, but because the currency goes down a lot. So how do you make that wealth grow? So your future self thanks you for the decisions you've made, and I can only come down to two asset classes to create those kind of returns, because these things outperform the debasement because they're driven by adoption of technologies. So that's what I call the exponential age, which is the technology interplay between everything from AI, robotics, ev, whether you want to put in other forms of new energy sources, genetic sciences, incidents of things, space. I mean, there's a lot of things all happening at the same time, which is why we're all kind of spinning to catch up. And the other side is crypto, which is actually part of the exponential age as well, which is a new financial system and an Internet system of value for the digital world. Those things have big adoption trends. We saw that AI was the fastest adoption of any technology, even more so than crypto. Crypto was the fastest adoption of any technology beforehand. AI dwarfed it in speed. I mean, it got to a hundred million users in five weeks. So those are the opportunities. And it's not like saying, well, you can own Nvidia forever. It'll be a changing rotation of themes within the overall broader theme. But if somebody's 28 years old now and they've got their million bucks, it depends what they want to do with their life. They can either spend it on experiences which are massively valuable, as you say, go backpacking around the world, do whatever you want, or you need to stick it in some asset that actually grows. Because if not, you're going to make no net progress.
Speaker C: Exactly. I always tell people, imagine you're treading water so your returns on the S and P 500 will help you stay afloat. That's about it. But if you want to get ahead, you need to be making more than 14% per year. And that's kind of from the safe Edena mouse global fiat debasement numbers. Half life of money is 10.4 years, whichever way you cut it. That's just the math behind it. So I'm glad you picked up on that. I love the way that you divide empty money supply growth. You know, your indices divided by that, that's your denominator.
Speaker D: Really interesting, because when you do it once I just started developing this framework for myself. I divided the S and P 500 since 2008, when money printing came, and it's barely risen real estate negative. But we can use leverage in real estate. So maybe it's not quite correct, but still, it's not been great gold negative. And then you look at crypto has obviously been ridiculous, and the Nasdaq has done very well, and it's just a really interesting framework to use.
Speaker C: Yeah. And speaking of crypto, it's time to switch gears to the elephant in the room. So we had our number one detractor flipped into the number one cheerleader. His name is Larry Fink, and it's quite stunning what he said on Fox News yesterday. He said, I think worst defective bitcoin can represent an alternative, an international asset akin to digital gold or digitized gold or whatever the word he used. That was very profound coming from the money man, biggest money man on earth, you know, with, what, 10 trillion Aum under Blackrock, etcetera. And he talked about the use of bitcoin, kind of like from a transaction layer perspective. He spoke about working closely with the SEC. Obviously, he has the SEC in his back pocket, I believe. I think many people do as well. And he was very humble. He said, I was initially very skeptical, but that has all changed now. This is a democratizing force. I was like, who is this guy? So did you pick up on any of that? Did that blow you away yesterday?
Speaker D: Yeah, but I do remember back in 2021, he was on CNBC, and he started talking about when they put some stuff on bitcoin onto the Blackrock website, and they had a record number of hits on the website. He's like, I paid attention that people want this as a product, and it was just him talking about it that got it. I think he's been across the line for a while, and I think they've been waiting for both the right regulatory environment and the right time in the market. Bitcoin is up, what, 100% from the low? It's starting to feel like people are starting to understand that we're likely in a bull market again. Therefore, they've rolled it out. From my conversations with most of these institutions is they've all been working on it. They all know it's coming, but it's waiting for the SEC to say what they can do. And I think the trade off here is Gensler's like, I need a political break here because he's getting destroyed by stopping all innovation in the United States and stopping opportunity to investors, which I think is disgraceful. So I think he's thought, well, ive said bitcoin is okay, so why not just get that across the line? So then, look, everybody lined up to do this, which is fine for all of us, because it will just bring fresh capital into the digital economy, and that will get disseminated across the digital economy into different places, and that will invigorate the cycle. But, yeah, most of these people, even Jamie Dimon, they've got a huge group of people working on blockchain technologies, JP Morgan, Goldman Sachs do, Apollo do. I mean, they've all got it. So they're just waiting. Just waiting and waiting.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's funny. Us is the land of the free. You can walk into a supermarket and buy an automatic weapon, but you know how touch crypto, it's kind of. It just doesn't, it doesn't. It doesn't sound politically correct as a winning strategy, especially for the upcoming elections. If you are not associated with, you know, innovation and growth, your writing risk, take it off. Correct.
Speaker D: Yeah. And how can the US justify this when you have Vegas? Yeah, you know, anybody can go and do anything there. You can put your entire paycheck in at whatever age, at 18 or 21, whatever you're allowed, do whatever the hell you want. But, oh, my God, should you decide you want to invest in a technology that might be disruptive. No, no, you can't do that. And the reason being is it's all about gatekeepers. It's the gatekeepers between you and I and the opportunity. They don't want you to get directly to the opportunity. And crypto is about democratizing that opportunity. They want their share. And here's Larry getting his share of the same pie. Right? None of us need to go to Larry Fink to get our bitcoin. You know, we just bar an exchange and stick it in your ledger device. But he's going to get everybody else to come through his vehicle.
Speaker C: Well, that was the profound word or term, a democratizing force. You know, he's very tight with the us government and everything else, and to be inserting that, he doesn't say words without thinking about them for, like, months ahead of time. So I thought that was very profound. You did?
Speaker D: Because I think he's also pita picking up on a political or societal message. He's seeing what's going on. He can see that Blackrock is out of touch with the ordinary person. Blackrock's 10 trillion is that baby boomer wealth we've talked about. And really, they need to change to attract the younger investors. I mean, that's a truism. I know that these asset managers have a big problem is how the hell do we attract these people? You're going to have to give them products that they want, not products that you want to sell them.
Speaker C: Yeah, there's another interesting dimension, too, and I'm trying to mesh all of these different points together and bounce them off you and see what you think. First of all, I called the late October, early November the most hated rally because a lot of people weren't on the train. And still there's a lot of people not on the train. And I loved your term. You talked about monkeys throwing poop at each other, and it's. It's so correct. It's unbelievable, because you have now newcomers coming into crypto that are buying it for the first time. You've got the incumbents stayed off the train and they are wishing things to go down. You got this weird bifurcation, and then you have the timing of Blackrock coming in. Now I do you think all of this, like, especially the timing of the big money, the institution money coming in, that I've been stacking hard since the beginning of the year. They know the halving is less than 300 days away. They know what that means when the supply is cut in half and the demand remains the same, price goes up. Do you think the timing of Blackrock and the institutions is random or actually planned? And they have a roadmap to having their spot ETF and other on ramps for their institutional clients before the actual having.
Speaker D: My guess is there's some people who work in those institutions who know about the crypto cycle and might say, hey, listen, if we're going to get a product out, get it ahead of all the big demand, let's get it through the SEC, because the halving comes in 2024. And as you know, I think the halving is coincidental also with the global government debt cycles, which is like a three and a half year, four year cycle, which came after every single central bank on earth reset interest rates in 2008 to zero. So everybody kind of issued three to five year debt. They have to roll it. And that's what keeps driving the balance sheet. That happens to be exactly the same time the bitcoin came out. So they're all on the same merry cycle together. So, yes, I'm sure that they're aware of when you want to get product ready for market, because it's a lot of products. I even started an asset management firm, which is a crypto fund of funds. But by the time we got our shit together, we launch it at the peak of the market. So you have to go through the downside and then back up through the other side. So, yeah, anybody who launches stuff now, it's perfect timing. Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners, and then we'll be right back.
Speaker E: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what. With each vendor, Ramp's software collects and verifies receipts instantly. To save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments, time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line. The first. If you're a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get $250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy. Ramp.com easy.
Speaker D: Currents issued by Sutton bank.
Speaker C: And celtic bank members have DIc terms and conditions apply. And it's also a tiny asset, like, I calculated way back in last year, that just $50 billion deployed into bitcoin would exhaust the entire supply that's available on exchanges. And you know those hard handed people, the diamond hands, whatever, that aren't letting it go till it hits a certain threshold. So how do you think, Blackrock, etcetera, doing the calculus of how scarce this thing is and how little there is of it? And they've got so much money at their fingertips, like half of 1% of an allocation. If they go to one of their big, big whatever, they're 10,000 sales guys and say, hey, we suggest a half percent allocation to bitcoin. That's it. Within six months, it's gone. How are they thinking about that?
Speaker D: Well, liquidity over time grows because the number of active users and the number of applications. So I don't think of it as a fixed state thing. You know, you're a Tesla guy. The liquidity in Tesla seven years ago is not the same as liquidity today. You can probably swing around a billion dollars in Tesla now. A billion dollars back then was a big deal, so I think we need to be wary of that. But for the rest of us, there's not much supply around and a big whales come in, which is it's not blackrock themselves. They're not really buying stuff. Yes, they have to have a float, but what they're doing is enabling access to all of these Raas, asset managers, pension funds, and that little door is going to create big waves for us when that whale comes jumping into the sea. So it's great and it will create huge problems. I'm actually even more concerned by ETH because of ETH burning. It's been deflationary as a network for quite a while now, and that's not much of a bull market. What the hell happens if we have a full bull market and we're still moving people to become stakers? So if like 30% of the network staked and we start going to one of these crazy bull markets, there's just.
Speaker C: No ETH around because we're switching gears to ETH. That's a crazy eth conundrum, because the more it gets adopted, each time somebody floats a meme coin, it spikes usage, it spikes gas fleas, and it spikes burning. It's like it's a perfect storm. But it just also illustrates how it's just not ready for primetime yet. It's not ready for global adoption. You just can't scale for that. And I think Vitalik was very, I kind of like that guy because he's very honest and open, and he's not afraid of sharing his dirty laundry in public and saying, we got issues if we don't solve these three things. I can't remember what they were a few weeks ago. We have a serious problem. And I think the way he's also reached out to people like Anatoly and everything else, I think it's been really stand up of him. But, yeah, the whole e thing is special.
Speaker D: He's just a good thought leader. He's balanced. And, you know, don't forget, Eth has now got layer twos, and that alleviates a lot of the issue, etcetera. And he's been driving that forwards. But yes, how he dealt with Anatoly was, I thought, really good all the way through. He's like, these guys are good guys. We want to encourage them. We're all in this together, which is just nice.
Speaker C: Well, before we flip over to also, I just want to wrap up the conversation because the number one question on people's minds that they probably have for you is, okay, Blackrock's coming in. They're the big bad villain. We want to keep this a cypherpunk thing and not have Wall Street Blackrock coming in. Overall, I think, you know, it really rises the tide, which rises all boats. It's a good thing for the space and will drive more adoption. But a lot of people are afraid that, oh, Blackrock is going to come in, they're going to manipulate the gold market and the price will never go up. What do you say to that?
Speaker D: Well, you don't manipulate an ETF. It's not like they're running a fund themselves and they're evil manipulators. What happens is when you've got a lot more players in the market, it becomes much less volatile because you've got people buying and selling all day in different ways. Many different types of investments move markets in different ways. So it's a shame that people didn't or won't yet use the decentralized rails of doing this themselves. And you've gone to the middleman and given Wall street some of your cash again. But I also understand that if you are a Raa in Omaha and you quite like this idea, you can't get your customers to invest via direct holdings of bitcoin. So it's a conundrum. And as you say, it's good for the space because it's going to bring new capital into space. That'll bring new innovation, that will bring more vc money, that'll bring good for our bags. It's overall good, but they're doing it in the old fashioned way, which is bad. So I get it. It's not.
Speaker C: Are you concerned about the paper market? You know, the. The gold paper market is 130 times the actual size of the spot market.
Speaker D: Well, pretty much every market, every derivative market is larger than the underlying right. That's leverage. It's what humans do. They love it. As you know, between sex and leverage, they're the two most fame, favorite things of humans. So booze doesn't fit?
Speaker C: Sorry, I thought there was booze as well.
Speaker D: Is the three liquid. But. But leverage is everywhere. So leverage amplifies everything as well. But most markets have a lot of leverage. The FX market, for example. But there's a lot of buyers and sellers. There's different people, different time horizons. And what you end up with is less volatile markets, and there will be a nice day. Right now, we like the volatility of crypto, so we can buy it when it's low and you get the huge run ups. But it'd be nice if the market actually just kind of trended upwards 20% a year or 30% a year, as opposed to doing it in the boom bust fashion, wiping everybody out. So I think the lack of. I think volatility will come down over time from all of this, which is, I think, a good thing. Yeah, but the opportunity goes down.
Speaker C: Yeah. And I still go back to the scarcity of this thing. And I've done analysis in 2017 about the number of lost coins, you know, between Satoshi lockup and lost coins overdose, four, 5 million will never see the light of day again. Then you have issues like people losing their coins in a perpetual basis. I'm on the receiving end of a lot of that. I see people sending bitcoin to the wrong address or losing their keys, or all sorts of terrible things are happening. It's very, very fragile. But again, do you think bitcoin can stay ahead of Ethereum? There used to be a lot of talk about Ethereum flipping bitcoin. You did hint at that. You're concerned about it, but because of the scarcity of bitcoin, that could keep it pacing ahead of ethereum. Or if you look at things like Metcalfe's law, et cetera, et cetera, you analyze all the utility. It's pretty clear ethereum will flip bitcoin. But what's your take on that?
Speaker D: So, firstly, to people who are just in the crypto space, it doesn't matter. They're both going up.
Speaker C: Right?
Speaker D: So that's the most important thing to note. So you can back any horse you want. What we're in the game for is the excess returns. Where can you generate the higher return? So when I look at bitcoin, it's the sketched in the purity of what they're doing. But now we're building ordinals and other things on top of the network and layer twos and stuff. Okay. More use cases, good for Metcalfe's law, good for on chain activity. ETH is much broader and much more dominant in that broader world. And so when I look at that and think of the ETH staking the yields, what institutions like about this as well, what kind of people get involved. I mean, everything seems to be more ETH based. And again, that's not a dis on bitcoin. This ridiculous tribalism online and I just look at the long term ETH bitcoin cross on Tradingview and it looks like it's a giant kind of wedge pattern. And I look at that and that's the kind of with all price history on a log chart. And I'm like, I just reckon that these patterns usually break up as a continuation pattern and that would say ETH massively outperforms. If we also know that ETH becomes scarcer every time it's used right now, then it's most likely to outperform. What was really interesting is we've just gone through a big bear market. Normally everything gets nuked versus bitcoin. He didn't traded sideways, so that's not a big tell. So if it stays the same as bitcoin in a down market, what's it going to do in a bull market? So that's my, my hunch is that it outperforms. My hunch that at this, in this cycle it'll do the flippening and then it'll probably come back again and everyone can see it was ridiculous, you know, it was a bubble, it's just. But over time it's a faster growing network, simple as that.
Speaker C: And you and I have watched the bond market for 30 years plus. Now at this stage there's the global bond route happening. Bonds are in the toilet, yields are on fire, you know, it's caused part of a banking crisis. I think there's a lot more shoes to fall and I'm going off on this tangent, but I'm coming back to ETH. Like Japan is a mess, EU is a mess, UK guild market is a mess, us. I think the Fed are trying to torch the economy on purpose to get it ready for a change in regime. I don't know, it's just something they're going way too far and they're way too late. But do you believe ETH could replace the bond market, considering it has yield, etcetera, and it's probably a lot safer and it's an asset that's going up.
Speaker D: Yeah. The only issue is it's obviously very volatile, so there's that you need to trade off against it. But as a digital bond, it's pretty bloody good. If you're used to the volatility of the space, you can stake your ETH, get a yield. You can either do it through a financial counterparty, much like we can do by getting interest from a bank, which would be defi world or C five world, or you can stake yourself and take the yield yourself. Which is like going to treasury direct in the United States and owning treasury bonds. So in the digital world, yeah, it is the treasury bond. Does it replace treasury bonds? Well, it depends on your time horizon for investing. If you are an endowment with a hundred year time horizon, what would you rather own? A US treasury bond that yields 5%, or eth that yields 5% and gives you the potential for the technology. Now, sure, you won't weight them the same, but it's got to be very, very interesting to have such a long duration asset with a 5% dividend yield or a 5% yield.
Speaker C: Yep, definitely. So let's switch gears to crypto. I use this analogy, it's very crude. Sometimes I try and explain, you know, how to determine the value of a layer one or a layer two. And I use this shopping mall analogy. Okay? So the blockchain is the shopping mall, the Dapps are the stores within the mall. And the users drive the use of the dapps, which drive up the use of the currency, which drives up the price of the token. Is that too crude an analogy right now? Because when I analyze layer ones, layer twos, I look at the breadth of dapps and I look at the adoption, the cross pollination between assets and, you know, really making people comfortable in the ecosystem so they can go one place and kind of one store that has everything they need, whether it's NFTs and Defi and maybe some social stuff, maybe some gaming, you know, everything. So how do you view l one s, l two s? And does that shopping mall analogy resonate with you, or is it too clear?
Speaker D: Yeah, I think it's pretty good. I think it's pretty good as an analogy. And if you could own a share of the shopping mall, now that's a shitty business model now because nobody wants shopping malls. But, but the visualization, how I'm thinking of it is ETH is actually a digital nation state in its own right. And I'm going to write a big piece on this with Kevin Kelly from Delphi. Digital is, my view, is all the elements, structural elements of an economy are there. We've got a population, we've got a trend rate of growth. We've got a yield curve that's not defined by central bank, but designed at protocol level. Then we have the assets that are in that economy. NFTs are assets within the economy. We've got the financial side of it. So that's C five and DeFi, and the layer twos are probably the states within that nation. So you get the choice, do you want to live in the United States and live in California, or do you want to live in Florida and you accrue different benefits, but it's actually still under the nation state of the United States. So I'm starting to think of it more as nation states and ETH is. And again, when I finalize this article, there's a lot of parallels between ETH and a regular economy, but economies don't grow as fast as ETH has, and it doesn't have such a big boom bust cycle. But, yeah, I think the shopping mall works, but also think of it as a country, and people start to understand it.
Speaker C: I know you're a big believer in Matt Castle, as I am, too. And there are many other things that can drive the value of a network, but it's pretty clear there are three names out there that are managing all the users, and maybe a fourth. And those three names are ethereum, polygonmatic, Solana. And the fourth, coming in from behind pretty fast, is arbitrum. But two of those four are layer twos. And this takes me back to the age old question I've been trying to answer myself since I was looking for the ETH killer. That's how I fell upon Solana, as if there is one. That's it. But the challenge that I had early 2021 was it's modular. No, the ETH is modular, and Solana is monolithic. So they're very, very different. The DNA, etcetera. How do you reckon that in your head across the different architectural types? Or does it really matter? It's all about the users.
Speaker D: I mean, I don't know what computer you're on. You don't know what computer I own. I don't know what version of the software you're running. Right. All of this stuff will get abstracted away. So really, it's going to be, all these guys actually sell. Is block space, is your block space attractive, and are other people using it in ways that helps you out? A lot of people use AWS because AWS have a bunch of services on top of it, of just storing your data. Same with Microsoft. I think it's a similar thing. I think once you just abstract all of it away and all of the emotion out of the crypto markets is you need to make your block space attractive by having a good product that functions and is priced well. So I don't really care what types have changed. There's other interesting ones, sui coming up, obviously, which is the similar beat up based on move like Aptos is. There's a whole bunch of these. I don't think it matters. I think for me, I want everything to succeed in the best way that they can.
Speaker C: But there's no room. If you look at traditional business models, there's only one, maybe two winners in every space.
Speaker D: Well, I thought Tolly said something interesting he was looking at. Could Solana be a layer two on ETH, or could even theoretically ETH be a layer two on Solana, or Solana.
Speaker C: Be a layer two for bitcoin?
Speaker D: Yeah. What that got to me. He was having a more intellectual conversation about security and how to create extra layers of security in case of block failure, stuff like that. But what that looked to me obvious was, well, then you've got interoperability, so then we don't kind of care what chain we're on and we can build anywhere. Because one of the difficult things for a business, if you're Nike, can you make the decision not to build an ETH because you don't know if anything else is going to survive or there's enough activity on enough wallets, that kind of stuff. So that is a bit of a supermassive black hole for ETH. But if you create the interoperability, then anybody can use anything. They can make the choice, hey, this one's faster and cheaper for me. It's better for my needs because I'm doing ticketing, whatever. And they don't have to make the catastrophic decision of, oh, my God. Well, nobody can use this for anything else.
Speaker C: Yeah. So I go back to the path to a billion users. The question is, who gets there first? And like everything else in the world, it's the best, cheapest, fastest solution will get there first. You can't adopt, you can't have a billion use on a blockchain if it's $15 a transaction, that's just not going to fly. So.
Speaker D: No, but there too's accomplished that. Right. So that's.
Speaker C: They still have their issues with things like finality and stuff like that that holds them back from certain use cases.
Speaker D: That's right. But for some, use cases more than adequate, for others, not adequate. I mean, that's pretty much true of every blockchain, right? There's huge trade offs, and I think that's fine.
Speaker C: And I know you spoke recently as well about some allocations. The way I look at the crypto world and crypto positions is risk and reward. I know Ethereum will outperform bitcoin, I know Solana probably will outperform Ethereum. But the question is, how much do you allocate. And this is the debate I have in my little head every single day, especially when I see things pricing is that like one other number for you to consider is ETH market cap is 40 x Solana and they got the same number of daily active users. There's something wrong with how these things are valued. Or do people simply not have a clue to how to appraise the blockchain?
Speaker D: So when I've done the work on this and built a Metcalfe's law model, it's number of active users, fine. But the thing that most people don't understand is what seems to give the best correlation is total value transacted in dollars. And what we find is that bitcoin is worth more because more is exchanging value. ETH does a lot more transactions, but they're smaller. And the bitcoin transactions tend to be larger in size because there's a lot more institutions and that kind of stuff in the space. So what it's telling you, and I found that all of them seem to be priced accurately according to that, you know, with a chart fit kind of thing. Therefore it's telling you Solana has smaller transactions. Okay, that's fine. You know, it depends what applications get built and if it's going to be a consumer chain, which is I think really where its branding lies really well, then maybe it does that, but then its going to have a lot more active users because its a consumer based product. So you win in different, theres two different ways to win in that game. But I like you think ETH outperforms bitcoin and Solana outperforms ETH. But I werent prepared to have that. Ive got the eth bet I dont really have much bitcoin anymore. And that worked well in the bear market. My ETH maintained its value against bitcoin. So fine, that's first leg of that to prove out the next bit is the bull market. I imagine that if those downward sloping trend lines of Sol versus eTH start breaking and we start to see some breakout new applications on Solana, that I will be shuffling my 90 ten or 80 20 or whatever my current weighting is between the two and changing around. Now I did that once before, which was bitcoin and ETh. I had virtually no ETH. I was watching the chart pattern, watching the chart pattern and then I think it was December 2020, I just started switching. And then by the time I got through till like March of 2021, I owned very little bitcoin. I'd switched 90, ten to 1090 and it may happen again with Solana. I mean, people mistake me for an ETh. Maxi. No, I'm currently, I'm trying to be a profit, Maxi. Yes, I love the space, but, you know, I'm trying to make money out of a long term view.
Speaker C: I try hammer that home. It goes back to the, as you say, the monkeys throwing poop at each other. It's, I'm an alpha, Maxi. So I chase wherever, like, I did something very sacrilegious. When Tesla hit like 106 or whatever, I swapped bitcoin into Tesla because I was looking at the upside. I said, over the next year, year and a half, Tesla's going to outperform bitcoin. And then the horror from the world. He sold not all, some, just tiny piece, but it's just funny how I know the. I always try and spend a lot of time understanding the psychology of money and humans relationship with it. But what advice would you give people around their blind faith and getting married to something that sometimes isn't ever going to go anywhere? What would you tell them?
Speaker D: I mean, it's really hard. And this came up recently on a Twitter spaces I was on. It's like, here's all of us saying, just hold on, hold on and buy in the down cycles. So you hear advice like that works really well in secular trends, rising assets. But once you chose the wrong thing. Yeah, that piece of advice, the worst piece of advice you're ever going to get. I thought that was a valid criticism, but I don't yet know how to address it, how to explain that you need things that are in a secular trend or have a chance, because if not, you're going to go bankrupt.
Speaker C: Yeah, I just popped up a trading view chart and literally 24 hours ago, ETH was trading at $18.52 and now it's about to hit $21. So, like, that type of swing is massive when you compare it to other assets. I just thinking, well, I have you on the line, I'll see exactly what the market's doing because my computers have messed up today. But you did. Right. So in terms of, you're in a position where you can flip between assets ten times a day and incur no tax penalty, correct? Yes.
Speaker D: But I also don't. So I don't trade. I found that my edge is my long term view and I'm pretty comfortable with it, and it's made me a lot more money over time than my trading ever did. And so I don't trade. I will make an asset allocation switch, which will be one switch. I'll be like, I might move 50% of my ETH into salt. Theoretically, that would be one switch. I just don't do anything else because I found that I've generated more alpha for myself by having a long term time horizon. Because if not, you just get caught out at the wrong times and your mental state goes. But my mental state going through a whole bear market, which I've been through so many times since I first got in, 20, 12, 13, was like, super chill. The only thing that I got stressed about is I didn't have any more cash to buy. I was like, I need to find cash to buy. Because I had a plan. I knew what was happening, I was comfortable. But if you're trading, you just find so many attack vectors where your mind gets screwed up and you're like, I need to get out. I need to do this, and I can't get it right and I'm a moron, and then I'm a genius. That journey of moron to genius. And if you're the shorter term trader you are, the more you feel those emotions, they're not good. I think it's net negative.
Speaker C: That's such an interesting point. Yeah. I think the bear market, and you still see the PTSD in people, and this is what I warn people, this is kind of drilling into what you just said. People are so damaged and they buy something and they get back to their realized price, like twenty five k, and they sell. I'm going to buy back in at 10,000. This shoots to 30,000. It's like, whoa, what just happened? What advice would you have? Like, I know you're right there. What I try and do, and the advice I give people, and now I've heard myself parroted back, is I believe in what's called a hodl bag because I say 80%. I do everything in Pareto efficient manner. You don't touch that. You might swap between pristine assets like Tesla, bitcoin, etcetera, but that's locked away and use that as margin to do kind of your 20% playing trading activities. But what advice would you say to people, like, we are in exponential times, you covered at the very beginning. Stock market divided by money supply is flat, real estate is down, but you have leverage. But these are exponential assets and there's so few of them and they're so scarce. So what I'm hearing from you is, your advice would be, hold.
Speaker D: I'm going to. I need to just find the front cover of my July GMI which was probably the best cover. It was just four words that says, don't fuck this up. And then there was a tweet from somebody on Twitter that said, there is a bull market staring you in the face. All you have to do to make life changing money is buy and wait patiently. Don't fuck this up. And then I put the bell curve of the mid twit. On the left is the buy and hold retail investor. In the middle is no inflation, this recession, blah, blah, blah. And the other side is the monk with the buy and hold. So that is my advice, is you buy and hold and accumulate into these large cyclical drawdowns and just check whether your overall thesis is right. And the overall thesis is, do we have adoption? It's the same, you know, the same bloody thesis for Tesla as well. It's like for anything. Does it have an ongoing adoption? And is that going to continue to increase? If that's the case, forget everything else. It's all noise.
Speaker C: So we got your allocations. You may have snuck the cat out of the bag accidentally by saying the ten to 20 and 80% eth, which is actually not dissimilar to me. I happen to be 80% bitcoin, about 16% ETH and about 4% sol. But I do anticipate that flipping could happen very quickly for the last two. All right, so let's talk about a couple of other things. I know we don't have you forever, unfortunately. Central bank, digital currencies, waf control, etcetera. There was a lot of news about Ledger, which rattled literally hardcore, you know, not your keys, not your coins. Cold storage communities all over the world with, you know, some. Some bubsy and customer support on Twitter saying, oh, yeah, we can backdoor into your wallet and stuff.
Speaker D: That.
Speaker C: That sent shockwaves, literally. I was getting questions about wallets for months and months. It's died down, thank goodness. But what did you think of all of that? Do you think I. There'll come a time, like, you know, getting back to Larry Fink. He said it's a democratizing force, which means he sees the WEF CBDC world. He got a black eye from being so pro ESG for a long time, and he said, I'm no longer associating myself with that. How do you see all of this coming around? We know CBD's are coming. We know money printing is going to only accelerate from here. We know governments need a way to control how the populace plays with money, how they spend it, what they spend it on. There's only way around it to continue at the money printing rate and be in a position to pay for all the social benefits that are coming down the pike with the aging population, negative birth rates, etcetera. How do you view this whole CBDC world and politics?
Speaker D: There is a magnificent battle that is going on, which is the battle I've talked about for some time between the parallel system and the old system. Once you see it, for that's what it is. The gensler, the noise, the central bank digital currencies. Central bank digital currencies is one way's acceptance that the new system that these bunch of bandits built is better than the old system. Right? That's incredible. There's the whole old system saying, yeah, what you guys have built is better than ours. So we want a bit of that. And the battle is the kind of six five punk, 6529 battle of who gets control. And we have a chance that the people will get more control, that we'll never have full control. A. You live in a country and you have laws and all of those things, but will we have more control or less control than the current financial system? And that's the fight we have to have, which is why it does matter how many people actually own digital assets in their own right. What we build on these rails is really important. It's not just speculation, it's actually of societal importance, because society has become more constricting over time, and more technology means more capture over humans in certain ways that we don't understand. Behavioral economics is a big and scary thing, and incentive systems, perverse or otherwise, will get used at scale. I don't know how to stay out of all of this. It is complicated, and it's one of the reasons I saw this coming after the european crisis when I was living in Spain. I'm like, I need to get out of here, or at least have a plan b. And my plan B was to go to a small island in the middle of the Caribbean where I'm just a bit further away than this battle. But this battle is being fought in the US, Europe, the UK, and a whole bunch of other countries. Although interestingly enough, and we talked before we were on camera, India, when you ask an Indian about state control, they don't care that the freedom side of money and that stuff is not the most important to them. The most important stuff is to make money. And the Chinese are the same. So different philosophies have different things and where they are in the economic cycle. But yeah, there's a big battle over all of this. And the other thing is within that battle is not only governments, but it's all the financial players that exist today. And then there's all the big web, two giants, the technology giants, and we have to fight all of these people.
Speaker C: Yeah, actually, speaking of the indian stock market, I spoke about that on my Saturday's video and how it's going up so well. But also when you balance it with the. And to money supply growth in India, it's always north of 10%. So they're printing like crazy. But is that balanced out by the growth in population two of north of 1.4 billion people, biggest country in the world, growing middle class. They just need more money. That's something.
Speaker D: And you'll hear me referring to this a lot. And I've been showing on Twitter, I use that bell curve meme again and I'm like, India, average age of 28, 1.4 billion people. Those average age of 28 will be 38 in ten years.
Speaker C: Still young. Buy bitcoin.
Speaker D: They're just going to go from being, hey, I've just got my first job, I've come out of university with my 17 PhDs, as indians do, and then they're going to go into the workplace and start saving and buying. We know what that does. So I just keep it really simple. So, yeah, the indian market will of course do well because demographics is literally the largest driver of everything. So, yeah, I just keep it as simple as I possibly can because a lot of people say, well, the central bank, they haven't got inflation under control. Nobody with an average age of 28 has low inflation because these people all coming into the labor force, buying their first house and car and getting married and all that inflationary stuff. So, yeah, I just think it's just one of the simplest, best stories in the world.
Speaker C: So. And we now have switching because this all ties in together. I think you were the first person to say macro is crypto. Crypto is macro. Is that fair to say?
Speaker D: A hundred percent. And I'm now more convinced of it than I ever have been in the past.
Speaker C: All right, so following the kind of everything code, and I love that framework too, and considering the need for 0% rates going forward, Cowbell, how explosive do you expect the bull market to be? We are in a bull market, but, you know, we know the fed has to cut. They're on the verge of paying a trillion dollars in interest, which is like 30, 40% more than the defense budget. And everything's broken. Deficits are exploding. I don't know what they're seeing in the job market, I think they need to take into account the fact that in the United States, people, there's a.
Speaker D: Game we don't know. There's got to be a game we don't know is being played here. That's my general thought is like, what are they trying to do? Are they trying to get it so when they cut the bottom is 2%, because they know that each cycle needs to cut 400 basis points or something. So therefore, is it 2%? I don't know what the game is to be played here, but what I do know from my macro work is I can forecast the cycle probably. Again, there's no certainties in this world. Looks like we're in a bull market. I can see where liquidity is going and where it's likely to go because of interest payments and other issues and demographics. We can map out potentially where assets go. But what you don't know is where the human emotion side is going to be in this. Because if everyone goes all crypto crazy again, it'll do significantly more than people expect, and we'll have a bigger boom bust cycle if it's not. So it's very difficult to predict where it actually goes. But what we can say is, look, it's reasonable. That bitcoin from all time highs, doubles or triples, that's not asking a lot. That will be the worst bull market in bitcoin's history.
Speaker C: But there's an interesting angle that I see. And what do they say the most dangerous words in the investing language is this time is different, but it is. Let me explain why. We have decreasing supply hitting the market and we have increasing demand. And there's record low amount on exchanges available for sale, more hodling than ever before. Everything that you look at that's on chain. It's a perfect storm of supply crunch. I had Jamie from Bloomberg on back in January, and he said there will be a bitcoin supply crunch by the end of 2023. What's your take on that? And could this time be different where there's more than a three x? Because we know diminishing returns. Diminishing?
Speaker D: Yeah. I think all of us need to be cautious putting out prices to people.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: You know, so. Because people don't yet know how to fully take risks because this is bringing in new market participants. So how I would look at it, and even with my own mind is, listen, it probably triples from the all time high, and currently it's at 30 grand. So, okay, that's a six x from here, that's pretty good. And the upside is maybe I'm totally wrong. And it gets complete panic to the upside. Because of the issues you talk about. We don't know what's going to be happening in the economy in 2025. What could be driving prices? I just think you get the upside for free. You can be conservative and it's still huge, and you get the upside for free. So when I first wrote, I think wrote the first ever kind of bitcoin strategy piece, investment strategy piece, and price model, that was 2013, it was at $200. And I said, I worked it out kind of like gold with a stock to flow ratio, just kind of simple maths. And I'm like, well, bitcoin on the same basis will be valued at a million dollars. So I said, okay, I'm just going to discount myself by 90% because this sounds ridiculous. So we'll call it $100,000. And it was trading at $200. So it's still the best risk reward you'll ever find. So at six x, is it, does bitcoin outperform, underperform, Tesla or inline? I don't know. I actually don't know with that, but because I'm actually quite.
Speaker C: And they are my two biggest positions, because I tell everybody, using another, sorry for stealing all your terms. The exponential age, that's what we're in. But what's comical is nobody or very few people can actually wrap their. Their heads around what that actually means. You have people like you. You have people like Jeff Booth. You guys get it. But your traditional Wall street analysts have no clue. So we are in a very unique place where I'm seeing for the first time in my life, you have more smarts on things like fintwit and retail investors and YouTube analysts than you do at Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs and all these other places. I know you worked at Goldman back in the day. How do you explain the fact that the only way I can explain that Wall street is less smart than retail is the fact that they're acting like psyops and they're only pumping their own bags. They're saying, oh, General Motors is going to crush Tesla or whatever else. How do you play that out in your head?
Speaker D: When we started real vision back in 2014, the idea was to democratize the very best financial knowledge. Back then, nobody got access to all of the great minds that we have on real vision, the great research, it was not there. So what would a fintwip been like back then? The average person will have known much less so now this proliferation of long form podcasts, information, everything else, and then this great debating forum where you can learn and see so much. The wisdom of crowds beats the individual over time. So I think the crowd is generally smart. Not always. There's certainly people who are amazing. But generally speaking, if you can filter some of the noise from the crowd, the information advantage you get is pretty high. And it's been proven hedge funds use Twitter for trading signals, stuff like that. What we've done is ended up democratizing and decentralizing information. And where the information comes together is platforms like Twitter or like real vision, where people can then have discussions about stuff. So I like it because it's taken out of the hands of the Goldman's, of this world, and they know they're less relevant. Yeah, they've got one or two good analysts. The rest of them, it's just irrelevant. They're just there to service the investment banking, because really, the rock stars lie outside.
Speaker C: Yeah. Well, I got a couple, couple more questions. I know we're running out of time. You got a few more minutes?
Speaker D: A couple of minutes. I've got to film another whole thing for real vision in a sec.
Speaker C: So let's do it super fast. One, you said bitcoin could do a three x eth, probably a five x, and then so on, and maybe a seven x, that they're kind of the ratios I'm thinking about in my head.
Speaker D: Yeah. And my numbers are much larger is what I'm thinking. So I'm actually thinking, look, there is a potential, and again, people listening to this, there's a potential, there's a possibility, a dream scenario that Solana does what ETH did from the 2018 low, which was a 47 x, and so Solana low was $9. So you can do the maths. The numbers are potentially very interesting. That would be 20 something x from here for Solana. So ETH will be less than that, much like Ethereum outperform, bitcoin. So, yeah, somewhere within that range that you gave. And then just look at what ETH did back in 2018 and say, look, that's reasonable for a proven, battle tested protocol that has a lot of activity.
Speaker C: Okay, super fast, this is gonna be a quick round, because I know you gotta go, gotta tap you for all you're worth. Sec and crypto, you said beautifully in a video, I think, last week, same thing I've been saying for a long time. The SEC doesn't matter, US market doesn't matter for crypto, and a lot of people are scared. That the SEC, Gary Gensler and company, obviously, they're part of Chokepoint, et cetera. They can't kill crypto. Agree?
Speaker D: No. It's like water. Money flows. It flows everywhere where it's most accepted and most looked after. Right. So the Chinese banned it three times. India's banned it. We've had Hong Kong ban it and unbann it. We've had endless. Right. But it flows. This is a decentralized system of money and value, and no one nation can control it, which is why they're so scared of it, obviously. And the US will realize that, as you said at the beginning, you're actually taking away people's freedoms here in a very big opportunity, and the political backlash will be very big. And I think we're already starting to see the traction of that where people say, listen, this is not right, how we're being treated. So I think politics solves it in the end. But if they continue to do this, other countries will just take the mantle.
Speaker C: Penultimate question. July and August, historically very quiet. I call it the summer doldrums. Not a lot of buyers volumes, low prices fall. Could there be some buying opportunities for people that didn't get on the train earlier in the year?
Speaker D: Yeah, I tend to think my framework has actually been that July might be all right, then August is that everyone's on holiday. Nobody cares. But we're starting to see the commercial. The smaller banks kre roll over again. Got to keep your eye on that, because if it does, then it increases the chance of more cowbell. Because if the banks need bailing out.
Speaker C: It'S going to happen.
Speaker D: That's right. My general feeling is end of August, September starts getting interesting. Sure. We'll have a larger correction at some point. I don't think it's going to be 2019 this time around. I think it might, it might be, might be a stronger market, but who knows? So, yeah, any sell offs, any sideways good time to just add stuff if you're not fully loaded, because a lot of people have PTSD and a lot of people are still on the sidelines and they, you get yourself, this is we talked about before, you get yourself in mental anguish because you've now traded and you've got out of the market and you want to be in the market because your whole body wants you to be in the market for the long term, but you think you've been smart by getting out and then you miss the next 30%. You know, it's like, just be careful not to mess up. We're looking at all these crypto bulls on Twitter. Like I was going down to 10,000.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: Why? Because they can't bear the fact that they got out and now they're stuck in a position that they're hoping and.
Speaker C: They want to fill their bags. Lower price. Exactly. Awesome. Final question for you. Cancer and Raul Paul, thank you so much. Got 2500 people watching here live and they all appreciate, don't forget the real vision links are down below.
Speaker D: There's all sorts of next week. There is. I think we've got a whole crypto gathering which is. I'm laying out my entire crypto thesis. I've got to record that now, which is why I need to go. Then we brought on the best technical analysts. We got hedge fund managers. We've got everybody to discuss different parts over the course of week. So I think it's realvision.com gathering. It's free. Knock your socks off. Just a lot there.
Speaker C: Rock upper rall's house. Exactly. These guys got dogs. Don't do that. Final question. Prepper plans. We see a lot of people now beginning to walk with their feet, get out of Dodge, move to Dubai, move to El Salvador. Where would you believe the best place to be would go? Or where would it go? Where the best place to live? Maybe the next 510 years when you want to get out of the western world. If it becomes crazy, I mean, that's.
Speaker D: Not an easy question to answer because there's a huge amount of trade offs. But you're willing to say, oh, yeah, just go. I did. I moved to the Cayman Islands by accident. Part of it was the plan b is like, listen, if I think there's going to be more civil unrest, higher taxations around the world and I think we've got this debt cycle and this demographic cycle and don't like it, I want somewhere that I can feel a little bit more removed from the situation. That's why I chose it. It depends what age you are. Lands of opportunities would be Mumbai. It would be probably the Middle east, probably Dubai, probably Saudi, probably Abu Dhabi. I think they're going to be interesting because they're around India, they're around these young populations. There's a lot going on and they're having a technological revolution. But where else do you live?
Speaker C: Yeah, I remember looking at waterfront property in Mumbai a couple of years back. I couldn't believe the prices. Millions, way more than Manhattan.
Speaker D: Unbiable. It's unbiable. I don't know how you know. It's crazy. So, yeah, it's not an easy choice to think of that. And if anybody watching this is an american, it's even harder. Yeah. Because, you know, the long arm of the United States tax system and political system is immense versus other states.
Speaker C: Well, thank you so much again for your support. We do have to reconnect again. I have some other things to show you. Next time we have more time. You'll find them very interesting. But we spent the whole of the bear market building stuff, including a thing called the crypto compendium, analyzed the top 500 cryptos across 69 different parameters. I think it'd be handy for your community to have in your back pocket as well as we go forward and.
Speaker D: A whole bunch and we'll chat about it.
Speaker C: Awesome. Thank you so much again, enjoy the next video. Thank you for all you do as well for the world and the community. We're all very grateful and we love you. Thank you, sir.
Speaker D: Thank you. Really enjoyed it as ever.
Speaker C: Okay, take care till soon. Bye.
Speaker B: What's up, revolutionaries? Thanks for tuning in. For more content like this, head over to realvision.com and get unfiltered access to the very best, brightest, and biggest names in finance.
