Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30. 30, baby get 30, baby get 20. 2020, baby get 2020. Bid to get 15.
Speaker A: 1515 just $15 a month, so give it a try at Mint mobile.com switch.
Speaker B: $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited. More than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com dot. Picture yourself on a beach, retired early and enjoying financial freedom. If this is your dream, then now's the time to level up your investing game, and real vision can help you. We arm you with the knowledge, the tools and the network to succeed on your financial journey on your own terms, take control of your future, and visit realvision.com free. That's realvision.com free.
Speaker A: Hi, I'm Raoul Pal, and welcome to my show, the journeyman. The journeyman takes us all on that journey to the nexus of understanding of macro, crypto and the exponential age of technology. In recent weeks, I've covered a lot of ground in crypto, and I want to flip it up by now and cover macro. You see, I've been doing macro for 34 years. It's my lens on the world. It's this 3d, incredible jigsaw puzzle that you're trying to solve at any time. And it's complex because the secular trends, the cyclical trends, it's how it all fits together. There's time horizons, all of that kind of stuff, of constructing a macro view and then a macro portfolio. It's not easy. It takes time to learn. Now, obviously, real vision, we've been teaching that the real vision Academy, which is part of real vision plus, which if you guys haven't checked out, it's incredible because I'm in there, plus a whole bunch of other people helping you build out your understanding of how to invest. So the academy is great for that. Also, the macrovesting tool by Julian Bittle and myself keeps you on top of the business cycle, where we are, what matters, where liquidity is going, the things that really count and simplifies it down into what asset should you be buying. It's not a trading system per se. The macro investing tool is really your hack into putting probability in your favor. It's Julian Bittel distilling down what it really takes to allocate capital in portfolios, allocation capital in portfolios, using a macro view is one of the things that I love. It's what brought me to crypto. It's what brought me into technology investing, and it's created some of the best calls of my entire career. And so I love to talk macro with people. And this week I'm really privileged because I've got Rick Reeder from Blackrock. Rick is one of the largest managers in the world, very famous macro player. He's been around as long as I have. We've got war stories to talk about and we're going to get to learn a lot from him. He really is fabulous person and a great investor. So let's listen in to myself and Rick reader. Join me, Raoul Pell, as I go on a journey of discovery through the macro, crypto and exponential age landscapes in the journeyman. I talk to the smartest people in the world so we can all become smarter together. Rick, fantastic to have you on real vision.
Speaker B: Thanks for having me.
Speaker A: Look, I'm really excited. There's a lot we're going to talk about because we've both been in macro markets for 30 odd years now, showing our age as ever. I'd love. Well, first tell people what you do. Most people know who you are, and then I just want to go back in time and get some of your story. But what do you do now? Because you have quite an impressive job.
Speaker B: I don't know. I'm CIO for our global fixed income at Blackrock, and I also run our global allocation business with more of an equity oriented portfolio. I sit on a bunch of committees for the firm and I manage, I guess I'm $2.7 trillion in assets, which keeps me up most evenings. I enjoy my Saturdays.
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. That's something I wouldn't be very happy doing, but there we go. So listen, how did you get into this business in the first place? Give me a story. I'd love to hear about that.
Speaker B: So it's kind of crazy. Both my parents were entrepreneurs, crazy hard workers as I am. And they're, I never really knew finance. I didn't really, I didn't have a background. My parents weren't really in the finance and so I didn't follow the normal path. In fact, I went to a liberal arts college for a couple years and I did very, very poorly because it didn't make any sense. I didn't understand it. Sociology, psychology, I literally couldn't understand it. But I guess because I did a more of an entrepreneurial business heritage for my parents. I transferred Emory University. All of a sudden, these business classes made sense to me. Finance made sense. It seemed logical. It seemed like I could put things in boxes. Anyway, I did that. I did pretty well there and ended up going. Worked for a bank for a couple of years doing financial analysis. And then I called Suntrust, at the time, not truest. And then I went back to. I couldn't figure out, apparently, business education once. So I went to Wharton, do it again. And then I had this lucky, crazy lucky situation. I mean, just, you throw out things in your life, so, like, never would have. I was going to go work for great firm, a big, big us bank, to do financial analysis, peer, you know, sort of strategic analysis on the finance side. And anyway, somebody, I said, ef Hutton. Somebody. I don't think anybody remembered, maybe I remember that.
Speaker A: I remember ef Hutton.
Speaker B: Yeah. So they, they said to me, this. This woman decided, she said, you know, why don't you try trading? I had accepted the job somewhere else, and I told, like, once you accept, you'd like, you cannot go back. I know I. I know where the woman was persuasive. And I, you know, I liked. I liked sports, you know, earlier, my career, I liked. Or I guess when I was in school, I liked to gamble. And I liked, you know, and so I said, you know, she said to me, she said, you know, you've always done financial analysis, you know, strategic stuff and looking at numbers, and, you know, this fits in terms of how you think about the world. You're competitive. So anyway, I did it. And I think I've told the story before. My dad said, trading is not a career, it's a hobby. And I know, like, 36 years later, I'm still trading a lot.
Speaker A: I never forget first going into the trading floor, sitting at a desk, thinking, what the hell is all of this? I mean, it's just, you know, all of the prices moving on the screen, trying to figure out what everybody's talking about and why they're talking about it.
Speaker B: So can I. Can I say one thing? I don't know what people are going to watch this, but today, the person I'm working with for over 30 years. So the payroll report comes out, and my. Your blood pressure, you know, at 829 and a half, my blood pressure shoots higher. And I said to him, how many more times are we gonna do this? And. But then, you know, he broke me back. He said, how much fun is this? And I said, it is. I guess it is. And I get out similar. Like, if you're playing a sport, like, you wanna have the ball at the end of the game and I, but I don't know, I mean, it's like, I don't know if you're 36 years, twelve times, twelve times, twelve months a year. By the way, you get the CPI report, the FOMC meeting and, you know, the, but anyway, I like it, you know, I think I like a lot of people. You know, I really like the adrenaline rush and I like that, you know, like, you know, you get it. You know, I like, you know, the gratification of, you know, hopefully more times than not, not always, but hopefully 60% or more of the time. You know, you do all your work and you prepare for it and you, hopefully your data helps you analyze it, but I tell you, it's still, I've been doing this for such a long time, you know, when you're wrong like it is, I mean, it's brutal. I mean, you know, you go back, like, what do I do? Like, am I not like, maybe I should. My brother became a doctor. Like, what was I thinking? You know, that was the path and, but anyway, it makes it fun. But boy, you got to have a lot of humility, I'll tell you. I know.
Speaker A: And the good and the good times never make up for the bad times. You remember the losses, you remember when you got it wrong or even when you thought you got it right. It just never makes up for it. Like the reward system is really perverse. It becomes that pain avoidance as opposed to everything else.
Speaker B: Well, I think, by the way, I can't remember anybody's name and I have this terrible thing. Like I go to a cocktail party, my wife says, yeah, that's like, that's your brother. And they're like, I'm just not my brother. I'm like, I don't remember their name. But if you tell me, like every position I lost mine, like, I can tell you that I got a bond, I can tell you the coupon, the maturity when I did, why I lost the money. It just, it puts this unbelievable imprint on you that. And like you say, you know, they get the wins. I don't know, they sort of, you know, they don't put that sort of imprint. And I've had, you know, quite frankly, some learning experiences where like early in my career, like I took a really big loss on something that I thought it was right and I kept buying it, buying it, buying it. And by the way, I was ultimately right. But it didn't really matter because the market didn't.
Speaker A: That's the worst when you are right, but your timing is wrong.
Speaker B: And by the way, when I got out, it was proven right, which is even more painful.
Speaker A: So when you start. So ef Hutton, what were you trading when he first started?
Speaker B: So I actually, I was just in the training program. It was their first only training, but they never had another one. It was, and I was only there for a few months. I think the training ground became playing liars poker. I don't remember liars poker, but we didn't have it, you know, after the crash, it was 87. And after the crash, like, all we did was sat around play Liarsburg. We had no job. And anyway, I was actually going to trade agents. They were going to take me out of the training program to trade agency mortgages, and that was going to be my role. And then Lehman brothers bought Bf Hutton. And anyway, I found I met a group of people that I really, really liked and corporate bonds. And instead of doing mortgages, I shifted and did corporate bonds. So I started doing that for, for a while, trade everything from yankee bonds, crossover, high yield, high grade bonds, emerging market debt. I trade a lot of aviation debt, which is fun, but yeah, I know I started trading corporate bonds.
Speaker A: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back. Hi, you. Hey, listen, if you're enjoying this, come and see me on the YouTube channel. Raoul, pal, the journeyman. Sign up there. Get everything I ever do. See you there. Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint mobile, unlimited premium wireless. Everybody get 30. 30 biddy get 30 bid to get 20. $2020. 15.
Speaker A: Just $15 a month. So give it a try@mintmobile.com.
Speaker B: Switch $45 up front for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time, unlimited. More than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com.
Speaker A: What year was that? 1990?
Speaker B: No, so it was training from 80. I really started 88, summer of 88. And then, you know, then I got different books to trade, and then, and then they run like the credit desk at Lehman.
Speaker A: I mean, but what a fantastic time to be in the bond market, right?
Speaker B: It was definitely a lucky time. And by the way, you talk about, like, things in your life that happened. The guy that, I swear, the day I was being placed in, you know, they place you out of these training programs. Somebody quit and then nobody had quit. In that area in seven years. And anyway, so I called them and I said, wait, wait, somebody there's open this spot open. And they gave me that spot. And like you say, by the way, how the markets trade now versus anything about how different they are. And now I remember I was like the young kid on the desk, and I remember I built this excel, probably wasn't excel at the time. I built this spreadsheet, probably Lotus one two three. And we ran all our risk systems. Like, who is this guy with the wrist systems? And by the way, it was a funny thing because all the traders started using them, but if anybody hit the wrong cell, it blew up the whole program, and I'd have to work all night to fix the program. It was like, these are about being like cut and pasted and so, but, uh, but, yeah, but it was, it was a fun time. But you think about how everything traded. Like there was no risk systems. Like we used to get these printouts of like, you own this bond, you own this bond. And then, uh, you know, it's a little different today when we're using AI implementation on our, you know, data assimilation, it's a little different.
Speaker A: So where were you in 1994 when the bond market blew up, and how did you cope with that? Because that was a hell of a time.
Speaker B: It was, it was the, so I was, I'm trading, I'm trying to think I was trading corp of bonds. I was at the time, I was trading crossover. So anything that was sort of between high grade, investor grade, and high yield, which was a pretty vibrant space because anything that was on the way up or way down tended to be pretty volatile. So I was trading that stuff. And it was a bit before I had taken on emerging markets, which later on became spicy, to say the least. But I was doing it back then, by the way, it's funny, I always think about this, that there was a crisis. You go back in time in 1994, there was one, there was savings low on 90, then 94, then 98, then zero two. And I started to think about maybe I should do nothing but take the year off when it was the fourth year of one of these cycles. But it was incredible how rhythmic that was until, by the way, it should have happened again in zero six. But the fed kept policy too easy, and then it blew up in zero eight. And I always said, like, the veracity of what happened in zero eight is because you got to let them. It's, you know, whether it's supposed to be every four years or not, there's a rhythm there is a natural rhythm, like people built confidence, built confidence and baboom. And then I really believe that, that it extended later and it was, and it was more, more devastating because of that.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'll get on to the world past 2008 because I think it changed again after that. I just want to get. So you survived the 1994 blowup, then 98 was another massive one. I was a Goldman by then and that was a big deal. I mean, Russia. And you were trading emerging markets then as well, werent you?
Speaker B: Yes sir. In fact, the firm gave me, I took over emerging markets. It was actually a bunch of what Lima had a really hard time with going back in 98. And anyway, I think they said give that dope the emerging markets business to. We had a tough time. I ended up taking it over, tried to dull our risk and change how we were running our emerging markets business. And thankful that I couple of really, really good people who did it. I'm just going to help me do it. Actually they did it. But boy, oh boy was Russia, the asian crisis, but watching russian debt trade down to pennies. And by the way, there were some big exposures in the industry. And I always found it interesting when you would read earnings reports after that and you have a number of institutions say we took down our russian exposure. And then I looked like it was a proactive risk management. And then I looked at it, it's like actually the prices went down 60%. That's how you took it down almost to the dollar. It's like we reduced our exposure and it was to the dollar when the price went down. It's like, wow, that was proactive risk management. But boy, that was, you learn a lot and you learn a lot about em at that time. And politics.
Speaker A: I never forget, I was a goldman at the time, running the hedge fund sales business in equities and equity derivatives. And two things obviously, the asian crisis, everybody was super active over that period. Everybody was blowing up. Gavin Davis was coming on, if you remember Gavin, he was the chief economist at the time. He was coming on the squawk box telling the whole floor that he thought that Russia may go to civil war. We're like, oh my God. And long term capital blows up in the middle of it. Who's everybody? Biggest client. Oh my God, the banks are almost going to go under. It was what a time that was, right?
Speaker B: I mean, it's unbelievable. By the way, I used to talk to, I had a couple of friends and people I talked with, the long term capital. Those people were brilliant. I know they were the smartest people in the industry. What was it, folk when genius failed or something? That's right. Really, really smart. I used to talk to them all the time. Their positions were just too darn big and taught me a lot about that. I have to say. That particular situation taught me a lot about scaling. And you could be what we talked about earlier, you could be right. But the markets don't think you're right. And, or some exogenous shock hits like, you cant be that big relative to the markets. And they were smart people.
Speaker A: Trey ill never forget, I was on a stag weekend in Kilkenny in Ireland and were on a boat fishing and all of the friends were in financial markets. And the usual question after a few beers, it was like, whos your biggest client? And everybody was like, was long term capital? And I started adding up the equity derivative books alone on the european side. And we were already at something like 12 billion and long term capital had 3 billion or whatever under management. Then a friend of mine was running fixed income trading at Deutsche Bank, a guy called Justin Excel. And Justin says, I think we've got 100 billion. And at that point I was like, oh my God. I had to go back to the risk managers and say, we need to get out of long term capital because we have got huge problems.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, it was that size. You think about that size now. I mean it had been back then and, yeah, now the positions were sort of, you know. Cause I was doing credit. They were involved in long term credit. In credit, I should say.
Speaker A: No, but they, everything, everything dislocated because of them.
Speaker B: Exactly right. Exactly right. And you also realize, which also, you know, manifest itself later in zero eight. Otherwise you realize, you know, I think about this today, like, you could be positioned right, but you gotta think a lot about what everybody else has because they can, they can, they can have a know, impact your assets pretty darn dramatically.
Speaker A: So when, so where were you by 2008? Had you left Lehman?
Speaker B: No, I was, yeah, yeah. I left in, I actually left in May zero eight, which seemed prescient. I don't know how prescient it was. It certainly wasn't a forethought on my part that the industry would have or Lehman certainly would have a tough go. But starting a hedge fund, a credit hedge fund in May zero eight, you know, is like you saw the weather forecast and a tornado was about to come through and you decided it's time to play golf. It wasn't the most thoughtful. I just didn't think I meant it, quite frankly. Part of why I left, much of why I left was I thought this was like, this was going to be such an incredible opportunity. The volatility, the dispersion in credit markets. Like, this is a great time. Anyway, I literally didn't think it was going to be like that. But, yeah, I left. I would say I was outnumbered for, including me, uh, for 21 years and then.
Speaker A: So you set up your own fund?
Speaker B: I did, yeah. I set it called three reals capital. I did, uh, I ran it for a year, as you imagine. Tough go in zero eight. We started to do really well in zero nine. But listen, I'm out. That was by far the hardest period of my life. That was, uh, that was by far. I mean, nothing's ever come close to that, right?
Speaker A: Talk me through that. What, what was, I mean, it was obviously hard markets, but you've started, this is your new ambition. You start a new fund, it's like your new opportunity and everything falls apart.
Speaker B: Yeah. And we were a big launch. I mean, we're over 4 billion in assets such at the time, and now it's a big launch. And then, and it was, you know, I had a lot of people with me and, you know, so you feel the stress of everybody on your, on your shoulders and the, you know, Lehman was one of my prime brokers and, you know, my assets got trapped at Lehmanda and, you know, you couldn't even know, you didn't even know what assets you could sell or how to manage it. All of a sudden there's no liquidity in the markets and, you know, credit was coming under pressure nobody had ever had ever seen before that it was, it was brutally hard. I mean, it was just brutally hard. And then, you know, then we had to exit Lehman Brothers and we had to get our assets out of Lehman Brothers. And it was brutal because it was a period of uncertainty and it looked like, you know, we were going to be out of business. And it was hard. I mean, like I say, you know, like a lot of people, you know, walking in every day and I forget there were 50 people or something and, you know, you feel like you got a brisk career on your shoulders. It was not a, not a, and by the way, the huge part was everybody, you know, the capital we had and people entrusting us, it was, that was, I never want to go through that again anyhow. By the way, it's had a big influence on how I met a risk manager today and the idea of how you diversify. And I think a ton about contingent liquidity. I think a ton about how much cash, when I buy illiquid assets, how much cash do I have in the portfolio? But you talk about leaving an indelible mark on how you think about things.
Speaker A: Because people thought markets were the risk, but they weren't. It was who had your assets, who was borrowing on top of the assets? Whose capital was it in the end? All of these things we never thought about before, we'd thought a little bit about in 98 with long term capital, but this was like there was nowhere to hide.
Speaker B: No. And I think one of the things that I think laymen don't, laymen are not in this industry, don't really recognize is it's an incredibly intertwined industry with counterparties and borrowing from others and swap agreements, etcetera. And like when, when one entity go, particularly a large entity, what it does, how it catapults the rest of pressure on the rest of the industry. And that one, I mean, think about all the firms in two or three days that we're going to go out of business. It was extraordinary. But it's because the industry tends to be this intertwined industry and nobody had ever seen that before.
Speaker A: Really interesting. I was speaking to, I think it was the New York Fed sometime afterwards, maybe 2012 or eleven, and I asked them the question that we were all asking at the time. It's like, why did Lehman, why was that allowed to go bust but AIG wasn't? And they said simply, AIG bonds were leveraged 35 times collateral because there were AAA's and Lehman never was. If we'd have let AiG go, the whole daisy chain of everything would have gone. Which is what the ECB then told me in 2012. They're like, we couldn't let, we could let Greece, maybe Spain had gone or Italy had gone.
Speaker B: Italy. Yeah.
Speaker A: It was all finished.
Speaker B: Yeah. No, I mean, it's pretty incredible. History will recount whether it was worth letting Lehman go or were there ways to partner it or put gaffle in. And I don't know. But some of these things have become, just because of financial industry, the nature of gearing and how it works is, can be stressful. I said years before that, I said, why does this industry trade? Shouldn't it trade at a higher multiple given amateur what it creates in earnings Roe? And then you realize, like, wow. I know, I get it. I know, I get it. Why you got to be, leverage can be pretty devastating, William.
Speaker A: So once you join Blackrock and to.
Speaker B: Talk me through your story, may or nine. Oh, okay. So the, yeah, so, you know, things had settled down. My fund was doing, was doing really well. And, you know, we had a, you know, we had a, I would say my partners in my. My firm, we had. We had a tough conversation because some people, like, you know, we knew we could do this, or we thought we could do this, and things are going well, and this is what we wanted to do. And. And I, you know, I thought at the time, and none of us thought at the time black, actually, you know, we were obviously, Blackrock was a fraction of the size, and, and it is today. And, you know, we thought, you know, being in the center of finance versus being on the periphery of finance, like you had, you know, if you had time to do that and the chance to do that, like that would be an opportunity hard to give up. And, you know, also, I was, like, going through the stress we went through for the months prior it, you know, thinking about, gosh, it was a big, respected institution that, that's pretty close to the epicenter of finance. So we ended up. We ended up. We ended up doing it. And you know what? I'm super proud of a huge number of the people that came with me for more than 15 years, or actually, things just hit 15 years that are still with me and are still running a lot of businesses, and I'm super proud of that. You know what they've been able to do. So, yeah, I mean, like I say it is, I think at the time, we had a really, really good team, and I. And it's nice to see a bunch of them doing well today.
Speaker A: Yeah. And also, really smart idea to go to Blackrock because you get rid of a lot of those risks that you didn't want to manage.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Which is counterparties and everything else, because you're within a much broader institution.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, I think one of the things I also learned is I really like investing, and, by the way, dealing with the lighting and the insurance and all the other stuff, but it's like, you know, it's like, I like investing, and I like coming in the morning and, you know, trying to figure out, you know, where should the s and P 500 be versus the Nasdaq and. Or an individual looking at individual companies and, you know, figuring out, like, you know, do we need to redo our reinsurance risk or our insurance risk? Like, that was my highlight.
Speaker A: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back. Whoa.
Speaker B: Landing an account this big will totally change my landscaping business. It's gonna mean hiring more guys and more equipment and new trucks for the new guys to drive the new equipment in. I don't know if I'm ready. You can do this. And Ford Pro finsimple can help. Our experts are ready to make growing pains less painful for your business with flexible financing solutions that meet the needs of your business business today when you need them. Get started@fordpro.com. financing.
Speaker A: No. So talk me through how you invest now because now you obviously got large teams behind you. You're now much more strategic in what you do. You run a number of funds, right. You've got the ETF. Talk us through all of the kind of various parts you run and then we'll start getting into the whole macro view because how you say it, yeah.
Speaker B: You know, it's a huge honor. I run. So we just started this ETF that's grown pretty big. It's called bank. It's a, it's a blackrock flexible income. So it's just given people a, an ETF that we diversify the income as opposed to just a straight high yield fund. We do securitize, we do investment grade mortgages and parts of emerald. So its just given them yield and we manage trying to keep the yield up with a lower volatility than just buying a singular asset. Thats a neat fund. I run a strategic income fund thats a big unconstrained fixed income, allows us to go anywhere in fixed income. I can use some equities, 15% equities, but mostly fixed income tactical around fixed income. So very unconstrained. I can move my duration around. I can run negative two years to seven years. So ive got a huge swath and I can run some shorts. It's not a long short but I can run up to 15% shorts in it. And I run a global allocation fund that is equity oriented, 60 40, sort of a multi asset that allows me to do some commodities usually through ETF's generally, and it allows me to move around debt to equity. So those funds are awesome to run. They're a lot of fun because we can literally go anywhere with obviously some targets and some parameters on the different ones. But yeah, they're fun to run. And I'm pretty intense about like you say about research and analysis and maniacal about trying to figure out how you optimize return per unit of risk and you know, im crazy about data and to try and figure out how to do it effectively.
Speaker A: How did you figure out how to add equities into your mix? I mean its corporate credit trades somewhat like equities, particularly under stress, but because a lot of macro people struggle with equities. How did you get your head around equity risk?
Speaker B: Yeah, a lot of it was starting with this we talked about earlier being an entrepreneur and then being a credit. And I really, really love, I mean, to me, this may not be an inspiring thing, but I mean, to me, like, I like reading a corporate earnings report or a ten k or an annual report. Like, I don't know, like my wife on vacation, she'll say, what are you doing working? You start on vacation. Like, I actually enjoy, like, if you hand me a big companies and like trying to figure out like, how do they drive cash flow? Why are they spending this much on R and D? I know it's a little bit like, it's a puzzle for me and I like trying to figure it out. So that, so, so it's pretty natural to move from credit to equities. Even when I was running credit, I used equities to hedge. But the one thing I will find that woman's opinion about doing equities for as long as I've been doing them now, it's a really interesting thing. I think most equity people that have a heritage of just inequities, they follow earnings, top line revenue growth, and they don't really look at the balance sheet. And so there's three ways companies can generate earnings. It's your top line revenue and it's your gearing and your margins. But gearing is a really, really big deal. And understand how does the cash flow get down to the equity? If you got a bunch of debt on along the way, you're not going to get the cash flow down to the equity anyway. I spend more time looking at gearing and the structure of the balance sheet and what drives cash flow than I think, where most equity people are very much. No, by the way, nothing wrong about it, but most equity people like to follow, like and pretty. If you're a tech company, it's a different gig. Like how am I getting from here to there? But it may be a little bit of a different orientation. But I really like looking at companies. I think it's, and as companies are changing and AI, it's fascinating.
Speaker A: And how do you think about the macro in terms of equities? Or are you all bottoms up? Or is this within your macro framework?
Speaker B: Oh, it's a great question. So I've come to my personal opinion. I don't think top down analysis works. One man's opinion, because I don't think, like people say, well, labor is going to slow. And, you know, this is why employment's going to slow. Like the only reason I think that you can figure out, like I said, for example, when you get an employment report or jolts report, like what's under construction? Why are they hiring? Why are they not hired? Why are not hiring? What's driving the decision around capex? Like, are they spending on capex because the growth dynamics, or is it maintenance? Capex? Whats driving inventories? Why are companies running up or running down their inventories? What are they seeing? I just dont think coming from the top and trying to figure that out works. I think youve got to build up. And so we use so much data and ive been to read so many of these earnings reports. Id really think I learned way more about whats happening in labor from just understanding how companies are doing it. Those who hire, who hire people, like for example, today, like healthcare, like, why are people hiring in healthcare? And you could see it in terms of need for that we've had for nurses and we're not, we still haven't solved that deficit. But, you know, by the way you look at some of these numbers come out, healthcare and education, not cyclical, not interest rate sensitive. Why do people keep hiring? Well, they keep hiring because there's a dearth of those people and you need them. You can't operate in your top line revenue until you fulfill in same thing with restaurants and hotels. But I just think trying to figure out that labor condition from the top using traditional economic models, and there's some geniuses that do on that one man's opinion, I just think it's superfluous.
Speaker A: But then how do you spin your head the other side, which is your trading fixed income, which is much more macro. So you're using two different sides of your brain at the same time, your bottoms up credit and equity, and then top down fixed income.
Speaker B: So it all starts from the bottoms up. I mean, for me it does because so today, another good example, today I think the interest rate tool that the Fed is using is completely blunt. I dont think it works because what happens is you have an economy that most big companies dont really borrow. Today, the companies that spend on capex and R and D dont really borrow. Theyre free cash flow rich. But then you look at the bottom end of the income strata that is really struggling the borrowers. You see this in credit card charge offs, loan delinquencies. We look at the credit card companies and you say, gosh I see what's happening when you look at when Walmart reports or any of the retailers report, it's like you can look at what's happening, why you're seeing more couponing, more promotions. The lower end is getting hurt. You take all that data and say, okay, now I get to now assimilate that. Why is the economy slowly moderating? Slowly moderating because we're pressuring the heck out of low income, small business, local banks. And you see that manifest itself in all the numbers. So I always believe that you got to understand the component parts. And that drives, and part of why I think people get so wrong weight on the fed, not that I get it right with others, but I think people get so wrong weight on the Fed is because I look at surveys. I think surveys are grossly distorted. I think this industry spends way too much time reading surveys. People just, I mean, I think everybody reads the same stuff and they all respond the same way. It's like the surveys don't tell you anything, I don't think. Or I think they're incredibly distracting. Whereas I'd rather dig in and understand, like, what did they actually do versus what they're telling you they're going to do? You mean us? Better than bright, better than me. Markets do what people have to do as opposed to what they want to do. And it's the same thing with companies. Like, if they don't want to hire more people, they'd rather keep their margins up, but if they have to. And so I really believe that's what drives, that's what drives how you think about these things.
Speaker A: How about in the fixed income, where you guys are very big fixed income managers? What's changed the structure of liquidity these days? Do you struggle to move stuff around? Because the structure of markets feels that it's changed significantly after Basel three and a bunch of other things, I'd say.
Speaker B: The market's really episodic. It tends to be, markets go one way, and I think it's led to the growth of a lot of momentum players, whether that is not enough deep capital or what have you, their capital, it's a frictional capital in the markets. But there are times when part of why I don't like trading some markets, for example, inflation breakevens in the tips market, not liquid. Everybody goes the same way. At the same time. I don't even want to do it. So we tend to, when I move around my risk, I tend to do it in the deeper markets. Rates, currencies, equity indices, and then the way we try to look at it is I always bucket my portfolios into four categories, one being the most liquid, where my transaction costs are pretty low down to the fourth, which is like cement. And Im never trading it. I bought it because Im going to hold it for five years and Im going to sit on it. And then youve got to scale it appropriately. But I trade a lot in the active liquid markets. Id move my betas, my correlations around using the most liquid markets. I use a lot of the volatility markets. I trade a ton of equity options because app marketing, you get some depth around convexity. And so. I know, but I think your points are well taken. It is definitely trickier at times. And you think about some of the credit markets, like the high yield market. I think that market trades the same size it did two years ago, other than the index, they trade an individual name. It is brutal. So its part of why in some of the individual names, we own them, we're going to hold them, and then we trade the index to trade our beta around it. But the market is that way.
Speaker A: Yeah. It feels that the demise of bank trading desks has killed a lot of liquidity. That used to be there because there were some big balance sheets that can move stuff around and that seems to have gone. So it seems to be much more flows driven one way or the other.
Speaker B: Raoul, can I throw one at? I think that's right. I, and I think there's truth to that. However, I will say, having been on the sell side for a long time, and I thought I should reduce myself, I try and sell faster than anybody else in private. So I still feel like you had, well, no doubt, like you said, the pool capital was different. I think there's been a democratization of information, though, that has made everybody traveling in the same circles at the same time. Or, and I think that has been a really, really big driver of things over the last few years, that the information flow is all out there and when people get it, they tend to react. And for me, it's changed the nature of how you invest. Quite frankly, the only way to make money in most of these markets is you have to take the risk into the news, because after the news, the market has fully priced it. And so you gotta take the risk into it and be willing to bear the consequences if you are right.
Speaker A: The other way that I found for me what really works, I haven't been a macro guy my whole life running a hedge fund. Everything else is I just entirely changed my time horizon and I went super long term and nobody's there because everybody was down to managing two week p and ls to have their monthly nav reporting. And I found that really works. So how do you think about this balance between long term risk taking, short term trading, and does that bucket move around a lot when you think youve got visibility, how do you think about it, Steven?
Speaker B: Its a great question. So part of why I bucket my assets into, so I think about it more stratified that the tier one stuff, I could trade a lot. I can move my duration around a lot. I cant move some of my individual credit scores. I cant move my bespoke financing stuff from real estate or others. I cant move that at all. So I didnt stratify it. But I would love to have the luxury and all my portfolios have as much time and extend my time, and I just dont. So what Im trying to do is orient cash. If I got a lot of my funds are daily liquidity funds, I just got to run a big pool of liquidity. So what I end up doing is if I think, for example, youre getting paid for illiquidity and assets today, ill, I'll amp that up. But then I know on a multiple basis, I've got to amp up my, what I call tier one liquidity. I got to run away more liquidity than I otherwise would. So I'm always thinking about, like, what are the levers that I have to pull around that having more time is always beneficial. But there's a real, I mean, we run a lot of portfolios that people like may change their opinion and they want to change it tomorrow.
Speaker A: And so, yeah, you've got super liquidity terms, so you have to match that and still totally drive long term returns. It's not an easy balance to take.
Speaker B: No, no, but, no, but quite frankly, it's part of why I like, I like it. The way it's structured is, I mean, I like that. I mean, I really enjoy the dynamism of, you know, the news changes and try and figure out that news and hopefully you've prepared in advance to think through it. And then, you know, oftentimes a lot of the great returns are, you know, talking about like right before the news, know, right before the payroll report. You got to place your bets, as it were, do all your work, all the analysis you can, and then try and do it and then react to what too quickly to what happens. So there's some good returns if you get that right.
Speaker A: How do you think about risk so.
Speaker B: I have a different view than most around, and maybe that's going through zero eight or earlier my career taking a couple of, couple of big hits. You know, I use this expression, make a little bit of money a lot of times, you know, and it's, some of it is a scale of what we run. But I really believe in this thesis that, you know, we got big teams around the world. And so I know toast before, you know, I learned from one of my, one of the, we had an outside speaker, a Wharton, that came in and talked us about how they run, how they run casinos. And he said, how do you think we make money casinos? I'm like, I raised, man, the odds are in your favor. And I've studied this. And, you know, he said, actually only moderately. He said, people come in, they bring $200. This was earlier, they bring $200, and when they lose the 200, they leave. And he said, you think about how markets oscillate. And he said, they go up and they go down. They were thinking about how people gambling, they oscillate and theyre always going to hit the down 200 at some point, then they leave. Well, ive always thought about that. I always thought like, I dont want to hit the down 200. And so I always thought about like, gosh, its a better business to be at the casino than the person who's doing that. So I've always thought, like, if we use really good research and analytics and portfolio construction tools, if we can tilt the odds in our favor, just do it a billion times. And so my thesis has been, just keep making a lot of decisions. And I've tracked this over time. Like in credit markets, less liquid markets, we can usually get a right 70% to 75% of the time, hopefully. And then in more liquid markets, 60, instead of blowing my year up, because, gosh, I think everybody's wrong in the Fed, those markets tend to be pretty efficient. I'd rather make a billion decisions. And so I really run this business of trying to be tactical, make a lot of decisions, let your teams let the odds work for you, and then do it a billion times. I just think that creates what I call durable Alpha. You still go through some painful periods, but tend not to hit the down 200 if you're running it that way.
Speaker A: When you and I were chatting over dinner, we were talking about AI. How are you implementing AI in your process now?
Speaker B: So I'm spending way too many hours trying to figure it out because it's arguably the biggest technology innovation, certainly since the Internet. But, you know, maybe the biggest thing we've ever seen. So there are a bunch of different ways we're going. First of all, I'm convinced he who has, he or she who has the data is going to win. And, you know, so companies that are, I mean, and I think part of why you're seeing this with big business for small business, you're seeing this moat growing is the companies that have the data. You know, you look at some of the big tech companies that have the data and this acquiring all the data, I think those companies win and they'll build their moat. People say, gosh, look at the Russell versus, I don't know, small caps are hard thing today because if you have the data. So that's one, two, trying to figure out the energy implementation like everybody, and think about all the parts around, I mean, the amount of capital it's got to go in. I mean, nobody's ever seen anything and I just don't think there is enough capital and there's enough grid to. So anyway, obviously in the energy space, we think there's some really interesting things to do, both in debt and equity to finance it as well. And then, and then, you know, trying to get into the, into the businesses that are secondary, tertiary, you know, impacted, that are how we're trying to navigate. And, you know, quite frankly, every day, me, including yesterday, I'm meeting people that are in the industry that have an interesting way to do it, private versus public. It requires a ton of capital.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And so we're going to be thoughtful about where we're putting the capital.
Speaker A: What about internally, in your process, are you using AI to filter, to put Rick in a box, as Paul Tudor Jones used to try and build his Paul in the box idea. But this bottoms up process of analyzing all the balance sheets, obviously you enjoy doing it, but AI can do it pretty quickly and efficiently.
Speaker B: I had this honor of, I did a one on one interview with Sam Altman, and I thought, by the way, I realized how intellectually intimidated I could be. Anyway, he said something like that was incredible. He said, augmentation will happen much faster than people think and automation will happen slower than people think. I've been thinking a lot about that. The way we're trying to exploit the opportunity is how do you use data to data assimilation? How do we get our information faster? How do you know home builders are doing this? Let's get the information quickly. What is it regionally? What's happening? That's been huge for us. Then obviously you get all the data, interpret it, augmentation happens if you can interpret it faster and more efficiently. That I think is really big. Second, I think portfolio construction, wed spend a ton of time trying to understand stress testing, scenario analysis. You add an asset to your portfolio, it contributes risk and return potential. How does it play in that sandbox with the other assets? Because its got all sorts of different characteristics. Well, AI, you think about all the planes of when you build a big portfolio, what is every asset doing? AI tech and obviously compute allow us to do that more and more efficiently. So we've been spending a ton of time with it and trying to figure it out. And then, by the way, one thing that I've learned more recently, it's actually what questions to ask that's been a bit of a revelation.
Speaker A: It's hard, you've got to get your mind around how to ask it.
Speaker B: And I think some of the, we're working with a group that's helping us do that, that it's not just that it gives you the information, but it's actually, what is it? Are you asking the right questions? And that has really been fascinating to me, that maybe we're interpreting something in a way that we should think about it differently. That's been pretty powerful.
Speaker A: What shocked me is I've started putting economic stuff into GPT by giving a chance and asking it to give some sort of forward analysis or analysis of where we are. Its not bad. I give it technical analysis charts with DMARC analysis or whatever it is on it, and it can read the charts really well. Im like, this is very disruptive, I dont want to see this because Im an analyst as well and Im just thinking, bloody hell, this thing is moving really fast. The value we could add the augmentation idea to people in this industry is huge.
Speaker B: It's, it is, it is uh, you know, I keep saying to my team, you know, I find like with any new technology, and I've learned over the years that entrepreneurs usually, the idea they started with, it's not what they end with. And like, and it's pretty incredible how people tend to in tech, you know, tend to fail first and it's almost like a badge of honor in tech. If you, if you fail, like look at this and. But it's because you learn and you go, you go in a different direction, whereas in finance you try not to fail. But it's pretty interesting. And I think it's a very similar thing here in terms of how you think about that evolution. And I don't know, it's pretty extraordinary about, and so what I asked my team and what we've been working on is like we're going to throw a lot of stuff on the wall, against the wall and we're going to try this. And is this working? How does that work? Because whenever you're in the, I call it operating in the haze. Weve found this over the years, but I find you cant make a lot of money on a trade or an investment until youre operating in the haze. If it was obvious theres no money in that, you have to operate in the haze. I feel like an AI tonight were operating in that haze. We got to look at this and check that out and see if this is durable and what have you. I feel like were right in the middle of that.
Speaker A: Now here's another question I want to ask you because something I've been thinking through, I think since 2000 there's been a structural shift away from credit as the main financing vehicle for new businesses to equity. Almost nobody can borrow money anymore to start a business. I mean try going to the bank saying hey, I've got this idea to start a software business. They'll show you out the door and think you're a madman. But everything is raised by equity, which changes the risk profile, as you were talking about, because these startups now they lose equity, but there's no debt, so there's no other obligations attached to it.
Speaker B: I also think that it means most new businesses bleed cash early in their life, in their life. And because like you say, if you had a cushion of debt alongside you, you have more time, you dont have time. Now, if youre going to blow through your equity quickly, its game over. So I think when we look at a lot of these investments and we think about weve got to put equity in or we are putting equity in, you really got to think about do they have contractual revenue on the other side? Whats their contingent liquidity? How are they paying staff? You stumble, you got to pay your staff. And when do they become frustrated and leave? Its a very, very different, theres no cushion that like you used to have. It is. And by the way, it usually also means that the equity, that the reward for getting it right is better, often is better because you're getting the equity at a more appropriate price.
Speaker A: Do you think the IPO markets ever recover or do you think it is now a privates driven market where it either goes into PE hands or it just goes into one of the big tech companies or whoever the acquirer is? Do you think the structure of markets.
Speaker B: Has changed wow, that's, I don't know. I got to think about. That's a great question. I don't know. I got to think about that. I think there is, I think the nature of, you know, you think about what drove them. The spac market. I think some of that is, you know, probably put to rest for, for a long time. And, but I, you know, I think durable business models will come to the market. You know, it's a really good question because you think about, I keep thinking about this idea around time, like in the private markets, the benefit of private markets that give you more time. There's a closer interplay with who your sponsors are versus the public markets. Public markets need to see recognition quickly. They're brutal and brutal. And I know a lot of CEO's, quite frankly, don't like the quarterly reporting. And, and so operating in a private can be much more helpful to thinking through your vision and managing your vision. So my sense is the IPO market is cyclical, but I agree. But I think there are some reasons that at least for the foreseeable future, it's probably not going to be what we've seen, what we saw over the last few years and how much you.
Speaker A: Do privates as well, right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: How's that shifted as a percentage? My guess is it's probably gone up for the same reason.
Speaker B: So, I mean, we're in a pretty, I mean, this is nirvana in terms of if you're, and I get why all the money's coming into private credit, and I do, and I can't run, obviously, all private credit, but I, in some life, depending on the font, I could do five to 20% less liquid assets or illiquid assets or privates. And, you know, to exactly what you said. I've never seen environment today, particularly in commercial real estate. Nobody wants to touch commercial real estate because office is imploded. But, boy, there's some interesting things to do in hospitality, multifamily logistics. So the terms you're getting today, for that reason, in terms of cash flow sweeps, parent company guarantees, covenants, structural benefits, warrants attached that are pretty neat. And so it's a pretty good time to be a lender in the private credit. Not just credit, the true form, but real estate, etcetera. So it's a good time to do it. So, yeah, to your point, I've been moving more to that. And then what I got to do on the other side is I got to run more liquidity. What's neat about today is because the risk free rate is so high and spreads are tight in the public markets. It's like I can run a lot of really liquid assets because of risk free rates. Get me so much yield. And even buying things like agency mortgages, you're getting so much yield from agency mortgages or investment grade credit. Then I could use what are normally less liquid assets that are like em or high yield, like lower quality, high yield. How much do I need of that stuff? I'm not getting that much incremental yield, so I can run much more of a barbell and run, you know, own some privates. What would some liquid paper and keep, keep a lot of, you know, keep your yield and your liquidity in good shape.
Speaker A: Do you invest on the privates, on the equity side as well?
Speaker B: I direct investment, yep, I do. And that is, that is, that has evolved. I will say the last couple of years, some of the, some of the stuff we've done in, we don't really do venture, but sort of the second stage, third stage stuff has been, it's been challenging, to say the least. But now there's some really, really good opportunities that are coming. And so we do it, it tends to be, for my business, it tends to be a smaller portion of what we do. But same thing as we talked about earlier, it's a lot of fun to try and understand business models and the potential around these business models. And then it's interesting. Exactly the point you said before. Some of these business models, I think are really good business models because they can't get the cash today are going to go, which is a bad state of affairs, are going away.
Speaker A: I know. And what you're so lucky with, because you're forced to run such a big liquid side when nobody's got cash to do the direct investments, you get the best deals because you've got liquidity just by how you operate.
Speaker B: Yeah. By the way, as a relevant point to what you said before, scale matters today, too. If you can provide, we've had a number of situations where I, somebody says, listen, if you can give me, if you can provide the financing, and I have certainty of financing, that's a really big deal. And they're willing to give you a lot of structural benefits for doing that because you functionally de risk their enterprise. And so we try, not just in my fund, obviously, we try my funds and other funds across our firm. If we can use real scale, there's a benefit, theres a benefit to that. So particularly today where, like you said, financing can be, can be difficult.
Speaker A: Well, because nobody theres been no ipos. So all of these private equity guys are all stuck and they cant release any capital. So the whole markets not doing well. People like yourself, its a good environment. So what gets you excited going forward? What are you looking at outside of? Well, Linda, lets break it down. Two things. Lets talk about the rates market. Your general view on interest rates over time.
Speaker B: I think theyre coming. I think theyre structurally higher because of all this massive spend we talked about in AI, infrastructure, climate. And the us government has too much debt, way too much debt. And so I think the amount of funding they have to do so I think its tries to stay structurally higher. That being said, I think the Fed is going to cut rates and I think they want to and I think they have to because of the pressure theyre putting on low income that we talked about. So I think they will. And I think their mandate is price stability. Everybody thinks the Fed's mandate or the ECB's mandate is two. It's not two. It's price stability as long as you're close to the pin and the economy's operating. So I think they'll bring rate down. So I think rates will come down.
Speaker A: If they don't, how do they finance the rollover of the debt? Right. Because that's the other issue here is the elephant in the room, is Janet's got a very big job to do is to try and refinance all this debt.
Speaker B: They cant. I think the biggest risk in the next couple of years that thats too darn big. And I think weve seen the most immense movement of leverage from the private sector to the public sector. And it used to be, I was on the treasury borrowing committee for a number of years. US treasury loves using treasury bills because you manage the tax receipts of the country effectively, you toggle up and down bills. But we used to issue bills at zero to 1%. We're issuing them at five and change 400 billion a week. It's too big. And it is. So I worry about, part of why I think the Fed has to get the rate down is, a, we don't have as many buyers internationally as we used to have Chinese to be a buyer, Japan was a bigger buyer, etcetera. Banks used to buy, fed used to buy. We don't the buyers. And B, the debt service in this country is going to eclipse our military spend and we'll have no fiscal, the mandatory spend doesn't seem to move because we can't make good decisions on mandatory spend. So, listen, have you said to me, what's the biggest risk in the next couple of years? That's it. The debt is too big.
Speaker A: How I see it is every central bank and government is now basically using liquidity, so they're basing currency to pay for the debts. We see it at every level. Weve seen the game between the treasury, general account, the reverse repo and QT, and theyre pretending theyre doing Qt, but in fact theyre injecting liquidity into the system. It feels like thats the game. The Japanese have done it for a long time. The Europeans have done it. Pretty much everybodys do it.
Speaker B: Think about it. At some point, I dont think its going to blow up in 2024 if the fed is reducing rates and people feel good about the rates will say staple. This is a tremendous amount of income you garner, particularly if inflation is down. Your real rate of interest as investors, really good. But I think over the next two or three years, theres going to be a point in time where the federal have to hike rates or rates for whatever reason are going higher. People say, I dont want to own it. Feds going to have to put it on their balance sheet. You have this very similar paradigm as you described in Japan. We were watching real time play out around the currency. Us is a reserve currency in the world, that is. And the benefits you get from that are immense. I think it's a really dangerous thing. And I think policy, I've said it before and I said to a lot of policymakers, I think we need to address it. And I'm just not sure nobody's going to run for election and win on let's cut the debt in this country. So I think we're going dangerous path.
Speaker A: Not with an aging population. I use the charts of the labor force participation rate and against it, look at government debt to GDP inverted. Theyre actually the same chart. So as the population ages out, the government debt goes up. I dont see a way around this. So I just think of the 1950s and its like yield curve control as well. Japan, Japan led the way on all of this.
Speaker B: So there's only one way out, and I really believe this. And nominal GDP has to eclipse your costs of the debt. So the only way you get there is you have to, hey, you have to bring down the cost of the debt, which I think the Fed's got to do, and I think we'll engineer that. But B, you have to find a way with a demographic. US demographic is aging, thankfully not as bad as Japan was or Europe is, but it is to your point, the fertility rate is not fast enough. The other benefit when it gets in a super controversial area. But immigration has actually helped expand nominal GDP tremendously. What we do with immigration, I'm not a big fan of illegal immigration, but we have to have immigration because like you say otherwise you can't grow nominal GDP fast enough to offset the cost of the debt. And then because the US has this extraordinary ability to innovate in technology, if you can do things that there are initiatives like R and D, tax credits, accelerated depreciation in areas like chip development like clean energy, that if you create enough fiscal programs that have velocity to them versus just helicopter money, keep nominal GDP up, allow, allow appropriate immigration and they keep the cost of the debt down. But it's hard. You got to both have to happen.
Speaker A: My view on this is that you, if we think of trend rate of GDP is population growth plus productivity growth plus debt growth. Let's say debt growth is pretty much broken now. So we've got population growth is falling negative in many places. But even the US has said the births deaths is falling productivity because an aging population has gone down. So I see the battle on two fronts here. I see Europe saying we are just going to throw stupid amounts of money at lowering the cost of electricity and it won't be wasted capital if we can do that. If you get the cost of electricity from price 100 down to price 25, it's a three x multiplier on GDP. So that's one. And the other thing is I just think that the population problem gets solved by AI and robots. They're infinite people in the end. We've got to get put from here.
Speaker B: To there first edge, that's your productivity argument. If you got some exogenous productivity enhancement, which I think you could, that is a really big deal. And you think about what that does, that brings down your costs, brings, that should bring down your cost of debt because you brought down your inflation significantly. That is totally agree. By the way, if thats right, which I think it is, why wouldnt you actually, if youre the government, why would you put money towards making sure you are globally competitive at that and you are running the most efficient forms of that energy, investment in energy which is required investment in chip development, et cetera. But yeah, I completely agree William.
Speaker A: I mean nuclear has got to be one of the big answers here. But politics is slower. It was interesting, I was with a big family office from Italy and they were speaking to the government. It seems that in the background most of the european governments are starting to understand that they can't do it without nuclear. Solar is great. It just doesn't scale because of the.
Speaker B: Storage enough in France and Germany and other places that how the needle has swung. I agree with you. I think solar and wind are also, hydro are also incredibly powerful. Its just really hard to scale at this point. Theyre really hard to scale the size you needed.
Speaker A: Thats right. So whats the one final thing that youre most excited about in the investment world? It can be any time horizon, I dont mind well impose that on you. But what do you think this looks like? People arent seeing this. Its in the haze, but I like it.
Speaker B: So first of all, the AI thing is pretty cool. So, but since that is, people talk about it, we talked about it. I gotta leave that aside. That's pretty, that's pretty cool. I'd say two other things that I find really interesting tonight. One is there's a massive cultural shift towards experiences versus goods. And I think, I think that is an amazing evolution. And you look at that prices for things, for goods that have come down and you look at what people are spending on travel, restaurants, and by the way, I think it's a pretty cool thing and I think it's a good thing. So from an investment point of view, I'm just trying to get in. I mean, what people are paying for Taylor Swift, this is truly incredible, but it's a microcosm of what people pay for a good experience and being together. So I think that's the more digital.
Speaker A: We are, the more digital we are, the more we value those experiences.
Speaker B: Great.
Speaker A: Here in the Cayman Islands in 2020, Christmas 2022 was a pretty bad time for the economy. Record tourist season. Totally because people were bringing their whole families with them because they wanted to get together. And I've observed the same thing. The whole experiences economy is gigantic because we do so much of this Zoom stuff.
Speaker B: Totally agree. And I think, by the way, I think Covid put that into high gear and I'd say the last thing that because I've fixed income level my whole career like this, creating, it's torture when rates are at zero or the dumbest in budget history. Negative interest rates where, oh, I got to buy a yield because I can get two and a half for it. That stinks. Today you can build these portfolios, six and a half, seven portfolios. Sleep at night, marry them to your beta, your private equity, your private debt. Like, that's pretty cool. Like today I'm pretty energized by like, seven is better than two.
Speaker A: How long does it last when you try and lock in as much as you can now for the longest period of time?
Speaker B: I think it's got some legs to it because of, you know, the Fed's going to take time. The ECB is going to move faster, but they'll take time. But I think it has some legs to it. But that being said, you know, I tell clients all the time, like, you know, buying, you don't have to buy 30 year paper. You don't have to buy ten year paper. It's not worth it. But buy three to five year stuff. Just put it away. Boy. It's a pretty good environment, I think exactly what you were describing. We have to reduce the price, the cost of debt for so many reasons. It has to come down hopefully through productivity and lower inflation. It gets there. But if that's right, and the Fed will have to get it there, getting some of this yield on now makes some sense. And it's a neat thing to get to be able to get income at these levels. Raoul.
Speaker A: And also, I love the idea that you had essentially you can make use of that yield and you could put it into risk capital. Totally, which you couldnt do before. You didnt have that.
Speaker B: No. You know this better than me. So you always think about your buckets of risk. And if you said, josh, I now can take my yielding bucket and Im not using a lot of risk for it. It just allows me to use that bucket of risk for other things that have more convexity to the upside. And that's a pretty good investment environment. Not without some volatility to it. There's a downside, but that's a pretty good, pretty good investment environment.
Speaker A: Exactly right. Rick, listen, fantastic conversation. I really enjoyed it.
Speaker B: That's great. I appreciate it.
Speaker A: Yeah. And we'll get you back another stage and we'll chew through what's going on then. But let's see. Let's see how this all plays out. I'm with you. I think the Fed are forced to cut regardless of any other narratives. They just have to bring the cost down. They can't refinance this.
Speaker B: No, there's no way. There's no way. There's no way. Think about it. If you're trying to raise debt, to raise the cost of the debt, to deal with inflation, you're going to simultaneously reduce nominal GDP and bring your cost of the government up. It's like it doesn't work. It's going fully backwards.
Speaker A: Yeah. Somehow we've got to get GDP up. All right. My friend, great to see you. I really appreciate your time.
Speaker B: Thanks for having me. I appreciate it.
Speaker A: All right, take care. Really interesting conversation with Rick. How different, we kind of approach some things. His time horizon is different. He's a much more aggressive trader in some respects, but he's also very risk averse in other ways. He really is a very thoughtful person to speak to. He sees the very big picture down to what happens on the employment numbers. I mean, that kind of level is, is quite something. And some of the very best macro investors can think of. All of those multiple time horizons, I tend to be longer term, as you know. I find it easier. It gives me an informational edge. But if you're as good as Rick, you can get down to short term time horizons too. And now you can understand why Rick has been so successful and manages so much of other people's money. He really, really has learned the lessons on his journey and really understands how to implement his strategies. Anyway, see you next time on the journeyman. Now don't forget, please sign up to the channel here, the YouTube channel. If you've not done so, just click on the button below. It helps me tremendously. Also, check out realvision.com. it's free. It'll help you unfuck your future. It's really important. There's all of the knowledge, tools and network to help you succeed within that. If you remember at the beginning of the video I talked about, the macro investing tool. That's an add on that will really help your macro game. So make sure you check that one out. It's in the real vision marketplace. And if you're a real Vision plus subscriber, you'll get the whole real Vision academy, including how to build portfolios, how to research ideas, how to manage risk, all the things that matter to be a great macro investor. See you next time.
Speaker B: We hope you enjoyed this episode at Real Vision. We arm you with expert knowledge, time efficient tools and a powerful network to help you succeed on your financial journey. Get a taste of financial freedom with our free offer@realvision.com. free. That's realvision.com free.
