Speaker A: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance. Join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten. That's podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Now to the top analysis of today's crypto markets.
Speaker B: DCG's Barry Silbert responds to concerns about his companies amid explosive accusations from Gemini co founder Cameron Winkleboss. We'll bring you the latest in this ongoing saga and Gamefi. We've heard all about it. What the hell is it and why should you care? We'll discuss the current situation and the future of web three gaming with co founder of the popular game alien worlds. Welcome back to the real vision crypto Daily briefing. I'm Jeremy Varlo. Luke Franks is back with me. How you doing, Luke?
Speaker C: I'm good, Jeremy. Good to be back. It's January, it's a bear market. It's tough times, but it's all fine. We're pulling through. It's all good, mate.
Speaker B: It's a new year. I expect big things from the space. Let's jump into the show. Before we do that, let's get into the latest price action. Bitcoin holding steady despite the ongoing DCG drama. It is currently trading around $17,300, which is pretty much unchanged from 24 hours ago as volume remains low. Luke, what's going on over at ethereum?
Speaker C: Yeah, ether is also pretty subdued right now. It's down slightly but continues to hold firmly above $1,300. And given the wider environment, that's probably good news, certainly.
Speaker B: So let's jump into our top stories. We've got a great interview with Sarah McKenna about Gamefi coming shortly, but we would be doing you an injustice if we didn't talk about DCG. We have been covering the ongoing DCG, Genesis and Gemini saga on the show extensively and will continue to do so. If you watched yesterday's show, you will know that Cameron Winklevoss, co founder of crypto Exchange Gemini, had posted an explosive letter on Twitter. This was his way of updating the users of Gemini's earn program. The program was suspended when Gemini's partner, crypto lending company Genesis, halted resent redemptions, effectively locking Gemini earn users money. So we know that's confusing and bear with us. Genesis and Gemini are two different separate companies, but also former partners. Genesis is a subsidiary of Digital Currency Group, or DCG, where Barry Silbert is the chief executive now Cambrian Winklevoss of Gemini believes the buck for what's happening at Genesis stops with Barry Silbert. Winklevoss openly accused Silbert, DCG and Genesis of defrauding Gemini urn users. Winkleboss also called for Silbert to be ousted. Okay, Luke, that's the background to this ongoing saga that keeps delivering new twists all the time. What's the latest on your end?
Speaker C: Yeah, there's a lot going on there, isn't it? A tough one to follow. There's so many companies involved, and that's kind of why it matters so much. So the latest is that Gemini has informed earn users that it's shutting down the program. Some $900 million of Gemini earn funds are trapped at Genesis. Gemini is terminating its agreement with Genesis with the hope that this will force Genesis to return the assets. Meanwhile, we've seen a direct and indirect response to that Winklevoss letter. The official Twitter account of DCG called it, quote, malicious, fake, and defamatory attacks. This is another desperate and unconstructive publicity stunt from Cameron Winklevoss to defect blame from himself and Gemini, who are solely responsible for operating Gemini earn and marketing the program to its customers. For his part, Barry Silbert posted a letter to shareholders, too. He addressed what he called, quote, completely baseless and false rumors around the situation at DCG and its relationship with its subsidiary Genesis with FTX and Sam Bankman Freed. Of course, he also played down the nature of loans between DCG and Genesis, saying they were always quotes at arm's length and at prevailing market rates. Silbert didn't respond directly to Winklevoss's letter, though. So we got some answers, but are left with many more questions. Jeremy?
Speaker B: Yeah, that is certainly the case. One of my questions is why these companies have such similar names. But I'm just going to digress on that point. It makes it very difficult for us to try and report on it and communicate that to you. But like I said, I digress. One more company we're following closely, of course, is binance. Interestingly, they've recently admitted to some past mistakes. What's going on there, Luke? What's the context?
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, Netflix producers are going to have enough content for years to come, aren't they, with all this stuff going on and the documentary has finally come out. But here's the Binance story. So Binance has confirmed to Bloomberg that past mistakes that led to insufficient collateral for its stablecoin here. So according to an analysis compiled by chain Argos, there were times when as much as $1 billion were missing in collateral for the stablecoin Binance peg BUsd. One binance peg busd is meant to represent $1 backed by the reserves of another stable coin bUsD at all times. But that wasn't always the case. It seems the issues with the collateral occurred between 2020 and 2021. A Binance spokesperson told Bloomberg the issues have now been resolved.
Speaker B: Oh, boy. Stable coins and I collateral and backing. It's a tale as old as time in this space. Listen, I know you've got another binance related update. What you got?
Speaker C: Yeah, it keeps coming. So bankrupt. A crypto lender, Voyager Digital, of course, has received initial approval to sell its assets to Binance us. The court approval is conditional on a national security review. The binance transaction includes a $20 million cash payment and an agreement to transfer Voyagers customers to Binance US's crypto exchange. Customers would then be able to make withdrawals for the first time since July. So potentially some good news there, but nothing final just as of yet.
Speaker B: Listen, we'll take any good news that we can these day, Luke. These days, Luke, that's for sure. As we've said on the show in the past, these issues continue to stem from the c five world and c five failures. But there is so, so much positive news and building going on in the space. And one thing I'm super excited about in the blockchain applications is for the gaming world. With that, let's bring in our guest. Sarah McKenna is co founder of web three game Alien Worlds. Welcome to real vision crypto, Sarah.
Speaker D: Hi, guys. It's great to be here.
Speaker B: It's great to have you. I'll be back in a bit to wrap the show with our key takeaways. Luke, Saro, you now have the floor.
Speaker C: Yeah. Great to have you on Saro. So I guess first thing here is your kind of reaction. How are you thinking about the space after all this news, the FTX collapse and everything that we've seen going on for web three gaming, what does that world look like? Because it's interesting that people play games all year round regardless of the market conditions. So what are your thoughts there?
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, firstly, great to be here. Thanks for having me on. All of that news is kind of par for the course right now, isn't it? You know, we've in the middle of this crypto liquidity sort of crisis and one institution after another being affected by the contagion. But as you say, one of the interesting things is that certain applications, and blockchain gaming in particular, have been pretty resilient. My project, Alien Worlds, we haven't really seen a drop off in player numbers. We're continuing to build. So it's of course really unfortunate for the industry. And I think that it kind of is indicative of the fact that this is still a maturing industry, right. It's one that's seen a lot of technical development in the last decade, but also so many new actors coming into the space and also so much money coming into the space, right. And so what that's resulted in is projects growing quickly or there being insufficient corporate governance of companies. And that's something that I think with each successive bear market that we see and then a recovery that happens afterwards, I think we do see the industry getting better and better. So, you know, our project did very well in the last bull run. That's when we kind of launched. That's when a lot of blockchain gaming projects were coming to market and we were one of them. And then we became the largest decentralized application in history. Actually. We broke many sort of thresholds in terms of user numbers and so on. And I think what we saw at that time was that the market was looking for projects with utility and that in itself was better than what had preceded it, right, which were projects that kind of didn't really have very much utility. They had token, they had a team, they maybe had a bit of a community, but there wasn't really much that you could do with that application. Or if indeed there even was an application, sometimes it was just a token. So in the last bull run, I think we at least saw that there was a desire to see utility. And that one of the reasons I think why we were successful in sort of other projects of our vintage were, was because, you know, we clearly had a game that you could play, you know, that was a prerequisite to coming to market. And I think that what we're seeing now is a further maturing of the industry where I think what's being expected is greater and greater utility, greater depth of utility, where it's not just enough, you know, to be able to do some things, you're going to like more and more applications need to be sophisticated. And then of course, you know, when it. That's, that's, you know, how the landscape for decentralized applications like the one that I run. But with respect to more like companies or CFI, I think governance is really the story here. You know, where there has just been lack of transparency, lack of sufficient governance. You have founders being able to front run, you have entities giving preferential treatment to each other, with Alameda getting preferential clearance of orders on FTX. This is the type of thing that just shouldn't really be happening. It should have been better researched and we should, as an industry have known about that. Even the insufficient collateralization behind FTX, apparently nobody was even looking at the wallets. Everybody assumed there was a ton of stuff in cold storage and there just wasn't. You know, I do actually think that although when these things happen, it's sad and embarrassing and will have an impact, you know, on the next six to twelve months. I also think that it's just what happens in an industry that's as young as we are and that has seen such rapid growth. And I think these problems, you know, are being resolved successively with each cycle.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's a good overview and yeah, it's unfortunate, but everyone's aware of it and aware of, you know, this is, that has happened now. And we'll talk about regulation a little bit in a second and what kind of comes next. But, yeah, let's dive into the web three gaming ecosystem because it sits related but parallel to a lot of the rest of the industry. And there's all these words that get thrown together. So we talk about metaverse all the time. That's obviously the word that has huge awareness. Web three gaming, as I say, kind of sits within it, connected but also separate. People talk about Gamefi and play to earn gaming, and it can get quite confusing. And I've seen you do some amazing talks where you explain these terms really interesting. So really well as well. So there's a slide we've got here. And forgive me, loyal, real vision watchers, for defining the metaverse again. I feel like it's what everyone's been doing for the last 18 months, but it's a good place to start because then we can see where gaming fits into this bigger picture. So, Sarah, maybe you could just explain to us your definition of the metaverse, and then we'll dive into the web three gaming ecosystem next.
Speaker D: Sure. So a metaverse is a. Is a digital space where people can come together and interact directly with each other, peer to peer, within a single immersive environment. And so, yeah, you can take each of those parts of the definition in turn. It's digital as opposed to being physical. I think that's fairly intuitive. Peer to peer. This is what's important about a metaverse is that you're directly interacting with people. So if the metaverse has been built out in AR or VR, what that means is that you are actually co located in a space, right? So that if you turn and look at somebody else in the space, you can interact with them. But in metaverses that don't have that visual representation, it means that the actors, the people, are able to interact directly and that they're not having to go through an intermediary, a company that through a proprietary position in the system is able to intermediate the actions of the various players or people in that space. So it's literally a space in which people are equal essentially on the same footing. Which is why blockchain construction is really helpful for that component of the definition, because that's what blockchains do. They give people an identity from which to be able to transact and they prescribe the terms of those transactions and then they make it auditable and immutable. So all of that, the reason why we use decentralized blockchains is precisely to provide trustless peer to peer interaction and then the single environment. So that's, you know, that there's a persistent place. There's this concept of it being a place. So for some people, land is definitional to a metaverse because there's then that is the concept of it being grounded in an environment where you go. It's a persistent place where people can go. I think the use of the term land is not particularly standardized anyway. Like different projects use that term in different ways. But I think it's gesturing towards the fact that we are expecting the metaverse to be a place where we can go. But that place doesn't, I don't think, has to be a place that you put a headset on to go to. Right. It can just be a community that you're persistently involved in and an economic basis upon which you are interacting with each other or a gaming environment that you're all interacting with. So I don't think the place has to be, it's not, doesn't necessarily have to be incredibly literal, but there does need to be a sense of home, a sense where you're going somewhere and you're interacting with people there.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah. Well, kind of link this to alien worlds in just a second and talk more about that project, your project in a second. But we're talking here as well about decentralized worlds. So, you know, outside of meta and Roblox and Fortnite, these are all amazing virtual world experiences where maybe there is trading of virtual assets, but all the value really there is accruing to the centralized player, the meta, the Roblox corporation, whoever it is, and the value is generally accruing with those companies. So we're diving deeper now into the decentralized aspect of stuff. So let's look at the next slide. And we've kind of talked about what your definition of a metaverse there is, and gaming being then on the application layer within this alongside some other strands, some other kind of verticals, things that happen in a shared social space in this way. So maybe you could talk through some of these and kind of how gaming fits into this picture.
Speaker D: Yeah. So once you have a single space that people are coming to, they're able to interact directly, peer to peer, in that place. And there's a sense of it being immersive, that it's persistent, it's something of value to them. Then a lot of activity arises, right. Gaming activity has been the sort of first big breakout thing that people are doing in the metaverse. And I would say related to that is like the social element of that gaming. So the fact that people are coming together, playing games, but because they all own that environment together through the tokens that describe that metaverse, there's a strong social element to that gaming. But other things have been happening in the metaverse too. So commerce and work. You know, I think that we've heard a little bit about kind of the metaverse being a place where a lot of creation is happening. But that creation isn't just artistic creation, although that's also really important and valuable. It's also like commercial creativity, entrepreneurialism. We've seen that in a number of gaming environments. Blockchain gaming environments. It's happened in alien worlds pretty decisively. Especially when we first launched, there was an outpouring of people creating their own NFT, selling them to each other, airdropping them to each other, selling services to each other. An entire business was created within alien worlds by a company that provides data to people in the metaverse so that then they can profile users to do NFT drops. That's called alien world's butler. And that's like a whole business, right? That just operates within this metaverse. So that's the type of thing that happens in a metaverse because of these features that we talked about on the previous page, where it's decentralized, it's peer to peer. People are incentivized to take this kind of commercial position because they're co owners of the space and they stand to gain from it. And then, of course, art, creativity, esports really important component to the gaming activity that we're seeing. So it's a very natural extension of gaming in a metaverse is teams, teams coming together to play and then collectively managing the proceeds of that through daos. And that's something we can talk about.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah. Very cool. Yeah. These interesting strands and the incentives are there when people own part of that system, which perhaps less so in, say, meta horizons, their virtual world there. It's a content platform and people have fun there, but they don't own a stake in it. So it's people working for free there, whereas in these ecosystems, people are accruing value and that has this huge network effect to incentivize people to go and work there and create commerce and create other things that they can sell there. Maybe you could talk briefly about the importance of exactly that, why owning assets outright as an NFT in a decentralized environment is so important. If you own something yourself, you tend to care more about it, care more about the value of it and want to get involved more. Right. Maybe you could just touch on that.
Speaker D: Yeah. So a lot of the sort of self organization or communities kind of organically organizing themselves, we've seen that in alien worlds where they've organized to take over planets. These planets are our daos, but also just organizing into other types of communities, running their, having their own websites, paying someone to create a website for them. This is type of thing that happens, as you know, we've been talking about, because people are co owners of the system, right? So and they're willing to take risk then in order to set something up, to create something, you know, along with people that they've met in that community, to then create something of value, whether it's a twitch stream, whether it's even just, you know, collectively owning a Twitter account and running that and communicating with each other. And I think, you know, that's like a really interesting thing that we're seeing in web three that I think is a little bit different from web two, which is where, you know, in web two, you do have some people able to monetize a position out of that. And those are like influencers, right? The very, very best influencers can just about eke out a living and some of them even, you know, do really well out of their position. But it's such a grind to get there and it's so high risk. I mean, how many people put in hours and hours trying to become a successful influencer and don't? Whereas what happens in the metaverse, because you can own any amount of the token, like small, larger, that makes the sort of, you can kind of graduate your involvement and it makes sense then to do smaller things like maybe you just have a twitch stream or, you know, you just do a few shows on that twitch stream. You don't necessarily have to become really successful and an influencer that actually has a big following in order to still make your efforts worthwhile. And that's because the, the deck isn't stacked against you. In web two, it's like only if you're a breakout success as an individual person can you actually have a position that values your own time. Whereas I think in web three systems where everyone's collectively co owning those tokens to varying degrees, smaller levels of involvement still make sense and are still really enjoyable and fun without necessarily having to become really successful within that context. Although you can also do that, especially by coming together as communities. Yeah, the sort of convergence of people taking entrepreneurial positions but also playing and collectively playing is something that we've seen. And I think that that also speaks to the overall place that the industry is in. You know, we are still working more and more on making more fun games. Right. So I don't think anyone thinks that the standard of games that exist in web three gaming right now, or blockchain gaming, is like where we want to end up in the promised land. It's just that this industry has only been around for a few years and so we've been solving a lot of blockchain problems and then, and raising money and all the different things that you have to do in order to get to the point where you're creating the product that you really want to build. But in the interim, whilst we've been iterating more and more fun actual products, I think the fact that the community still finds so much value in it and still is able to come together to do really interesting and creative things is indicative of the structural features of these decentralized applications that respect smaller people's time and their efforts by design.
Speaker C: Yeah, absolutely. And we'll dive into some specific examples with alien worlds in just a second. We're getting to there and. Yeah, and some stats as well, because this is no small feat. The stats of alien worlds are alienworlds. Absolutely huge.
Speaker B: Hey everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker C: Let's just quickly touch on the play to earn element. And you mentioned it there. And the biggest criticism that comes generally is that people maybe say a lot of the games have their incentives slightly wrong and that they might not be fun. First, people are kind of going to earn money, and then it's more like work than a game. And then maybe in a bear market, some of those other games don't survive because the incentives weren't right. So how do you think about that? It's obviously not the case for Alien world. And yeah, I'd love to hear your view on what's happening there in terms of fun and leisure and play to earn.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think the main thing there is, at least in our case, we absolutely aspire to build more and more fun games and better and better games, and we are doing that. So the release, we've just released our six competitive planet daos. What that means is that we've got these six planets, each of which is a Dao. They're competing with each other for dominance within the metaverse. And the dao itself is playing to earn. So as a Dao becomes, as one of the planets becomes more dominant, it gets more and more of the rewards. And then that community gets to decide how those get spent through the Dao smart contract. So that's really exciting. That's the first time in history that daos have been put into competition with each other within a single environment. And so much interesting stuff comes out of that. You get people. That's a really nice construct for all of the stuff that we've been talking about. People being entrepreneurial, being creative, taking their ideas forward, coming up with social media, nfts, all, you know, lots of different activity. That's sort of providing a structure for them to do that. And it also, I think, interestingly, you start to be able to see how people are behaving within a metaverse environment through that. So when you have a lot of people in a single environment competing against each other, and each of these daos also has a token what you're able then over time, to start to get some discovery where, you know, the same way that Google can understand more about somebody because of, like their search history, for example. Whilst the difference is in the metaverse that you own your own data and you, I mean, everything's public, so in a sense, you own it, right? You're owning your. Your interactions in the metaverse and your account. But it is then possible to start to see and to, and to begin to have products and services that you're directly offering to certain people because you've been able to see or at least what that account has done over time, right? So over time on a planet, say I'm someone who helps to update the lore of that planet or the lore of the metaverse through the lore canonization process that happens on that planet. I then get an NFT that says that I am the scribe for that planet or have been for a certain period of time, and then that confers certain things on me. Right? So, and then that's also something that sits in my account. And then somebody else is able to say, oh, look, that's someone who's interested in lore versus someone else who might be more interested in technology or other things. So this becomes a way for people to accrue reputation within a system, and then that becomes a fairly powerful means for others within the system to sell things of value to them or to, you know, try and involve that person in a project that might be coming up. So by creating better and better products over time, our DAos is an example of that. We actually begin to get closer to the promise that we've always intended, which is really rich experiences that we create as the founders of the project, but also that other people are creating in these decentralized metaverses. And then the network effects that start to happen when you've got numerous sort of centers within a single system that are producing content, producing games, but also producing tokens and the token flows that indicate who the person is and what they're interested in. This then becomes a really rich environment for all kinds of things, including for the gamers themselves, then to create their own games or to sell into. So, yeah, we're definitely at an early iteration of what blockchain gaming is. I think it's becoming better over time, but it's becoming better both because the original founders of these projects are building out the games and because the communities or other companies within those metaverses are also like co building that out at the same time. So you get more rapid development.
Speaker C: Yeah, absolutely. Good stuff. All right, well, let's dive in specifically to alien worlds then, because we'd love to hear a bit about the lore, the game. We've got some gameplay footage. Maybe you could talk us through some of this and just explain to people, if they've not experienced it, what is the game and what's kind of the overall objectives and the different ways people can play as well.
Speaker D: Yeah. So alien worlds is an NFT and Dao metaverse. So you use NFTs to mine for the fungible token trillium on one of these six planets that I mentioned. And each of the planets is itself a dao, and the planet collectively manages its treasury. So as the planet gets bigger gets more strategically important. And that's a function of what its community is doing in the metaverse. Then that planet gets more rewards from the game reward system. So it's playing to earn as a team and also playing to earn individually through using nfts to mine on these six planets. So we have utility nfts. I think this is a really important thing to sort of notice about how blockchain games are using nfts. Completely different from the kind of meme nfts or just sort of purely community nfts that have no utility value. In blockchain games like alien worlds, the nfts are read by our gaming smarteen, smart contracts. And they're like game cards. They let you do certain things. And this is why people then want to earn them. They also trade them, sell them, buy them, in order then to advance a certain strategy. So our nfts, for example, have a much lower dollar amount than a cryptopunks or an apes, but far more owners and more transacted because people are actually looking for them as part of their gameplay. So using nfts to mine on the six planets and then voting and accruing value to those Daos and competing against the other daos within this metaverse. And the lore is that humans left Earth, they went through a wormhole, and as part of that process, they were sort of endowed with trillium, this thing of value, our fungible token. And then they began to populate these planets. And everything is tokenized in this new metaverse. Right? So the tools that you need, the accounts that you have, the tokens that you need, and the land itself is all tokenized. And then these tokens become, you know, instruments within the system that people themselves can pick up and use. Right? So we initially produced many of them, but they get used in different ways in the metaverse. Some of our community have competitions with them. There's burning competition. So some of our nfts are really abundant, right? So people have. Now, by this point, they've earned millions of them. And so they're. They're really cheap. And so the community has a great time, you know, having different events where you have to use a lot of them in order to gain end transfer, to burn them, and so on. So, yeah, I think the sort of idea behind tokenizing so many of the components of the metaverse is that then those become elements that can get used in different ways, even beyond the ways that we've kind of created specific games for.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think going down the wormhole to is a good analogy here to experience. It's a whole ecosystem that's living and breathing kind of on its own. But, you know, lots of people may not be aware of it if they haven't played it themselves, but it's a huge deal. And maybe you could give us some top line stats on stuff as well. I was even looking on DAP radar. I think there's been 13 million transactions between 200,000 active wallets in just the last 24 hours. This is crazy. And it's cool to see that this many users are engaged. So, yeah, I'd love to hear a few stats maybe that you could tell us about.
Speaker D: Yeah, and I think that that really is the story here, is like a large application. So we're currently the largest application in the world, decentralized applications. You can see that on DAP radar. And we also were the first application, as I mentioned at the beginning of the show, to exceed certain thresholds. Like the first Dapp ever to exceed 50,100 thousand users and so on. And at that time, and now we have like eight and a half million lifetime accounts that have been, that have been playing the game. And at that time, people didn't even know necessarily that Dapps could kind of handle that type of concurrent volume. The blockchains just hadn't seen that type of transactional volume before. So, yeah, I think we definitely proved that was possible. And we're actually constructing on three chains on wax, the binance smart chain. And our token is also on Ethereum. So we've had to have inter blockchain bridging technology right from the very beginning. And all of that is decentralized. So, yeah, it was pretty big technical feat to get all of that, like actually functioning and then being able to construct more and more sophisticated gameplay on chain. I think that's one of the things that is relatively notable about our project, is that all of that gameplay is actually happening on chain. So when you do a mine, or you send a spaceship on a mission, or you vote on one of the daos, or you run yourself to be a custodian on one of the daos, you stake tokens into one of the daos. You can then go onto a block explorer and see that you did that. That's really cool. I think that it's amazing that we have chains that have the smart contract technology to be able to write that type of gaming logic right onto the chain. That doesn't necessarily mean that we will always continue to build all of our gaming logic on chain, because it's quite expensive and it's not always like, incredibly necessary. But we just had. We were definitely purists at the beginning and we thought everything had to go unchained, so we did. And we've proven a lot through having done that and it's been an amazing journey.
Speaker C: Yeah, absolutely. It's super impressive. So, yeah, thank you so much, Saru, for telling us, us all about alien worlds and, yeah, encourage people to check it out for sure. Jeremy, I think we've got some viewer questions we're going to go to now, so let's have a look at that.
Speaker B: We certainly do. It's almost time for viewer questions, but really quickly before that, for those of us watching on the real Vision website, thank you for that. If you haven't signed up there yet, check it out at real vision.com crypto. It's the best way to get early access to real Vision crypto content. If you're watching on YouTube, as always, please like and subscribe. Hit that notification bell so you never miss. When we go live, we're going to jump into some viewer questions here for Sarah. We have Falkor on YouTube asking if there are 3d gameplay in, in the plans for alien worlds once political, real estate and economics are established.
Speaker D: So I think that what we're looking at is. So we're a decentralized game, right? So what that means is that we build certain things, we build the smart contracts and we build a user interface, but we're also really concerned to build components the community itself can use and to create the platform that the community can then extend. Right. And build their own games and so on from. So I think that it's not core to our strategy right now to be building out that type of graphical layer in that way. I think actually what we're more focused on is creating narrative components that are in themselves sort of fungible and can be used by the community. So what I mean by that is like characters as NFTs or lore components as NFTs, or a lore canonization process that's decentralized and allowing then the community to have a creative environment that is co owned by us and theme, and then further extending the capabilities of the DAos. So the Daos then being able to run more of their own games, having more latitude over what they do, an autonomy roadmap for the Daos. These are things that are really core. We also have a fighting game in our roadmap. There has actually been a community created player versus player game that was incredibly gratifying to see. So a community development team created a fighting game using our nfts, and we're going to be doing the same and then creating an arena in which both our fighting games, but also the community created fighting games are sort of displayed so that users can kind of, like, go between the arenas. And this is, I think, probably more. More core than for us is figuring out ways that we can platform community building. Right. So rather than like, we're not the focus, actually, we've created certain foundational pieces to the metaverse, but we're more interested in figuring out ways of creating the components that the community can take forward in a decentralized way. And how does that actually work in real life? That's a big challenge.
Speaker B: I love that. I love just that last part that you said there, that you've built the foundational components of it, but you're allowing the community and the actual players to create. Create the game that they want to see. I've got just kind of piggybacking off that 3d question, you guys. Being at the top of the web three gaming space. I'm a PlayStation user myself. I know that my friends are interested in when is blockchain gaming going to be coming to those platforms, PlayStation and Xbox. I don't know if you've had any of these conversations. If you have a timeline on that might be the case.
Speaker D: That's a very interesting question. Distribution channels for blockchain gaming have not really been available in many ways. Right. So we can't even get onto necessarily the app store. And that has, I think, led, actually, that constraint has led to us just finding direct routes to reach consumers. Right. I think that there is a process to go through for the gaming industry, the web, two gaming industry, to figure out where it stands in terms of blockchain gaming. And, you know, thus far has been, you know, relatively negative. So, yeah, we don't have plans right now to become a console game because we're just not hanging around to be throttled by third parties. That's kind of how we do. We just find direct ways to do it. But I hope I. We would love to. I mean, it's not something that we wouldn't like to do. It's just not something that's been particularly available.
Speaker B: Fair enough. That's purely a selfish question because I've tried to run some of these games on my MacBook Pro, and they just chug along. So there might be a gaming laptop in my future this year. Another question that we have for you coming from Gladiator Conan on the real vision discord. How are you guys viewing so rare? And if you don't know what so rare is, it is a digital collectible game for fantasy sports where you can set a lineup based on you basically collect these digital trading cards and you can set a lineup to play fantasy sports against your friends. I don't know if either of you are familiar with this, if you have any insight on that.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think so. Is a great, great project. You know, one of the things that they managed to do was to create NFTs that had a lot of value, but that still had something that you could do with them. And that was a pretty important thing to crack because up until then, a lot of the NFTs that were reaching those types of dollar values were purely social in their value. So I like Sora as a project. I think that they've managed to, you know, the dollar value of their nfts exceeds ours, for example, because people really like these sporting nfts and the particular things that they can do with them are really compelling for people. So I think that's great. And at this point in the blockchain gaming space, I think a success for one is a success for all. We helped people to see that you could have that kind of transactional throughput on a blockchain game that had never been done before. And projects like so rare help people to see that you could get really high value nfts that weren't just purely collectibles and where there was still some like the fantasy team building that you could do with them. So, yeah, I think that that's really positive.
Speaker B: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real vision crypto daily briefing.
Speaker E: This podcast is sponsored by Ramdhenne. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what with each vendor. Ramp's software collects and verifies receipts instantly. To save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approval, expense categorization, and bill payments, time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use Ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker. Adding ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get dollar 250 when you join Ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy. Ramp.com easy remp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank and celtic bank members have DIC. Terms and conditions apply.
Speaker B: Very good point, Luke. Any insights on that yourself?
Speaker C: Yeah, I think there's a lot of things here, isn't it, that we're in the early stage of all of this and it's very easy to judge it as a fully finished product, as if it's been out there for ten years plus in terms of the whole web three game gaming ecosystem. But we're working a lot of this stuff out and yeah, it's interesting. It's a great time to be involved, for sure. You're talking about coming into PlayStation and regular players of games now, and there's that criticism. Or people don't seem to yet understand the full potential of owning their own digital assets and all of that and trying to unramp the next wave of players. And a similar thing happened with the first free to play gaming models. At first, there was a bit of resistance there and people didn't like it. So how are you thinking about the adoption from that sense that people kind of. Of understanding this stuff and the ease of on ramps for maybe free to play players from the web two world to come into web three? Do you think that's a big piece of the puzzle that needs to come next?
Speaker D: Yeah, for sure. Onboarding is massive. Ease of use of wallets, ease of setting up wallets. I mean, that's even improved so much just in the last two, three years. Right? So we absolutely expect and ourselves are working on like wallet technology that will make onboarding a lot easier, acquiring your crypto to be able to play. This has sometimes been a real obstacle for people to. Depending on what country they're in, for example, and which payment mechanisms are accepted and so on. So there are major hurdles. And in fact, I think it's, in a way, it's testament to how much people want to engage with these. These dapps that they actually managed to get through those hurdles, actually, because sometimes those hurdles are pretty significant and even have been in our project. So, yeah, super, super important. It's something we take very seriously. You know, it's such a good point around how mobile gaming was like, disparaged, frankly, when it first came around with the preceding PC games and console games, saying that they just weren't really games, right, because the graphics were so bad and the gameplay mechanics were just so different from proceeding or other types of games. Like, if you're just on a screen playing angry birds, that's a very different type of gaming experience. And yet we have come to accept that and there's nothing, that's not a game, it's just a different type of game. Right. So, yeah, for sure. And I think that that's a good part. Like, that's a sizable explanation for why there's been, you know, resistance to blockchain gaming from the traditional gaming space is just that sort of, it feels like different and foreign and it doesn't feel like a real game. And so you kind of have to expand your horizons a little bit about what that, you know, if people are doing it, they're having fun and they're getting something out of it. So you've got to sort of understand why. But then I do think that there's like something that we have to take responsibility for in blockchain gaming, which is that, you know, the narrative, I think when it came around was like, NFTs are just going to start to be part of every existing game, but then concurrent with that was this bull run in NFT prices. Right. So if I, you know, if I was a, you know, a traditional gamer who maybe like, you know, people love the games that they play. They played them for decades and they spend a lot of time in them. So if you're being told this thing that I value so much and that I love is now going to have something that intermediates my access to it, that might go up in value just, you know, by any multipliers and that that might then be an impediment to why I can get to play my beloved game. I can see why there was resistance to that. So, you know, that's also, that also speaks to how as each of these cycles comes around and as we build deeper utility into these projects, the speculative like highs and lows, I believe, will, will become less pronounced, right. So we're not going to be seeing the kind of hundred x's, but the much lower, you know, swings and then tokenization doesn't become as scary a thing. Right. And in fact, it becomes what we all know it to be, which is really empowering for average users that then will become, I think, what people are able to see rather than just. You mean I'm not going to be able to play the game that I love because suddenly the NFT, you know, I've been priced out of the NFT.
Speaker C: Yeah. Yeah, it's a big discussion and, yeah, it's well covered, for sure. That one's from Deso syndicate on YouTube. So thank you for that. Twinson, eth has a question. Do you think l one layer, ones matter when it comes to play, to earn, how are you thinking about, you talked about different activity on chain, how you think about layer one and layer two and how that all integrates.
Speaker D: Yeah. So the first thing is, you know, the protocol that you build on has to be decentralized and has to work really well. That in itself has been a major challenge. Right, because the blockchains where people felt a high degree of confidence about their decentralization, namely ethereum of the smart contract chains, then became too expensive to transact on. Right. And so then people started to look at other chains, but then you could become a fairly sizable project on the chain, and, you know, your strategic relationship with that chain then can become a little bit more difficult. Right. So it's really important that, that Dapps are being built on a foundation of real decentralization. And, yes, it matters because it matters that you're able to encode sufficiently sophisticated logic on chain and that you're then able to transit, that your users are able to transact economically. So, you know, the chain that we. That we've built, most of our gaming logic on wax has been that largely, although there are some onboarding challenges now. We've also built on BSC, for example, which has also been good, although at times a little bit more technically challenging. And we haven't attempted to build any game logic on ethereum because we just have the token residing there. So. But, you know, I think the real story with layer ones is just kind of like how much better they're getting over time, and all of the sort of attendance ability to build side chains and sister chains using the same code base and then using the same pool of validators and the wallet technology, all of that is becoming much more standardized and much better. And so now when we look at how we're going to continue to build out parts of the metaverse and which chains we're looking at, a lot of that is much more standardized and just much more powerful. So it's improving a lot over time, just in the few years that we've been around.
Speaker B: That's awesome. Thank you very much for that, Saro. I'm going to jump into our key takeaways here. Sarah, we're coming right back to you for yours in just a moment. But first and foremost, I can't wait to try out the game a little bit later today. I hope that my MacBook will be able to handle that, because, as I mentioned, it has not in the past, but we are still in the early stages of web three gaming, creating better and better products. Over time, you get closer to the promise of really rich experiences first, and then the monetization aspect and network effects then take care of themselves. Blockchain gaming, as Sarah mentioned, has been very resilient in this bear market. Developers continue to build and players continue to adopt and play. And as I mentioned, as gameplay continues to improve and utility continues to grow, the space will certainly mature. Sero made a very, very good definition of the metaverse earlier in our talk as a digital space, to come together and interact directly with each other in an immersive environment. But it does not have to be a place that you go, but rather a community of shared interests. Some may even argue that something like Twitter is its own metaverse. In a sense, people are co owners of that system and work together to create something of value, earn from that, and in turn grow that network. Now, not only gaming exists in the metaverse, but also opportunities for commercial interests and work. Commercial creativity is a huge opportunity, and we see with large corporations and organizations looking to the metaverse, like Nike, Adidas, Louboutin, Dolce and Gabbana, they are all kind of flooding into the metaverse as we speak. And I suspect I, there will be far, far more companies coming that way shortly. I want to go back to Sarah just very quickly for your key takeaways this afternoon.
Speaker D: Yeah, I guess one addition that I would make to your final point there is it's not large companies, but also just any average person who has an idea come to the metaverse, because it's a great place to check out that idea, to trial it in a liquid active market with people who might share your interest. Great place to test out business concepts and to start small and grow very fundamentally. Entrepreneurial environment and other great takeaways, I think, would be really the point about the bear market now is that what we're doing is building deeper utility. Go to DaP radar, see these applications, these decentralized applications that are building at scale. Check out blockchain gaming as one of the breakouts stories of utility versus the speculative value of tokens, for example, and that this is the future of this technology, is, of course, people using it. And that as we build better and deeper utility, we get stickier communities, more and more co owners, which then, I think, will be smoothing out some of these cycles that we see, which are a function of both the immaturity of the space, but also the fact that so many participants are, you know, feel the need to get in early. Once utility is the reason why you're there, there's no sense of needing to get in early. You're, you're there and you're building a long term community and position over time.
Speaker B: That's incredibly well said. Thank you very much for that, Sarah. I just want to pop back to our friend Luke. Any key to a takeaways for you, sir?
Speaker C: Yeah, I need to add really that, you know, whether you grew up a gamer or not, if you did, you'll understand a lot of these dynamics and incentives and what's going on here won't be completely alien to you if you're not a gamer. You know, it is fascinating what is happening, and these numbers are so huge, even in this bear market says a lot that people are there and they are playing. Gaming is the biggest entertainment category in the world, bigger than the music and film industry put together. So there's a lot going on here. There's a whole beginnings of a crazy, amazing, fun, crucially, ecosystem that's been created. So it's good time to dive into this stuff and yeah, thanks so much, Sarah, for coming on.
Speaker D: Thanks so much, guys. It was such a pleasure to be here.
Speaker B: Thank you very much, Sarah. We'll have you back again sometime. That's the end of our show today. Of course, for those of you watching on YouTube, if you're not a real vision crypto subscriber yet, don't forget it's completely free. Head to realvision.com forward Slash Crypto subscribe. Hit that notification bell here on YouTube for good measure as well. That way you'll always stay up to date with the latest crypto news and analysis. We will be back again tomorrow. Bill Barheit from Abra will join us live. We will be here at noon Eastern, 05:00 p.m. london time, live on the crypto daily briefing.
