Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30.
Speaker C: 30 baby get 30 baby get 20.
Speaker D: 2020, baby get 2020.
Speaker E: Bid to get 15.
Speaker C: 1515 just $15 a month, so give.
Speaker A: It a try at Mint mobile.com switch.
Speaker E: $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited more than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker C: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance, join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten. That's podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Now to the top analysis of today's crypto markets.
Speaker B: Is this moment a crypto inflection point? We'll discuss whether the banking crisis is an opportunity for a crypto breakthrough or a rosy start to a very difficult chapter. Welcome to real vision crypto daily briefing. I'm Ash Bennington. Today I'm joined by Dan Roberts from decrypt and David Nage from Arca. Welcome back to the show, gentlemen.
Speaker F: Thanks for being us.
Speaker B: Plenty to discuss, indeed. It's one of those days. Where to begin? Let's first take a look at price analysis. Boy, what a response from crypto to this banking turmoil. We're seeing a huge rally. The total crypto market cap is up 11% on Coingecko to $1.18 trillion. We have just received important macro news, of course, which could partially explain this rally. I don't know if we think about it. Talk about that in a second. The consumer price index rose 6% in February compared to a year earlier. That's the slowest pace of inflation growth since September 2021. Still, the slowdown has been modest. I'm just going to read out of this table here. If you look at ex food and energy, this is core CPI month over month prior month 0.4% increase consensus this month 0.4 increase consensus range 0.3 to 0.5. We came in actual 0.5. Half a percentage point up month over month on core. That's above consensus, above consensus range and above prior. I'm not sure what we're celebrating here. We're going to talk about that in just a second. Let's look at cryptocurrency prices. Bitcoin is up a staggering 18% over the past 24 hours. It has skyrocketed above 26,000 for the first time since June of last year. That's around the time that Terra Luna collapsed. Meanwhile, ether has gone up some 10% since this time yesterday. It's trading at more than $1,750 right now. That's the highest level for ETH since August of 2022. Ok, viewers, please join us in the conversation. We'll put down your questions in the chat wherever you're watching. We'll ask the best ones on air later in the show. Remember, real vision members take priority, but the good news is real vision membership for crypto is free. With that said, let's bring in our guest. Dan Roberts is the editor in chief of Crypto news outlet decrypt. And David Nage is a portfolio manager specializing in venture capital at Arca, the digital assets investment company. David, let's start this with you. Thoughts on this extraordinary market rally. What are we celebrating here, man?
Speaker F: Celebrations or.
Speaker B: And I think we may have lost David. David, you're back. Try it one more time. I think you froze up.
Speaker F: I would say that it's. I don't know if we're celebrating or we're seeing the first real kind of thoughts that we've had about digital assets, about bitcoin come to fruition. Meaning that what we've seen over the last 72 to 96 hours, we've seen three banks over the course of the last few days be closed. Obviously, 100% of those deposits being insured by SVP and by signature bank. But we have seen the closure of banks. We've seen Americans especially understand the difference between insured and uninsured deposits. We've seen that there is a stark differential between having assets at a bank or having bearer assets like bitcoin. And so I think we're coming to a point in the market of bitcoin, of digital assets, of the entire ecosystem, where people are understanding that this is no longer just a speculative asset, that this is an asset that you can have in your portfolio to potentially safeguard from these types of events. If you look back to the days of the greek financial crisis about a decade ago, you started to see the effects of hyperinflation, and you started to see the effects of bank closures. You started to see bank runs. You started to see lines of Greeks looking to try to get their monies out of those banks. And so we started to see that, candidly this weekend, at certain banks along the coast of the United States. And so, for possibly the first time, we have seen the american citizenship wake up to the fact that their assets are no longer, as we say, the difference between insured versus uninsured. And that in all sense, and we wrote about that this weekend, that the assets in banks are not really assets, they're liabilities. The banks actually have to use those assets. They use them to lend, they use them to buy treasuries. And they did a lot of that activity over the last few years when the RFR, the risk rate was 1.5%. And of course, now, because of quantitative tightening, we're at 4.54.75. And so the assets that they have bought with our deposits are now, you know, mark to Mark. If you look at that, mark to Mark, they're actually at a loss. And so these are all things that the american public doesn't really pay attention to. Mom and pop on Main street. And that's obviously commonality that we say mom and pop in Main street that has a small medium business doesn't necessarily look at a ten k or ten q of the bank that they're putting their assets into. That's typically very convoluted and difficult analysis that some of the smartest people in the hedge fund industry do on a day and day basis, not someone who's running a small medium business. And so now we're in a place where people actually may have to do that.
Speaker B: Well, I don't know about small and medium sized businesses, but if I were Netflix and we're making a $487 million deposit, I'd probably take a look at the Q's and K's. Dan, jump in. That sounds like a very rosy view from David. A secular thesis for crypto and the role that it can play in the future of the global economy. What are your thoughts?
Speaker G: Yeah, I think David makes the very popular pro crypto rah rah case right now, which is fair, which is that you watch what happened with these banks, and it makes the case for crypto look pretty good. I think that's part of it. But you could also just have the take that this is risk assets. Popular. Again, you look at what just happened and you say, ok, we basically had bailouts. I don't know if we're using that term or not. There's some debate about whether this was a form of a bailout, but it is extremely ironic that crypto would rally on news of government intervention in a banking crisis. What are we doing here? The whole point was it was supposed to be separate from all that stuff. But as we know, in the last few years, crypto prices have been very tied to the mainstream markets. They've been tied to stocks, they've been tied to the Fed and inflation. The idea that it's a hedge and it's totally separate has not really been true for a few years now. You know, you really saw the rally start on Sunday night when we saw that joint statement from the Federal Reserve, treasury and FDIC, and it was like, all right, baby, we're back to the races. I'm going to load up on crypto again. We know that in the last week, outflows from institutional funds, I think were like an all time high or the highest in many years. So the institutions are running for the hills because they get scared now they're going to come back and say, okay, risk assets are back on. The other thing I think that needs to be mentioned is that USDC, which is the number two stablecoin by market cap and arguably the most trusted, I'm sure tether folks wouldn't like to hear that, but it's the one that is viewed as the most buttoned up, had a major crisis over the weekend and sank to $0.87, which I think it's fair to say should shake confidence in the very idea of a stable coin. But the problem was circle had 3.3 billion in Silicon Valley bank. As soon as the Fed statement said, we're going to insure depositors and backstop, USDC regained its peg and all the crypto people went, oh, good. Okay, we're back, baby. Which, again, kind of funny, but that's why this whole past 48 hours shored up confidence again in crypto.
Speaker B: Well, Circle also released a statement saying that they were going to guarantee the peg at one to one as well prior to the. I can see the skepticism by the look on the tilt of the head.
Speaker G: Dan, how can they. Right. I mean, to a certain extent, they can't always guarantee it, but sure, that helped.
Speaker B: Well, they were, they said that they were going to restore, restore the convertibility or resume exchange on, on Monday. Remember, this was, I think, 3.3 billion of some $45 billion in USDC reserves or thereabout. Let's sketch out the major cases here, because to me, the sort of the thesis, it's like this, like a battle royale of the thesis here, because they are in diametric opposition to each other. On the one hand, you have the case that I think, and I don't want to put words in anyone's mouth, that I think that David was making, that we begin to see the value in crypto from a philosophical perspective, as an off the grid store of value, as an alternative to the us banking system. This is something that particularly bitcoiners have been very eloquent about in the past. This notion that bitcoin can serve as a kind of e gold, digital gold, something that is not subject to global central bank debasement. That's one thesis. Another thesis is that we're in this weird period where it looks like that we're in that 2007 2008. Good news is bad news, bad news is good news. The world is upside down. When you see negative news, the expectation is that there's going to be additional central bank liquidity, or in this case, perhaps the absence of tightening or a pause in tightening. That's one thesis. The other, again, the flip opposite of it. It's kind of like saying, you know, I'm either going to move because New York is too hot or it's too cold, right? It's like, which one is it? Another thing floated out there that there was this. Dan was talking about this idea that you see people moving away from stablecoins and into bitcoin because they view that as a more stable view of value. I'm not sure. What about the credibility of that argument? It's just one of those weird moments where you hear people arguing two diametrically opposed views to make the same case. Where do you guys come down on that?
Speaker F: First and foremost, I want to make just one clarification. You mentioned Netflix or Roku, obviously holding assets and SVB.
Speaker B: I met Roku.
Speaker F: There were also thousands of early stage startups, not just web three crypto startups, but early stage startups that are trying to build our future today that were holding their assets, that they raised at that bank. These are people that we see every single day on the streets. These are people that we seeing when we drop our kids off to school, when we go on a line at a grocery store to buy groceries. These are people that are building our businesses for our future. And so these were the people that were affected and the actions that were taken to ensure those deposits and ensure further work and payroll that were able to be made this week are critically important, in my opinion, for american innovation and also for the future of venture in this country.
Speaker B: Extremely important point to make there, David, and I think that's spot on. Go ahead, Daniel.
Speaker G: Well, I was going to add that there have been a lot of misconceptions over the past few days. Right. Yes, it is true. That the run on SVB, I mean, 42 billion in withdrawals in a day, that'll do it. That was heavily influenced by already rich VC's fomenting panic on Twitter. That said, it isn't true, that it's just VC's and already big tech businesses that had their money in there. So I'm glad David said that. I think a lot of people had the misconception that SVB was like only the bank of existing successful tech companies. And that's just not true at all. It was very entrepreneurial. There were small business owners mostly, and that's why it is so important that they came in and kind of rescued. Again, we can debate whether it was a bailout, but I'm glad David made that point. I think a lot of people have confusion about just how systemic the risk was. You know, there was a tweet from Jason Calacanis on Saturday in all caps, and it said Americans are going to be lining up at their banks on Monday to take out all their money. This is going to be terrible. And it's like someone responded and I thought nailed it and said, no, you are out of touch. 98% of regular folks don't even know this happened. Now I don't know if 98% was an exaggeration, but I think there were kind of two universes here in terms of the awareness of these three bank failures in the past twelve days.
Speaker B: Okay, let's sort through some of these points.
Speaker F: Let me make 1.1 quick. There is an issue that many people are not even paying attention to, and that's the issue of cascading effect. And so you have thousands and thousands of startups that have parked their capital at SVB and signature bank and the potentiality of them being locked out or only getting the 250 of insured on Monday and getting certificates for the other value to be paid at some later date, whether it's six months or ten years down the road. What happens is that those small businesses pay vendors, they pay accountants, they pay for soda distribution, they pay for snacks, they pay for paper, they pay for computers, they pay for services. This eventually has a cascading effect where if those businesses are shuttered or they can't pay payroll or they can't pay for normal operating expenditures, it has a trickle down effect.
Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely. Spot on. You can't pay for cloud services using receivership certificate. But let's talk a little bit about this idea. The idea that the sort of the mom and pop thesis, it's very hard to have more than $250,000 for most individuals at a bank account, that's a very. In a demand deposit account, that's a very rare and unusual occurrence. 500,000 for companies, couples, even high net worth individuals have brokerage accounts. They hold money in treasuries. This is about largely small businesses. I think the Roku story is an interesting one, because it's just such a weird one off that $487 million in cash was being kept at this bank. But there were lots of smaller startups, lots of smaller businesses, medium sized businesses that were banking with Silicon Valley bank. One of the things that's come up is this idea of services tying. The Wall Street Journal reporting that some folks that they spoke to, that the Journal spoke to, asserted that in order to be eligible to get loans under the terms of their loan agreements with Silicon Valley bank, that they had to do all of their banking there. I'm not sure that that's been confirmed yet, but that was the word that came out based on some interviews the journal had done. This is an incredibly complex issue. The other point, David, that you alluded to, I think, was the fear of capital flight from regional banks, more generally to the GSIBs. These are the global, systemically important banking institutions. In other words, everyone who had banking relationships with JP Morgan or Wells Fargo or Citi wanted to make that transfer before they knew that SBB was being backstopped. That would be a very bad thing to see the economy effectively relying entirely on four or five systemically important banks. I think that was really one of the very big drivers of this from a public policy perspective. In addition to, I think that the unique risks that a collapse in the tech sector with among small and medium sized business would have played in the economy. Jump in. David.
Speaker F: Yeah, I agree with that. And getting back to your question about it seems that there is a little bit of a bifurcation between the idea of a stable coin, obviously, with USDC, versus a bear asset or something likes of bitcoin. When you have USCC, that is something that is a digital asset that has been supported by a basket of securities, typically to maintain a peg close to $1. So for those that are not familiar with it, just to give you the mechanics behind that, with USC, it was using a basket of predominantly short duration us treasuries to back that, and even had folks at Blackrock to, to provide support on that. So it had incredibly high level of institutional support there. But to Dan's point, why do we celebrate when SVP, where circle has $3.3 billion, potentially locked why do we celebrate? That is, again, because the idea of a stable coin is something that is provide a stable account, a stable usage, not a medium of, or store of wealth, or something that has potential, accretion and value. It's something that we can use every day, something that we could potentially use to buy a coffee, something that we can use to pay a mortgage. These are things, though. This is something that, again, I think a lot of the market is missing is that we're not there yet. There have been instances where you can pay for coffee with bitcoin using some sort of a process where you have an exchange that gives you a QR code. You send them bitcoin, they take the bitcoin, bitcoin, they give you the QR code to buy coffee at Dunkin donuts or Starbucks, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. It's not just a place where you could say, oh, I have USDC, like Apple Pay and pay for coffee, or pay for your mortgage that way. And so the uses of digital assets, especially stablecoins, have not bubbled up and have not matured to the point where we can go completely through a digital asset to do the daily live activities that we have today. We're not there yet. And so I think that's important that a lot of people are missing. Well, why can't we just go completely into crypto? Why can't we just use digital assets for everything? It's because the day to day activities that we have bill paying, paying for the coffee, paying for child support, paying for schools, things of that nature. Not everyone takes digital assets these days, but there are innovations that are starting to allow us to use those, repatriate them into.
Speaker B: Yeah, go ahead, Dan. Did you want to pick up on that?
Speaker G: Its 100% right to point out that this is not an everyday asset. No matter which coin you choose, you want to do stable coins, you want to do bitcoin. Thats why. Of course, its still frustrating. We have to remember a large portion of the population, especially more conservative, traditional investors. They still, after 13 years and change, they point to bitcoin and they say, well, I cant use it easily to buy my morning cup of coffee. It has failed. And it's like, yeah, but it's really not an everyday currency. No one's trying to make it. That I shouldn't say no one. But that was supposed to be the big promise of stable coins was, wait a minute, stable coins are going to do what bitcoin was supposed to do a few months ago. We interviewed the founder of Compound, which is an interesting DeFi platform, and he was saying stable coins are going to be what everyone uses. It was the most bullish thing I've ever heard. He said everyone's going to flock to stable coins because they're fulfilling the promise that bitcoin has failed to deliver on. Well, none of them have done it yet because you just, you wouldn't use it for your everyday purchases. But that's okay. But that's still why my issue with the argument that, you know, people are waking up and discovering the store of value proposition again, I don't know, has it really been a store of value when it's this wildly volatile? But the bitcoin people have to go back to store value because it's certainly not an everyday currency. I think it's enough that it's a payment rails that is much faster, more frictionless, much cheaper fees. That was one of the original value props of crypto, was send money overseas instantly and more cheaply. But certainly there are a number of different reasons why people are getting back into it in the last few days. And I think the failure of three banks rapid fire in twelve days certainly helps the idea that we need some other form of money here.
Speaker B: Excellent point. I want to move on, actually from the macro to talk about what's happening in the banking system. By the way, I should say bitcoiners would make the argument that it's probably going to be lightning network or another l two inbound from the bitcoin is coming to you, Dan, I'm sure as soon as the show is done. Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker H: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium Wireless.
Speaker A: 15 1515 just $15 a month, so give it a try@mintMobile.com.
Speaker E: Switch $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited more than 40gb per month slows full terms@mintmobile.com. dot.
Speaker B: Coindesk has reported an interesting story on general access to banking in the crypto sector. Reported internal messages from its own parent company, digital currency group. According to these messages, DCG has been looking for new banking partners. Here's a list of the banks that are willing to do business with crypto companies, at least according to Coindesk reporting on their own parent company, Santander, HSBC, Deutsche Bank, Bank, Prob Bridge Bank, Mercury, Maltus, and series Financial. I don't know a lot of the names at the bottom of that list, I should say. Coindesk says DCG also contacted other banks such as BlackRock, JP Morgan and Bank of America. No word on the response there yet. David, you manage venture capital investments. Without going into specifics, many of your clients and partners must be going through a similar scramble.
Speaker F: So we've been very proactive with our founders since the beginning of the year. I think we started to see some of the writing on the wall. And so we had a session with our founders in January where we implored them to have redundancies, whether you want to call it Operation Choke point, or whatever you want to call it these days. We saw that there was some concerted effort to obviously restrict access to the financial banking system here in the United States, and so we implored them to have redundancy plans. And we're really pleased that, as I said again, they did listen, they did heed. And so redundancy plans for early stage startups, if you're listening, you run a startup within web three redundancy plans means that if you have capital in one bank, try to diversify it. It was a very interesting practice over the last 72 to 96 hours to learn about systems in place. There is a system called ICS, which basically you work with an affiliate bank, and then you have the ability to take capital and move it to several other banks to hit that $250,000 FDIC insurance program. And so the name for it is the sweeps. And so founders were getting to be aware of that, where they could potentially use the sweep accounts and be able to have $250,000 of their capital parked into several different banks. And so I would say we know because we were talking to a lot of our peers over the last 96 hours. Other VC's were also working with their teams. It was effectively a war room for the last 96 hours. And as I said again, we were early to alert our founders, and I think a lot of others were as well too, that diversification is really key in this time and that they needed to be very mindful of that.
Speaker B: So, Dan, let me flip this back to you. We're talking here about what's happening in the space of banking. Obviously, I'm sure this is a topic you have some thoughts on, but also regulation more generally, kind of the intersection of those two points. I don't know if you guys, read Elizabeth Warren, Senator Elizabeth Warren's op ed in the New York Times about the Silicon Valley bank crisis. She mentioned the word crypto three times. Three times, almost kind of implication being a stuff around the risky crypto activities. Let's put it this way. It was not a flattering reference.
Speaker G: Well, and, you know, SVB was hardly a crypto bank signature. Certainly Washington and Silvergate certainly was. By the way, quick side note, of course, these three things all had to have very similar names. As if it wasn't confusing enough, right? Silvergate, Silicon Valley bank signature, not just Warren, but basically Barney Frank came out and said that shutting down signature was something that didn't have to happen, but it was to send an anti crypto message. I mean, by the way, we should.
Speaker B: Mention he's on the board of directors there.
Speaker G: And how much more overt and explicit can you get in terms of confirmation that the people in power do not like this stuff? They see it as a high risk, volatile space. Regular innocent folks are going to lose their shirts if they invest in crypto. And so in some ways, I think it validates the people who feel like crypto is being pushed out of the US. I had this take two weeks ago after coming back from NFT Paris, and that was before all this happened. I went to an NFT conference in Paris. And it's like Brigitte Macron showed up and toured the grounds and I, you know, sat down. She minted an nft at a booth. I had the thought that would you ever see Jill Biden show up at a crypto conference in the US to shake hands and check out the booths? I don't think so. So certainly, like, you know, these events, either you think that they prove out the thesis, or if you were sunny and optimistic about it and saying, no, no, no, everyone's too negative. Hard to feel that way anymore right after the last few days. But the problem is the US loves to be motivated only by the fear of losing out to other countries. I mean, so, you know, that's the case Mark Zuckerberg tried to make years ago. Remember when he was arguing in favor of Libra? Then it was diem that it failed completely. He said, don't crimp innovation in this space or you'll lose out to other countries. It seems to me that's already happening, that companies are moving over to Europe. They're doing more in other countries because in the US they're going to be forced to take years and years to actually launch what they want to launch. And in some ways, I don't know where these companies go. That's interesting about Santander and that DCG list, but you've just lost the two most prominent, officially crypto friendly banks.
Speaker B: But can we just be blunt about this and talk about the politics here? It's very clear that one party in the United States seems to be favoring crypto. Well, one is intensely, increasingly, I should say intensely opposed to it. I mean, this is not a statistical aberration.
Speaker G: Well, it's interesting because this wasn't a partisan issue for years. Right? In fact, there were people on both sides of the aisle. There were some young, progressive dems who were in favor of crypto. That's still the case. You have the Andrew Yang types. But for the most part, I agree with you, Ash. It's starting to become a party issue. And it's because the folks who are most vocally, virulently anti crypto are the long entrenched older in age, sorry, powerful dems that are in charge of things. So I don't know exactly why that.
Speaker B: Is, but used to be the case, there was a split in both parties between sort of the younger, more technical, savvy wing and the sort of older institutionalist wing. And now that distinction seems to be dissolving strictly along party lines, it being 2023 and all.
Speaker F: If I can just make a quick point to add on to this rough analysis, there has been about 3000 startups, seed stage startups that have been funded since around 2019 in crypto. Web three blockchain, whichever name you want to call it right now, if you look at the averages, they typically hire anywhere between five to ten employees. So if you take a look, you roughly estimate you can have about 30,000, give or take employees here in the United States that are working within the industry. The average, if you look at ziprecruiter, the average rate of wages is typically anywhere between $85 to $140,000. So you take 100,000 as your average there. That is a significant amount of money that is taxable wages. And then if you look at a 25% tax rate, you're typically based off of that math. You're basically trying to dissuade about $750 million of taxable wages. Potentially just very raw, basic math. And I think at the end of the day, that should be considered, too, is that this is an industry. There are thousands and thousands of people within this country that are working legally, earning wages, paying taxes. And again, do we want that tax base to go offshores? And this is something that we've talked about as a country for decades, where do we want innovation to happen? Do we want it to happen here, or do we want it to happen overseas? And this is again coming up as a debate.
Speaker B: Yeah, I just say nothing of the 20 odd or so percent, depending on the polling data that you read, of Americans who currently own crypto. Dan, I know you've got to jump, but before you do, I wanted to just talk about this story because I first read it on your website, decrypt meta, the parent company of Facebook, has announced it will no longer support NFTs on Instagram. The company did not reveal any reason for the move. This comes, of course, as meta has announced a further 10,000 job cuts. Dan, does this sound like a significant blow to the NFT space, or is this something else?
Speaker G: It is not a significant blow to the NFT space. I think it's more a meta specific story. But you do have to roll your eyes a little bit because I think many of us were skeptical that the company was ever really all in on nfts. We know that the Libra thing happened mostly because Facebook loves the idea of having its own digital currency because with 2 billion however many users, they would have a built in adoption base right away. Some people have the, I don't want to say conspiracy theory because there's probably a lot of truth here, but the idea that this was always just an experiment to try and bypass the Apple App Store, and when it didn't work out and when Apple got more aggressive, they said, okay, nevermind, nevermind, never mind. Also, there was a Polygon partnership that I think was probably more beneficial to Polygon than it ever was to Instagram. Polygon is racked up partnerships for nfts recently with Reddit and a number of other places. But meta has to basically throw good money after bad now, now that it changed its name to meta, right? So it said, we're still supporting creators in other ways and we're going to focus on the metaverse. The irony of saying we're backing away from nfts, but we're going to focus on the metaverse is in many ways, nfts are very related to the concept of the new metaverse. It's simply in game items, in game currency, in world items. So there's some contradictory statements here from this company, but I don't think anyone sees meta as in any way a crypto company anyway.
Speaker B: Yeah, Polygon and also Flo. Dan, I know you've got to jump. Any final thoughts before you head out?
Speaker G: Thank you. Yes, the one thing I'd say is it remains to be seen, even though it's off to the races right now. Markets up. Hooray. The coins are in the green. It remains to be seen over the next week or two whether the events of the last week will actually be good or bad, because even though prices are up right now and people say this is good for crypto, it's also, remember, not good for a lot of companies that you've shut down these banks. I mean, there's still crypto companies that were using these banks for their services. Dapper Labs had to shut down withdrawals via ACH because its payment partner was Circle, and Circle's payment partner was Silvergate. And there are a number of companies that are going to be delayed on payroll. We might see more layoffs. So the point is, it's still, the jury's out on whether things are now, hooray, bullish for crypto in the next week, two weeks, two months, and there are a lot of factors that will affect it. I don't know that the. That the smoke is fully cleared at all.
Speaker B: I think. Sorry, I think we had. Pardon. I think we had a bit of an audio problem there. Hey, Dan, thanks for joining us. Really appreciate it.
Speaker G: Thank you, guys.
Speaker B: David, to Dan's point, this open question mark about whether this has been a good or bad weekend, it seems difficult to believe that banks, banking, crypto, leaving the banking ecosystem, and obviously, therefore, leaving crypto as a consequence, is a good week. How do you think about where we stand today versus where we were, say, seven or ten days ago?
Speaker F: I think I wrote about this a few months ago to our investors, and I think I've said this publicly before, we have done a very good job to try to get those that are not comfortable with crypto. Comfortable, meaning that if you are not comfortable with self custody, with having a ledger or a treasure, having things in cold storage, fine. Use a centralized exchange which has no real innovation involved with it. It's nothing better than what we see today in any of the neo banks or the SofIs of the world. So, fine, mister institutional investor misses institutional investor. You're not comfortable with crypto? Use this. I think what we're seeing again right now is we really need to look at the innovation. We all need to, as an industry, need to look at the innovation that we currently have available today and saying, can we actually be self sustaining without necessarily having all these plugins to the traditional banking system? For instance, payroll. We talked a little bit about payroll. There are new startups right now that are offering the ability for those that are in the web three digital asset ecosystem to pay their employees in a digital asset, whether that's bitcoin, whether that's USDC, whether that's ETH, whatever it may be, this is really important. We didn't have this a few months ago, we didn't have this a year ago. And is it now possible to pay your employees in a crypto and then have them obviously go and then try to repatriate that to a usable, local fiat currency? That is more possible today than it was before. However, it's the on and off ramps, as you alluded to ash, that we need to continue to bolster and we need to continue to work on. I cannot see a world where if you look at the FX markets, the traditional FX markets all throughout the world, you always have situations. You can go to an airport next time you fly. There's always a currency desk there that will offer you the ability to repatriate your currency into the local fiat currency of that country that you're visiting. This is normal. And so I see that this is going to be continuum. I do think that the infrastructure to support actual uses of digital assets beyond just as we've looked at, per se, the store of wealth or the medium exchange will continue on. I think that medium of exchange side of the equation, though, will continue to grow over the course of the next few weeks and months here as we have become more enlightened to the situations at hand.
Speaker B: And David, is it really desirable to be paid in crypto for most people living here, either in the United States or in the developed world more generally? I mean, for most of us, we don't pay our rent, we don't pay our mortgage, we don't pay our food bills in us DC, we certainly don't pay them in bitcoin or, or eth. Obviously, there's a conversion factor over the weekend when you were getting 80 some odd cents on the dollar, 85 87 on USDC, whatever the bid was at the moment, I think there are probably a lot of people that were tremendously relieved that they weren't being paid in crypto at that point. So in terms of a medium of exchange. Look, I like gold too, but I don't want real vision to pay me in gold because my landlord doesn't accept gold as payment for rent.
Speaker F: Right? Yeah, that's a fair point. Obviously, we spent a lot of time myopically looking at the United States, but there are countries around the world that have dealt with hyperinflation, where their local fiat currency is as good as the stuff that they wipe their behind with. And so for those that is meaningful, and I think they're, as I said again, we've been very myopically focused here in the United States. So, yes, you bring up a point, I brought it up earlier, is that the use cases of being able to use digital assets here in the United States for everyday purposes, paying rent, paying mortgages, paying for your kid's school, buying groceries, these are all things that have been not necessarily innovated as well as they could have. You've had companies like Bitpay around for years. You've had companies like wire that have been around for years. And so I would be. I think most people would be surprised. You know, two years ago, if you went to Bitpay's website, you could have actually paid your ATT bill via bitpay. But there's a conversation, but you still.
Speaker B: Have to flip it and you still have to get it.
Speaker F: Conversion. Exactly. Exactly. Where there's gaps, there's innovators. And where there are innovators, there's going to be new technology build out. And so this is the scope of innovation and need. I always look back to Nick Grossman at USV. He had a chart a few years ago where he shows how certain technology companies and certain things like Internet 2.0 came about. Where you had Uber, you had Airbnb, you had all these different companies, and then you had a little bit of a retraction because the infrastructure wasn't there to support it. Again, I think we're at that place right now where the infrastructure needs to continue to be built out to support these use cases where people can actually use digital assets in their real world life.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, this is really interesting. And I think you make an important point here, David, about the need for future development. As someone who thinks about venture capital investing, this is sort of a key framework for understanding the world, thinking about where we are today, where we need to get to in the future, but just about the current time where we are right now. The reality is that the traditional banking system, the US dollar on ramps and off ramps for those living in the United States who want to invest in crypto are absolutely critical for a number of reasons. Custodying the underlying assets for stablecoins being one of them, and then obviously, the ability to facilitate the exchange and the purchase of digital assets from fiat currency, currency. When we lose two banks that were focused in large measure, or at least had significant practices in the case of Silvergate, a core focus on the digital asset space, and we lose them from the banking ecosystem. It's hard to see that it's been a net positive for crypto as a consequence. Indeed, it would be very difficult to argue anything other than it's been a significant net negative for the space.
Speaker F: Short duration, shorter period of time. Sure. When we had Lehman, when we had Bayer, when we had the financial crisis, when you had a complete lack of trust in your brokerage accounts, you saw the rise of neo banks, you saw the rise of robo advising, you saw the rise of things that are out there right now. Like Sofi. Yes, short duration. As I said, short time period. This is something that will need to be figured out. I don't have solutions for you today, obviously, as you alluded to, yes, correct signature and silvergate were important in the institutional framework of digital assets, in the on and off ramps. But I know that there are solutions that can come about. And as you saw, as we alluded to, again, whereas people are effectively, quote unquote, kind of trapped, they've gone to bitcoin because bitcoin is 24/7 it's liquid, it could be moved in and out of, and that's why people are going through it as a. But yes, as I said, short time period in the next three to six months. You're absolutely right. But I do not have any fear that the innovators out there, the founders out there, are not going to be able to find ways to be able to build infrastructure to support the needs that we have.
Speaker B: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real vision crypto daily briefing.
Speaker D: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what. With each vendor, Ramp's software collects and verifies receipts instantly. To save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments, time consuming tasks, which means youll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use Ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If youre a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions youve ever made. Get dollar 250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy. Ramp.com easy. Ramp.com easy.
Speaker E: Cards issued by Sutton bank and celtic bank members of DIC.
Speaker D: Terms and conditions apply.
Speaker B: David, we've got lots of questions coming in for reviewers. Not surprisingly. Obviously an interesting day here. An interesting several days. Let's go to one of them. Chuck on the real Vision website actually is referencing the intersection between the infrastructure that we're talking about here and price. And the question is, with Silvergate and signature on ramps offline, where is the crypto demand coming from?
Speaker F: You saw a significant push to get out of the system a few days ago, and getting out of the system, you would have. It was founders, it was investors, it was the startups in the world. Where do you go? They start to determine if they were affected by SVB or signature or Silvergate. Where do you go? And so you have to make determinations. You need to look at your different opportunity sets. And so I think you started to see that there were some, especially those that were holding USDC, they were looking at tether as an option. If they were not looking at tether, they opted to go to bitcoin or to eth. And so again, you had this kind of trap where you started to make, effectively decisions on where you were going to go with the capital that you had. And it appears that those that had this issue elected bitcoin and ethereum over the last few days.
Speaker B: Here's a new question coming to us from Benjamin Wagner on YouTube. To preserve value over time, would you choose bonds or bitcoin?
Speaker F: I'm not permitted to give that kind of investment advice. Okay. That would be something that I would suggest to reach out to your financial.
Speaker B: Advisors for a great deferral there. But let's talk about something that maybe you can talk about. Let's talk about what's happening in the bond market. To try and scratch that itch, these moves in the two year are just pretty extraordinary. We're up about 30 basis points today. I think yesterday, peak to trough, the drop was nearly 100 basis points. Truly surreal moves in this market.
Speaker F: Yeah, you saw three sigma moves in the treasury markets. And again, where we are coming from is effectively stemming from the issues that we've had over the last few years. Look at, again, going back to Silvergate in relation to the question ashes. Look at what happened with SVB and Silvergate and signature. With certain banks, especially the likes of Silvergate, they doubled their asset, their deposit base in 2020. What happened in 2020? There was Covid. What happened in Covid? People were starting to look for new ways of living at home. And so the rise of peloton, the rise of Zoom and other different companies that we're very familiar with these days, you saw massive floods of capital into new businesses that were supporting work from home. And so with that you saw a doubling in their deposit base. And what happens with that during that time period of time, they opted, and of course this is going to be for public debate and for investigation, they opted to buy treasuries when the risk free rate was 1.5%. And so what has happened now as rates have passed two, three, 4% and finally 5%, those assets that they purchased are obviously now mark to market, not worth very much. And so this has been the problem overall is that you've had majority. What happened here in the United States with our fixed income market is that you've had this issue where we had incredibly low rates and then through quantitative tightening, and obviously, again, up for debate and conjecture over the next five or ten or 15 years. Academically, we've had significant quantitative tightening over the last two to three years. And a lot of the banks that have been holding these assets are now in duress. So what happens from here, I can't tell you. Obviously, like you, I watch the news, I listen to the street. There is debate that next week the Fed will potentially pause. And in further rates, we were looking at a 50 basis point and we were looking at 25 basis point. And now there is more conviction that there's going to be a pause. That pause can be potentially short for a quarter or two. They could potentially put in writing that they're going to just pause right now because of certain market issues that have happened, especially in the banking sector. But they're still trying to stamp out inflation, a lot of unknowns. But that's kind of where we're coming from right now in terms of investigating what has happened and what is going to potentially happen in the future with bonds.
Speaker B: Well, there sure are a lot of unknowns. Here's a delightfully cynical question that comes to us from Lorenzo, from the real vision website question. Does the collapse of regional banks and their subsumption by the globally systemic important banks pave the way for CBDCs?
Speaker F: I don't have a crystal ball on that. I've seen that rumor and that conjecture as well too. I've seen that there's been those that think that this is an effort to roll out CBDCs, that USDC will be effectively owned by the United States. I don't fall into any of those camps. I don't fall into any of that conjecture, rumor mill. I would say that if there was a concerted effort to harm regional banks and depositors and regional banks that heads would be rolling, that investigations would be ongoing immediately. I doubt that that's the case. I think what's happened here again is that you've had massive deposits, especially at some of these banks that we've talked about already, especially in light of what happened with COVID and that they were effectively going to the market to try to find securities that they could use that were, you know, fairly risk off. And what happened is that, you know, through quantitative tightening, you've had this cycle. I don't think that there is a massive concerted effort to kill regional banks, you know, so we could roll out CBDC.
Speaker B: So, yeah, that seems a bit of a bridge too far, considering the direness of the circumstances that we were just in. David, it's always a pleasure to have you with us. I enjoy these conversations. Final thoughts, key takeaways that you'd like to leave our audience with?
Speaker F: It's a lot to digest, I think. As I said, as someone who is a steward of capital for innovation, I am deeply obligated and always worried about the future of american innovation and global innovation. One of the things that we try to do here is always support founders who are building our future today. What has happened over the last few days and what is happening within our country is something that I am deeply motivated to continue to work on. And I know our founders are as well, too. We want to see american innovation here, we want to see job growth here, and we want to see the United States being the home of digital asset innovation. You touched on regulation. You talked a little bit about that before. Again, we deeply, deeply want as an industry, to work with those in the policy and regulatory bodies to come up with regulation and policy that is meaningful, that allows the innovation to continue on. Very similar to what's happening in the European Parliament with Mica. We want to see that type of work done here to support the innovation and support the people that are building and starting businesses here in this country.
Speaker B: David, thank you so much. Always a pleasure.
Speaker F: Likewise, Ash.
Speaker B: That's it for today. We'll be back tomorrow with David Duong from Coinbase. Also, make sure you check out real vision.com dot. We have an important two piece series called how to unfuck your future. It features some of those visionary thinkers and investors we know this week. We're exploring all the situations with a lineup of true experts like Angus Shillington, John Campiana, Dwight Anderson, Emad Motor go to realvision.com un f k to get free access once again. That's real vision.com un f k we'll leave you with a trailer. We'll see you tomorrow at 09:00 a.m. pacific, noon Eastern, 05:00 p.m. london time, live on real vision crypto daily briefing. See you then. Everybody have a good day.
Speaker H: If we want to change the outcomes for this really screwed up world where our wages don't go up, where we're being replaced by technology, where governments are massively in debt and we foot the bill via taxes, where we see debasement of assets and we can't afford as many assets as we like, so the rich get richer, the poor get poorer. If we don't like to see the rise of populism based on this broken society because the promises of the future have been broken, let's make our promises to our future selves come right. And that's by unf your future. Some of this is going to really f your future in 20 or 30 years time, but we've got time to figure that out because it's unstoppable.
