Speaker A: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance. Join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten. That's podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Now, to the top analysis of today's crypto markets.
Speaker B: Is this the end of the c five era in crypto? And is defi actually ready to step up? Welcome back to Real Vision Crypto daily briefing. I'm Elaine Lee, your friendly crypto host and producer. I'll discuss this with Adam Levine and Shingo Levine from ethos. Welcome to the show, gentlemen.
Speaker A: Thank you. Thank you for having us.
Speaker B: Okay, now, before we get into the interview, we need to take a look at the latest price analysis. We're seeing a bit of pullback today. Some investors might have decided to take profits after the recent rally. The total crypto market is down some 2.5%. Take a look at the chart that we have up here. Bitcoin is trading lower at some 1.5% on the day it fell to around 22 500. So it remains up some 7% on the week, though. And of course, according to an analysis by Coindesk, bitcoin is ripe for an even bigger rally, if history is any guide, and sometimes, well, it isn't. The recent upswing looks similar to the bull revival of mid 2019. Back then, bitcoin surged by almost 250%. Meanwhile, Ether continues its recent underperformance. Compared to bitcoin, ether is down some 4.5%, a much steeper drop than bitcoins. And unlike bitcoin, ether is now in the red on a trailing seven day basis. That's despite data showing ETH has once again turned deflationary. According to data from ultrasound money cited by Coindesk, nearly 15,000 ETH has been burned. In the past seven days, Ether's net issuance has dropped to -0.08% one final token that we're looking at is Aptos. It's a cryptocurrency that emerged from Facebook's failed attempt to its own digital currency. The project has been gaining traction lately. The apt token is the best performer today. Take a look at that chart right there. It's up more than 120% on a trailing seven day basis. All right, that's a lot from the price action there, but we're keeping it up to speed with you. For a market that is up and live and well, 365 days, 7 hours a week, seven days a week. So. Okay, viewers, okay to join us in the conversation, please put down your questions in the chat, wherever you are watching on discord. Hello. And GM to our pro crypto discord users and on YouTube. Good morning to you, wherever. Good afternoon, wherever you're watching from. We'll ask the best questions on air later on in the show. Remember, real vision members take priority with their questions, but the good news is that membership is free. Now, with that being said, let's bring in our guests, Adam and Shingo Levine, who are co founders and co CEO of Defi platform ethos. Good morning to you, gentlemen.
Speaker A: Good morning.
Speaker C: Good morning. Thanks for having us.
Speaker B: Now let's address the elephant in the room. What's this duo right here? The Levine. So tell me about this relationship here.
Speaker A: Well, Shingo is my son. I'm a lifelong entrepreneur. I was in more of a traditional businesses, I would say. I built a lot of mobile apps and platforms and worked with tocos and brands and all the traditional things like cash flow, distribution, p and ls, balance sheets up until. And then when Shingo came along, he brought me into the world of crypto. He started ethos out of his dorm room at Brown, and the project just took off. We initially built the universal wallet and got 100,000 users on that, and it was a very exciting project. So I worked directly with him, and we've been working together ever since.
Speaker B: Shingo, anything to add here? How did you drag them in?
Speaker C: Well, I've always found crypto very fascinating, and we've been in the crypto space for quite some time now. We've built ethos 1.0 back in 2016, and a lot of those people that we brought into that project formed the initial community around ethos 1.0 and then Voyager, and now where we're relaunching ethos, so we're really excited to be able to bring back ethos and to use our collective experience to build something new.
Speaker B: Right. And how do you run a company as father and son duo? You know, some might say it's a nightmare at the dinner table, or some might say, I would say when there's a sort of connection like that, you sort of catch each other at the right time. So how do you run a company as father and son?
Speaker C: Well, the work never stops, you know, because we can't. We can't ever escape each other. But the, but the, but I would say that we work together very, very effectively. And also what's very helpful is that we have different sort of areas of expertise. And I would say I'm more crypto focused and more technology focused, while Adam's more business strategy and sort of has more entrepreneurial experience. So the combination works very well.
Speaker A: I'd also add that something that's important to us, especially in ethos, too, is ethics and trust and building that trust with our community and our users. And so starting with a core of a relationship at the center where there's a high degree of trust, I think, helps with that culture and that. And that mindset.
Speaker B: Okay, so corporate governance, and I would say trust is very. Two important words in the time of this crypto space right now. So how did ethos coming, you know, came about. How did ethos come about, and what exactly are you offering to users?
Speaker A: Well, we initially started ethos in 2016, and the vision was making crypto open, safe, and fair for everyone. The first product was this universal wallet, or we, at the time, there weren't a lot of easy to use wallets. And so we built a self custody wallet that supported over 200 cryptos and a back end platform called Bedrock that could let people build applications on top of that wallet. We did a reverse triangular merger with another entity to form Voyager, and we used bedrock to lay down the payment rails for their centralized brokerage, automated deposit withdrawal, et cetera. And that processed about 5 billion in transactions. We left Voyager about two years ago. We had some disagreements with them, unethical, and also strategic sense. They really wanted to centralize everything. And we've always had a vision of decentralization and having people safekeep their own assets and controlling what they want to do with their own money. And so now we've restarted ethos to build kind of a next generation self custody and financial services platform where everything remains under the user's control at all times. And I think we're trying to bridge the gap to the next billion crypto users by making self custody very, very easy, yet highly secure.
Speaker B: Yeah, and we'll dwell. Sorry, you wanted to jump on in?
Speaker C: Oh, sure. I think that in many ways, the industry hit peak centralization with the collapses of all these centralized places and all these centralized crypto lenders simultaneously collapsing. And I always tell people that that's not an issue with crypto. It's an issue with centralization, and it's an issue with how the industry was structured. And what's needed in the industry now is decentralized alternatives. And that's our motivating factor, is we really feel that customers deserve better, the industry deserves better, and the industry needs more ethical and decentralized players in order to fill the gap left by all these centralized collapses.
Speaker A: 100%.
Speaker B: Yeah. Well, talking about centralization, centralized exchanges collapsing, I do want to dwell and talk a little bit more about Voyager. Voyager bought Ethos tech back in 2019. Now you're relaunching separately from Voyager. Shingo, you was a director and CIO at Voyager. So tell us about your time there and why that particular business model fail.
Speaker C: Sure. So when we initially met Voyager and were looking at the synergy between the companies, it made a lot of sense on many different levels. Ethos had a lot of crypto technology, and Voyager basically had no crypto expertise within the company. And we told them, look, if you guys can either choose between being a so another one of those fiat brokers out there, of which youre going to be competing with many of them, or you can be a real crypto broker, you can have real crypto functionality, and youll be different from everybody else. Youll be several years ahead of Robinhood. Youll be able to compete with Coinbase. To the extent that they believed that that was actually true. The bedrock technology which powered the universal wallet ended up being a big differentiator for Voyager and helped them scale. We helped them launch the first version of their app and help them scale to millions of users. But it was when we saw what they were doing with that centralization that it started to raise some red flags with us. Our vision ultimately was to create a decentralized plus fiat hybrid that could give all the benefits of decentralization while simultaneously not exposing customers to that risk of centralization. And unfortunately, what's happened with this shift towards centralization in the industry is that people have been choosing security or convenience over security. And there's been a lot of sacrifices that have been made in the name of convenience. And I don't think anyone anticipated when they were making those sacrifices that billions of dollars of customer assets would be wiped out. But that's unfortunately what's happened. It illustrates the reason that crypto exists in the first place. I mean, crypto was built out of this response to over centralization, and we need to bring it back to crypto's roots. The core ethos of crypto, that crypto was built to create decentralized systems, and it was built to protect against centralized failures.
Speaker B: Yeah. And we'll dive a little bit deeper to talk about convenience overdose security. We'll go through some of the security in self custody shortly.
Speaker A: I can make one more comment on Voyager, too, if I may, which is Voyager. Voyager did a lot of things really well. They built a great app. They built. It was really easy to use. They did a lot of volume. They managed all their treasury fairly well. They had a lot of great employees that did a lot of great work. And unfortunately, the pretty much the big failure was lending out customer money unsecured without the customer's knowledge or consent. That was the dagger in Voyager's heart that brought it down. We think there's a lot of positives what Voyager did that we hope to learn from the easiest use of the app and the access to rapid trading, the clarity of steps to take to conduct those trades. So we hope to take what worked from there and blend it with the next generation defi system.
Speaker B: Well, how is the bankruptcy process playing out, in your opinion?
Speaker C: Not great.
Speaker A: Poorly.
Speaker C: Or then that's putting it probably lightly.
Speaker A: It's great bankers and lawyers and not for everybody else.
Speaker C: Yeah. The creditors, you can ask any creditor involved with the Voyager bankruptcy right now, and they will tell you about their dissatisfaction. And we are creditors as well in this situation, and we're not very happy with how it's being run either. And the creditors have seen their recovery diminish from what seemed initially optimistic in the 70% to 80%. Now people are talking about 51% recovery. If the market goes down, it could go even lower than that. And right now, the lawyers are asking for even more money for a wind down entity. And it's not a pleasant experience for anyone who has money stuck with Voyager. And what's most unfortunate about the situation as well is that there's a lot of people out there who couldn't afford to lose what they put in Voyager. And part of the reason for that was they put money into Voyager that they thought wouldn't be at risk. It's one thing for people to buy bitcoin or to buy Ethereum, and to understand that there's a lot of risk that comes with that. There's a lot of risk that comes with owning crypto assets. But when people put money into Voyager, and partly due to Voyager's marketing, people thought that it wasn't risky. They put money into USDC and it would earn interest, and the USDC was stable, and you would. And people thought that it wouldn't result in their money wasn't being lent out. And they saw FDIC insurance, and they saw all these assurances, and they thought it'd be safe. And unfortunately, that affected a lot of everyday people who had saw their life savings being wiped out. And these are people who deserve to get their money back in the bankruptcy process.
Speaker A: And it said in the app, you own two BTC, or whatever your assets were said you own. And in reality, the hard lesson is that if you put your money on a centralized exchange, you don't own anything. You're an unsecured creditor of that exchange. And in the event that they can't pay you, you get in line with a bunch of other unsecured creditors to get some of it back. And I think that's ultimately what people have to understand about centralization, is you don't own what you put inside that centralized institution, and you're completely at the whims of the executives or CEO in terms of what they decide to do with it. And I think that was the very, very hard lesson that people had with Voyager. People have the right to take risks, to chase return, but they absolutely have the right to know what those risks are. And undisclosed risks are just not acceptable, in my opinion, when you're storing your assets in a centralized exchange.
Speaker B: Yeah, look, a hard lesson that I'm learning myself. Cause I myself still have assets locked up in Celsius. So I've been on your Twitter page, and I'm looking at the. Let me take a look at this. It is ethos recovery airdrop. Tell me a little bit about that. What is it? So, if you look at the screen right now, we've grabbed this from your website. It says if you have less money with Voyager as a creditor or a VGX holder, you may be eligible from an ethos recovery airdrop. We are allocating up to 1 billion ethos to be distributed to those affected, no strings attached. And I think it's not only Voyager, it's also people in Celsius as well. So can you expand on that a little bit for me?
Speaker A: Yeah, be happy to. So we made a new token, and this token is going to be a loyalty token for the platform. So we're not selling it, we're not offering it up. We're making it available as a loyalty token within the platform that gives people discounts and benefits, trading and rebates and things like that as they use the platform. So it's a token that's designed to encourage people to safekeep and self custodize their own assets, and a self sovereignty mindset in crypto. As part of that, we've allocated a big chunk of it for people that were affected in the Voyager meltdown, both creditors and VGX owners. And we're also going to make something available to Celsius owners as well. We set up a system where people could send in their bankruptcy filings. We parse the information, validate that is accurate, and then once we do that, we put them in a. In a database with a certain amount of virtual ethos allocated to them when the app launches. We're building the app right now and we anticipate it launching in Q. Two people will be able to claim the tokens and have them deposited into their ethos vault inside the defi app.
Speaker B: Interesting to see that one plan out, and I wish you all the best for that one. So let's go through some of the headlines that we want to talk about that's trending. All the crypto topics, you know, every day in crypto, so noisy. One of the ones that we picked up as our top news story today is that Reuters has an exclusive report on the crypto exchange binance. The outlook says. The outlet says blockchain data shows binance processed nearly 346,000,004 bits Lato. Don't really know how to pronounce pronounce it, but there you go with the funny crypto names. Bits Lato. That's the Hong Kong registered exchange, whose russian founder was arrested by us authorities last week. The US Treasury's financial crimes Enforcement network says that Binance was one of the bits Lato's top three counter parties. A Binance spokesperson told Reuters via an email that he had provided substantial assistance to international law enforcement to support their investigation of Bitslaso. The Binance spokesperson also added, the company is committed to, and I quote, working collaboratively with law enforcement. So, Adam Schenko, while the way Binance operates, continues to attract scrutiny every day and sometimes pretty negative and bad headlines coming out of there, it remains unquestionably the largest crypto exchange. So according to Coingeck, in just in the last 24 hours, finance processed nearly as much trading volume as the entire Dex space combined. You know, this just, it's just revealing and tells us so much that so many people still use centralized exchanges. What are your thoughts on this? Go ahead, Adam.
Speaker A: I think there's two things in there. I mean, with regards to Binance's activity, I don't want to comment on that because Binance says that they're cooperating. I'm sure they are. I've always, in my experience, Binance has always operated in a very transparent manner and has run just a really strong centralized exchange. So were I to use one, I would trust binance. But when it comes to the volume question, I mean, yeah, Dex is maybe 5% or so of the total volume of centralized exchanges. But that's just part of what makes this opportunity exciting, because crypto tends to be very fad and trend driven. So you started with bitcoin and then you had centralization, then you had ethereum, then you had icos, and you had nfts. And I think Defi is going to be the next big wave. And will it overtake and flip centralized volume? I dont know, but will it catch up? I mean, even if it were to grab, say ten or 15 points of market share, thats an enormous, enormous shift to how people interact and trade the daily liquidity available across the decentralized infrastructure. Plugging into exchanges such as sushiswap or Uniswap, there's a ton of volume that goes through those exchanges. And ethos is going to be one of many providers collectively plugging into that and making that available. I think as you see the sophistication of the infrastructure and the front end apps like the ethos Defi vault start to spin up. I think youll see a lot more people join that because its essentially a choice between controlling your own assets or having your assets in someone elses hands. Its a very simple and stark choice that people will make. And I think whats held DeFi back thus far has been the complexity that you have to really, if you go and try and conduct a trade straight on the protocol, it's a lot of work, or you want to set up your own liquidity pool to get yield, it's a lot of work. But if people can get access to those protocols with the easier to use layer and a secure way to handle their keys, I think you're going to get a lot of people using that. That's my personal thing.
Speaker C: Another thing I would say in that too, is that DeFi is relatively new. True, DeFi has only existed for a couple of years, and a lot of the most popular DeFi protocols today are still very new. I mean, I think back in anyone who is in the space in 2017, 2018 can attest that back then there really wasn't DeFi. Defi didn't really exist. And in some ways, Defi's rise is somewhat remarkable in how quickly it started to gain traction and how quickly volume has been starting to shift over to, uh, decentralized exchanges. Whether or not that, uh, that volume wherever will ever overtake centralized exchanges, I'm not sure. But, uh, it's, it's definitely been, been a larger and larger, uh, sample and a larger and larger representative amount of the. Of the total volume in crypto. And I think that that trend is going to only increase.
Speaker A: You know, if a DeFi robot says they're going to pay you back, they'll pay you back as long as the assets are still there. Unlike a human, who takes your loans and promises to pay you back, but the human can run off and hide somewhere the robot cant. So DeFi held up remarkably well in this meltdown, Preston.
Speaker C: And that was something that was very interesting about how the Celsius bankruptcy went down, too, which is that the money that was owed to the DeFi protocols got paid back first. So its almost like the DeFi protocols were even above the secured creditors, because there's all kinds of things that you can do when you have a human counterparty, but when you have a robot counterparty, the robot listens to its algorithm and it listens to its code, and then that's how it works. And the robots asked for a collateral where many other companies didn't.
Speaker A: Sorry, preferred investors. The robots are first in line now.
Speaker B: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back. You know, I'm always a fan of crypto analogies when it comes to explaining to a normie like me how DeFi works. So, you know, I was obviously browsing through your website, and one of the really bold claims that I've read on there was, we will make DeFi easy. Take a look right there. So how is ethos planning to do this? Because it is no secret that some people don't even touch Defi. With the barge poll, we know how difficult it is. You know, sometimes I've experimented with myself. I'm sending things left, right, and center. So to have a little panic attack about, like, where have I sent this funny token? I mean, this is a.
Speaker C: It's.
Speaker B: It's. It's not an easy thing to do, is what I'm trying to say. So how are you guys at ethos planning to make Defi accessible to the mass.
Speaker A: I'm so glad you asked that. So, uh. So my whole life I've been building consumer apps. That's basically what I've done, is we built hundreds of mobile apps, and that's always tried to have something that's simple and easy to use. And then Shingo spearheaded the universal wallet, which was, I think, a very easy to use wallet. And the principles we're following around building this app is trying to make everything feel like a trading app, something that's familiar to somebody. So the center of the app is the vault, and you secure your keys. We also have a unique method to shard backup and restore your keys in case you use it, lose your keys. And also we're using something that Vitalik Buterin has long espoused, which is a notion called social guardians, where you can set up social guardians of your key. So if somebody tries to restore your key, the social guardians have to all approve that process. So there's multiple layers of security, and then we're using multiparty cryptography, essentially with the sharding back of the keys to make the keys really secure. Once you trust the system and you trust your vault, then outside of that, we're building sort of a Bloomberg style trading app where you see you've a live market, it ticks every 8 seconds, along with Ethereum 2.0 block. And you can see opportunities to trade. And we want to make everything feel like a trade. So it's not this open ended, you know, trade anything for anything, but rather, well, I want to buy some BNB or I want to buy some eth across these decentralized networks. How do I do that? When you click, you see a price, you say, okay, I want to broadcast this trade. It broadcasts to the chain. If it's accepted, you get your successful confirmation back with the proceeds. Similarly, to yield opportunities, it will show you a list of yield opportunities. Or if you want, you can roll your own and you can go make a complex. You know, you can sort of pick all the ingredients and bake your own yield cake. So you have that complexity if you want it. But if you don't want it, you can go and see the yield structures that other people have done and just pick one of them for yourself. So we're at all this is we through a UI that we've really polished and tried to make it very, very easy. So you just know what the next thing you're supposed to do in any given sequence. We will be probably releasing a public sneak peek of the UI next week. So probably by next week we're going to start dribbling out how all that's going to work, but it's definitely going to make Defi much, much more accessible than it has been in the past for people.
Speaker C: One thing I would add to that as well is there's been a big issue in Defi, which is what I like to call key anxiety, where you have a key, whether it's with ledger, whether it's metamask, or whether any number of other places but it's a big burden that's placed on the user in order to manage, store, and deal with all the anxiety that comes with managing a key. That's where we really started. We started with, how do we remove that anxiety from the user? I think that anxiety is what drives people towards centralization, towards people who say, oh, I can never do self custody, I'd rather use a centralized provider, or self custody is too complicated for me, or I would just lose my key, or any number of other concerns that I think people can relate to. And even sophisticated users will often lose their keys, and people will look at all the stories of the guy who's still digging in the dump for his bitcoin keys, or, or there's just so many stories of people who have lost their keys, and solving that problem, I think was the center of it. Once you solve that problem, once you solve that problem and you can remove that anxiety from users, and you have a system that's both decentralized and secure, but also easy to use. And I think that will open up the world of Defi for so many other people, because then it lets the everyday customer then use all these sophisticated tools that are out there right now. All these Defi tools are only accessible to those who sort of can understand all that complexity. But if you remove that, it really becomes accessible to everybody.
Speaker B: Feels like it is something that I need to experiment with and really take it step by step before I give it a go because I'm so careful with dipping my toes into any app that is asking for my crypto at the moment. I want to talk about a little op ed piece that you wrote for our friends at Coindesk back in November. Took a little read of it before we came on camera. The title of the piece is called the end of centralization era in crypto. And this is it right there that we're putting out to the viewers. I mean, what made you both write that piece? What were the clear warning signals that you're trying to send out here? And let me tell you, one of the quotes that I've read that really stuck out to me is the bit where it says, we are once again at an inflection point where we as a community must defy centralization. We must defy corrupt CEO's who seek to separate us from our money. We must defy corporate secrecy which has enabled corruption and recklessness paid on the customer's dime. We must want to return to crypto roots and empower individuals to wrest control of what is rightfully theirs. So I think let's start off with, I think this was just a few days after the FTX debacle where this was published. So what made you right there? What are the warning signals that you were trying to send out here?
Speaker C: I can start. And really, I've been a big believer in crypto. I really believe in what crypto represents, the philosophy behind it, the ethos behind it. I mean, that's a big part of why we call the company ethos. Very good in Crypto's ability to enable a positive change for the world. Crypto was built out of the 2008 2009 financial crisis, and it was built in response to corrupt centralization. And it's almost ironic what's happening today because it's a lot of history repeating itself. And crypto is designed for people to be able to take back power from these corrupt centralized institutions and put it in their own hands and to create an alternative financial system, create an alternative asset class that is more open, safe and fair for everybody. And that's really what crypto should be about. And what people entering the crypto space should really understand is that idea. And there's a big responsibility on the crypto community as well, because the crypto community is building a new financial system from the ground up. It's a big responsibility, but a massive opportunity. It's a massive opportunity to make the financial system work for everybody. And what we've seen with this wave of centralization is it's a reminder of why crypto exists. And to many people it's a warning about crypto. But to me it's a reminder of where crypto came from and why crypto is so important. Crypto was created to defy the centralized providers. It was created to build an alternative that works for people who typically have been stepped on and not recognized by the financial system. And that's really why I crypto needs to, and the crypto community needs to shun centralization and move towards a decentralized alternative, because in our view, decentralization is the only path forward to rebuild trust in crypto.
Speaker A: Thats my boy. I agree 100%. And when we were going through, we were involved cool project particle, where we were taking a banksy and dividing it into 10,000 little particles, we call them, and let people buy little bits of it. And we're working with this great law firm, Ricardo English, Ted Granite. And one of the things we're diving down is, so what does it mean to own something? Right? What does it mean to own a little bit of a painting. And when you really actually double click on that concept of what it means to own something, it's like, well, you actually don't really own anything. It's like, no, no, no, I own my house. Well, you have the right to domicile that house and pay taxes, but if you don't, the government's going to take it back. Or, well, I own my cash. Like, well, yeah, but somebody could do a lien on your bank account and take it out of there. Or if the government decides whatever somebody sues you, they could take. So what do you actually really own? Right? Everything's kind of transient and you're sort of like possessing it, but you don't really own it. And I would argue that crypto is one of the few things you actually own because it's secured by a key that only you have and that only you can pull those assets out and no one else has control over it. And that's what people, the Celsius and Voyagers and FTX, took advantage of that magic and also the confusion that comes with that idea and took people's assets and basically stole them or misappropriated them. I guess crypto has the opportunity to let you truly own assets, not just bitcoin or ethereum, but anything that is tokenized and made available to people. So that's why I think it's such a revolutionary concept still to this day that has enormous potential to transform people's lives if it's implemented in the proper way.
Speaker B: Well, whilst you're both entrepreneurs that are building in the sPace, we do have to talk about our next story. So the next story that we picked up that's making the circulation around the crypto trend trending topics is the ongoing challenges crypto has with the regulators circle, the consortium behind the USDC stablecoin, told the Financial Times that it didn't go public because of the SEC, not the difficult market conditions SEC is. The US securities and Exchange Commission's circle says the SEC didn't sign off on its plan to merge with a SPAC special purpose acquisition company. SPACs allow companies to go public through a reverse takeover with the benefit of less security than a traditional IPO, a source told the FT. A lot of time was lost after circle initiated the process. The source also said that there was a lot of regulatory confusion. So when it comes to dealing with crypto companies, back in 2021, that deal was worth $9 billion. So, guys, I want to get your take on this. This obviously continues to be a very difficult regulatory environment. There's new government bodies. That's being looked over regulation at the moment in DC. How do you see this play out going forward, especially in the context of Defi?
Speaker A: I'll take the first stab at that. I understand it, what Circle wanted to do, they were sort of shortcutting the process a little bit by doing the SPAC deal with another entity I think was Concorde. So by having an entity that they could sort of go public into, that would make it quicker for them to make their shares available to the public. And I don't know why the SEC said, no, you can't do that. But I'm guessing that doesn't preclude circle from doing it directly themselves. I mean, circle is actually an amazing company that I think provides a really critical ingredient for the vision that we have with DeFi, which is dollar back stablecoin that you can use for tokenized assets. The thing that everyone always said when you wanted to secure assets, well, you cant do it with bitcoin or ethereum because theyre volatile. And circle kind of solves that problem with USDC and giving you a stable dollar backed peg for all assets that youd want to tokenize in the future. So I think just the fact that the SEC shot down a SPaC deal with Concord, it doesnt mean that Circle wont be able to do what they want to do. They definitely have the means and resources to do this. So I would just say that I would look at this as maybe a temporary setback, if that.
Speaker C: Also, I would reiterate too that the circle is providing a very important service for DeFi, which is the decentralized stablecoin. I think that decentralized stablecoins are still very much in their infancy where circle, the v 10, and I think it's one of the best implemented ones so far. But I think that stable coins are going to be one of the most important foundational building blocks for whatever crypto looks like going forward. And even in the centralized world, it's going to be important. And so circle is not going anywhere. I would have liked to buy some shares if they actually did go public, but I think overall it's probably, it's probably not going to have much of an effect on circle long term. And I look forward to seeing other things that circle is building. And circle is very much thinking about the future and where crypto is going right now.
Speaker B: Okay, good take from both of you. Another story that we picked up is directly related to the DeFi world, actually. So the FBI has confirmed that a notorious group of north korean hackers was responsible for 100 million Defi hack back in June. The FBI says that the Lazarus group, also known as APt 28, carried out the attack on proof of stake blockchain platform Harmony. They targeted Harmony's horizon bridge. FBI says earlier this month, the hackers attempted to launder the money through a railgun privacy protocol. The FBI said that it managed to free some of the funds. I mean, this goes back to the story and question and security and complications of DeFi, gentlemen. According to Forbes, nearly $1.5 billion was stolen in the top five hacks last year, all on DeFi platforms. What are your thoughts on this going challenge very quickly?
Speaker A: Well, I don't know about the other four, but the first one was on a bridge, and bridges are notoriously insecure. It's like, let's carry our money across a bridge and hope nobody takes it. So you're taking out of secure storage and transporting it somewhere, and that's essentially the best time to try and get at it. So I think this is more an issue with bridge security than it is Defi security. That's my take on it. I know what you say.
Speaker C: Well, also, I would add that a lot of the places where DeFi gets quote unquote hacked is on the centralized pain points of Defi. To me, it's yet another example of how centralization ends up being the bane of crypto's existence in many ways. And all these bridges are notoriously centralized. They try to make it look like they're not as centralized as they actually are. But a lot of the contracts and a lot of the ways that the bridges operate and are controlled are often centralized. It's those centralized attack surfaces that hackers are able to exploit and use to take funds. And so I think that really crypto, when you're building anything in crypto, I think you have to think about what are the different centralized attack points that a hacker is going to target. And those centralized attack points are often not as obvious to the average user as they often should be. But my take is, I think that this is yet another example of how centralization ends up causing harm to customers. And I think customers who are using DeFi products and are doing research into these things have to really understand where is it centralized, because oftentimes that's where they're going to be compromised.
Speaker A: Would you describe a bridge as a centralized exchange with big pipes stuck in it?
Speaker C: Well, it's not an exchange in that. Oftentimes bridges aren't letting you sort of exchange or trade the same way a centralized exchange would do it. But bridges are often very centralized and they often are very big attack surfaces for crypto.
Speaker B: Okay. Right, moving on to our final story. I got to get through this because apparently from my producer on the grounds with our eyes and ears in all the interactive channels, we have a lot of questions coming in today. So very quickly, final story. Want to look at today? German carmaker Porsche released its first NFT collection earlier on this week, and it's fair to say it wasn't a roaring success as the cars are when it hits the road. 7500 nfts were available to be minted as a homage to the iconic 911 car. The price set at 0.911, roughly about $1,500 at the time. But according to Coindesk, only 12,000 nfts were minted, about 16% of the total collection by Monday evening. Secondary market sells also initially sluggish, but the floor price on Opensea has reached about just over an e. 1.3, I think, 1.35. Also some criticism there it is right there. Also some criticism of the collection on Twitter. People weren't happy with the mint price and Porsche's sell strategy. There's also derivatives out there already on the go. Crypto space. It's not a crypto show, but don't talk about nfts. Any thoughts on you both when it comes to big brands entering into the web three space and the NFT market.
Speaker A: I'll take that one. Shingo. So I think it's a cautionary tale for brands if you're trying to do. Now's not the time to do a money grab on nfts. It's a great time to build up loyalty. And I would look at NFT through the lens of loyalty, not licensing and not as a way to try and get another ancillary revenue stream which has risk behind it, but rather a way to connect with your consumers and your brand loyalty and reward those people that are loyal to your brand with something extra and unique and collectible, not trying to sort of get something extra out of them. So I would look at it something, you know, you get a Porsche, you get some special, one of a kind NFT as a thank you for being our loyal customer. That is a great lens for brands to look at launches, and I hope this cautionary tale makes them think more that way.
Speaker C: Yeah, and I would just very quickly answer that by saying I think that the challenges with nfts are sort of a microcosm of the challenges with crypto generally, and that I hope that we're past the point where we're not sort of investing in fluff. We're not investing in just puffery, but we're actually investing in real use cases. And there are real use cases of crypto, there are real use cases of nfts. And I would like to see the industry start to move towards that and to really think critically about what do we want to use this technology for and how is it going to benefit people. And like Adam said, think about how you can add real value to your customers. And when you add real value to your customers, oftentimes you're adding real value to your business as well. So I would tell big brands to think that way.
Speaker B: Nfts with real life utility, maybe just like the RV NFT Genesis collection that we have out there. Hey, Sherlock. Luck. All right, now, moving on, we have time for some viewers questions now before that, before we get to the goods and put out guests out there to answer all your questions. For those of you watching on the real Vision website, thank you as always, for joining us. The show is created around our community. I'm not the expert in the sea. It's always how your hive mind comes together in this space. So if you haven't signed up there yet, please check it out on real vision.com crypto. That's the best way to get early access to the real vision crypto content. And it's always free. And that's where we will release the latest ralls adventures in crypto on Friday. Look at them there. This time, Ral interviews Mike Nevergrad of Galaxy Digital. You don't want to miss that. There were some bloopers that we swiped out of that one. That was quite funny. But again, that's real vision.com crypto. Now, if you're watching on YouTube, please like and subscribe and hit the notification bell. Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real Vision crypto daily briefing.
Speaker D: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what. With each vendor, Ramp's software collects and verifies receipts instantly. To save your team valuable time, Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals. Expense, categorization and bill payments, time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get $250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy, ramp.com easy remp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank and celtic bank members of DIC. Terms and conditions apply.
Speaker B: Okay, on to our viewers questions. Gentlemen, are we ready?
Speaker A: Let's go.
Speaker C: Always.
Speaker B: All right, Nanaimo, you know what? This is a twitter engagement community member, and I can't believe I actually can't say the username on air. Nanaimo Trader. Oh my God, this is embarrassing. Sorry. On the RV website. Hello to you, my dear, from Canada. I believe isn't defi only as good as the code behind it? How can someone be certain there is no backdoor or floor in the code? Or am I misunderstanding how smart contracts work?
Speaker C: No, that's a very good question. It is very accurate. The DeFi is only as good as the code that's behind it. And oftentimes people say code is law, although that's fallen out of favor more recently. But the code will only do exactly what the code says it will do. I would encourage people to only use open source tools or open source contracts when you're using DeFi, so that even if you're not going to be independently verifying it, at least if it's open source, then other people who have the expertise to do so can independently verify it. Look for smart contract audits. Look for people who have looked at the code, because that is really as good as it's going to get. Even when the code has been audited and has, has been looked at by other people, there's still risks that come with that. When we saw the Dow hack back in early ethereum days, that came from, even though all the code was open source, it came from a reentry attack which had never been done before. There's always that risks. But as the space continues to mature and as the code continues to develop, those, those risks, I think will hopefully go down. But the similar kinds of risks exist for centralized exchanges just, I would argue, to a much higher degree, because then you're trusting the closed source code of however the centralized exchange chooses to operate.
Speaker B: Okay, the next one comes from whose crypto on YouTube you've left us. But I hope you come back and catch up show a little bit later on. What can C five providers do to compete with deFi? Traditionally, UX has been the hurdle to adoption of DeFi, but I imagine that that will not take long to change. Slightly different perspective here.
Speaker A: Well, I mean, that's. I think centralized exchanges are going to have to have a DeFi offering with pipes between the C five and DeFi offerings that let the users take assets under their control if and when they want to. That was what our vision for Voyager had been, which is to have a fluid way for assets to flow back and forth between user control and centralized control. And I believe that that's going to become the norm, that users will expect an easy on ramp and off ramp to a service where they can keep assets under their own control in the event of a liquidity crunch or security breach on the centralized exchange. I think that's where it's headed. Ultimately, you fast forward 510 years, my guess is everybody will be doing that.
Speaker C: Yeah. I would say also that the trade off that people have been making with CFI has been a trade off of convenience for security, or, sorry, the other way around, security for convenience.
Speaker A: So you had to write convenience. You're giving up your security so you can be more convenient.
Speaker C: Right. And that trade off, I think, Will. I'm hopeful that soon it will no longer exist. And also, there's also the trade off of ease of use versus complexity, which c five has typically been easier to use, more convenient, and more accessible to people. But once those things change, I think we'll see a lot more adoption of DeFi, because those have really been the major pain points that have been holding back DeFi. Once those are solved. And once people see that DeFi doesn't have to be complicated, that keys don't have to be overly burdensome, that you get all these security benefits and control benefits when it comes to defi that just simply don't and cannot exist in CFI, then I think that people will warm up to the idea of doing more and more stuff on DeFi, and I'm hopeful that that will result in DeFi representing more and more of the crypto market.
Speaker B: All right, the next one comes from Gigi on YouTube. And thank God for our real vision, community members, especially, this question. This is a great one question for Shingo. Will KYC be required for ethos? If so, can users pass KyC AML with ZK tech like purify protocol?
Speaker C: It's very interesting right now because the DeFi space, I think, is still developing from a regulatory perspective. And so ethos is going to be a global app from day one, and the requirements are going to differ from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. But the way that ethos is structured is it's going to be a self custody system. So you have full control of your wallet over your keys, and you can move those keys to any other device. KYC doesnt really make sense within that context. The same way that metamask works. Metamask doesnt do KYC because you have full control and full autonomy over your assets. And metamask cant dictate what you can and cant do from that perspective. Thats the way that DeFi, at least today, is structured. I could see that changing. And there are people who working on decentralized KYC, decentralized AML, and I think that we will see DeFi move towards that direction. And at the time when that happens, ethos will be following whatever the regulatory guidance at that time is.
Speaker A: And I will also add that we will have separate to KYC. We will have AML policies that where we'll be monitoring and looking for suspicious activity, and we don't want the platform to become a conduit for dirty money or terrorist activities or anything like that. So we will definitely be having policies procedures around AML that is sort of separate to the whole Kyc issue.
Speaker B: Okay, next one comes from Sean chambers from our friends on YouTube. Again, while yield farming inside the ethos wallet, will the crypto involved still be in the custody of the customer?
Speaker A: That's a great question.
Speaker C: Well, yeah, the short answer to that is, yes, you always will have full custody of your crypto. But whenever you're participating in a yield program, whether any kind of defi yield program, the DeFi protocols themselves are taking custody of your crypto and lending it out. Otherwise, you wouldn't be able to do any of those yields. So while you are retaining control of it, the custody is going to be with the DeFi protocols themselves. As a clarifier, ethos is never going to be building a DeFi protocol. Ethos won't be operating DeFi protocol. So ethos will never be taking custody or possession of any funds ever. But I think it's important for users to understand that when you are putting your crypto into a yield strategy or a yield protocol, you are giving away custody of your crypto to that protocol. And there's no real way around that.
Speaker A: The big thing is that it's going to be the user's choice. So, like, if Voyager had told their customers, hey, I'm going to go lend your money to 3 hours capital and I think I can get like a 10% return and it won't be secured. But would you like to do that? Then they at least know well okay I can choose yes or no if we want to do that as opposed to having no choice and being told well your assets are safe and it's being lent out. So in the case of all the yield farming within the ethos vault that will be all customer directed. They're going to look at each one and pick which ones they want to do. Do I want to do basket? Do I want to do none. That's going to be all up to them. So I think choice and control are really the key things here.
Speaker B: Okay. I think the final one for the day, it keeps coming. So thank you so much for being so interactive and this community really is something else in the crypto financial space. AA on YouTube is asking the teams think that with all the bankruptcy last year will there be more focus on decentralized projects along the lines of bitcoin. Thanks.
Speaker A: I hope so.
Speaker C: Yeah I sure as I hope so too. The space needs more decentralized projects and I think the bankruptcies really just illustrate just the festering issues that have existed in crypto for so long. But whats nice at least about this is that crypto has almost like a clean slate to build back up from and we can choose as a community what do we want to do? As we said before, crypto is at an inflection point. Do we want to go down the same route that led us here in the first place? Do we want to go down the centralized route or do we want to try something different and see if we can build something thats better? Theres just a lot of people building in the defi space right now too.
Speaker A: Like Derek's steered up finance. Theres some amazing decentralized stuff coming down the pike. And by the way folks, if you want to ask us questions directly you can just come to ethos IO. We have a discord channel, telegram channel. Come in and fire away. We're both in there and we'll answer whatever you'd like.
Speaker B: Adam, you come into my discord channel.
Speaker A: Of course I'm going to be your discord channel.
Speaker B: Yes one day soon. And of course if you own the RV entity, Sheila Clark, you are welcome to come into the real fishing discord.
Speaker C: I want to answer the right question.
Speaker B: Oh my lord. All right so really good conversation. We went through a lot of things. Thank you so much for answering every one of those again everybody who's watching, do your due diligence, your homework, you know, look at the risk factors that come with everything and anything out there to do with crypto. Adam and Shingo, for your, give us your final thoughts and key takeaways from the show today.
Speaker C: Adam, or do you want me to go first?
Speaker A: Well, I mean, I think the takeaways are, we do think that this is a new era in crypto where we believe you're going to see a lot of interesting projects that take advantage of cryptos true nature of decentralization. And we think that a lot of people are going to understand the benefits of keeping assets under their own control. And we'll see a new ecosystem evolve out from the current defi infrastructure. And I hope that builds a next generation crypto ecosystem that's more robust and open and safe and fair for everybody. And we're definitely tend to be part of that.
Speaker C: Yeah. What I would say is that I think that right now is a time for reflection in the crypto space. Why does crypto exist? Why are we doing all this stuff? Why are we creating this magic Internet money? And I think that there are very good reasons for why we're doing this, and there's very good reasons for crypto to exist. And we need to go back to crypto's roots. Crypto was created out of the define the status quo, define centralization, and it was created to help people. It was created to uplift people around the world. And I think that we need to focus on that, focus on the true utility of crypto, focus on the positives of crypto, and really choose as a community to do better, to be better, and to create a decentralized alternative to the current financial system.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, listening to you both, I hope we do get to spear ahead in the crypto space where people are safe and that we get to do DeFi with DeFi. I hope you both live up to, as builders live up to the name of your very company. So it's been an excellent conversation, conversation with you both, and thank you so much for, for your time today. Thank you for coming on the show. It's pleasure having you with us.
Speaker A: Thank you very much.
Speaker C: Thank you for having me.
Speaker A: Yeah, you've been great. Really appreciate this opportunity.
Speaker B: Thank you. So for those of you watching on YouTube, like subscribe and hit the notification bell, that way you will always stay up to date when you want to come and hang out. With us at real vision with the latest crypto news and analysis. The people that we have to booking the producer on the ground in all the interactive channels. If you're not a real vision crypto subscriber yet, don't forget it's free. Head to real vision.com forward slash crypto. And that's it for today. We'll be back tomorrow with former Fed economist turn investor Jo Zhao. See you at 09:00 a.m. pacific time. Nine noon at Eastern 05:00 p.m. london Live on real Vision Crypto Daily Breach briefing. We'll see you all then.
