Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30. 30 baby get 30, baby get 20. 2020, baby get 2020.
Speaker C: Bid to get 15.
Speaker D: 1515 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint mobile.com switch $45 upfront for three months.
Speaker B: Plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker C: Hello and welcome back. Here's why you need to watch today's real vision. Crypto Daily Briefing it's the final countdown for the ETH merge. The final test for a highly anticipated ethereum upgrade has been completed. We're going to discuss how this is affecting price and what's going to change. Plus, we're going to hear from crypto hedge fund manager Jay Jenner. He talks about how his fund profited from the Luna crash, his strategy, and talks about risk management. We're going to break all of that down, what he said, and give you the key takeaways. This is your show. Please send us your questions over Twitter, on the exchange on discord. We want to hear from you. My name is Marco Oliveira. With me today we have, as always, Ash Bennington. Let's jump into the latest price action. So cryptocurrencies are trading firmly in the green today, following yesterday's lower than expected us inflation reading. We've also just learned that the producer price index fell in July for the first time in two years. It measures wholesale prices, so those of final demand goods. Crypto, of course, remains highly sensitive to macro events, so easing inflation pressures are seen as a catalyst for risk assets. Once again, we're seeing the opposite of what this bitcoin ethos has been, namely that bitcoin could be a good inflation hedge. So for now, lower inflation is positive for bitcoins price movements. We're going to pull up this chart here. The biggest crypto bitcoin has hit $24,500, the highest level since mid June. But the real, real star performer today is once again Ethereum. It's up around 19% over the past week to go above $1,900. Industry experts point out that this could be because of positive developments ahead of the merge. And that brings us to our top story today. Ethereum's third and final testnet merge goes live on Goerly. It was the final dry run before its major upgrade. It has successfully merged with Goerly, one of Ethereum's testnets. This is an important step as Ethereum moves from proof of work to proof of stake for securing its network. By merging successfully with this testnet, it's likely that the main net merge will go smoothly. At least that's what people are believing. That, and the merge is. The merge with the Ethereum is expected to take place in September. Ash, can you explain? Because I get a little bit tripped up when it talks about guerrilli. What is all of that about? What's next for Ethereum as we get closer to this official merge?
Speaker B: Yeah, this stuff gets complicated. So first of all, let's talk about what the merge is. Just a refresher for people who may not remember the merge. Obviously is this transition from proof of work to proof of stake. This is a huge change in the consensus mechanism of Ethereum. It's a fundamental change in the nature of the way Ethereum works. It's going to, obviously when we move to proof of stake, it's going to facilitate staking, it's going to facilitate yield generation and also dramatically lower the profile for carbon usage, or energy usage, I should say, which is a proxy for how much carbon is being burned to secure the network. Now let's talk a little bit about Gurley here. This is interesting. First, we should probably refresh people on what a testnet is. A testnet is an independent environment that's separate from the main production environment that runs with real money. So effectively this is kind of a test environment where the developers were, people who were involved in the process can essentially play out some of the things that they expect to happen when it finally goes live into production. Guerrilla is the last of the testnets to go live, so this is seen by many as a concluding step of the testing process for that ultimate go live date, which as you mentioned, Marco, is in September.
Speaker C: Yeah, definitely. Very interesting. That brings us to other stories we're looking at today. So Ripple Labs is interested in buying assets from bankrupt crypto lender Celsius. So Reuters was reporting this, that Ripple Labs wants to do this. Ash here we have two major players in the crypto space, ripple that's looking to buy assets from Celsius, a troubled lender. And this isn't something new, though we've seen this similar things with FTX and Nexo earlier this year. What are your thoughts on this story with Ripple and Celsius?
Speaker B: Well, first, it's interesting to me that Ripple hasn't done any major deals yet I think I knew that. But the Reuters article, I think that you're referencing refreshed my memory of this. It's very interesting. The weird thing about the volatility in this space, it forces liquidations, it forces bankruptcies, and then it rebounds. So the article from Reuters mentions that bitcoin is down 70% from its highs on the year. That's from, rather, from its November 21, uh, highs of 69,000. It's also up, paradoxically, 28% from its lows. So that gives you a sense of what the volatility looks like in this space. Uh uh, and. And this is really, ultimately what we're talking about here. So it's always the same dance on Wall street, right? It's this dysfunctional tango between fear and greed. So you see asset prices decline, people want to get out of those assets. They fall to a certain level, they begin to look. They begin to look more appetizing when they're below a certain price, and then people want to get back in. So fear, greed, greed, fear. This cycle just continues to repeat itself. Look, Ripple sold $409 million in XRP in Q 222. So the idea that they want to deploy some of that probably makes a lot of sense here. If they believe that these assets are mispriced, they're going to come back in on the greed side of the equation. Marco?
Speaker C: Well, speaking about dysfunctional tango, this is not the only story involving Celsius in the past 24 hours. You know, Reuters is also reporting that the US Department of Justice has demanded more insight into Celsius bankruptcy process. Ash, what are they worried about?
Speaker B: Well, you know, this is. This is an interesting question. It seems as though what their concern is is that, and I'm just going to speak generally here, and none of this should be taken specifically, but in this particular case, you would think that what a regulator would be worried about would be the bankrupt entity trying to dilute assets to themselves. Meaning you have general creditors who in this case, include what you would roughly probably call depositors in the Celsius protocol. And the fear would be, hey, they're going to sell off some of these assets and they're going to pay them out. I think in severance packages was one of the things that was mentioned in this wire story. So that's the general concern and probably why they're seeking more information. Yet again, no allegations of wrongdoing here, but that seems to be a plausible scenario based on the fact pattern that we're aware of at this time. Marco?
Speaker C: Yeah. Ash, you mentioned selling assets and that kind of brings me to the next thing that I heard about Celsius on Twitter is rumbling around. There's reports that Alex Mashinsky, the CEO, he sold some of his holdings. And then on top of that, we've seen wild movements in the price of Celsius token. It's up around 18% today alone. What's going on here? This is something that our viewers have flagged.
Speaker B: Yeah. So there are probably two separate stories there. There's a report that Alex Mashinsky sold some Celsius tokens. It's not confirmed. We should talk a little bit about where these reports come from. So effectively, these are chain analysis firms that tend to basically, they go through and they look at wallet activity and they, based on that activity, believe that a wallet is associated with a particular person or entity. We don't know that. That's not confirmed. This is just speculative. I believe it's a rather small number of coins, I think something in the order of $28,000, which in the grand scheme of things is relatively small. But again, this isn't confirmed. This is what a chain analysis type of firm on chain analytics firm is saying that they believe that the wallet associated with the sale may belong to Alex Mashinsky. Again, unconfirmed. We'll find out more in the future. On the other point, we know a little bit more, which is the rise in price for the cell token. There's a lot of talk here about a short squeeze. A short squeeze is when you have shorts getting squeezed out by upward price action. So what's happening here is pretty interesting. There's a story on Reddit that basically looks like the Wall street bets. Kinds of folks are doing something similar right now with the sell token, as we saw on, for example, GameStop. This is obviously a story that we reported on extensively a while ago, and that was the big news. And so we're potentially here seeing this thing again. This organized effort to come in and buy the sell token. It's obviously surged dramatically in price since the lows, I think it was trading is at around $0.15. I'm looking right now on my screen trading at about $2.38. So whatever that is like a sevenfold increase from where it was a considerable move, Marco.
Speaker C: Yeah, well, I have to give the thanks to Fred and on our real vision website for flagging. This angle is really an important angle to cover. Onto our next story here, Coinbase can't seem to catch a break. Coinbase is under SEC scrutiny over its crypto staking programs. The popular exchange received investigative subpoenas from the SEC and other regulators over its crypto yield and staking products. Man, ash, when it rains, it pours. Just yesterday, we covered Coinbase's revenue loss of over a billion dollars. This is on top of the news of the layoffs, on top of the news of multiple other investigations going around. What do you make of the SEC poking around here? What are your thoughts?
Speaker B: Well, first, let me just say I'm looking at the chart right now, and it's up about 3% on the day. Trading around looks like 97, 96, 98 on my screen. So apparently there's not been any cascade down effects on this. Look, it's a lot of stuff. I went and I read that section of the quarterly report. It says that Coinbase has received, as you said, investigative subpoenas from SEC and similar subpoenas from other state regulators. I read that entire section of the report, and look, it is extensive. The Coindesk headline on this story. Coindesk, not Coinbase, but the Coindesk headline on this story is that it's about staking and yield. I think it's broader than that. Let me read some of this language here just because I think it's important for people to get some insight on what's actually in the report. Quote, for documents. This is what the subpoena is seeking. Quote, for documents and information about certain of our customer programs, operations, and intended future products, including our stablecoin and yield generating products. So it's not explicitly limited to that, which I think is an important point for people to understand. Also important to add here. This is what you do in a quarterly filing. You go out and you disclose things, and you want to disclose things in a way that is, let's say, maximally impactful. In other words, you want to make sure that any bad news that you have, you get out there because you don't want the liability of saying you didn't communicate to the shareholders properly about the things that were happening. So if there's something negative, you just want to get it out. It's almost like in an s one document where you see every potential risk under the sun listed. That's typically what happens in these types of situations. For me, when I read that language, it sounds like regulators are really just trying to get their head around what these products are about. When you hear sec, you have to think immediately. At least I think that a big chunk of what they're wondering here is the most basic and fundamental age old question in crypto, which is this is it a security. This gets back to stories to talk about the Howey test. Are these products that coinbase is listing considered securities by Sec? And so when you mentioned, when you mention the subpoena, that's sort of what I think of just generally speaking on this story. So there's a lot of stuff going on here. And, you know, you have to believe on the staking side that what happened with Celsius and what happened with some of the other yield generating plays, it's getting a lot of attention right now from regulators because of, because of those considerable failures that we've seen here over the last few months. My own take on this is that if something looks like a banking product, it walks like a banking product, it talks like a banking product. They're probably ultimately going to get regulated like a banking product. And I think that that's, that's at least my broad take on what's happening in the staking field. Ultimately, I think regulations start to get harmonized over time. So that when you have crypto lenders that are offering yield generation, it probably looks a lot more like the way banking products are being regulated when people are making deposits, for example, in a cd. But that's just my general take. As I said, it's a lot of stuff and it's tough to tease through all those sub points. Marco.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint mobile, unlimited premium wireless. How do they get 30? 30, baby, get 30 bid to get 20. 2020 biddy get 2020.
Speaker D: 1515, just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try@mintmobile.com.
Speaker B: Switch $45 up front for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited. More than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot no.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's definitely a lot of stuff. I mean, when you say sec, is it just security? I get PTSD here. You know, a lot of people on the Twitter space, it's something that, it's an important topic that is discussed quite often and, but moving on to a different topic, back to Ethereum merge. Right. It reminds us a lot about Crypto's appeal. It's this hope and expectation. And many of the guests we bring onto our show, they really believe in it. And we have this clip here with Jay Janner. He's the head of a quantitative investment at KPTL. He's a former trader at Morgan Stanley Lloyd's bank. We came across him in a Financial Times article. He's one of the few hedge funds that was profiting during the Luna collapse. The Luna collapse were over $40 billion in market cap evaporate over a few weeks. What was interesting to me is that even though he's the head of a fund that trades cryptos, his thoughts on crypto and decentralization might surprise our viewers. Let's take a listen.
Speaker D: I still sort of disagree with my son about something fundamental. My son believes that decentralized databases and blockchains is the future of humanity. I'm an old guy. I'm 65, so I'm much more skeptical about lots of things. And I agree that that decentralized and blockchains and all of this will be important and so on. I don't think we quite understand how, but there is a fundamental problem with coins, with crypto coins, in that you don't own a security, you do not own a piece of the action, you do not have a dividend yield, you do not have a percent of a company. You cannot analyze. I don't know the protocol that for which that coin was generated. For example, ether for Ethereum. Ethereum is a wonderful operating system for protocol, etcetera. But you're not an owner of Ethereum. You have a coin called ether, which will be used in that ecosystem. So it's the utility value of that coin, but that's incredibly hard to value as an asset. So therefore, I believe that the volatility is here to stay for a long time, and I believe it's going to be traded, emotionally forever. I don't see how it's going to change. So emotional trading makes for very nice modeling. Unlike regular assets. Regular assets. You really should get your stuff together. You understand what information is, what the Fed is doing, what dividends are, what this company is doing, what that and this and the other. You should have to correlate everything and in your head and then coming up with a model to trend follow that. It's a little far fetched.
Speaker B: This is really fascinating, Jay, because it's a different take. Many of our guests say that they see the crypto asset space beginning to mature over the years to come, that eventually we're going to see something that looks more like a traditional capital markets model. But you're saying, in your view, no. In fact, you're a bit skeptical of that idea. You suspect that the volatility is here to stay because of the fundamental nature of what the claim on the asset itself is exactly.
Speaker D: It is nothing more than a coin fiat coin. Dollar against euro. Well, dollar against euro, there's a lot of fundamental. You can talk about why it's worth practically one, and there is some emotional part to it. But essentially, you have to know the economies of the United States, economies of Europe, etcetera, and you have to know the purchasing parity economics of it and all that other stuff. But what makes bitcoin be worth 10,000 and not 1000 or what, 100,000? And why is it now worth only 10,000 or 20,000, whatever it is? I mean, all of that depends if money leaves the system, comes into the system, if it correlates to Nasdaq. Nowadays it's correlating to Nasdaq. That wasn't that the case. That wasn't the case, etcetera. So I think you're pulling straws if you believe that you can come up with a model of value for coins. And I don't think if Goldman Sachs or Morgan Stanley or any of these guys start trading this stuff with big money, it's going to all of a sudden find its true value or reduce volatility. I think they're just going to be those crazy guys in the corner trading. That's weird stuff. And so I disagree. I think they do have value, but it's a different kind of asset. It's an asset that didn't exist before because it's a kind of a utility asset, but it doesn't give you a claim to anything at all.
Speaker C: You know, Ash, it's really interesting. Jenner, he's talking about the security issue as well as Ethereum, tying in these two top stories today. But you know what strikes me the most? This clip actually reminds me one of the first interviews I was sitting in, and the producer, the associate producer chair at the time, it was with Ari Pine, an old school trader. Was a really long time ago, I don't know if you remember it, but there was this.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: And there was this exchange between the two of you. And he said something along the lines of, the beautiful thing about bitcoin and other digital assets is you don't have to believe in it to trade it. And that really stuck with me. And here we have Jay kind of saying the same thing. Ash, explain what they mean by this, this idea of trading assets even when we're skeptical of them.
Speaker B: Well, first, great callback to Ari Pine. We should have Ari on again. That was a fantastic conversation. Look, here's the thing. I don't think that Jay disbelieves in the digital asset space. I just don't think he especially believes in it. I guess, to use a crude metaphor, he's not an atheist. He's an agnostic. And I think that's interesting because it makes sense. Jay is trader. He looks at price action. He makes determinations about whether to buy and sell and how to position himself based on price action. And I think it makes the point that not everyone has to believe in this space, particularly if they're trading and they have a core set of trading skills that they bring to the table that they can apply from another domain. It's not necessarily something that requires a purity test. You don't have to actually believe in the future of the space. I'm not 100% certain that I agree that there are no fundamentals in crypto. And by the way, that's okay. That's what makes a market, that's what makes a conversation, is people have different perspectives and you don't really know. It's like the future is always uncertain. And so we think about these things. I think there are actually plenty of fundamentals to look at in the space. Things like wallet address creation, network volumes, et cetera. So he's right that this has been trading like a speculative risk asset. Crypto prices have obviously been correlated to central bank policy, correlated to liquidity. The old joke about how the correlation trade goes to one, you basically, you know, what bitcoin did on any given day. If you know where the Nasdaq 100 finished the day, because they've been, they've been so intensely correlated, does that stay the case forever? Maybe not, but maybe, you know, predictions are hard, especially about the future. But what's interesting about traders is that, and the reason why I think it's so great to have folks on like Jay Janer is that they don't get caught up in all the speculative metaphysics. Right. They just are saying, hey, I'm looking at price. This is what's happened in the past. This is what I foresee happening in the future. You know, is any individual always right? No, of course. Nothing. But it's a valuable and interesting way to look at this asset class so that we can get some understanding and we can explore what's happening in there from a different perspective. Marco.
Speaker C: Yeah. Predictions are definitely really hard to make, and that's why I think it's important when you're setting up trades to kind of also set the structure of your portfolio. It's kind of like, it's another element to add that kind of takes away from having to make your main point be the predictions. And so in this next clip, you guys discussed how his fund structures the trading portfolio and what they do. Let's take a listen.
Speaker D: In crypto land is if there's a huge bull market, speculators go into perpetuals much more than they go into cash. So the volume of perpetual trading in crypto is double the size of cash trading. Okay, so it's much bigger. It's tremendously much bigger. So all of the speculators, they go into perpetuals because with a lot less money, essentially, you're just post collateral. You can have the same position as the cash. So whenever there is a bull market, like at the end of 2020, the beginning of 21, these perpetuals became much more expensive than cash, which means us arbitrageurs, people that try to benefit from that. What we do is we buy the cash, sell the perpetual, and keep that difference, because eventually that difference narrows down. For example, when the market turns, that does narrow, it goes to zero, and I'm short that spread. Another thing that happens, of course, is that spread is simply very volatile. So we tend to do something like two 3000 trades a day, right? Because we're essentially arbitraging that spread between the futures and cash. That's what we did in bor for. We do that with 94% of the fund. The other 6% of the fund is dedicated. That was put aside for collateral, to put as collateral against long shorts, the stuff that I had been building for my own money, right, for all the years before. So what I wanted to do is I wanted to tell my friends, look, I tell you what, a little piece of this fund will be dedicated to long, short positions and may give you a little extra money, a little extra return. And what happened was, for this particular fund, we made for in the seven months of. Of 2020, we made 18% after fees, and last year we made 61% after fees with no losing months. So everything was going fine. But we're virtually zero return this year in that particular fund. Now, you may ask, that's crazy. How did that happen? Well, since November, we've had a crash in crypto, or some people call it a crypto winter, because it's actually a slow, painful crash that's taken eight months. And what happened there is that the futures, they collapse to cash, or they become even negative to cash, because as you can imagine, speculators start going the other way. So that trade of buying cash and selling futures is no longer profitable because the futures become negative. So most of our position is in cash. We're not virtually positioned anymore. 96% of the portfolio waiting for the market to stabilize, because this particular drop in the markets, and by the way, it's not only in the crypto markets, as we know well, is just. We're just waiting for it to stop. When it stabilizes, perhaps it comes back up and so on. That's when, hopefully, these spreads will normalize, come back to being normally what they are, which is positive, etcetera.
Speaker C: Ash, there's a lot to unpack there. In that clip, Jay mentioned that 94% of the fund is dedicated to arbitrage in the spread between perpetual futures and the cash market. Why don't we start there? For those who don't know what perpetual futures are, give us the basics. Break down this arbitraging idea.
Speaker B: Yeah. So, perpetual futures, also known as perpetual swaps, they're a derivatives instrument. They're very similar to traditional futures, except they don't have an expiry date, hence the perpetual. So they just continue, and you can continue to hold them. So it's an easier way for investors to get longer term exposure from a derivatives position to an underlying asset. Why would you want to own perpetual swaps instead of the underlying? Mostly it's because of the capacity to lever up the position. Because these are synthetic, they're not relying on anyone holding the underlying. So, as Jay said, they are larger than the cash market, I think he says by a factor of two, because of the leverage, and he alludes directly to that in that clip. So what does he do? Is the second question here. So, this is an arbitrage strategy that relies on price differentials between the cash market and the. And the futures market. So perpetual has become more expensive than cash. There's higher demand that drives up the price. You get this contango situation where you have the future price being higher than the current spot. The opposite is backwardation. So what arbitrageurs are doing, and what Jay is doing in this particular case, is he's buying the cash position while simultaneously selling the perpetuals position. Eventually, they converge. Since crypto winter, they collapsed cash, meaning that spread eventually went negative. That's the game that he's playing, Marco.
Speaker C: Yeah, definitely went negative. And he said that he's 96% in cash, which I actually also found really interesting. But I wanted to ask you something else that he mentioned that really stood out to me, is he said he's doing two to 3000 trades a day. Do you need, like, a program or an algorithm to run this type of trade?
Speaker B: Well, to do two to 3000 trades a day, you would certainly need a program. But the underlying strategies don't actually require any type of algorithmic trading. You can put these positions on manually, so that you can, for example, buy the cash and sell the perpetual simultaneously, just manually. So that doesn't require a computer to do. But it's important to note precisely, as you say, that went negative, meaning they are currently in backwardation. In fact, it's the deepest backwardation since 2020 right now, meaning that inversion of that future curve, you see the spot considerably above where the perpetual or the future price is.
Speaker C: Well, even though that trade went negative, he mentioned there's another 6% of the trade, which he uses for collateral and the long shorts. I believe that's how he structured his lunar trade. So this next clip here is Jay explaining the lunar trade. We mentioned here at the top of the show that he profited off the lunar trade. It was in the Financial Times article. Let's hear what he has to say about it.
Speaker D: Look, my formulas simply saw that Terra was beginning to tank. Waluna was beginning to tank before. We don't trade, by definition, we don't trade stable coins. So we're not involved with stablecoin trading or market making or anything like that. So Terra itself was not the. We didn't think, we didn't know that Terra would all of a sudden collapse and lose its peg ust. But we certainly saw, my models were obviously detecting that Luna itself was beginning to lose value, was beginning to go bare and was short. So when UST lost its peg, Luna collapsed, we were short. It's as simple as that. And then there was, for every trade that we have on, we have stop losses and we have profit goals. And we had, I think it was a 65% profit goal for that short. And it happened in about two days. So we got there and we got out. That's as simple as that. But I think the part that maybe, I don't know if they. I mean, I didn't mean to say that we made millions of dollars in that particular trade. It was just a very successful trade. But we've had lots of very successful trades in either way, bulls and bears situations. We made a lot good money in the crash of last year. For example, there was a mini crash, mini, not so many, actually, a 50% crash in two weeks in May of last year. We made some good money there.
Speaker B: What was the strategy that you used during that crash? Was it simply trend following or is there something else that you guys were doing to profit from that downturn in asset prices.
Speaker D: Yeah. So there it was, trend following in the long shorts, as usual. As I was saying before, we are short the spread, meaning we're long the coin and short the futures. Right. And in a collapse, when a market collapses fast, the futures tends to go down faster than cash. Why? Because all the speculators get out. Right. And there are more speculators in the future than there are in the cash. The volume is double, as I said. So they got out first, and then the hedgers come in and they hedge and they go down. So the spreads went from being positive to being negative, and we were short that spread. So we made money in both situations, in the spread trading, as well as in being short the long short.
Speaker C: Ash, something that really struck me here is Jay mentions that he's following a trend following strategy in the long shorts. Can you break down what a trend following means? What this strategy is, what kind of indicators typically are associated with that type of strategy?
Speaker B: Well, there's no joke that there are only two types of trading strategies. The first is mean reversion, which means that when you see outperformance on a particular asset or underperformance on a particular asset, it will ultimately converge back to its traditional pattern. And the second is trend following. Trend following? If you want the short description of it, it's the old Wall street joke. Why did you buy the stock? Well, I bought it because the price went up. So trend following is basically coming in and following what you see is a trend. You can see this on any number of technical indicators. Typically, people look at moving averages. When you see wild breakouts above moving averages, it's a signal that folks are piling into that trade and then other folks will follow. Now, it gets a lot more complicated than that. Obviously, you can bring in things like algorithms to pick entries and exit prices. People use things like VWAP. That's the volume weighted average price to think about where they get in and out of positions on a tactical level. But he also mentioned the spread trade, which I think is important for people to understand. We talked about it a little bit during the last break. But the idea here is you're long the coin and you're short the future. So futures, perpetual swaps, as he said, decline faster than the cash position because the speculators want to exit those trades quickly. So when you have that two legs of the trade, long the coin, short the future, the spread effectively tightens. This is sometimes called a tightener trade, and Jay makes money when that happens and things move in his direction. Marko.
Speaker E: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what. With each vendor, Ramp's software collects and verifies receipts instantly. To save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments. Time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use Ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker, adding Ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get $250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy. Ramp.com easy ramp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank and celtic bank members have DIC. Terms and conditions apply.
Speaker C: Yeah, you know, I think it's funny when you said trend following, I bought it because the price went up. And that just reminds, like, I think of, like, all the people on Twitter, you know, trading number go up, and that a lot of people sometimes do that. They trade because. Just simply because the number goes up. And I think that this next clip is really important because that's kind of a dangerous strategy. You want to make sure that you're putting proper risk control and risk management techniques in place. Let's take a listen to what Jay has to say about that.
Speaker D: What I've learned is that you need to be well in control of the risk. You need to really understand the gamble that you're running. You may have a good formula, you may have a good idea, and so on and so forth, but you don't want to lose your capital and be out of the market. Right? So it's all about risk control. It's all about having stops having profit goals, having understanding that we're talking about assets with volatility of over 100% and being incredibly systematic and cold blooded about the way you trade.
Speaker B: How do you do that, Jay? At the fund?
Speaker D: Oh, we do it systematically. We do it automatically. We don't mess with. I mean, we change. We tweak the formulas over time, but we don't. We have certain ratios of risk to. We aim at a volatility. Right. We aim at a certain volatility in the fund. In the case of bore. We want it below 10% volatility. So you gauge all of your notionals that you're trading according to that, and it's really as simple as that. And what you want and you target.
Speaker B: It in terms of the execution.
Speaker D: Well, you do all kinds of statistical analysis of the past, and then as you start to execute, you make sure you adjust your notional so that that's what you're getting in terms of volatility. And of course, there will be months where things go more crazy than that. Then you have to adjust down the notional. So you do have a dial on the notional, and that is critical because you don't want to lose control of your risk, you don't want to have a big drawdown. I personally think in general, in life, people that have big drawdowns and are out, what they're doing is they're handing their money over to the professionals. That's essentially what happens around the world of trading in general. It's the people that can't stand the drawdown, can't stand the losses that leave the money on the table. To who? To the people that are controlling the risk.
Speaker C: Ash, as Jay talks about risk control, I'm reminded of a few horror stories I've heard. A few of them people were actually in profit earlier in the trade, but because they didn't have proper take profit points in place, the trade eventually turned against them. There's been other stories I've heard where traders had no stop losses in place and they invested too much, got wiped out completely. Ash for the viewers out there, explain the importance of risk management and describe some common risk management techniques that traders typically use.
Speaker B: Well, it's really interesting. Jay begins by saying, you need to be well in control of the risk. And then he states it even more nakedly. You need to really understand the gamble that you're running. That's a classic sort of trader perspective on the world. Some risk management techniques, and obviously we don't have time to talk about them in detail here today, but things like stop loss and take profit orders, meaning when you fall below a certain level, you automatically begin to liquidate the position programmatically based on a limit order that's been placed in the system. Portfolio diversification, of course, maintaining cash buffers. The point here is that these are really critical things for people to understand, particularly professional investors and traders. Let's just say on other financial news networks often don't talk about this stuff because they get them on and they say, what was the trade? And it isn't glamorous. It isn't the most sexy thing to talk about, but this is absolutely critical. One of the things that I love about what we do here at real vision is we talk to the best traders and investors in the world. Many of them have been on our air. We've talked to them extensively. And it's not just about the kind of glamorous headline question that everyone wants to know the answer to. How'd you get this trade idea? Well, when you talk to them and you listen to how they knew the nuance of how they structure trades, how they think about risk, I think in many ways that's the key to the success of many of the greatest traders and investors we've had here on real vision. Marco?
Speaker C: Yeah. Ash. I mean, that's definitely the key to success for a lot of traders. And being able to point that out, like you said, it isn't glamorous, but it's critical. Ash, you were able really to extract so much of the important information out of this interview, and I learned a lot today. I feel like this is what the viewers can take away from your conversation with Jay. First, Jay expressed his skepticism towards digital assets. He's trading them like you mentioned, he's agnostic. You broke down the fundamentals, you see, like wallet address creation, network volumes. And I actually agree that those are some fundamental things to pay attention to. But at the same time, you know, just being open minded and trading is a good thing for the industry as in general. Jay also talked about trading the spreads between perpetual futures and notionals. You gave us the 101 lesson on perpetuals and arbitrage. A lot of information there to deep dive math. To watch this again, we also discussed Jay's trend following strategy that he used to profit from the Luna crash. You broke down. What trend following is the type of indicators associated with this strategy? And finally, you and Jay both stress the importance of risk control and risk management. You know, the thing about crypto is it's one of the few places where novice traders can compete with sophisticated traders regularly. And risk management is crucial to surviving and thriving in that type of environment. Like you said, it might not be glamorous, but they're critical. So onto the last segment of our show. Viewer questions. Here's the first one from Fred N on the real Vision website. How is a cell token, which is locked up if you hold it at Celsius like I do, being traded? Where are these trades happening?
Speaker B: Yeah, so this is a great question. So first, let's talk a little bit about what's happened at Celsius. They have effectively gated withdrawals and other transactions, meaning they are not making redemptions on outstanding claims. However, these tokens are still being traded in the secondary market. I think we have a chart here we can see real quick. This is the sell eth pair volume that we see on uniswap. This is obviously a Dex, a decentralized exchange, so you can effectively have the tokens trading freely, even when there's been a redemption freeze by the issuing entity. I hope that helps, Fred.
Speaker C: Yeah, definitely. I see there's a good bit of volume there, 206,000. You can also trade it on one inch and other places as well. So it's a very interesting question. Thanks for the question, Freddy. Onto the next question from versus. This comes off the rv real vision website. Please describe the yield in ETH very simply. Ash.
Speaker B: Yes, it's a great question. The challenge obviously here is very simply, the idea here in proof of stake is that individual holders of Ethereum can effectively lock their ETH up and generate a yield by having it locked so that you have effectively this difference between the cash price and the future price. That's how you get your yield curve. It's a different methodology for securing the chain from what we have, for example, on bitcoin and Ethereum today, even, which is still based on proof of work. So it's a really fundamental change in the way that the asset gets secured on the network and that translates into yield generation. I hope that helps.
Speaker C: Yeah, no, it definitely helps. The next question we have here is, from crypto the only on YouTube, what could cause the crypto and stock correlation to change? And the same with Ethereum and bitcoin. Could they ever decouple?
Speaker B: Great questions. Crypto the only, and let me take them each in turn. So what could cause crypto and stock correlation to change? This is a really interesting question. I actually just spoke with Mark Gusko yesterday from Morgan Creek, one of the great hedge fund managers in the space, and he made this important point about thinking about bitcoin prices, in fact, all digital asset prices. And what he said is, you have to remember, when we talk about bitcoin going up, bitcoin going down, you're talking about it in us dollars. So the base unit that you're thinking about these currencies in, obviously is a hugely important part of understanding price. So why do I bring this base unit thing up when the question is about correlation to equity markets? The answer is because what we're seeing right now is this liquidity driven trade in crypto, when you see the price of, when you see the price of crypto rise, or let me say, take it the other way around, when you see central bank expanding their monetary policy, when you see them becoming more accommodative, you see the prices rise because there's more liquidity flowing into the system. And the converse, when you see central banks tightening, which is the cycle that we're in right now, when you see central banks tightening, you see prices decline. Then when we have things come out like CPI prints, for example, yesterday and PPI print today, you have changes in the price of risk assets and digital risk assets, because there's the expectation of future change from central banks. So when you had, for example, the CPI print coming out cooler than it had the prior month in July, what you saw was a rise in digital asset prices. That's because investors are speculating that, ok, the Fed is not going to have to clamp down liquidity and raise like 100 basis points next time because inflation is totally out of control. So this correlation really is about what's happening right now through the central bank transmission mechanism. So how could this change? How could that correlation break down? Well, if, for example, many bitcoiners have always made the case that bitcoin is an asset that they're very passionate about because it's off the grid and central banks have less ability to dilute it. Now, I know we've just made the countercase, but in their thesis, which is very different from what we've seen to date, which doesn't mean that it can't happen in the future, is if you have an event, for example, hyperinflation over a period of time, you may have bitcoin specifically being a store of value, function, asset, meaning people want to run away, in their view, in the bitcoiner's view, from the us dollar into bitcoin because it's not subject to central bank dilution, we haven't seen that yet. But again, the question is, what could cause this decoupling at some point in the future? So ethereum and bitcoin, could they ever decouple? Sure. Absolutely. Why not? Story specific to either one of those protocols. For example, I'll give you a hypothetical. This is not the case. It's just a counterfactual for a thought experiment. But if, when the Gurley transition took place on testnet, if there was a significant problem involved in, in that transition, if something came out in the testnet that made it look as though the transition to proof of stake was problematic, it probably would have been likely that you would have seen a decline in the Ethereum price when that happened. Now if on the same day you had positive news on inflation, you could see, you could see the central bank trade in bitcoin drive the price higher. So you could have that divergence between bitcoin and ethereum.
Speaker C: Ash, as you mentioned, this ethereum and the test with Gorlion, the transition from proof of work to proof of stake, that actually brings us perfectly to our next question from crypto J from the real vision website. He's asking how do you assess the prospects of an ETH proof of work fork? What are your thoughts there?
Speaker B: You know, it's an open question at this point. You read, you read about the, I think Justin sun was talking about the potential for a hard fork here. We really don't know. This is one of these really challenging things and trying to assess it. Let me just give this sort of general commentary about how I think about this process more broadly. And this is a very specific question, but I want to give a little bit of general context here. So the general assumption that most folks in the space seem to be making based on the price action is that the test scenarios have gone extremely well for the Ethereum merge. The transition from proof of work to proof of stake. Look, we have some of the smartest minds, literally the most brilliant people on the planet in the digital asset ecosystem, in cryptocurrency working on figuring out this merge. So there's this broad sense of, I think, feeling of optimism around how well this transition is going. It's been likened to changing the jet engines on a plane at 50,000ft in terms of the level of complexity of the engineering, to do this into a main net while the protocol is still running. You know, my feeling on this is while there are certainly very positive signs, and you do have many of the most brilliant minds in the space working on it, there's still uncertainty. This has never been done before. And when I look at the price action, I don't see uncertainty, I see complacency. That's not suggesting that there's going to be a catastrophic failure in September if the merge happens on that date. I'm just saying, look, we just don't know how this is going to work at scale when there are huge hundreds of billions of dollars behind this. Things may look a little bit different than they do in the testnet, in my view at least. I think we see a little bit more complacency. And I don't usually give opinions on this kind of stuff. But I just. It just feels to me like the trade has been in one direction. Every time something happens, every time there's a, there's a milestone that's met along that transition schedule to, uh, to, uh, proof of stake, everyone comes out and celebrates in their champagne corks and the price goes up. And I, I just wonder, hey, listen, maybe the odds are 50 50 basis points, one half of 1%, that there's a negative impact. I just don't think that you can, you can totally eliminate that. You get into this question of, you know, what happens when you have high impact, low probability events. They're very difficult to price, uh, things like, for example, the risk of hurricanes to insurance companies and in traditional stock markets. So we're just going to have to wait and see on all of those things. And there really are no certain answers that one can give now on either this specific question about the proof of work fork. We already have Ethereum classic, so I guess if you're interested in that, there's already a way to participate in it, but a lot of uncertainty, a lot of unanswered questions right now. I think it's reasonable to say that the price action in the space is suggesting that, that investors are really shrugging off those concerns. Maybe that's something that should make you.
Speaker C: Think, yeah, and as you mentioned, we already have Ethereum classic, and even if we did have a proof of work fork, I mean, is there any. There's no indication that it'd be successful. Would developers transition to it? There's a lot of questions there. So definitely something that we have to keep an eye on, but maybe something that we can answer in the future and have a great guest on, on the show.
Speaker B: And listen, by the way, we've already seen this with bitcoin. We have things like BSV, so we saw those. I remember during the 2017 cycle, I was covering this over at Coindesk, and I remember exactly these conversations. And if you do have a hard fork, look, you can have a fork. If some group of miners or validators in the ecosystem decide to transition, that doesn't mean that it's a catastrophic failure of the underlying protocol. I remember this very well during the block size wars. If you're interested, Google block size wars on bitcoin, you can get a little bit of context. And the bottom line is, here we are in 2022 and bitcoin, the main protocol is still chugging along.
Speaker C: Exactly. So who knows? I guess TBD. Well, Ash, thanks for a great show. That's it for today's show, everybody. We have a great episode of Rall's adventures in crypto coming out tomorrow. Ralph sits down with Ben Mesrich. Ben Mesric is a best selling author, screenwriter, founder of the Ben Mesrich NFT project. His work, you can see his work in movies such as 21 the Social Network. They talk about the collapse of legacy media, creating narratives in this wild and crazy world of web three, and how NFTs might flip the film industry on its head. It's an episode you don't want to miss. See you next week live on real vision, crypto, daily briefing.
