Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited premium wireless. Everybody get 30. 30, baby get 30. Baby get 20. 2020, baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint.
Speaker C: Mobile.Com switch $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: Hello, and welcome back to the real vision crypto daily briefing. Here's why you should tune into today's show. JP Morgan executes its first defi transaction on the Polygon network. And now you can mint and trade your NFTs on Instagram. Plus, what's going on with bitcoin? Will Clement, co founder of reflexivity Research, is with us to break it all down. Stay tuned for that. I'm Nico Bruga, and if you own some BTC, you want to stick around for this one. Our rockstar crypto producer, Marco Oliveira, is raring to go with our guest today. But first, DM. Good morning. How are you, sir?
Speaker E: I'm good, Nico, thanks for doing this on short notice. I know that you had some, some things and you had to hop in, so I appreciate you coming in.
Speaker D: Oh, it is always my pleasure, sir, to come in and sit down with you and wax poetic about this wild world of crypto. And with that said, don't forget to subscribe to real Vision Crypto. It's free if you're watching on YouTube, like subscribe and hit the notification bell so you don't miss when we go live. All right, with that said, let's jump into the latest price action. BTC price movement is barely phased by the Fed, raising rates by 75 basis points. It is currently trading at just above the 20,200 mark. Looks like the crypto markets remain in range bounds. Marko, what are you looking at?
Speaker E: Well, definitely true that the crypto markets remain range bound. I mean, we've been seeing a lot of this sideways movement. We're going to get into bitcoin later today, but so other than bitcoin, I'm really looking at Matic Polygon. It's up between nine and 10% in the last 24 hours. Lots of news and activity around this layer two blockchain, especially news around JP Morgan and Instagram, which we're going to be covering in our stories today. But that's all I'm looking at, Nico.
Speaker D: Thanks, Marco. Now let's move on to our top story. We know JP Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon hasn't always been the warmest towards crypto, but when it comes to streamlining global payments, they want in, Bloomberg reported. While the transaction wasn't a crypto trade, it used the infrastructure developed by crypto firms. We picked up this announcement through a thread posted by Tyrone Lobon. He is head of blockchain launch and onyx digital assets by JP Morgan. He tweeted JP Morgan executed its first live trade on public blockchain. This definitely feels like a win for the crypto community. They can breathe a sigh of relief and say, well, at least the tech is working. But Marco, what do you make of this story and why is it such a significant step?
Speaker E: Well, Nico, it was significant because this was JP Morgan's first ever cross border transaction over Defi, and cross border payments is something that a lot of people in the crypto space are always talking about. This trade was facilitated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore's Mas project Guardian. We had Subnendo Mehenti, who is the head of that with RaL some time ago. So definitely it's an industry. It's a place where there's a lot of activity going on. They established this pilot program to explore potential Defi applications in wholesale funding markets. Singapore's largest bank, DBS Bank, Tokyo based banking firm SBI Digital Asset holdings were part of that program, and the trade was carried out on Polygon, as you mentioned, a layer two network on Ethereum using a modified version of the AaVe protocol's smart contract code. The trade involved a tokenized singaporean dollar and japanese yen deposits, and the program also simulated the exercise of buying and selling of tokenized government bonds. Obviously, it wasn't actually crypto, but it was these tokenized currencies there. The head of blockchain at Onnx reacted to this program. He said the future is really working towards scaling this pivotal moment. So overall, this is a really positive sign for the industry.
Speaker D: Nico yeah, definitely feels that way. And thank you for that breakdown market MaRco it also seems like Singapore is definitely the beating heart of crypto in Asia. They're already working with other big banking giants on token pilots, so lots to come in the land of Defi and shout out to our visionaries in Singapore. We'll have to come and visit you all soon. But moving on to our next story, another topic that's buzzing nonstop on Twitter. Another big tech company comes out to play with crypto meta announced that it will allow creators to make their own digital collectibles on Instagram, and creators will be able to mint and trade NFTs on the polygon blockchain. Marco, I know this is a big deal, but how big is big, you think?
Speaker E: Well, in terms of a big deal, we'll get to that in a second. What I would say is it's not a surprise. I mean, we've heard, you know, people like Raoul and other people say every big web two platform seems to have a web three strategy nowadays. But in terms of how big of a deal it is, I think it really just depends on your timeframe and how you look at it. The NFT market is clearly still hurting. According to recent data from DAP radar, total NFT trading volume is down 25% from the previous month, currently sitting at around 700 million, which is pretty far away from the peak of 5 billion we saw during the bull market. Will this move from meta and move the needle in the short term? I don't think it's likely, but that said, some people are short term bullish on this news as of today. The native token of are we, which is the decentralized storage solution that meta is using to archive these digital collectibles. It pumps 60% on the news. All in all, I think meta getting involved with nfts is huge in the long term. Instagram has, as you know, Nico, 1 billion monthly active users. Facebook has almost 3 billion. So this is nearly 3 billion people that are going to be exposed to nfts as a result of this move. And that's, that's definitely huge.
Speaker D: Yeah, definitely. And do we have a sense of how it will work yet?
Speaker E: Well, yeah, so when you go on Instagram, you click on the burger, which is that little menu button up on the top right corner, you'll see an option for digital collectibles. You'll be able to find nfts there. There's also an option to connect your metamask, phantom and coinbase wallets. Uh, some of the team here at real vision actually tested this out and it works. I should add that this, these features are only available to people in the US for now, but this is a big sign as to where the world may be heading soon.
Speaker D: Yeah, definitely. And with meta being one of the biggest tech companies in the world, this could potentially be laying the foundation for nfts to really go mainstream finally.
Speaker E: Yeah, I absolutely agree with that. I mean, definitely mainstream. Obviously, there's a lot to discuss in terms of whether it impacts decentralization because meta is a people say, oh, it's like one of those big tech companies, centralized. But by enabling more people to share art and content through nfts, I think meta is really just doing justice. Bringing people into web three.
Speaker D: Absolutely. That's all we can hope for right now. Now onto our last story before we get to our interview. It's no secret that it's been rough this crypto winter. One part of the crypto industry that's really got a beating is the crypto mining business. I'm not really sure what to make of this one, but I wanted to flag it to everybody and get your thoughts on it. Marco. Marathon Digital holdings, one of the biggest crypto mining companies, just added another 615 BTC to their spreadsheet. Marco, that is incredible. What do you make of this?
Speaker E: Well, you know, it's funny. We're actually going to be talking about bitcoin mining today with Will Clemente. So it's perfect time to touch on the subject. But, yeah, this is huge for marathon digital. They met, they mined a record 615 bitcoin in October. And to put that into context, they mined in one month what it took them to mine in the entire third quarter to mine, which was 616 bitcoin. And this is definitely very impressive given the headwinds they've experienced. Experience as, as of late, they had this storm in June that knocked their hashrate offline. Their hosting partner, compute north, filing for chapter eleven bankruptcy, uh, recently. So what caused them to have this good mining month? Well, it seems to be. It seems that it's the, uh, the 32,000 machines that they energized recently. They were able to increase their hash rate by 84%. Uh, their computing power is now seven x a hash a second. And it makes it one of the, not just the largest miners in the world, Nico, but one of the strongest, for sure.
Speaker D: That's really incredible. Thank you for that breakdown, Marco. And with that said, I think it's time to bring in our guest. But first, a quick intro. Will Clemente is no stranger to the crypto space. He is co founder of Reflexivity Research, a digital assets research and proprietary trading firm. Marco. Will, I'm super excited to listen in on this conversation. I'll be back with my key takeaways in a bit. Marco, over to you.
Speaker E: Hey, thanks, Nico. Hey, what's going on, Will? How are you doing today?
Speaker F: Hey, Margo, thank you so much for having me on. I'm excited to be here.
Speaker E: Yeah, it's a pleasure having you on, man. We were speaking a little bit offline about a story that caught your interest, and I wanted to start there. You were talking about fidelity opening a waiting list for crypto. What do you make of that story?
Speaker F: Yeah, sure. I mean, throughout the year we've had all these incredible announcements. I think a lot of these things have gone under the radar given the state of the market. If we look at Blackrock offering bitcoin to their clients through Aladdin, which Blackrock wouldn't be doing that if they didn't have demand from their clients to be doing so, which are high net worth individuals. You've got fidelity offering bitcoin and retirement accounts. You just talked about the meta arweave news. You've got Google offering, blockchain node providing. And then today came out, Fidelity came out with an announcement that they're going to be offering commission free crypto trading, starting with just bitcoin and ETH to retail investors. So there's an incredible amount of news. There's even more headlines than the ones that I just listed off the top of my head that have come out over the last year. It is apparent that a lot of the big guys are stepping into the marketplace and are looking to get their toes wet, regardless of the state of the price action of a lot of these assets. This last kind of bull market really captured the eyes of a lot of those entities, and I think they're here to stick around. And a lot of these guys understand the cyclicality of markets and they understand this is the time to start stepping in and building infrastructure for the next bull market.
Speaker E: Yeah, absolutely. Very interesting to see a big player like fidelity come in right in the throes of a bear market. So they clearly see something that's worthwhile here. So definitely very interesting. Something else I wanted to touch on before we move on to the charts, because we have a lot of charts today and we're going to be talking a lot about bitcoin. Was the Fed just yesterday they announced their 4th 75 basis point hike. Markets reacted initially a little bit positive, but then after, you know, chair Powell spoke, they kind of puked a little bit because it's clear that the Fed is still hawkish. Powell mentioned that they prefer. He prefers to, or the Fed prefers to over tighten rather than undertigh because in overtightening they think they can support economic activity if they undertight and they think that inflation will become entrenched. He mentioned the path to a soft landing seems to be narrowed. And he also talked about that we may still have a ways to go in terms of where the ultimate interest rate might, may lie. So the terminal rate or the predictions for terminal rate have gone up than previously expected. What do you make of all of that and how is it impacting your overall analysis?
Speaker F: Sure. Yeah. I mean, overall, I don't think anything that the Fed said yesterday was generally surprising compared to what they've been saying for the last year. The Fed's been very clear with their stance of being harsh against inflation and continuing to keep conditions tighter than perhaps they necessarily need to, to be sure that they can get inflation down. I think it really comes down to the only way that the Fed is going to change courses. It's very binary. Either a inflation comes down. Haven't seen that yet. Perhaps we have some leading indicators, but in the lagging indicators that the Fed is watching, we haven't seen that yet. And the other thing would be something materially breaking in the underlying plumbing of the financial system. Something like the treasury just fully gapping up like 100 basis points and two day time span or something like that. We've definitely started to see cracks around the world. We've seen Japan continue to intervene with both their currency and their bond market. We've seen the UK go from Qt to QE in one week. We've seen a lot of craziness. Right. But that hasn't put enough pressure on the Fed yet to change course. So I don't think there was any language that was particularly surprising yesterday. It was funny initially in the first press release, the Fed basically stated that they were open to tapering off the rate of hikes moving into the new year. The market really ripped on that initially, and then Jay Powell came out and hammered things down with it with some very hawkish commentary. So it was a nice little whipsaw we got during that FOMC meeting yesterday. But, yeah, I mean, look, I think the language that Powell was using shouldn't really be surprising to anyone.
Speaker E: Yeah, it definitely shouldn't be surprising. Well, with that as a backdrop, let's touch on bitcoin. So you guys at reflexivity research, you guys released this report every week, I believe, where guys cover global macro, bitcoin, eth, defi and a lot of other topics. Were only going to focus on bitcoin today. And this first chart here kind of really speaks to the volumes of how much the network, bitcoin network has grown, called the bitcoin cumulative sum of transfer value. Now, Im going to be pointing up the chart on my right hand side. So if you or the viewers see me, Im just looking to pull this chart up. So Mario, if you could pull this chart up here for will and then walk me through whats going on in this chart.
Speaker F: Yeah, sure. So this is the cumulative sum of all the total transfer volume that's ever been settled on the bitcoin network. This is in linear scale, and I put it in linear scale kind of for dramatic effect to really illustrate the incredible growth that it's seen over bitcoin's lifespan. In the first two years of bitcoin, bitcoin settled about $2 million. In its third year, it had settled over a billion. Fast forward about to 2017, it had settled a trillion. By its 8th year, it had settled. I believe it's 10 trillion an hour, sitting at 103 trillion of total transfer volume that's been settled on the network. So this really goes to show you that the amount of volume that's been settled through the network with no double spends, no issues, no hacks of the bitcoin network is really a testament to the strength of the underlying network and how reliant that it's been and also how the network continues to see exponential growth.
Speaker E: Yeah, absolutely. I mean, when you're looking at the chart though, you're seeing that most of that growth happens after 2021 or most of that amount increases really substantially there. What are you attributing that to? Is it because of just the price increases or there are other factors that you think that are causing that huge growth there?
Speaker F: Sure. Absolutely. I think it's fair to state, again, it's in linear scale, right? So if we had it in like percentage terms, that latest increase is always going to look larger just because of scale of the chart. But yeah, I think the answer is a combination of things. Definitely the price action, right? I think ultimately the biggest marketing campaign for bitcoin is number go up technology, right? A lot of people discover what bitcoin is because it's going up 510 x in a short time span. People say, what the hell is this bitcoin thing? You get a lot of speculators that come into the market. But I think that the key thing to note is that when we look at any measure of network activity, whether it's active addresses, active entities, new addresses, cumulative transfer volume over like a year time span or without the cumulative aspect to it. Just looking at the raw transfer volume, what we see is that every bull market that ratchets up really aggressively as you have all these new speculators and tourists that come in. But the key point is that when we go back into the bear market historically, every time that's based significantly higher than the previous bear market has. So what that shows to me is that, of course, you're going to shake out some of the tourists when the price isn't going up only. But, you know, there's an increasing amount of people that believe in the underlying technology fundamentally of what bitcoin stands for and how the network works. And, you know, I think that that's also reflected in that cumulative transfer volume chart as well.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited premium wireless. Everybody to get 30, 30, baby, get 30, bid to get 20. 2020 to 2020. 1515, just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint mobile.com switch.
Speaker C: $45 up front for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited. More than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker E: Yeah, very interesting. Well, moving on to this next chart. I mean, these two actually, next pair of charts here. There's two charts here that the first one is seller exhaustion, the next one is annual realize volume, and you make a connection between the two. Walk me through what's going on with these charts. Starting with exhaustion, for sure.
Speaker F: I actually think it might be better to start with the volatility because the seller exhaustion is based on the volatility chart. So this is looking at, I believe there's several different measures you can look at. You could just look at the flat out realized volatility. I believe this is the 90 day or 30 day. I forget exactly which one when I made the chart, but it's like a 30 or 90 day sum of the volatility of bitcoin. And I threw a 14 day moving average to smooth things out. The key takeaway is whenever bitcoin's volatility has gotten as low as it is now, you've seen a substantial impulse in price afterwards. And so, as you can see in the chart, I highlighted each of the times where it's gotten to that level historically, eight out of nine times where it's gotten this low. You've seen that resolve to the upside TBD on this one. Obviously, as we still kind of remain in this period of volatility compression. The one time that it was to the downside was 2018, when we had that leg down from about five, six k to about three k at the end of 2018. So in terms of probabilistic standpoint, the odds are that this resolves to the upside just based on this volatility chart, and then to transition into the seller exhaustion chart. It's very similar concept, except you're just comparing the realized volatility to the percentage of supply and profit. And so the idea is that when you have very low volatility and there's a high amount of supply that's underwater, or for sake of talking about percentage of supply and profit, a low amount of supply and profit, that's somewhat of an indication of what the chart is titled, seller exhaustion. So that's kind of the ideology behind what the chart is representing here of this same thing. Eight out of nine times that it's previously gotten this low, it's resolved to be upside.
Speaker E: Very interesting. So eight in the nine times. Mario, I want to stick with the chart that I have here. Realize volatility. So when we look at these green and red lines here, it looks like most of these green lines happened after bear market bottoms during uptrends. The red line one looks in 2019 looks like it happened in a downtrend. Arguably, we're in a downtrend now. Do you think that because we're in a downtrend, we may see an impulse move lower, or what are you looking at to give you an indication of where that impulse move may head?
Speaker F: Yeah, sure. I think it's a variety of things. First of all, some of these valuation metrics, some of those being on chain, and then also looking at the broader high timeframe view of the order books, I guess to get into some of those things and we can move on to some other on chain charts, I don't want to dive too much into that because I know I probably have this charts to go through as well. If we look at the order books and you look at some of the major spot venues, for example, looking at Coinbase, this is most prevalent on there, there's a substantial amount of demand below 18k, laddered all the way down to 1214k. If you look at the bid ask differential between the amount of the cluster of bids, the chart up there, relative to the amount of asks that are in proximity price, now it's dramatically skewed to the bidside. We recently seen some asks pop up in the 26, 28, 30k area, but it's still dramatically skewed to the bid side. The last time you saw that was towards the beginning of 2020, that it was that aggressive. So that's one thing that I'm looking at in terms of, I think a lot of the us based institutions are operating on Coinbase. So I think that's kind of a reflection of demand from those type of entities. And then the other thing is some of these on chain valuation metrics, whether we look at things like realized price, the cost basis of short and long term holders, which I think is a great chart, a lot of these relative valuation metrics, I would say that are indicating that BTC is in the area of value. We can talk about the tail risks in a moment as well. And the other thing I would say is watching the derivatives landscape to feel confident on to where the impulse is going to resolve. One thing that I watch is something called funding rates. So funding rates are basically what pegs the perpetual swap contracts to the underlying spot market. So every 8 hours a payment is either paid from longs to shorts to keep the contract pegged to those, the index of, essentially index of weighted volume of the spot price across the different venues. And so what you want to look for is kind of this prolonged regime, I would say, of either positive or negative funding rates to basically gauge sentiment from traders.
Speaker E: Right?
Speaker F: So if you have a prolonged regime of negative funding, you're seeing a prolonged time period of shorters, I'm sorry, of traders being short. If you're seeing a prolonged regime of positive funding, it's the opposite of prolonged regime of traders being long. So for example, after the COVID crash, saw a prolonged regime of negative funding beginning of 2021. With all that mania, we saw a prolonged period of positive funding. Summer of last year, when we were grinding along the low 30k range and we whipped below that at the back half of summer. That was a regime of negative funding. We also saw a positive regime at the end of last year. What I'm watching for now is another regime of negative funding. Currently we've just been in this mixed, muted period, which to me just kind of indicates that you're seeing a lot of hedging in general from market participants. But to feel extremely confident that that would resolve to the upside. One thing that I would really like to see, but we don't have to see, would be a regime of negative funding, because that would indicate to me that the market's primed for move upwards because traders are becoming too comfortable being short in the market.
Speaker E: Very interesting, very interesting. Well, the next thing I want to move on to is something that you mentioned in your fifth report, and that's about the probability possibility of a minor capitulation. Obviously. Last week we heard news, of course, core scientific having financial issues. Their stock dropped 97%. We had news of Argo earlier on that they lost their funding for 27 million. And I think I was reading somewhere that Fred Thiel from Marathon Digital, which we were just covering earlier, he was mentioning that some 20 public miners are at risk of bankruptcy. He didn't obviously mention which ones, but this is clearly an issue. This is one of also. And then it kind of ties into this whole realized volume that we were talking about. You kind of mentioned it. This could be one of the potential catalysts to trigger the release of that realized volume. Walk me through what factors are affecting miners right now. Let's start with hash price first or hash first?
Speaker F: Yeah, sure. I think, as I just mentioned, there's definitely several tail risks to the bitcoin market. I think the two largest are, from an external standpoint, the overlying global macro situation. And if you see this kind of correlation to one moment, credit crisis type moment in the broader equity markets, there's a high likelihood that bitcoin will go down with that. I think, though, the aggression of that move down wouldn't be to the extent of COVID because you don't have the market super aggressively long. I think the difference between now and before the COVID crash was that if you look at the derivatives market, it was super jacked up. So you had open interest, rising aggressively and positive funding before the COVID crash. And I assume that's probably traders that were getting super bullish before the halving that was going to take place in two months. Right now, you don't have that. So you don't have traders that are like, derivatives aren't jacked up like they were then. So I think, of course, if you had that correlation to one moment, I think bitcoin would likely follow, but it wouldn't be to the aggression that it wasn't the COVID crash, where bitcoin went down 50% today. Now, with that being said, I think the biggest internal kind of intro of bitcoin market risk is definitely miners. And this is something that takes place every bear market. I think it's important to. And I'll get to the hash rate point specifically, I think it's important to understand that miners are a very pro cyclical force to the bitcoin market. So in a bull run, what happens is a lot of miners are incentivized to hold their bitcoin, especially these public eyes. And so that's what happened over the last two years. A lot of these guys were holding a bunch of BTC on their balance sheet. And they were actually, some of them were going out and borrowing to acquire more mining rigs and BTC to sell on their balance sheet. Now, what happens when you go into the bear market? So there's kind of this lag between when miners or orders ordered and when they come online. The reason is because there's kind of a delay in terms of things being backed up on the manufacturing side. And then also you need to get the infrastructure in place to get miners plugged in. So, of course, when bitcoin is going up, only everyone wants to mine. Right. It seems like free money. The price is continuing up. All right, I'll plug these machines in. If you do the numbers based on extrapolating out the price action of the future, you're like, okay, this sounds great. What happens is, though, is you tend to get a delayed peak in hashrate after the peak in price action. I think 2018 is a really great visual of this, and it's because of the reasons I just described. Now, why is this an issue for miners? And this is why I said they're pro cyclical force. Well, this is on the inverse of that of what happens in the bull market. Well, miners are essentially long their bitcoin price, and theres short energy costs and short hashrate, because as hashrate increases, that means that theres more competition to mine. So it becomes increasingly difficult for each individual miner to sustain the level of profitability that theyre at. So you can think of it as hash rate rises, means theres increased competition. And so as price goes down in a bear market and hashrate rises, what does that do to minerse margins? Right. It continues to compress them. And so what happens is you squeeze out all the inefficient guys, and then you get basically this consolidation of mining rigs back to the most efficient miners, and then you head back into the next cycle. If you think about it just from an engineering standpoint, I'm not an engineer, but if you think of it from a mechanical standpoint, it's a true free market where the network basically shakes out all the inefficient guys and reallocates the miners into the hands of those who are efficient. And so what happens is you have this natural force, the cyclical force, that continues to strengthen the network. And it really is a beautiful thing if you think of it that way. Right. The network is basically strengthening itself through these cycles. And unfortunately, right now, we're in the back half of that cycle where a lot of the inefficient guys are getting shaken out. You've got hash rate ripping to new all time highs. At the same time, you've got bitcoin price down 70%. You've also got energy prices that are high around the globe. As we head into the winter, there's not favorable conditions for those going significantly lower. And then also on top of that, you've got the miners equity down 80 plus percent because they basically trade at a high beta to BTC spot. So if bitcoins price goes up, miners equity goes up even more. If it goes down, miners equity goes down even more. And same thing with the mining rates, which are also down 70, 80%. So it's harder for these guys to get access to financing because all of their assets are down substantially. So this has kind of created the perfect storm for some trouble for miners. We've seen over the last two weeks, not to show our report, but last week we put out a report on miners, as you alluded to. We said, hey, look, the conditions for miners are not great right now. They're under an immense amount of stress. Two days later, I had no idea this was the case, but two days later, core scientific released in an SEC filing that they were basically under immense financial stress and they were on the verge of having to file for bankruptcy. Their equity plumed at like 75% a day, which is pretty wild because core scientific was, well, still is, as of now, the largest share of bitcoin's hash rate from a public company. And so, you know, I think that's the biggest thing to watch out for. Now, it is important to state, I would say that for these public eyes, in total, they have about 675 million, at least. The top ten largest miners have about $675 million worth of BTC, which is like somewhere around 34,000 BTC. And so I don't think that in itself is a major concern to the market. If those holdings were liquidated, assuming that all of the, like, every single top ten miner went under and all of the holdings of all ten had to get liquidated, it would be done through OTC desks. I don't think it would have a substantial impact on the underlying bitcoin price from the public miners standpoint, but they do have a substantial portion of overall hashrate. The top ten miners make up about 17%, 17.5% of the total network's hashrate. Core scientific is the largest of that, which takes up 4.9%. The other thing about Core, which is important to state, they sold most of their bitcoin back in June. So if you remember, when we went down to 17k, Core sold about 7200 BTC for roughly $170 million at the time. So they currently only have 24 bitcoin. So with them seeming to be. We've also heard news of Argo and Iris as well. But Core is clearly under substantial stress, and if they have to liquidate everything and go under some financial restructuring and have to liquidate the rest of their bitcoin, 24 bitcoin is not going to do anything to the price. So that's one good thing, is that they've already liquidated the majority of the bitcoin on their balance sheet. Now, if their hash rate goes offline, that's actually a net good thing for the rest of the network, right, because it decreases the pressure on the other miners. So I'm not sure. I'm not like a distressed debt expert or financial restructuring expert, so I'm not sure if that hash would come offline in the case of that type of restructuring, I don't think so. I figured it would just transfer ownership. But, yeah, I think from the standpoint of worrying about the public miners having to sell, that's not a huge concern, because, as I said, I think it could be the 675 mil of BTC could be sold off in a way that wouldn't have major price impact. Now, what was the big unknown? And I would say it's the 800 pound gorilla in the room from the mining standpoint, is the private miners. We have these cycles that take place, and these same dynamics have taken place before. It's just now with these public eyes, we can see everything transparently happening through their financials. But there's still a fair amount of, of. I said 17% is public out of the top ten. So you still got over 80% of bitcoins hash rate that's in the hands of private miners. And the amount of bitcoin that they hold, it's hard to know the exact figure. According to a data provider like Glassnode, it's hundreds of thousands of BTC. It's hard to also estimate how much of that was from miners that were mining back in the day and are now completely dormant. So the overhang of the private mining space in terms of how much bitcoin they have, it could be in the realm of several hundred thousand BTC. And I'm assuming that a lot of those guys are under the same stress that some of these public eyes are. So that, I would say is kind of the biggest question mark in terms of what's the outcome of the miner situation on the market. But yeah, I think from the public miner standpoint, they are under immense stress, but I don't think the amount of bitcoin that they have to sell would be a major concern.
Speaker E: Yeah, absolutely.
Speaker G: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this, for the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what. With each vendor, Ramp's software collects and verifies receipts instantly. To save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization and bill payments. Time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get dollar 250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy. Easy ramp.com easy rmp.com easy cards issued.
Speaker C: By Sutton bank and celtic bank members of DIC.
Speaker G: Terms and conditions apply.
Speaker E: I mean, there's a lot to unpack there. I mean, do you think that the Ethereum miners, you know, moving to, since we moved over from proof of work to proof of stake, those Ethereum miners, like maybe repurposing their machines to mine bitcoin, could be affecting the hash rate? Or do you think it's. I mean, you described a lot of things that could possibly be affecting it. I mean, what do you think is affecting there? What do you think that impact is from the Ethereum miner standpoint?
Speaker F: No, I don't think so. Because GPU's, if you try to mine bitcoin with GPU's, you could have done that like 810 years ago. But if you've tried to mine with GPU's now, you're not going to be profitable. The new ASIC models are just way more powerful and way more efficient than the old GPU's. I think a lot of those machines are probably being repurposed for other reasons. Maybe it's like other proof of work chains, Ethereum classic, or maybe they're just being used for other data services. But definitely I don't think it makes sense for to be mining bitcoin now. Excuse me, what could be potentially happening on that front of what youre talking about would be maybe some of the infrastructure in terms of the rack space thats being used to have the miners on is being used for bitcoin. Im not 100% sure on that. And Im assuming theres also some nuance in terms of the exact specifications of the infrastructure and rack space thats built for the ETH miners, which are GPU's versus the Asics. But I'm sure you could probably convert them. So maybe that plays some aspect in that. I'm not 100% sure, but in terms of our GPU's themselves being used to mine bitcoin, I would say the answers now, Clay.
Speaker E: Absolutely. Well, you touched on your cost basis analysis earlier, and I mean, a lot of people always want to know, is it a good time to buy bitcoin? We still have other charts to cover, but I think this is the last chart that we're covered because we're running short on time here. What do you make of this chart? Or walk us through what your cost basis analysis here?
Speaker F: Yeah, sure. Sorry I went off on a little tension about the miner stuff.
Speaker E: No worries, man.
Speaker F: Yeah. Look, I think with on chain, I look at the market from several points of analysis and on chain is definitely one of them. But my thought process on approaching on chain is absolutely evolved. I don't think things like looking at exchange balances or trying to estimate whale holdings are very relevant. I think it's really hard to estimate the clustering around those things. And as the kind of market structure has gotten more nuanced and you have all these market makers in the space and custodians, middlemen in the space, it's really difficult to say, okay, this is a quote unquote whale without potentially mislabeling that as something else. So what I have found useful from an on chain perspective is basically looking at some of these tools as, okay, you have this spectrum of evaluation and based on the market participant behavior that we can transparently see on the blockchain, where are those behaviors on this kind of spectrum of exuberance and depression? And I would say a lot of these indications are very skewed in terms of the lower 5th, 10th percentile, in terms of they're on the side of depression side of the spectrum. This is one of the most, I think clean on chain metrics historically has proven to work really well. What this looks at, it's very first principles based. It looks at the cost basis of short term holders and long term holders. I know we're getting short of time, so I'll kind of leave out the nuance of like what defines that. You can look it up on glass note if someone's interested and talked about it before, but whenever what basically happens is you have these new market participants, the short term holders that come in during the bull market. As we talked about, everyone wants to buy bitcoin because it goes up over you head back into the bear market. And it's also worth to say the long term guys are distributing based on, on chain data are distributing to the short term guys at the top of the bull market heading back into the bear market. What happens? Well, you have the long term guys slowly scaling back in, buying their bags back from the short term guys that are capitulating out of the market and basically selling the bags back to the long term guys that they bought from them at the top. And then also in addition to that, you have some dynamic or some degree of the short term guys aging into long term holders. So the combination of the two of those things are what causes what you're seeing on the screen, which is in a bull market, the short term holder cost basis really ramps up. When you look at the delta between the short term and long term holder cost basis really spreads in the bull market heading back into the bear. What happens? Well, the short term holder cost basis falls back below that of long term holders and that historically has marked a really good time to accumulate. If you look at the chart, it basically bottom ticked 2012, bottom ticked 2015, bottom ticked 2018, and kind of TBD on. We've been in this regime of the short term holder being below the long term holder cost basis right now for about a month. We'll see if we get a fourth instance of this proving to be a very actionable metric. But in my opinion, this is an indication of it being a really good time to accumulate BTC. And I guess last thing to tag on would be for some of the more, I would say, momentum oriented market participants. I'd say just accumulating whenever you see the green shading. That's for more value oriented market participants. For more momentum oriented market participants, what you could look for is the cross, what I would call here is a bullish cross of the short term holder cost basis back above that long term holder cost basis. And so you can see that taking place in the chart in the three previous instances. So that would be kind of the, you know what I'd be watching for, quote unquote, confirmation of that.
Speaker E: We've kind of bottomed out amazing. Well, we're going to have to have you back on because there's so much to cover that we didn't get to cover today. I'm getting messages from my producers like, hey, let's, let's bring Nico back in here. Before I bring Nico back in, though, I'd love, I'd love it if you could tell the viewers where they could keep up with you, with your company and with your research.
Speaker F: Yeah, sure, man. I appreciate you having me on. Anytime you want to let me come back on here and ramble, I'd be happy. Yeah, I appreciate the plug. I'm on twitter@twitter.com. wclementii. And then if you want to find our research, you can go to reflexivityresearch.com. and it's also in my bio.
Speaker E: Awesome. Well, with that said, let's bring Nico back in. Tell me, Nico, what do you think?
Speaker D: Well, it's that time of day, so let's get those horns a blaring, the spotlight swinging, because it's time for the key takeaways. First, will believe that the Fed's move was to be expected, considering their fears regarding inflation. And unless something really changes, changes in the financial plumbing, the Fed is staying the course. Second, considering the volatility of bitcoin. Will argues that whenever bitcoin's volatility is as high as it is now, eight out of nine times, we've recovered to the upside. Obviously, we're still up in the air. What happens here? But odds are that this resolves to the upside. What could prevent that? Well, the two greatest threats to bitcoin are the larger macro wins changing to an even more negative stance. And what might happen with the miners being long bitcoin price and low hash rate, but finding a very different environment right now. Will, Marco, anything you two would like to add?
Speaker E: Go ahead, Will.
Speaker F: I think that was good. It was good to get a little summary of everything. I would say perfect.
Speaker E: I was going to say, if people are interested, all this information was in the reports that he has. So you guys definitely got to check them out. They're good reports.
Speaker D: Absolutely. And we will definitely be having you on again very soon. Thank you so much. This was amazing conversation to listen in on. And that is it for today. Don't forget to subscribe. Real vision crypto is free. For those of you watching on YouTube, smash everything the like, button the bell and subscribe. Join us tomorrow for our interview with Christine Kim from Galaxy Digital with more at Seibert. It's going to be all about ethereum yield. We'll see you then at 12:00 p.m. eastern, live on realvision, crypto daily briefing.
