Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling wherever you sell. With Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps, and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your dollar one per month trial period@shopify.com. tech all lowercase. That's Shopify.com tech.
Speaker B: Hey everybody. Today's real vision program is sponsored by Engrave, maker of the coldest hardware, wallet zero and stainless steel backup graphene. Engrave brings you the highest security in a touchscreen experience to safely manage all of your crypto offline. Enjoy a 10% real vision discount in engrave IO shop with the code realvision. Enjoy the program.
Speaker A: Hi, my name's Raoul pal, and welcome to my show, the Journeyman. And the journeyman, I think you know by now, is my journey of understanding into the nexus of macro, crypto and the exponential age of technology. You see, I think all of these mega trends are all headed in the same place, that the structure of how economies work has changed and the opportunity set for all of us has changed, particularly from the past. And one of the things that I look at in macro is how do you use the business cycle and secular trends interwoven to find the best opportunities? You see, crypto was one of the big ones for me, where I could see the secular trend. But until I did the deep dive on the business cycle to understand things like the everything code, I couldn't fit it into my existing framework. But I cracked that. I cracked the code of crypto and how it works in the business cycle. And I've probably done more work on the macro side of crypto than anybody else in the world. And I've built out an incredible array of indicators and analyses, all within the database that we have at global Macro investor, which is my institutional research service. And that has given us a really deep understanding of how the space works. Things like, not only when should you be in or out of the crypto cycle, but when should you be in the alt cycle, when you should be in bitcoin versus eth or eth versus bitcoin, whatever it may be. We did a ton of work that even the NFT cycle and how that fits into macro. But that business cycle also is a key part of other assets. Not everybody is a crypto investor, after all. That may be. How do you think about emerging markets? Emerging markets? To me, I look at emerging markets, how they fit into the business cycle, how they've been performing versus that business cycle framework. They do go up and down with the business cycle, but the secular trends at play as well. And the secular trend, once you peel back the layers of the onion, you do the hard work. You see that India is probably at the center of it in terms of emerging markets. The last 1020 years was the story of China. Before that, it was the Asian Tigers. And now it's most likely India and the monsoon countries, those countries surrounding India, in the Indian Ocean, particularly including the Middle east, places like Saudi Arabia. And then there's technology itself. Technology is another mega secular trend, and within it, you can use a business cycle framework to understand it. Now, many people get thrown off the technology rodeo because they start getting concerned about valuations and how things work, because they don't really understand technology itself. It took me a hell of a long time to understand how to invest in it, but eventually I started to come to grips with the secular trend. The world we're in, what it all means for valuations, and then how the business cycle can be overlaid to make the risk reward of investing better. And, as you know, time of recording this. So this is what, Wednesday the 24 January, 2024. We're at the point where all of these are playing out perfectly, where the secular trends and the business cycle are now pushing forward. Now, many of you will be watching this later, will find that maybe the business cycle has changed after 2025, but right now, we're at that sweet spot. So a lot of people hear about these sectors or different countries and think, well, how the hell do I get exposure to that now, there are ways, if you're more sophisticated, you can get exposure directly. But the ETF world exploded and created a lot of this. And so I think ETF's now make it easy for people to build robust portfolios around sectoral themes that match these secular views. And I wanted to make this whole process much easier, because this is the process that the hedge funds, the world's largest asset managers, and everybody else uses to drive better returns. That process of deep business cycle analysis is actually quite hard for people. People are like, I kind of get it, but I don't know how to do it. How do I overlay charts of the s and P 500 against the ISM survey? What things should I be looking at for forward looking indicators? How do I really understand where I am in the cycle? Is it macro spring, crypto spring, crypto summer, macro summer? What the hell do I do? And I know it's hard. And I know at real vision, we've got the real vision academy and the business cycle courses that I've done and my colleague Julian Bittle has done and Andrea Stano Larsson. So that helps you have the foundation. But Julian Bittle and I hacked it even further. We wanted to make it idiot proof. Well, in fact, he made it idiot proof for me. I've been doing this a very long time in the business cycle analysis. One of the longest people in the world doing it. David Rosenberg's been doing it longer than I have. But really what I want to do is distill this all down. And I asked Julian to help me build something out, which is something called the macro investing tool. And the macro investing tool not only tells you where you are in the secular cycles, where you are in the business cycle itself, what season you're in, to make it really easy to understand and then what assets you should think about owning. Now, this is not a trading model. Buy this, sell this. It's like if you were to allocate assets in Macro spring, where we are today, moving towards macro summer, what are the assets are likely to outperform the most. That's what helped us get technology absolutely bang on last year. The semiconductors and the Nasdaq were up well over 50%, and our exponential age basket was up almost 100%. It got us exactly right in crypto. That really helped, too. It also has covered India for us. It's got many things right. It's not there to be totally valuable, but it will put the odds in your favor. So right now, there's a free trial for anybody within real vision. So if you're a real Vision subscriber, realvision.com, or go and get a trial of it as well, you'll see the macro investing tool. I think it's one of those valuable tools that we can give you. Yes, it costs a little bit on top of your real vision subscription, go to the real vision, the marketplace that you'll see at the top of your screen when you're there. And you can scroll through all of the incredible offerings from many of our partners. And the macro investing tool is there. I think it's the one tool that will make you from a macro learner to a macro expert overnight and put the odds in your favor. I did this because I wanted to change people's lives, to really help them have the tools that really were the tools for Wall street or people who are charging thousands for the research, like I do, a global macro investor. I wanted to give it to you to give you the opportunity. I want to democratize this kind of stuff. So there it is. The macro investing tool will help you. This conversation I've got coming up now is a conversation with a friend of mine, which is all about these things. You see, Jan Vanek is a pioneer of sector ETF's and country ETF's. He literally gives you the tools to be able to implement these strategies. And he pioneered it with the gold ETF, which is one of the biggest ETF's in the world. But also he has countries like India. He also has things like the semiconductor ETF, SmH, which I use frequently. He has many of the tools available. And so I wanted to chat to Jan because he's a brilliant thinker, super nice guy, and I want us to understand how he thinks, how he sees the opportunity sets and where the world is going now. Also, don't forget, Jan sees the big picture. So Jan's been in crypto for a while too. So I wanted to get his crypto journey and his journey to the ETF. So look, I really hope you enjoy it. There's lots to learn from in here. Think about that macro investing tool. Now, if you're not a real vision member, just go for free realvision.com and sign up. And there you'll get so much stuff that will help you in your journey. I can't stress it enough. It's free for you. I built it for you in my promise to help democratize this information. So I know a lot of you are watching this on YouTube. Others are watching on the platform and can see the full experience, the AI tools, the charting, the community tools, the transcripts, the note taking and all of the features we're building out. But if you're not, please go over there because really, it'll change your game. Anyway, hope to see you there and enjoy the interview and great discussion with Jan Vanek. Join me, Raoul Pell, as I go on a journey of discovery through the macro, crypto and exponential age landscapes. In the journeyman, I talk to the smartest people in the world so we can all become smarter together. Jan Vanek, how the devil are you?
Speaker C: I'm doing really well, thank you.
Speaker A: It's great to get you back on real vision. And you and I have actually not sat down, even though we've known each other for a long time. We've not actually sat down and chatted on camera. I just thought it would be a great opportunity.
Speaker C: Well, I really want to hear what you're thinking, too.
Speaker A: Yeah, definitely we can have a two way conversation. But before we start, I think a little bit of an intro about yourself and the story of Anec. Because I think people always want to hear how businesses get built and what you've done and stuff like that. So that would be super interesting.
Speaker C: Sure. I mean, I can give you the short version. Vanek. The firm was started by my father in 1955. And our investment philosophy, I think I would describe it as macro. And what I mean by that is looking at big trends in the world, economic, political and technology wise, and saying, okay, the world actually affects the financial markets and what are the big trends? What are the asset classes that are going to develop? So in 1955, my father put together an international equity mutual fund. There were none the year before. There was one other person who started that year, John Templeton. And then probably what my father is best known for is in 1968, he sold almost all those international stocks and bought gold mining shares because he thought gold was going to benefit from the inflationary monetary and fiscal policies of the us government. Now, I like to point out that gold had been fixed against the dollar for the entirety of us history. If you know anything about financial theory, if an asset is flat in price, it has no volatility, has no risk. It's sort of a weird object to want to buy. But anyway, that bet really worked out. In 1971, gold ended up going to up to over $800 an ounce. And so it's that kind of macro thinking that leads to the evolution of asset classes. We participated in the development of the emerging markets was a big theme for us, the commodity trends of the two thousands. And then crypto is something. I'm not sure it's an asset class, but it's definitely something that we think deserves a place in people's portfolios. Thats kind of it. And we dont. I should say most macro managers, Raoul, will put all their ideas into one fund. Well, we dont. We sort of explain our view of the world and let investors kind of pick a slice, if you will, of exposure like crypto or GDX for gold miners or something like that, rather than having one big macro fund.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, thats where you guys have been such pioneers. People may be very familiar with some of your ETF products without even realizing it's you guys, because you guys have always been incredibly thematic. Talk me through the ETF journey. We'll get onto crypto later. But the journey of how you guys thought about getting involved in ETF's because you were an early player and been quite a dominant player in it as well.
Speaker C: Yeah, we got into ETF's in 2006. That's when GDX launched. Back in those days, you had to. Before the ETF rule, you had to get Sec approval for every ETF. Almost like we just saw with the bitcoin ETF's. And so I actually started working on it in 2004 on the weekends and putting applications together. And it's sort of like you needed that magic key or that magic phrase. And we got a better securities lawyer who finally got this through the SEC process. I think intellectually it was a little bit easier for me, since I'm not literally a portfolio manager, just to say, hey, wait a minute. This vehicle has tax advantages for us investors. And if I know anything about investors, they prefer something that has a tax advantage than the one that doesn't. And also in school, I'd studied under some professors who thought that active management was going to die and passive management was the way, so. And then, obviously, politically, I wasn't operating within an asset management firm that was run only by active portfolio managers. We were a little bit more entrepreneurial than that. So I think those are the things that got us involved and our business, I don't know what we are. Like a top 15 ETF sponsor, we manage about 90 billion today. But our first ETF's were just first to market, like the first Vietnam fund, or the first gold miners, or the first AG shares. And over the last decade or so, we've more focused on funds with, like, I would say, a twist to them, because markets have these interesting kind of structural problems. Like, one of my favorites is the fallen angel high yield ETF. So for some reason, when bonds get. They may come out as investment grade, but when they get downgraded to junk, many institutions are forced to sell them, and so they'll go down ten to 20 points for really no particular reason. And then the strategy of this ETF is just to buy them when that downgrade happens, and often those bonds recover dramatically. The two big bites at the apple, I would say, were 2016 and 2020, when oil prices almost went to zero and energy bonds got destroyed. And this strategy just gobbled them up and has, in those years, outperformed a high yield index by something like 20%. So that's been our gig, I would say, for the last ten years, more of that kind of exposures.
Speaker A: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back. Whoa. Landing an account this big will totally change my landscaping business, it's going to mean hiring more guys and more equipment and new trucks for the new guys to drive the new equipment in. I don't know if I'm ready.
Speaker C: You can do this.
Speaker B: And Ford Pro finsimple can help.
Speaker A: Our experts are ready to make growing pains less painful for your business with flexible financing solutions that meet the needs of your business today when you need them. Get started@fordpro.com. financing and we'll come on to some of the more active stuff you're doing as well. But I've always been fascinated by the suite of products that you have because anybody can run a hedge fund essentially by using the suite of products. And I'm not biased in this. I just think the suite of products you have is incredibly flexible. Think commodities are running, you've got the opportunity. If you think technology, you've got SMH. If you think gold, you've got gold. If you think emerging markets, you've got emerging markets. So anybody can run a very straightforward asset allocation with quite defined risks by doing it, which I think is somewhat unique because that's all you do at this point.
Speaker C: Yeah, we have a lot of ETF's. It's flattering of you to describe it that way.
Speaker A: Yeah, I always find it super useful. So let's talk about your macro view, and we can have a discussion around that. How are you seeing the world right now and going forwards? I know that's a big open ended question, but we'll have a discussion as we go.
Speaker C: I think we're in an unfun spot. Last year I sort of described a reasonable strategy as sideways, which was 40, 60, overweighting fixed income, not expecting a lot from financial assets. And that was dead right until the beginning of November. And then in November, it wasn't a month, it was a year. It was 2024. 2024 is over. I'm kind of exaggerating, but because the markets are so amazingly fast at pricing in the future these days. Right. So all of the fed kind of weakening or loosening, however you want to describe it, was seemingly priced in kind of in the fourth quarter of 2023. So now we're in this sort of, I think it's hard to describe any extremes in the financial markets where there's a real opportunity. I mean, you know, you look at the magnificent seven, sure. But then if you look at the, an equal weighted version of us, large cap equities, pretty reasonable. And I just, so I don't see a lot of extremes even within the markets of small caps were hit because banks were hit last year for obvious reasons, because they had misstructured their balance sheets. But you still have. So if you think about sideways 2.0, there are three main macro ingredients to anything. Two are governments. You look at fiscal policy, is the us government going to spend a lot of money this year? I doubt it because the Republicans are in control of the House. That's flattish. And then you look at monetary policy. I've kind of said, I think a lot of the loosening is sort of priced in. So I don't see the Fed getting super stimulative. And then global growth is kind of challenged because Europe has structurally higher energy prices and because China is letting, if you will, the markets work its way out of their property problems. So you know, it's sort of a man in the middle. I quote something, I don't know if you know Josh Brown, the commentator, but he said this quote, which I will not repeat verbatim, but you know, market tops are a process, market bottoms are an event, and the middle is an mfEr. And I think that's where we're kind of in right now. I don't know, that's my kind of sense. So I call it sideways. Josh Brown calls it something else. But surely there will be events. But that's kind of where I see it. Listen, you still want to be invested in financial assets almost all the time, except for when the Fed is raising rates. I think that's when it's almost legit to talk about cash. But otherwise, that's my view. Listen, I'm a strong believer that the yield curve should normalize and steepen because you take more risk on the long end. So you should always be paid more for taking greater risk. But I'm not really sure. I have trouble telling you what my takeaways are from that process, other than people want to normalize their portfolios. But does that mean that banks are going to soar? I don't think so. I just don't know what the takeaway is from that normalization.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm definitely more constructive than you. I've just used the framework of liquidity and that global liquidity itself. If we step back and look at global liquidity, so fed liquidity, okay, there's a lot of offsets, but the net liquidity has been rising a bit. Okay, great. Going forwards, it's an election year. Going forward there's going to be some rate cuts come in because rates are too high for the overall trend level of growth. Okay, fine. So let's assume you're right, that's kind of nothing wild one way or the other. Maybe there's fiscal, they try and force it through. Maybe they run down the treasury account to inject some money for because they want to bribe people with candy for the election. Right? So they always do that. But then I look at China and China's a car crash right now. So I look at the implied probability of them doing more, more stimulus. I think that's reasonably high. And the Europeans probably too, because their economy is worse state than the US. Japan's probably a bit of a wash right now. Inflation has come down. So I just think liquidity comes in in 24 and 25, much as we've seen in every one of these kind of cycles. And that if I look at the forward looking indicators, it seems suggests that continues for a while. And in which case I just think one of the best trades I had last year outside of crypto was the SMH. It was beautiful. And if I just look at the tech cycle, okay, if liquidity is going to be okay or maybe enhanced by others, and then we've got this ridiculous amount of ordering. I mean everyone's out competing for ordering chips right now for. You think technology is probably going to be fine. I can't see a reason why it's not. The only thing technology hates is inflation and we've killed that for the time being whether it comes back or not. And so yeah, I'm generally much more constructive also look at just the election year pattern. It's a simple thing, but election years just tend to be good because they try and stimulate, hand out some bribery, that kind of stuff. But the markets have gone a long way, probably still have to digest a bit like crypto is doing now. It's got a lot of digestion to do because a lot of money poured in. As you said, it was a huge last quarter and that needs to pour. So yeah, I'm probably less thinking about a sideways year, but it's always possible. And they're miserable when you get them.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, listen, you generally want to own financial assets, right? So I'm not in any way sort of, I would take your side. I'm not fighting you, I'm just, I'm doing it with maybe a little bit less enthusiasm, but maybe that's just my personality. I would add to your list emerging markets because emerging market central banks were very tight and they started the process of loosening and they've got further to go. Forgetting China for a second. Right. But if you look at EMEA and LATaM, I mean, what, you can still get double digit interest rates in Brazil? I think so. I think you're right. And China is exporting deflation. That's another bullish argument. Right. For interest rates. So I'm sorry, I am with you. I'm just, as I said, a little less enthusiastic because so much happened in the fourth quarter.
Speaker A: The other thing I looked at, talking of emerging markets is really interesting. And you and I have chatted about this in the past, adjusted all markets by the Fed balance sheet to look at the debasement of currency effect. So divide the s and p by the Fed balance sheet, divide gold, divide Nasdaq, divide everything. Really interesting. We've all done that with gold in the past to use it as the denominator. But because we're debasing currency, I did it with all assets. And what we found is, after 2008, the S and P has been sideways, real estate, sideways, gold, sideways to down the Nasdaq, up, secular bull market. We kind of understand that crypto, obviously, la la land, because it's a new asset class and it's been adopted. And then emerging markets down. Except India. India was the one secular bull market that in dollar terms versus the fed balance sheet, everything. It's the only one that seems to be doing better. And you guys have set up a. You've had an India fund for a while, but I know Angus and you've set up another strategy. Talk through that as well. I know Angus has been on and talked about it. India is one of eight. I'm half indian, but it's also a passion of mine because of the demographics and the secular tailwinds, which is almost the opposite of the western world. And that's why I always think it's interesting.
Speaker C: Yeah. Listen, what I. I started getting into history maybe a decade ago and I teach it to our summer interns. This is the financial markets and things like that. I get triggered now or I got triggered last year. I was sitting in a board meeting. I won't tell you which one. It wasn't one of ours. They basically spent 90% of their energy trying to figure out what was going to happen in the US and chinese economies in 2023. This was a year ago. This is so silly, because if you take the bigger picture, trends like demographics and technology, you can take a five year view with a high degree of conviction. So what can you pound the table on? So that's. Yes. Angus and I are both very pro India. Why? Because from a three year out perspective, looking back, aren't you going to have wanted to own the two mobile phone companies there. So basically, the story is, as you know super well, right, they dropped cell phone usage data costs and the cost of physical devices. So the vast bulk of the India economy is now digitized through their mobile phones. And you've got two companies, so you've got a duopoly that have pricing power. Now, they're more hardware oriented today than, I'll call it our magnificent seven. But they're also investing in software as well. So the way I simplify it, Raoul, is like, okay, take investing over the last 30 years. Did you want to bet against the Internet? No, I define these magnificent seven is effectively our pipes into the Internet in the United States. Take the two pipes in India and invest in them, and from a three or five year perspective, you're going to be super happy. We can get to the asset of the Internet later when we talk about crypto.
Speaker A: Yeah, I've gone through a whole journey of, I don't know if you've seen that bell curve meme where there's the moron and the Jedi, and then in the middle is everybody overcomplicating everything like you. I am now ultra. I'm happy to be on the left being the moron, which is like India. Young population, no debt, and a complete technological revolution. Why would you not own this? We've seen this before. I developed a thesis called Monsoon, and what I did is back in 20, 1314, had we just gone through the, the financial crisis and then the european crisis, I thought, this debt thing is a fucking mess. So I got a map of the world and I said, right, I'm going to take out every indebted country, that's excess debts, and then took out everybody with an aging demographic and said, what's left of the world? And once you ignore some of the african countries because they were too small, you basically got a world centered around India and all of the Middle east, down to Singapore, Indonesia, and all across North Africa and up as high as Iran. And this was the old monsoon trade winds. This was the old spice route that have been trading for several 5000 years together. And I looked at it and it really struck me, because they've all got young populations, they've all got low household debts, low government debts, and rapidly growing economies. And I just said, well, I'm just going to keep it simple. That is where you want to be with your money and you don't want to be in old economies, Mike.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think where a lot. Listen, I would say your average american investor has given up entirely on emerging markets. One of the stories that they heard was the demographic growth, if you will, and that didn't translate into good stock market returns. And so I kind of try to downplay the GDP growth argument aspect of it and more. Just, hey, India's free market oriented. They're development oriented and they're, I would call it pro capital return oriented. It didn't used to be that way. The revolution that triggered me for India was actually Infosys because so this was the first sort of, I'll call it indian outsourced company. That was a huge success. Not the first one necessarily, but the biggest. And what it demonstrated to the market was that you could get rich through the public equity markets because sometimes in India, the equity markets, there was a little bit of abuse of minority shareholders and there was a lot of gamesmanship and just wasn't the most efficient or investor friendly market. And I think to me, Infosys was a big mind changer for a generation. Now that generation is fully baked into the market now they don't even think about that. But now we're well into that. So I think that kind of positive mentality approach to markets, approach to investing is a very, very important component. And I leave out the growth aspect for my american that don't want to hear about, you know, kind of emerging markets.
Speaker A: Yeah. And the financialization of the middle classes of India. Right. If you look at number of brokerage accounts being opened, crypto holdings, you see all of this. And then the other trigger for me, I've been involved in the indian market for a while based on this thesis. But the big trigger was reliance when they, because my cousin was running american tower in India. So he was in the mobile phone market. He was ex McKinsey and general electricity. And I was speaking to him about what was going on in his business. He said there's a crazy war going on with Reliance coming in, driving the price down to zero, literally zero, to take market share. He's like, I don't know who's going to go bust or if everybody's going to go bust, but this is the worst I've ever seen. Reliance managed to catch, what, 60 something percent of the entire market share, push half of them into bankruptcy or mergers, had borrowed, what, $18 billion to do this. And then just at the beginning of COVID paid it all off because he raised the equity which I'd never seen. That was the fastest payback of corporate debt probably in history. And it was at that point I'm like, oh my God, okay, this guy's serious. And that really got me interested again.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, listen, you probably know the market structure better than I do, but it is interesting how countries like chaebols in South Korea or trading companies in Japan, I mean, in China it's the state owned enterprises and they're not even necessarily multi industry conglomerates, but in India they're these big family conglomerates, right. And I think it's viewed as a synergistic positive by the government to let them, as long as they're investing in what's good for India. So alternative energy or mobile phones? Yeah, go do it. They're nothing. And stay out of politics. Sorry. Right. As long as they do all that, it's really, I hate to say this, a harmonious relationship which is great for investors. Now, listen, we both know that the indian market can be overvalued at times.
Speaker A: So most of the time it trades expensive, right? Most of the time it's expensive, which stops many people buying and it keeps going up, right?
Speaker C: And listen, the biggest misses of my life, like Microsoft and Apple and everything, you know, I've missed because, you know, I've worried about the price. That's why I say, that's why I called them the screaming buys. But from a three year perspective, right? In three years, looking back, what will be so obvious? The Internet has worked for three decades. It's not going to stop working in India, right. It'll be those companies that are going to have great, should have good earnings and good growth.
Speaker A: I think that's right. I asked on Twitter recently. I said, you can see the pushback about technology investing or crypto investing. People have some philosophical differences around investing in that space because of the valuations and all of this stuff. But you asked a simple question. I said, in a year's time and five years time, is the world going to be more digital or less digital? 96% of people said more digital. And they're like, well, that's why these stocks are going to keep going up. Sure, there'll be bear markets, there'll be ups and downs, but it's very difficult to break that secular trend unless something truly structural changes. Now, maybe it's AI causing it in ten years time or eight years time, whatever. But right now it's difficult to see.
Speaker C: From and from a ten year perspective. If you add up, I've got some other favorite EM countries, Saudi Arabia and Brazil. If you add them up with India, they're going to be bigger than Europe in ten years, right? So the world continues to kind of, you know, to kind of become more and more decentralized people talk about de globalization. I don't know what they're talking about, but maybe I could also. I do like to focus Americans minds a little bit on Saudi Arabia. So, no, we don't have a saudi fund, and I'm not pushing Saudi as.
Speaker A: A you should do. I think it's a yemenite. I think it's one of the best investment opportunities for the next ten years.
Speaker C: Tell me the amount of change happening there is. And listen, they're also coming from a country with very concentrated wealth in one sector, so they've got a long ways to go, but the allowing women to enter the workforce and giving them more social rights, huge game changer. They're using capital markets, the debt markets, and the equity markets. We all remember Aramco going public, but that's just a symbol of bringing in discipline into their economy. And then the biggest deal to me, and even with all the headlines over the last couple of months, I'm not sure people recall Saudi and Iran reached a peace agreement. And that's like your arch enemies. I mean, you think Hamas and Israel fight. So does the Sunnis and Shiites, right? So the fact that Saudi has really tried to, and they constantly are investing these billions of dollars to reorient their economy, I think is, is really interesting to watch. Maybe you need an active fund, probably to take advantage of it, I would guess. I don't know. We decided not to do an ETF on Saudi, but I think it's really interesting and I think the optimist in me hopes that it will frame a peace solution in Israel.
Speaker A: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners, and then we'll be right back, all of us together. A living through the death of an old world and the birth of a new one. This is a fourth turning. But this is not the foreturning of demographics or politics. This is the birth of the new technological age. This new world has a world of 3d printed rockets, crypto payments in space, discussions on the rights for humanoid robots, machine intelligence that may outperform our own simulated worlds where automotive autonomous AI agents write code for other autonomous AI agents. It's a world full of opportunity and full of difficulty, too. You see, we are living history, and it's happening much, much faster than any of us can comprehend. This is Reid's law, Metcalfe's law squared. Humanity has never gone through anything like this, but we have to comprehend and understand what is happening. It is into this world that the exponentialist is born. The exponentialist is a new service from me, Raoul pal and David Matin, author of New World, same humans. It's an almanac of the fastest period of change ever witnessed in the human history. A period of excitement, exhilaration, difficulty and terror. And the exponentialist really is for humans first and investors second. Yes, the opportunities are enormous all round. To find out more and get our special launch pricing, go to realvision.com. the future. Interesting. I've got exactly the same viewpoint because I've invested in the past in Iran, and I've watched that story, I watched the saudi story. It's part of this monsoon thesis. And I've seen the changes in saudi, saw the Iran and the fact that Saudi and Israel are friends. I'm like, okay, this is a potential, you know, we know there's a lot of trouble, but it seems that at the core, most of these countries are holding true to their agreements, you know, letting Israel clean up what it needs to do without causing majors. Yes, the Iranians cause a bit of problems around, but if those three can hold this together, then weve got a complete game changer in the Middle east.
Speaker C: Yeah, and we dont know through the newspapers at least what the conversations are between Iran and Saudi Arabia right now. I mean, clearly things have heated up in the last month or so, so hopefully it doesnt get too bad. But at least in the first month there was clear that there was a lot of conversations happening and thats only a good thing. Mike.
Speaker A: Yeah. Like you, I share the same optimism. What's your view on China? You guys have got China ETF, haven't you? Or not?
Speaker C: Yeah, we have two. And I should throw in a little bit of an infomercial on our indian funds. We have a general India fund that actually has a valuation screen on it to try to take out some of the overvalued companies. I don't know if so far it's been working, but we'll see. And then we have one that's just called Digital India. So it focuses on the kind of digital revolution.
Speaker A: That's the new fund. That's the new fund, right?
Speaker C: Yeah. Deejan. So, you know, as far as I'm not, I used to travel a lot to China. We have an office there. I don't have any really profound insights. It's just what I've been talking about, which, you know, I'm not alone anymore, but was the demographic wave. And, you know, China aside, in Japan in 22, I guess was the data. Do you know that like every county in Japan had fewer citizens except for Tokyo in 2022? Can you imagine? Just think about how an economy has to evolve, right? Housing demand, there's fewer people. Right. So I feel like that's something that's a, and people argue with me on this. How is it affecting China? China can still has this urbanization trend. There's counters to that whole demographic argument. It's not today, it's in ten years. I think the markets, price and things. I think this demographic trend in China is in people's minds and it's going to be a headwind for their economy. Raoul?
Speaker A: Yeah. If I look at trend rate of GDP growth, it's generally driven by population growth plus productivity growth plus, let's say debt growth. China and everybody finished the debt growth phase. Nobody can do anything more really with that. Just been servicing old debts. Population growth, great point. They're all shrinking populations. So you've got productivity growth is the only thing. And aging populations, lower productivity. I don't know if you saw the front page of the FT today. I think it was today, which is a story I've been writing about for a while, that robots and AI are demographics. And they were talking about Japan is having to ramp up its robotics and AI capabilities to offset falling labor force. Now what we're going to walk into is a world of infinite productive units, human like things, robots. And Amazon now employs, I think, more robots than it does humans. And so we will see that shift where we just get this almost infinite scale of knowledge plus physical labor at low cost. That's a big deal that's coming, and it will help offset demographics. But not yet. We're not there yet.
Speaker C: Super interesting. I'm going back a little bit. I love your debt growth cycle because I think that's, I would push on that a little bit. Not against you, but I think it's not necessarily perceptible from the outside because national government debt isn't out of control, but it's the state and local debt where the issue is. And then somehow this sort of over the counter market debt related to the real estate markets. So just for me to ask you a question, you think they're, I'll call it over 80% done with that debt growth cycle in terms of it's being a boost to their economy.
Speaker A: So I did some work in something called the everything code. I can't remember if I've sent it to you or not, but this was to show that everybody's economies changed in 2008. And what happened in 2008 is we had this, like, call it a plaza accord, a debt jubilee, where everybody said we're going to cut interest rates to zero and forgive interest payments for a while. And that lasts until 20, 1617, when rates started rising again. Every government reset their government debt to this three to five years time horizon. And the business cycle has been clockwork every four years, same as the bitcoin halving cycle, same as the election cycle and the macro cycle, the Ism cycle. They're all the same thing. And it's driven by this debt refi cycle. What I figured out in this everything code was that we reach the end of the ability to increase debt at government level because the government's all hit 100% of GDP in debt. And if you think of interest rates at 2%, just to make easy maths, and trend rate of GDP at 2%, therefore 100% of economic growth has to service the government interest. But the private sector is in debt. So what I suddenly discovered, and I think I was the first person or the only person to discover this, is all of the interest payments end up getting monetized on the fed balance sheet the following cycle. So basically they monetize everything above trend rate of GDP growth. And I found it was exactly the same in the UK, Europe, Japan. I'm like, holy shit. It's like they've all agreed to do the same thing, which is debase your currency. Basically it's financial repression. So I think China's in the same boat here that they can't get out of this trap either, because the debt servicing costs keep going up. So basically all of their activities, debt service costs are the, they have no choice but to use the balance sheet because as you rightly alluded to, government debt only looks like it's whatever the number is, 60% of GDP, but it's not because it's all the pseudo government debt at the next tier down. So they're probably somewhere close to Japan. Levels of debt, call it 230%, 50% at government level, let alone the private sector. So that game can't go on. It's done.
Speaker C: And I think at a societal level, it's not just the interest rate payments. You also have to, there's debt write offs. And so the cost in China is actually kind of higher because of their property problems. Right. The cost of debt is, yeah, the interest rates are coming down, but they're not getting some of their principal back. So it's more repressive. It's a little bit more repressive. Just than their interest rates would take.
Speaker A: And it reminds me, I mean, you and I are old enough to remember when Japan had to go through that exact process with its banking system and its real estate sector because it had done something similar. And so all of the nineties was basically the unwinding of that. And the US has had it in phases. Europe had it big time in 2012, 1012 13, where this real estate sector became unsupportable because of the debts behind it. And then it takes a long time and the european banks have been broken ever since. And arguably most of the us banks have been, except for this debasement of currency that allows for collateral to rise.
Speaker C: So I'll ask the question, and there's some assumptions that I'll then go into. So when do you think governments are going to get sick of their banks? And I ask that question because first of all, in the United States, going back to the financial crisis, they basically told banks to stop making loans, risky loans to the economy. So the banks have gotten out of the lending, I'm really over exaggerating, but they're getting out of the lending business and all of that is going to alternative or private credit, hedge funds and whatever you want to call them. And then even despite that, a year ago coming up on March, they had the maturity mismatch. So they had to do yet another bailout of these regional banks, Silicon Valley bank, because they were borrowing long, but it was only government debt. So they were out of the, if, I'll call it, the lending business, but they still screwed it up at some point. I wonder when they're just going to say, you know what, I'm just sick of subsidizing the banks. I want to get out of this.
Speaker A: I think it's a really great question. I listen very carefully to the ECB and look what's been happening in Europe. I remember sitting on the desk at Goldman in the late nineties and there was an FT headline. There was like 18,000 different banks in Italy. And we just like, that's interesting because there has to be consolidation as it's going into the euro. And we saw nothing but consolidation. Then it all blew up and then they've never recovered none of the european banks. Then. If you look at Citibank, I mean, the chart just goes like that. It's a flat line and you see most of them and then you see the next wave, which is the smaller regional banks. And I listened to the ECB and obviously they're super keen to get this central bank digital currency out. And that is how you circumvent the banking system. I think the US is playing. I think everybody has a national bank now, whether it remains private or state control, but it's essentially under state control. So Germany has Deutsche bank, maybe two others, the UK, everybody does the same kind of thing. And then the whole supply of money and direct ability to stimulate comes from the central bank itself, which is a breakdown of the whole banking process. What does it mean for banks? What services do they provide? It becomes very unclear, but if they turn it into a monopoly, then they can control the few. And I think that's what the US is doing. It's basically JP Morgan eats the world and the US wants it.
Speaker C: Yeah, well, you want to be an asset management firm, so you want really to have. I don't know how big JP Morgan is in terms of asset management, but it's starting to become very big part of their business. Same with Morgan Stanley. Wealth management's a huge part of their business. Citibank says they want to grow it. So what are the other businesses that are sustainable in the world of disruption of crypto? I hate to say crypto, but I believe it. There are a couple of monopolies, like clearing of government debt and things like that, but margins can. Technology is going to put a lot of pressure on margins, seems to me.
Speaker A: I think all the banks know it when you speak to them. They've all got big crypto teams. They understand it's going to blockchain rails. They've had their hands tied behind their backs, but they kind of all know, and they don't mind some of that, because some of the issues within the system are just the system itself. Swift payment, t three settlements, all of that stuff. They'd rather not tarp all the capital into this either. It's not them taking the rake on everything. They're a bit beholden. Here's a fascinating story for you, Yan. You'll like this. I had my global macro investor roundtable in Mallorca last year, and there's an old mate of mine who was an ex Goldman guy who was running National Australia bank's fixed income foreign exchange and commodities business, their fic business and their treasury, I think, as well. And he just retired. And I'm like, so what's been happening? What have you been up to? He's like, I spent the last three years in crypto and I'm going to go and do crypto now. Now I've retired, I'm like, what the hell were you doing? Are you trading your PA account. He's like, no, I spent three years building stablecoins. I'm like a national Australia bank. Why? He's like, nobody's realized is the US is going to t one settlement. Fx is t plus two. We're in Australia where you lose a day. We need three days to settle. He said, we can't settle. So in which case we have to give tens of billions of dollars to our brokerages like Morgan Stanley and Goldman to fund it.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: And he's like, we're not going to do that, so we have to settle expensive. I was like, hadn't even thought about it. Unless the whole world has that problem, even the Europeans, you've got to go to t plus one settlement. They still have t plus two for FXDev.
Speaker C: You do have to change your funding. That's really interesting.
Speaker A: Yeah. It just makes me think that this snowball will develop. And I think your question is, what is even a bank at that stage? It's a financial services company. But maybe banking is a direct to central bank operation, which is good and bad. Bad is they have complete control over your money, but the banks do anyway. And good is, I think they can allocate capital maybe more efficiently than by the banking sector. If they inject liquidity like now, everything goes when what you might want to say is we want to inject liquidity in this particular sector. And knowing governments, they'll abuse that power and central banks because that's what they.
Speaker C: Do, or just be not good at it. I mean, you know, Silicon Valley bank, the regulators were right there looking at the books. I mean, the train was coming right down the tracks every single quarter. Before that, they were taking capital write offs on the losses, on their debt. You just have to wonder. But yeah, it's interesting. It's a major structural, I love the understanding these structural changes because it does affect how investors should put their portfolios together. And in thinking about this, we talked about the kind of inverted yield curve and then that normalizing. That's why it's really hard for me to figure out what the consequences are from an investor perspective. Like, do you buy bank stocks? I'm not so sure. Normally that would be your kind of reference, your reflex. Sure it is.
Speaker A: Now, Raoul, we talked a lot about this complexity of whats out there. And the opportunities you talked about are far flung places and theres few and far between. This India, this saudi, theres stuff like this. But what I realized a long time ago that were building a new system and if the world is going to get more digital were going to get to the new system. So I want to hear your crypto story. How the hell do you go from a lot of traditional sectors and then youve been quite a while in crypto as an investor and been interested. Id love to hear your story. What was your seed? Where did it come from and how did it grow from there?
Speaker C: Personally 2016. Because the single word answer to anyone in crypto is the year you got started. Personally 2016. And then my day job, 2017, which is not particularly early. I mean, it's sort of like 2000.
Speaker A: It's not super late either.
Speaker C: No, it's sort of like 2006 for ETF's like early enough. I wouldn't call it like genius, but early enough. Listen, part of a macro view is technology is as important, if not more important, than global political and economic trends. So what, you have to look for disruption. And especially since crypto was pretending to play in our industry, the question is, okay, what would be the effects? And the first move was in 2017, do the deep dive. We have a lot of our aum and gold funds. Like, is gold going to get disrupted?
Speaker A: I kept, before we go to that, who was the person who got you across the line? Who was your ground zero? Everybody's got somebody, right?
Speaker C: Yeah, there were two. One was my son, my oldest son. So he was buying bitcoin in 2016. But to be fair, he had done an internship at Horizon Kinetics, where Murray Stahl is. And Murray was very pro crypto. So I don't mean to discount my son's enthusiasm, and he's been in the space, but I just want to give Murray credit because he's not typically given credit for that, I think particular insight. Then. The other is the founder of a crypto hedge fund who I met at a parent's event. And he started going, he had been involved in priceline and the Internet, and he started going berserk on blockchain. And, like, all the other parents were, like, walking or running away from him. And I tend to like provocative people, so I have to give him credit, too. I'll leave his name out of it for these purposes. But those were the people. But to be honest, like, and you do this as well, you have to do your own work for anything, you know, you have to separate fads from trends. And so I had to do my own work in 2017, and that took a while. It was weekends when my family wonders what im doing. Thats stuff like that.
Speaker A: What did you see? What is your big picture thesis on crypto? Because its a very multifaceted technology, its going to play a big role in the business. Youre in a big role in the money system, a big role in many things. So what is your current working hypothesis of what this is?
Speaker C: To me, bitcoin is a gold competitor, just like platinum and silver. And I don't think it's that interesting to talk about because I can't prove that. I can only say how investors treat it in their mental models, which again, I can't prove. But my basic thesis on bitcoin, again, going back to March of last year, I was pounding the table because I said sooner or later the Fed's going to stop its tightening and it's going to loosen. And then you want to be long gold and you want to be long bitcoin pounding the table. I think now short term bitcoin is overdone. And anyway, so let's talk about blockchain. What I love, actually, I'll frame this as a skeptic. I'm listening to the Elon Musk biography and he's a skeptic on blockchain because he doesn't know whether it's scalable or not. He wouldn't, for example, put Twitter servers on a blockchain. And so I think that's debatable. I think that crypto enthusiasts like myself say the engineering will get there so you can have and you can disaggregate where the functionality happens in that database, which has frankly happened since databases were invented, which is that work gets apportioned between different functionalities and the hardware and the software. My premise is that the blockchain will be reliable, which is really important, and then we'll be able to have the capacity. The thing that really changed in 2023 that I think gets misunderstood is that before last year, people were a little bit, that was the end of their analysis. And the most important thing is, if you're a company going to use a database, the cost of that database has to be cheap and predictable. Not true for bitcoin, not true for Ethereum, right? Gas fees are volatile, bitcoin transaction fees and mining. Right. And so, like, if you're a corporation, this is, I think, what came through and the success of Solana is just to oversimplify. And l two s and all this other is like, well, if you're going to have industrial use of this, you know, block of this database technology, all those things has to be scalable, has to be reliable, and the costs have to be predictable. And I think we're there. Okay, so that's that. And then my other view of skepticism is how does who benefits? Is it the tokens or is it the web? Two companies like a Facebook that somehow uses the blockchain to lower their operating costs. And I would just say it's a bet. Like those of us who have allocated to crypto think that those applications will move faster. We'll be able to have breakthrough either it's business to business or business to consumer applications, but it's not a guarantee. And that's one of the bigger risks I think for tokens is that companies somehow, if you will, steal the technology and get the benefits from it without necessarily the token holders. I use the analogy of the relational database. Relational database is just a way more efficient. Database is like, I don't know when it was invented 40 or 50 years ago. Are there any real investment themes out of that? I don't know, maybe IBM and Oracle for a while. But it's not a, you know, it's not a theme. So anyway that's my counter crypto kind of story.
Speaker A: I think of blockchain as let's say the mobile phone network, right? We grew up in that massive disruptive change of mobile phone networks coming across the world. If you add up all of the mobile phone networks around the world combined, they're probably worth a lot of money. Like trillions of dollars a lot of money. The difference is we couldn't own all of the underlying networks a share in that overall technology stack, but in this we can. So we get the database technology stack. It's like owning a share of cloud or owning a share of the Internet. That's kind of how I think about it. But I think your point is also very valid is how much value is going to be captured by the applications layer. And I think big. I think that's why people are splitting up the people who can their investment thesis via owning the underlying tokens but also doing vc on top to like we dont know how this plays out because the other thing im worried about, and I want to see what you think because youve seen many of the same trends as me is I do worry that in the end all of these blockchains are in business of selling block space. Thats all they do. And we dress it up in many ways but thats what they do. And they tell different stories around why their block space is better and they have different features and benefits. When do we hit excess capacity and what does that do to the industry? Because we're used to this growing every time. But again we've seen this with 3G. We've seen it with mobile. We've seen it with many of these things where suddenly you think it goes forever, but before you know it, we can't fill the block space that's available, and something changes structurally. I'm trying to think through that somewhere. Are we not going to get this cyclical bull market? I don't think it's this time around, but I'm worried we're the next time around.
Speaker C: I don't really worry about that because there's so much economic rent, there's so much profits between, let's call it a decentralized blockchain world and the way things are done now. You used the example of phone companies, so that's not where my eye is focused on. I mean, I think that's a long ways off. I could be wrong. I mean, I don't know. That's interesting. I just haven't thought about that. But that seems like a long ways off to me. You know, I do like to frame it by saying, you know, Vanek, why are you involved in crypto? There's so many scams out there. And whatever. I'm like, yes, there's 20,000 tokens, but if you narrow it down to the ones that are actually have economics where people are paying to use that blockchain or the ecosystem, it's not that many. It's 20 to 50 real ones, and then they start falling off the map. So I think those are the ones we're talking about. Right. And so they're already getting used and getting, people are paying for using it.
Speaker A: Also, one of the funds that you have within Vanek is a hedge fund that manages crypto.
Speaker C: Right, right. And my point is, it's not fishing. It's not picking out of 1000 tokens, Raoul. It's picking out of 50. I mean, the 50 changed. The 50 change. Right. And there's a new entrance, but it's really understanding those and the potential new ones. Right. But it's not like most of them you can just discard out of hand.
Speaker A: Yeah. And Pranav's been on real vision a couple of times explaining his, his process. And as a disclosure, my asset management company, Xpam, is an investor in it as well. So just so everybody knows now, I just want to get your thoughts around what it means for your business and for capital markets. So I'm thinking about, do we see the rise of the ICO again as an allocation of capital? And also, how are you thinking through tokenization of funds and the future of your business.
Speaker C: The constraints for anything can be tokenized. I feel like I've got a little bit of an insight as an ETF person, because I index very much on one big issue, which is liquidity. Who provides liquidity? Anyone can theoretically tokenize anything, but if there's a buyer and a seller of an asset, someone's got to make that market. And you think, oh, Yan s and P 500, it's so obvious, so easy to price, but someone has to make a market in it, Raul. And someone's got to make money making a market in it. So it's not just that, oh, I can create a tokenized real world asset of anything. It's who's providing the market structure around the liquidity. So that's big picture. Question number one. Picture question number two is, where can you do that without a lot of regulatory headache? Right. And, you know, in the world today, you're not doing that in the United States. That's fine. Now, it'll be really interesting. You know, my bet is on Europe, just because it's got a large retail market, you know, as well as having a regulatory structure that enables know crypto investing and trading and whatnot. But we'll see. I think there's a lot of developments need to happen, but those are the big things that I focus on.
Speaker A: And what about, let's say, the tokenization of ETF's?
Speaker C: Well, so I go to that point, okay, who's going to provide the liquidity? And also it has to be better than today's market structure.
Speaker A: So when you trade it on the weekend, I can trade it on the weekend, and I can instantly settle it. So I. I can trade the SMH all weekend instant markets, because there's plenty of market makers who are traditional market makers who operate in crypto. So they work 24 hours, seven days a week, and I can instantly settle it. I can store it in my crypto wallet, so I don't have to worry if the brokerage I've gone through is going to go bust. I lost a lot of money in MF Global. We've all got war stories of where we've lost money. I just think that is a nice world. I could trade SMH all day.
Speaker C: You can trade night hours on Robinhood and a lot of independent brokers on a lot of platforms. And if I took a bitcoin ETF and compared it to trading bitcoin on Coinbase, at retail pricing, it's cheaper as an ETF. The fees, the management fee of an ETF. Let's call it 2025 basis points plus the spreads, which I'll call it five to 20 basis points, are cheaper than the 2% you pay buying and selling the bid offer spread on a retail crypto platform. So that's my point about the liquidity provision. There's not. There hasn't been a centralized order book in crypto to force very cheap, efficient liquidity for tokenized assets. Yet we were getting there, and then we had a couple of hiccups. I can't remember what they were, but there were a couple of hiccups in the industry. Listen, I wish I could figure out a path, Raul, to tokenize our ETF's. Trust me, I hear the pitch every week. You can imagine. I'm just saying, what are my first two questions? How is the liquidity being provided and in what jurisdiction? And then life becomes then it's a four hour zoom, and I want to go have a. Yeah.
Speaker A: I think probably the answer to your question just lies in the future. And that's as simple as that. We know what the obstacles are. We kind of know the way the world's going. Is it going to get more digital or less digital? We know it's going to get more. Just what is that time horizon for that particular part of the digitalization of the industry?
Speaker C: Just to code to my liquidity point, this choke point, two point zero to three point zero, that happened in the United States in terms they were telling traders, look at these bitcoin ETF's, that the authorized participants are not allowed to touch bitcoin. They're trading a bitcoin ETF, but they're not allowed to touch bitcoin. I mean, it's really funny, but anyway, those liquidity providers, the big ones that were in crypto, they were told to stop it. So a lot of them did. It wasn't a rule or regulation. They just did. So, of course, bitcoin and Ethereum and Solana are liquid, but the liquidity conditions in these markets are still a major challenge. Sorry, I'd like to pound that drum.
Speaker A: Raoul, final question is, is what's next in the ETF market? I presume there's an ETH ETF, and there's the battle that you all have to face with who's going to get the market share and how that's going to go with the bitcoin ETF, which I think is a bit unfortunate. There were so many people going to market. It's a shame because you want pioneers to be able to. You guys tried to do this a while ago. And then people come in.
Speaker C: We were first to file a bitcoin futures ETF, third to market. Yes, with spot bitcoin, arguably second to file, third to file. And now someone who filed three months ago is in the same spot as us. But anyway, thats life.
Speaker A: And also it just felt like they just wanted an even larger asset gatherer to be in the middle of it. I dont know, it just didnt feel right that you approve eleven firms at the same time. So really it makes it very difficult, stupidly competitive for everybody. So what's next for you in the space, as this space develops further, because we're still early days, there's a lot to be done. What's next?
Speaker C: What excites me is what we were talking about, which is Europe and the on chain world. And it's just not in the US. I mean, I describe the United States improving, not me, but maybe me approving a bitcoin ETF is like telling an 8th grader, congratulations, you finally made it into kindergarten. It's just ridiculous, right? So given what's happening in the rest of the world, and one asks, wow, this is what was so controversial, what's happened in the last ten days of bitcoin that people were so agitated about. Anyway, having said that, on chain, real disruption at scale, meaning the technology that can operate at scale, like Solana or the l two s. And that's happening, and that's going to happen in the next year or two. That's really exciting for us as an asset manager. We can get it through our hedge fund. That's it. And we can get it through on chain non us activities, which we're doing.
Speaker A: Are you growing your european operations to start looking into this?
Speaker C: Yeah, but not just listing tokens, but also literally on chain stuff.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's what I mean. It's just be able to explore that. All you've got the sandbox that now is Europe, which is weird that Europe's allowed the regulation and the US hasn't, but there we go.
Speaker C: Right, the Germans, let's go. My mom's German, so very, very excited about that. But no, we're going to go into beta with some software projects later in a matter of months. And so that's, to me, it's great. I love to be on chain.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's very cool. Yeah. Listen, thank you ever so much. It's been a wide ranging, super interesting conversation and I wish you luck with all of this. You guys have been pioneers in pretty much everything you've done. And I think that's a really important thing. And good luck and keep going.
Speaker C: Yeah, let's keep the conversation going and have a great 2024.
Speaker A: And you and I look forward to seeing you somewhere in the world soon. So a fabulous discussion with Janda, wide ranging. You can see he thinks like me in these secular themes, how to play them, how to take advantage of it. And I loved his story of crypto as well. Jan is a real pioneer, a very humble, very nice guy who's built an amazing business. And I just feel blessed that I can have conversations with people like this and bring them to you. I hope you enjoy it. See you next time. If you haven't subscribed to the YouTube channel, please do too. So it makes a difference for us. It helps us attract the best guests in the world. So just click like obviously. Please comment in the section below and subscribe to the channel to get updates. All right, see you around next time and sign up for real vision. All right, take care.
Speaker B: Hey, everybody. Today's real vision program is sponsored by Engrave, maker of the coldest hardware wallet zero and stainless steel backup graphene. Engrave brings you the highest security in a touchscreen experience. To safely manage all of your crypto offline, enjoy a 10% real vision discount in Engrave IO shop with the code realvision.
