Speaker A: Remember when everyone thought Ethereum would dump after the Shanghai upgrade? The price of Ethereum actually went up nearly 5% after withdrawals opened. But Ethereum might not be the token you should be looking at right now. Ethereum staking had its highest inflows of deposits in the week of April 24. The amount of ether staked is now above 19 million coins, or nearly $38 billion. Origin Ether lets ETH holders earn elevated yield on their ethereum directly to their crypto wallets. You can deposit ether for o EtH or deposit liquid staking derivatives like Steth and Reth to boost your ether yield. So get started today and start stacking eth faster. Mint oeth with your ether and watch your balance start to grow daily. Head to realvision.com oeth now to learn more.
Speaker B: Ken Harad, co founder and chief external affairs officer at the crypto security and compliance firm Solidus Labs welcome back to real vision. Crypto Daily Briefing Hen thank you so.
Speaker C: Much for having me, Ash. It's wonderful to be here. And as I mentioned when we chatted a little bit before, it's been way too long. So very excited to join you guys.
Speaker B: Far too long about here. It's always a pleasure to have you with us, Chen, but especially today, there's so much news flow to talk about in terms of the things that you guys focus on, its solidness. We're gonna get to that in just 1 second. But first I want to take a look at what's happening right now in the market. Bitcoin, I'm sorry, we get some interference coming in there. I hope you're not hearing that on the line. Bitcoin right now trading at $27,000. It's up about 1% of the last 24 hours. Trailing seven days. It's off about half of 1%. Ethereum trading at $1,800. Uh, it's up about half a percent in the last 24 hours and it's basically flat on a trailing seven day basis. I want to talk a little bit about bitcoin. There's some bitcoin related news out from Tether. I'm just going to read this quote directly from the Tether website. Quote starting this month, Tether will regularly allocate up to 15% of its net realized operating profits towards purchasing bitcoin. Tether anticipates that the current and future BTC holdings in its reserves will not exceed the shareholder capital cushion and will further strengthen and diversify the reserves. That news coming out today on bitcoin from Tether and we alluded to it at the top of the show. There's a lot going on in your space, legal, regulatory and compliance. Before we start that deep dive, tell us a little bit about Solidus Labs and what you do there.
Speaker C: So Solidus was named about two years ago, category definer for crypto market surveillance. And that is really our claim to fame. We specialize in detecting, preventing various forms of market manipulation all the way across c five crypto markets and into the bleeding edge of defi market integrity. And it's a fascinating world in practice. What we help our clients do is find the most cost efficient, constructive way to comply with regulation in a way that mitigates cryptos risks in order to enable their potential, but without limiting the merits of decentralization.
Speaker B: Yeah, so I want to jump to this. Something that I alluded to at the very top of the show, some news flow coming from FATF. This is an organization that probably lots of folks are not familiar with. Hope you can tell us a little bit about it. It's an international organization that coordinates the activities for anti money laundering and financial crimes. This report out, titled an end to the lawless Crypto space. That's the title of the report. Uh, and it continues in a similar vein from there. I want to just quote from this. This is the lead. While the risks have increased, crypto assets continue to operate in a virtually lawless global environment. Countries need to make take urgent action to shut down lawless spaces which allow criminals, terrorists and rogue states to use crypto assets. As it's February 2023 plenary, that's a meeting. FATF agreed to accelerate implementation of AML CFT controls and supervisions in the crypto asset sector. They come out swinging there. Explain a little bit about what this report is, what it says, and what its significance is in the global crypto space. Right.
Speaker C: So fat, the Financial Action Task force is essentially the OECD's arm that focuses on joint efforts to prevent money laundering and essentially the use of finance for illicit activities, terrorism included. So important to say, it's a very important organization that does very important work, that protects all of us. And Fatfa has been Fatfa and the OCD has been, as you noted, pretty proactive for a few years now. They adopted the OCD, adopted the travel rule for crypto, which has been quite controversial in the industry. But why don't we explain what the.
Speaker B: Travel rule is for folks who may not know?
Speaker C: Essentially, it's in traditional finance. Essentially, there are requirements for banks to know who their clients are and be able to share information about them, so that when money flows from one financial institution to another, there's an ability to track it. And if it's somehow connected or affiliated with illicit activity, regulators and law enforcement can do something about it. Now, of course, in crypto and Defi digital assets generally, they create a lot of new challenges alongside the new opportunities. One of those challenges that we hear a lot about is higher degree of anonymity, permissionlessness, and open markets. It's interesting because in a lot of ways, a lot of the biggest merits of crypto, the fact that it's more accessible, the fact that it's decentralized, are also unique challenges from a regulatory and particularly market integrity perspective. And essentially what you're seeing here is.
Speaker B: What do you mean by market integrity?
Speaker C: Market integrity refers to markets that are fair and healthy, meaning prices are not manipulated, volumes are not manipulated. But it also extends to the end of the day as an umbrella term, also for markets that don't have a lot of scams in them, markets that are fair. Now, let me be clear. I mean, it's really critical for markets to operate well. It's well known and proven over years now that markets that have guardrails around market integrity and that require actors to have a degree of responsibility for how their platforms are used just operate better and therefore serve society better.
Speaker B: Yeah, we've got a lot of different things to unpack here. We're talking about market integrity, understanding that the markets that you are actively participating in have real trading volume, that the prices are real and they're not being wash traded or something else happening behind the scenes to manipulate them. You've got the AML, CFT, anti money laundering, combating financing and terrorism component of it. You've got general fraud, scams and abuses. How do you think about that landscape? What's your roadmap for those high level threats? Or do you think about them in a different context?
Speaker C: There's a lot of different ways to answer that question, and it's a big one. I mean, look, first of all, you know what? One thing that I really want to get off my chest when we're looking at a headline like the one you just read coming out of ATF is there's a part of it that's a bit upsetting, because if you talk to traditional finance, money laundering expert, they would tell you that the estimation is that only about 3% of us dollars that, you know are ever, that are, that are laundered are ever detected. Right. We really need to remind ourselves and remind the world that market manipulation fraud, scams, money laundering, were not invented by crypto. They are, at the moment, proportionally high in crypto. And that is natural for a new ecosystem, a new industry that's rooted on technology, rooted in technology that's still being battle tested, where regulation is evolving, and also where there's a lot of buzz. Buzz oftentimes can be a scammer or a criminal's best friend sometimes because it makes people take rash decisions. So this triangle of things make it natural that in a new industry, there are going to be challenges. That being said, we as a crypto industry shouldn't use that as an excuse. If we want crypto's potential to be fulfilled, if we want the bigger vision, even of Defi and web three to manifest, then it's not going to happen. If these are non safe markets where there's no integrity and people don't know that when they invest their money in them, when they use them to transfer their money, et cetera, they're going to be safe. To your question, what you're seeing is a long lasting, long term effort by regulators to understand how to adapt regulation in order to be able to address these concerns in crypto markets. And the way to address them is not the same. There are a lot of people who believe that the travel rule applied exactly the same way to digital asset markets, to defi markets. And again, we have to acknowledge that they're within the crypto space, within the digital space, there are different ecosystems by now, but applied exactly the same could potentially cripple the potential and also just might not work. So the way I think about it is, for a firm like us, that helps companies try to comply with these rules while also building flourishing businesses that bring people into crypto and help with its potential.
Speaker B: Welcome back. We lost the connection there. Some technical difficulties. Glad to have you back with us. Han. Let's talk a little bit more about what you were talking about there and unpack a little bit of the global regulatory structure component of this as well, help our viewers understand what fatif is. As I understand it, it's a sort of an international umbrella organization that coordinates activities between international law enforcement, central banks, and other regulators in different nations. Is that correct? In terms of the authority they have, is it essentially a coordinating role?
Speaker C: Yes, 100%. It helps coordinate the efforts between OECD countries when it comes to preventing money laundering and illicit finance of various kinds. Once a rule or a guideline or regulation is adopted by the OECD, it's essentially fat's role to help make sure that it's implemented.
Speaker B: That's the organization of economic coordination and development. This is another umbrella organization that coordinates economic activity largely here in the developed world. I wanted to touch on some of the real world implications for this and how these knockout effects occur. I believe what we read earlier, uh, this, this statement that was out from a blog post earlier today by the head of Fat if follows on the heels of a report, uh, essentially sort of cataloging precisely the types of activities that FATF is concerned about. But I wanted to touch on something just so people can follow through this through thread of how policy works. I wanted to read a quote from the Financial Times. This is from, uh, three days ago, I believe, uh, talking about precisely how these things unfold. Quote, the top Us cryptocurrency enforcements are, is promising a crackdown on illicit behavior on digital platforms that saying the scale of crypto crime has grown, quote, significantly in the past four years. The Department of Justice is targeting cryptocurrency exchanges along with mixers and tumblers that obscure the trail of transactions, Yoon Young Choi, who was appointed director of the agency's national cryptocurrency enforcement team last year, told the Financial Times in an interview. The DOJ, and this is really interesting, is targeting companies that commit crimes themselves or, or allow them to happen, such as enabling money laundering, she said. So this gives you a sense of exactly how those fat if recommendations actually feed through, into real national policies happening here in the United States. This from an interview with the Financial Times out earlier this week. Talk a little bit about this regulatory action specifically or this claim of enhanced enforcement, and more generally about the current state of play that you see from central banks, national governments and law enforcement to enforce precisely the challenges that we're talking about.
Speaker C: So, first of all, it's important to say that a lot of, you know, while there's increased collaboration and coordination between governments in the world, there are also a lot of different approaches. And it's really interesting to see, I don't know if you can see the, you know, the black marks under my eyes. I've been jet lagged for three weeks in a row now. I've been traveling. You know, I was in Dubai and Abu Dhabi in the UAE, where there's a really interesting, very interesting developments regarding regulation. Then Amsterdam, obviously, Mika markets and crypto assets regulation. Their legislation was just passed, and I'm now in Hong Kong after passing through Singapore. All of those are in slightly different stages. Yes. So I think you're making a really good point that one of the best ways to deal with illicit finance is to make sure that if someone does commit a crime and makes profits off of it, they can't cash out. Right. While the DeFi permissionless world, there's at the moment, very little that can be done in order to try and regulate it. And the truth is that as it continues to grow, there are ways to. There are a lot of ways, and there are a lot of great things companies like ours are doing to provide tools. And I'm happy to talk about that in a second. Once someone, let's say, hacks an account or manipulate, does a pump and dump and make some profits off of it, the best way for them to cash out is to get that into a token that is traded on centralized exchanges and cash that into dollars. That is really one of the fiat on and off ramps are key for the law enforcement effort to prevent, to essentially discourage crime by making sure that it cannot be cashed out. And that, I believe, is the reason for the focus on centralized, regulated exchanges now. And, you know, crypto firms does have a responsibility to try and make sure that those funds are not cashed out. And I believe, I believe, and I know from experience working with those teams that they're taking this responsibility in both hands. They're grabbing it, and they're doing everything they can, but there's still a lot of work to be done. And because it's such an evolving space, there's constantly new kinds of fraud, of crime, scams, of forms of manipulation. So it's an evolving battle. It is, by the way, also in traditional finance. And again, it's a problem in traditional finance as well. Generally speaking, the way, and I believe I started saying it right before I dropped, and again, apologies for that, I think the Internet, the Internet in the hotel here collapsed for 10 seconds. There's a bit of a short term effort here to help, for us to help crypto firms to do their best to build compliance programs that resemble, to some degree, the way compliance has been done in traditional finance. It's obviously more feasible in CFI than it is in DeFi, but there's a bigger, longer term effort also that needs, that is very important to really understand. How do you do that in a decentralized world? It's not going to look the same. You can't apply the travel rule the same way you do in tradfi to a fully decentralized world. And for anyone who believes in the potential of decentralized finance to create more opportunities for people, more accessibility, et cetera. If we want this not to be totally cracked down on and really pushed to the sidelines. We have to work with regulators to develop new approaches to regulation and also introduce new technologies that actually help show regulators that when blockchain based finance, when it comes to blockchain based finance, there's actually a lot of advantages for law enforcement. So you see there's a short term effort and a longer term effort as the industry continues to grow, as DeFi continues to be adopted. One example that I can give is we released a report based on one of our. A risk monitoring tool that essentially scans scam contract. Sorry. That scans smart contracts deployed token smart contracts deployed on the twelve top EVM chains and to detect hard coded rug pools, meaning tokens, that just by looking at the code with the right kind of technology, you can see that they're meant to steal people's money. There are all kinds of ways to do it, but basically, oftentimes it would just mean that people can deposit money, but the code would not. The way the smart contract is structured would not allow them to withdraw it. Now, when we started using that tool to analyze the big picture, we found that on average, about every four minutes, a new scam like that is deployed. Obviously that's horrendous. And obviously that's something that really disconcerts regulators. But at the same time, it's really interesting to discuss this with regulators in law enforcement, because the other side of the equation is that unlike in traditional finance, once it's on a blockchain, because of the transparency, because it's code based, you can detect a scam the moment it is deployed. That cannot be done in traditional finance. In traditional finance, usually for a scam to be detected and enforced against, enough people have to be scammed to report it. So we're having really interesting conversations with regulators globally because they see both sides. And they also, I think, understand that DeFi is here to stay. And it's not really something that could be completely reined in or prevented. So again, short term, do our best to raise the standards, make them a similar. Raise them to similar levels as in traditional finance. Long term, really find new tools.
Speaker B: And there's a lot to talk about there. And we're going to talk about tools in just a few moments because I know that you guys have just released a new one for insider trading. But to get back to your earlier point, I think it's very interesting. What you said mirrored, uh, quite closely, uh, what the director of national cryptocurrency enforcement at the US Department of Justice, uh, Miss Choi said earlier, this idea of cutting off, uh, the access points, the on ramps and off ramps, this is something that's incredibly important in the system, uh, in terms of the view of law enforcement. But I wanted to ask you this bigger sort of more philosophical question. Uh, if you go up to, for example, the Ethereum foundation website, uh, you know, you'll see a couple of terms repeated a great deal. One of them, of course, is privacy. And another one, which I think is becoming even more prominent on the Ethereum website, is something called credible neutrality, which is the idea that all actors on a network be treated the same way, meaning that the Ethereum ecosystem is agnostic about some of the things that we've been talking about here today, specifically things like OFAC and SDN compliance. I wonder if this is kind of an immovable force slamming into, or irresistible force moving into a immovable object. Do we get to this point where there's just this philosophical conflict? I think what folks in the Ethereum foundation would say would be, look, these things should be handled at a different layer of the system. In other words, exactly what you were just talking about, the idea that the on ramps and off ramps can be regulated. But the current backbone, in the view of many people who are most passionate about things like Defi, is that the underlying networks that empower that transaction basis, Ethereum, to name just one example, remain credibly neutral, remaining outside of the scope of enforcement. This, to me, is a considerable philosophical question about how this is going to be treated. Give us your thoughts on that challenge and also some of the opportunities you may see there.
Speaker C: So, as I said, I'm a huge believer in the potential of decentralization. I'm also a believer that decentralization isn't a binary, it's a spectrum, and that in reality, it's never going to be one or the other. Essentially what decentralized finance is doing. It's expanding the realm of available ways for people to engage with finance. But it's a spectrum over time, I believe, and we're already seeing this. Right. You're going to have a lot of different approaches to utilizing the blockchain along this spectrum. Some of them will be completely decentralized and will attract people who, for whatever reason, feel that's the best way, that's the way they want to manage their finance. But some of them are going to be somewhere in the middle, maybe systems that are partially permissionless, maybe permissionless system that has a degree of governance and therefore a degree of ways to, let's say, stop transaction stop activity, et cetera.
Speaker B: So where do you think those transactions stop capabilities would be embedded in the system? Would it be embedded at the layer of the on and off ramps, or would it be embedded in the protocol itself? To me, it seems like that's one of the key aspects of the debate. And I sometimes wonder when I hear folks talking about this, if the differences are kind of being papered over with language that really seems the core of it. Will the systems themselves, the layer one protocols, will they remain agnostic? Will they remain credibly neutral? And will the enforcement layer take place on the on and off ramps? At least that's the way that I frame the issue. Maybe you see it differently.
Speaker C: No, no, I agree with you. And I think that there are definitely going to be ones where there remains complete permissionlessness and openness in the underlying layers, but they're also going to be approaches that are. That are compromised, that, you know, maybe there's a, you know, maybe. Maybe a protocol that has inherent checks and balances in it. Maybe, you know, again, as I mentioned, kind of, you know, mixed approaches. I obviously, I mean, I hope it, you know, I think most people in the crypto industry would agree that, you know, code and engineers should not be regulated as if they're financial institutions. But I, that also doesn't mean that they don't have responsibility for what they're building. It's actually really exciting to see how people are trying to solve this on different levels, in different ways on different approaches. Staking, for example, is a fascinating world, and it's really growing as almost like the absolute foundation of a web three economy. But again, like, I mean, you know, over time, there's going to be a need to create different ecosystems within that. Some of them might be completely compliant, others less. And it's important to say that's also true in traditional finance. Traditional finance is entirely regulated. You have very aggressively regulated asset classes like securities, and you have asset classes that are very mildly regulated, like penny stocks. Generally speaking, money liquidity flows to security and stability, and well regulated, but still, free markets operate well.
Speaker B: You know, penny stocks, of course, here in the US and elsewhere are still regulated, but there are different rules that apply depending upon the capitalization of these companies. This is the idea that you want to have more flexibility and you want to allow investment to potentially flow to smaller entities. And I think there's probably a metaphor to be made here as well, talking about these different ecosystems. One of the things that sort of triggered in my mind when you were talking just now is this idea of the challenges that we have with this sort of international harmonization and the potential for certain jurisdictions to get ahead of others. One of the things that lots of folks here in the US are concerned with, many people in the crypto industry believe that we are, in this period here in the US of regulation by enforcement, which essentially means they don't tell you where the line in the sand is, they only tell you when you've stepped over it. This is a common complaint that we hear. Obviously. I suspect that law enforcement has a different perspective on this and that regulators have a different perspective. But that's the view inside the space. Inside the space. And one of the challenges that we face is this absence of sort of proactive legislation, regulation and rulemaking to allow good actors in the space to know where they can conduct business. This is from a news story from Coindesk. I just want to read this quote. In France, we are proud to be pioneers with the crypto services asset program provider known as PSAN. That's a french acronym that was legislated in 2019. This follows on the MICA, the markets and crypto assets legislation. But this is the national specific regulation that's being implemented in France. BenOit de Juveney, secretary general of the well, I'm not going to try and pronounce this in French, but the acronym is AMF. And if my french isn't too terrible, that means essentially the authority for financial market regulation. So essentially what you see here is nations saying, hey, listen, we have a regulatory framework. If you're somewhere that doesn't wink, wink, nudge, nudge us. If you're somewhere that doesn't come and headquarter your company here, we'll give you a framework to conduct business. To what extent are we challenged here in the US and in other jurisdictions by this absence of proactive regulation, legislation and rulemaking that allow actors in the space who want to be good actors to sort of operate within the parameters of known regulation and law.
Speaker C: So as someone who's always been a proponent of constructive regulation, I think that over my. My personal stance is that over the past three, four months, you know, a certain Rubicon has been crossed. You know, I think it's fair to say, in retrospect, of 2022 was the year of regulation by enforcement. 2023 is the year of legislation, meaning providing new rules or amended rules that can address these concerns. I actually think there's a real concern because of the way regulation by informants has been so dominant in the US that it can discourage compliance, and it can obviously push companies to try and operate elsewhere. You have companies that have spent millions over the years, tens of millions, and have potentially lost billions trying to be as compliant as they can. And they are the first ones. Sometimes it seems like they're the first ones who are indicted. Part of the cost of being fully regulated is also that you're under more scrutiny, but there's also a huge value. You're considered more safe, more reliable. You're more attractive to institutions. I can tell you that speaking from our own pipeline at solid slab, we're seeing a flow of interest and actual migration in some cases to other jurisdictions. Europe is one of them. Mica is a very exciting piece of legislation, not only because it provides clarity, also because of some of what it includes, things like smart contract regulation, discussion of staking. Like you're really seeing that it's the next level. And I'll do a quick brief of my experiences over the last few weeks. The next really staging. The fact that legislation is there doesn't mean we're there yet. It means we're in the right direction. Meaning now there's a long period and you're seeing that, for example, with the work of Marchef financier, I believe is the full term for AMF in France.
Speaker B: There it is.
Speaker C: There's going to be a process now where the legislation needs to turn into actual requirements. And there's a real excitement among some of the leading platforms in Europe to help drive those standards. They can be driven by regulators, but they can also be driven by the industry, showing how it's taking the new rules and turning them into compliance stacks into technological rules, et cetera.
Speaker B: Boy, this is really complicated stuff. Essentially, you have the legislation that happens at the supranational level, at the European Parliament, European Council, and then you have the, the legislative implementations at the national level, then you have the rulemaking, and then you have the compliance stack that gets built on top of it. I know that that's a lot to digest, but that's basically the framework of what you're talking about here. I don't know about indictments here in the US, but it certainly seems like civil enforcement action has been the course that regulators have gone with. Wells notices and other types of enforcement actions here in the US. But to your point, I think everyone believes that the world would be a better place if there could be constructive regulation. By the way, I think even folks who are in many ways concerned about crypto seem to share that belief. They believe that if you could actually have implementation of bright lines, it might be better for the world. Certain regulators may not, but that's just the period of uncertainty that we find ourselves. And remember, folks, this is incredibly new technology and it took us 90 years to build out, for example, here in the US, our securities laws from the acts of 1933 and 34 up to the current rulemaking and then the jurisprudence on top of that. Its a lot going on.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, and look, I think it is important to say that you cant really fairly compare us capital markets to capital markets anywhere else in the world or us economy to economies elsewhere in the world. I think the last time I checked, the statistic is that about 60% of the world capital is in the us capital markets. You can see why that would potentially make regulators here feel like they have more to protect and be more prudent. Also, you know, sometimes it's a question of political systems. Right. You know, the EU parliament was, you know, hadn't, you know, was able to politically get the will and consensus to promote Mika. You know, in the US, it's a different story. It's becoming increasingly partisan and we're going into an election year, which doesn't help. You know, they're interesting. There's interesting work in a lot of other places, you know, in the UAE, for example, where a lot of the companies that we're speaking with are looking at the UAE very seriously. You have very, very proactive.
Speaker B: Ken, let me ask you a question on precisely that point, and I'm curious if the UAE is involved in this, but Ralph on the real vision website wants to know what are currently your three top jurisdictions for crypto.
Speaker C: I'm a person who hates picking favorites as a rule, but I will do my best. I mean, I think that Mika is really an outstanding piece of legislation. It's going to be very interesting to see how it turns into requirements and compliance programs, like you said. And there's a huge opportunity for the industry here to drive standards and take the lead and show regulators what's the right way to do it based on the legislation provided. So the EU has definitely become dramatically more interesting once that was put in place in the UAE. You have young, very proactive and very focused regulators. It's important to remember that the UAE is divided into seven emirates, so things are different between Abu Dhabi and Dubai. But the bottom line is that there's very forward thinking there and it's already a very good place. I mean, ADGM Abu Dhabi Global markets has come out relatively recently with guidelines that are very clear. It allowed us, for example, to create a compliance playbook that, in a straightforward manner, helps our clients understand how they can structure their program. Hong Kong and Singapore is a very interesting dynamic. Hong Kong was very much ahead of the curve back in 2019 when he put out a policy paper that already included a lot of great ideas, a lot of great guidelines on what a crypto compliance program and risk monitoring program needs to include, and then a license program based on it. And some of the most sophisticated organizations crypto platforms in the world operate here. Singapore, during COVID Hong Kong kind of slowed down a little bit, and Singapore, one could argue, took the lead. And there are a lot of firms that are becoming licensed there. So I did pick favorites. It ended up being four instead of three. I hope that's okay.
Speaker B: Great food for thought, and it's a great question, as always, Ralph. Talking of white papers, which you just mentioned there, I wanted to highlight this. We teased this a little bit at the top of the show. The new tool that you guys have out, you guys have a white paper outdated. Today, Solidus Labs debuts first ever insider trading detection tool designed to monitor decentralized exchanges. This is literally out today. Tell us a little bit about that tool, what the goals behind it are and why you think it's important to implement.
Speaker C: Yeah, well, it goes back to market integrity. At the moment, there are studies, and whoever is looking at this, the press release now sees that at the top, it says that there's research that is, you know, that raises concerns that 25% of all tokens are accompanied by some sort of insider trading before insider trading. Once they're listed, we have reasons to believe that in many cases, the numbers are actually significantly higher. Now, what does that mean? If you believe in crypto, you can't possibly think that it's a good idea that any token that's out there would be an opportunity for people who happen to be friends of someone who knows about the listing or for any other reason, you know, to make more profits on behalf of the market. It's just unfair. And unfair markets don't last long. Right. Again, we're trying here to use the inherent. We're trying to use the challenge as an opportunity, the inherent transparency. The fact that a lot of these. That insider trading activity happens on DExs means that it's also fully transparent. You can see who's buying and who's selling. And essentially the tool we released utilizes that in order to help our clients monitor. And some of those clients are platforms, some of those are investors, some of them are regulators themselves to help them. Or when a centralized crypto exchange lists a new token to make sure that there isn't someone making unfair profit off of it.
Speaker B: Ken, interesting stuff. We're almost out of time here. Unfair markets don't last long. I love that quote, but I wanted to give you an opportunity. 30 seconds to just give us your key thoughts. Final takeaways from this conversation.
Speaker C: All of the amazing potential of crypto is not going to be fulfilled if we're not able to mitigate the risks and make sure that these are markets that are fair. Accessibility, openness, decentralization are all great. But if something is accessible not just because anyone could use it, accessibility also means that anyone can use it safely. If my grandmother can't buy a new exciting token that she found out about, I don't know where, then without it being manipulated in a way that ultimately hurts her investment just because someone had that information, that ultimately she's not going to adopt crypto. And if our goal is for more people to adopt crypto, we have to mitigate the risks. We have to turn the challenges into an opportunity, and that's exactly what we and a lot of other people in the industry are doing, working with regulators to address.
Speaker B: Ken, spectacular conversation as always, and especially timely. Great to have you here when there's news flow. Wonderful to have you interpret it for us. Thank you so much. Hope you'll join us again soon.
Speaker C: Thank you. Great to be here, Ash, as always.
Speaker B: That's it for today. Remember to sign up for real vision crypto. It's free. Go to realvision.com crypto. That's realvision.com crypto. We'll be back again tomorrow with another special episode of asking for a friend where Elaine and Jeremy we'll dive into the world of NFT, something that Elaine is very passionate about. Make sure to join them live. See at 09:00 a.m. pacific time, noon Eastern, 05:00 p.m. in London on the real vision crypto daily briefing. Thanks for watching, everybody.
Speaker A: Today's episode of the real Vision Crypto Daily Briefing is sponsored by Origin Ethereum. Earn elevated yield on your ethereum directly into your crypto wallet. Deposit ether for oeth or deposit liquid staking derivatives to boost your ethereum yields. Now head to realvision.com oeth now to learn more.
