Speaker A: Join over 20,000 attendees for the world's largest crypto event, token 2049 Singapore on the 18th to the 19 September. Balaji, Srinivasan, Solanaz, Anatoli, Arthur Hayes and over 250 others will hit the stage as Tokin 2049 takes over the iconic Marina Bay sands in Singapore. With over 500 side events during Token 2049 week, Singapore will transform into a crypto hub from the 16th to the 22 September, capped off by after 2049 and the Formula one Grand Prix race weekend. Everyone will be there. This is the one event you can't miss this year. Visit realvision.com token 2049 for 15% off. Tickets only with the code RealVision link.
Speaker B: In Description hi, I'm Raul Powell and welcome to my show the journeyman, where I go on that journey to the nexus of macro crypto and the exponential agent technology and I take you guys with me. You see, I am here to learn as I go and I get the privilege of speaking to some of the best people in the world to understand how they're thinking things through and what it can mean for us. Now as you know, I built this whole thesis called the everything code. A lot of you have seen the video that's on both YouTube and the real vision platform. If you haven't, I really urge you to see it because it's 35 years of work for me into what I think cracks the code of markets, at least for now. It won't last forever, but it's done phenomenally well so far. Managed to help us nail the lows in 2022, both in crypto and in technology. It's managed to keep the right side of this bull market and give us a framework of understanding of what's really going on. You see, my everything code thesis is based around a debt refi cycle that started in 2008 when we broke the world. That debt refi cycle has to be financed by liquidity, which is the debasement of currency, and it happens every four years. And what I found in my work was that liquidity was essentially everything. There was only two markets really in a secular bull market, technology and crypto. Everything else was just basically reflecting the debate of currency of about 8% a year. Liquidity is the key driver and its the most important thing for us to understand. Now I do a huge amount of work on liquidity with Julian Battell that appears on the real vision platform. Ill talk to you about that later. The expert, the Gandalf of liquidity is Mike Howell, and I need to bring Mike back because you've all asked for him, and you've all asked for more deep dives on liquidity so you can grasp it, too. So let's sit down with Mike Howell and understand when the liquidity spigots are coming back.
Speaker C: Join me, Raoul Powell, as I go.
Speaker B: On a journey of discovery through the.
Speaker C: Macro, crypto and exponential age landscapes in the journeyman. I talk to the smartest people in the world so we can all become smarter together. Mike. Hal, how the devil are you?
Speaker D: Pretty good, Raoul. Good to see you back from Ross.
Speaker C: Good to see you as ever. Look, there's a. I'm sure there's a lot to get through, a lot to chew through, and a lot to think through. But as ever, for those people, the few people now who don't know you, just give a little bit of your background and your framework around how you think about liquidity, because I know it's been decades in the making.
Speaker D: Sure. Yeah, well, cross border capital, which is the firm I'm with, we set up in the late 1990s that basically evolved out of a group of us had been at Barings. People will remember the barings catastrophe, I'm sure.
Speaker C: But bearings, I was involved in that. I had to go to the bank of England on a Sunday to unwind all of those trades.
Speaker D: Oh, really?
Speaker C: Because I was at James Capel at the time.
Speaker D: Okay. Yeah, well, I remember that Sunday very well. So since I was sitting on the board of bearings at the time, it was a pretty sweaty, uncomfortable period, but there you go. And then prior to bearings, I was at Salomon Brothers. So the sort of the adage is that investment banking is very volatile. And as I always say, never to people, career advice, never bother climbing the ladder. And investment banking, just wait for the ceiling to come down and meet you. And that happens quite a lot. So it's a volatile ride. Sal umbrellas. Prior to its demise, after the so called treasury scandal in the early nineties, basically was the preeminent fixed income house worldwide. It was a major prop trader. It was the bond market in many cases. I was research director there. And that's where the global liquidity concept basically evolved. It evolved out of a lot of the work that Henry Kaufman did. Henry was the chief economist of Salomon Brothers. He basically invented or basically popularized, I suppose it's better to say, the whole flow of funds framework. He used to produce a document called prospects for financial markets, published every year, which was a supply and demand analysis of us financial markets. And it was really about understanding those flows which really drove fixed income markets, forex markets, et cetera, in the US. And that was really what Salavans prop trading desk was really all about. It was about understanding the flows and trying to identify where the money was. And what I tried to do was to expand that concept globally. It was a time when international was really just picking up. Hard to envision now, but basically around the mid 1980s, the world was very insular. There wasn't really a global market. We saw the rise of american investment banks and the growth of investing really coming from the mid eighties onwards. And it just accelerated thereafter. So we're now in a global world, but that's really where global liquidity evolved. It was the idea of cross border flows of money and how they wing their way around the world.
Speaker C: My favourite Salomon story from when I was in markets was it was about 90. I cant remember when it was exactly early nineties, when the entire balance sheet of the firm was on the EU convergence trade.
Speaker D: Williams John, good friend, got called up.
Speaker C: On the analyst call, and hes like, yeah, that entire balance sheets on one trade right now, im like theyre made of different stuff at Salomon.
Speaker D: They like to take position. That was for sure.
Speaker C: So let's talk about liquidity frameworks now, how you've evolved it and how you're using it nowadays, and some of the key metrics. And then we'll talk about where we're both seeing liquidity and talk through some of that.
Speaker D: Yeah, well, I mean, what we do and how we understand liquidity is basically money has a hierarchy. So it's a question of understanding how that hierarchy evolves. And what you've got, if you think about in terms of a pyramid or maybe an inverted pyramid, what you've got on the apex of the pyramid is basically central bank balance sheets, or let me be more precise, the liquidity creating parts of the central bank balance sheet. Because it's not just the balance sheet that's critical, then you've got to factor in what can be maybe borrowed offshore. So you've got to think about, certainly it was a relevant element maybe ten years ago. The eurodollar markets, they've been eclipsed in many ways in the last decade, but they may all come back in a different guise. So in other words, those offshore deposits. And then you've also got to start to wrap in collateral, because certainly since the GFC collateral has been a very important part of any liquidity creating process. Now, on that apex, what youve got is a pyramid that grows, and the base of the pyramid consists of private sector liquidity. And that private sector liquidity is really a function of the apex, if you like the central bank balance sheet and the collateral, and you have a collateral multiplier or shadow banking multiplier that effectively energizes that core money and drives it into credit globally, which is what we think of as global liquidity. So that's what we tend to look at. Now, if I have to drill down and say, well, okay, I'm on a desert island, I've got to choose maybe three things to look at. What are the three most important things? I would say number one is what the Federal Reserve is doing with its liquidity injections. The Fed is clearly the preeminent central bank worldwide. Secondly, though, youve got to look at the Peoples bank of China. Peoples bank of China is critical to understanding Chinas footprint in the world economy. And we know that that is effectively without mixing metaphors of the elephant in the room. So China has got a huge footprint in terms of the world economy and the PBOC largely controls that. And then youve got a third factor, which is really understanding how collateral markets work. One of the best ways to gauge the impact of collateral is to look at something like bond volatility measures such as the move. So if you've got three traffic lights, let's say the Fed, the PVOC and the move index, if you've got an expanding fed balance sheet, an expanding liquidity injection by the PBOC and a move, in other words, bond volatility that is shrinking or going down, then that's a recipe for very strong global liquidity.
Speaker C: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back. Hi, you.
Speaker B: Hey, listen, if you're enjoying this, come.
Speaker C: And see me on the YouTube channel, Raoul pal, the journeyman. Sign up there. Get everything I ever do. See you there. So I think the key thing why this matters to people is because it's become increasingly the dominant factor in markets. My thesis on this is a lot of this is debasement of currency. And so youre playing with the denominator effect. Its not only that, but thats some of the elements, and the other elements are the flows of capital that move around. But its all part of the same larger thing and its become so dominant now, when did you start picking up the incredible dominance? Because it wasn't this. I mean, it was a big factor, as you've always studied, but it suddenly has now become almost everything, right?
Speaker D: Yeah, I think it's largely been probably from about 2000 or the mid two thousands onwards. It's become really a key thing. And in terms of the role of the central banks, I mean, I think you've got maybe two elements in this. One is that if you look at the period from maybe 2000 to the GFC, shadow banks were a dominant feature. And in many cases, the central banks lost control of their financial systems because of the rise of the shadow banks. What they've done, particularly the Fed has done in the last, what, 15 years since the GFC is it's wrestle back control of the financial system. So the central banks are really playing a much, much more important role in that equation. Now. I think you can embroider that whole picture by saying maybe even earlier, maybe in the mid, from the maybe early nineties through the mid nineties, cross border flows were a very important factor and they were clearly driving emerging markets, as you will recall, during that time. But I think you've got that evolution. But when global liquidity was dominant was really, I would say from the two thousands, generally it was that build up to the GFC that was the important thing.
Speaker C: And hats off to you, it was your work that helped me develop the everything code, because you'd mentioned about a debt refi cycle. And I started looking at the cyclicality of the ism and realizing, oh my God, everything is now this just building on top of the work that you'd done and then realizing that, well, when I looked at the correlations between the GMI global liquidity index and you've got your own version of that to, let's say, nasdaq, it was 97.5% and crypto bitcoin was like 87.5%. It's like, okay, this is quite something, and I still find it remarkable. And I see you online sometimes ending up in a fight with the people I kind of refer to as the mid curvers who are like, this is not true. It doesn't flow through the system. I mean, it's so obvious. Do you not get frustrated with that argument that it can't be about liquidity, it can't be that basic, that straightforward?
Speaker D: Well, I mean frustrated, I suppose, in a way, but I mean, to be perfectly truthful, I mean, you get the same pushback. And I've seen it for the last 25 plus years. I mean, people have always been against the whole idea. And you've got this sort of core, core analysis, I suppose, which is really value investing based and based around finance textbooks. The problem is that that whole philosophy, I think, is wrong. And its certainly wrong at the macro level. And ill come quietly and say, well okay, if you buy a cheap stock with a low pe, youll likely make money on the basis that earnings will grow. But you simply cannot apply that to the macro level. Macro is about different things. And if you look at maybe when you saw the death of value investing, it was really when you saw cross border flows begin to become very strong and a dominant factor in the world economy. Because that was saying that the momentum became really critical thing in understanding how markets moved. And that was really something, I think, that evolved from maybe the mid to late 1980s. And that's when you, I think you saw the depth, generally the depth of value investing, certainly from a macro standpoint. So I think that pushback has always been there. And then you look at finance textbooks and it's been all about trying to understand what drives the yield curve, what drives the bond market. And people have said, well, okay, you've got a very simple expectations hypothesis. So it's all about trying to understand policy rates. What expected policy rates, expected fed funds rates, will be over the course of the next ten years. And that's how central bankers still think. But the trouble is it's wrong. And why it's wrong is you've got term premium in there, which if you just care to look at the data on term premium, and that's published by the new Fed, they've got a series, we have our own one. Many people estimate their own estimate, their own term premium data. But if you look at the new Fed, which is in the public domain, what you can see is that's been the dominant factor driving bond markets for the last 15 years. It's not about rate expectations, it's all about looking at term premium and term premium or liquidity phenomena.
Speaker C: So again, what you find term premium for people who don't understand what it.
Speaker D: Is, term premium is really the compensation that you need to get as an investor for holding interest rate risk over the term of the bond. So in other words, if I hold a ten year bond over the ten year period, rather than rolling a one year bond every year for ten years, the difference in yield is the term premium. Now one of the things that that particular textbook view can't explain right now is why you've got very negative term premium on the US ten year bond. That doesn't flow from textbook analysis because it should be positive. And the reason that you've got negative term premium comes back to understanding liquidity and the supply and demand for bonds. And one of the things that's happened. Janet's been very clever about this. Janet Yellen treasury project has been very clever about this because one of the things they've done over the last 18 months is they've skewed the issuance calendar in the US towards shorter dated coupons and more bill financing. And basically what that's done is it starved the long end of duration of coupon bonds, rather. And what that's meant is that yields have been artificially depressed and we think the long end of the bond market, for example, the ten year bond, is probably about 100 basis points too low from where it should be in terms of fair value. In other words, the yield curve should be much steeper.
Speaker C: I just want to go back, before we go onto yell and the Fed and all sorts of other stuff, I want to raise a point you made about value investing. As I looked at this and realized that liquidity or debasement drives p and e seems to be driven by GDP growth. Let's call it therefore, as you keep increasing liquidity over time, price earnings keep going up and you have to adjust for it. Which is why the whole world of value investing just doesn't work anymore.
Speaker D: Exactly.
Speaker C: Because so much of this is driven by things that most people dont understand in economic textbooks.
Speaker D: Yeah, exactly right. I mean youve said it from a different perspective. But I think probably better is that whats happening is the p is going up and the e is going up at a much slower rate because liquidity is driving the p and the economy is driving the e. And thats exactly.
Speaker C: The same phenomena with wages versus assets. This is the rich poor divide. Its all the same thing is because debasement increases optically, p but doesn't increase e even at economic level. And do you think the central banks and governments know this? I think they do. And I think they had an agreement, maybe 2012, they solidified it in the european crisis is we can't let collateral go bust because we've got an over indebted system. So debasing the currency means the collateral price optically goes up and you don't get the disparity between. That's why you talk about collateral as well. It's very important. Just generalize collateral, not just bond market collateral, but collateral overall. When there's so much leverage in the system, they surely they must know because they all act in concert.
Speaker D: I think that's right. I mean it has to be. If it's yellow and quacks, it's a dark. And this has been quacking for quite a long time. So I agree with you. I think they basically know what they're doing. And I think you can see, if you look at whats happening in the US in terms of, as I said, going back to the issuance calendar, its very clear to me that the treasury and the fed are sort of hand in hand doing duration management deliberately. Theyre trying to starve the market of long dated coupons to try and keep yields down. Theyre doing a lot of issuance in bills. Monetarism, if there are any monetarists left out, there should be screaming now. But what you've got because of all this bill finance is basically monetization of the deficit. And that's a dangerous phenomenon, as we know. And I think if you come back to coming back, this whole liquidity picture, one of the things that we talk about is you can get two types of crises. You can get crises of monetary inflation, and you can get crises of monetary deflation. Now, if you're in a crisis of monetary deflation, in other words, when the liquidity cycle has been, is being squeezed dramatically, that tends to adversely affect the private sector. It affects the collateral and whatever. And in that environment, what you want is bonds. So the 60 40 traditional asset equation, equities, bonds or equities fixed income, is all suited to a world where you get monetary deflation. Those crises, if you're in a monetary inflation, and the last time we had a monetary inflation was really in the early 1970s. Thats basically when youve got not an insolvent private sector, youve got an insolvent government, and the governments are basically printing more and more money and theyre debasing their currency. And then a crisis of monetary inflation, you dont want bonds, you want hedges. Monetary inflation hedges like gold, or dare I say bitcoin or crypto, because theyre the ultimate. Maybe it's exponential gold, you can talk about that, but effectively, these are your monetary hedges.
Speaker C: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners, and then we'll be right back.
Speaker A: Join over 20,000 attendees for the world's largest crypto event, Token 2049 Singapore. On the 18th to the 19 September. Balaji, Srinivasan, Solanas, Anatoly, Arthur Hayes, and over 250 others will hit the stage as token 2049 takes over the iconic Marina Bay sands in Singapore. With over 500 side events during Token 2049 week, Singapore will transform into a crypto hub from the 16th to the 22 September, capped off by after 2049 and the Formula one Grand Prix race weekend. Everyone will be there. This is the one event you can't miss this year. Visit realvision.com token 2049 for 15% off tickets only with the code RealVision link.
Speaker E: In description you're a podcast listener and this is a podcast ad. Reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from lips and ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements, or run a reproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience with lips and ads, go to lipsonads.com. now that's Libsyn ads.com dot.
Speaker C: Now, a lot of people spend too long looking at official rates, fed fund rates, central bank rates, and I think you would probably agree liquidity is upstream of all of that. That's almost noise at this point. It's kind of a confirming factor, but is not necessary. Back to the liquidity itself?
Speaker D: Yeah, absolutely. The two are very disconnected. I mean, it's not about interest rates. That's not the story. And I think if you revert back to the textbook model, which basically says what you need to look at is interest rates. Interest rates govern the business cycle. If you raise interest rates, you cut off capital spending, the economy slows down, et cetera. Okay, I'll come quietly if we're in a capital spending world, but we're not really. Most of the capital spending worldwide has been undertaken by the Chinese. And thats really state organized. Its not done through the markets. The west is barely doing replacement investment right now. So were actually in a world which is not about capital spending, its about debt refinancing. And ive tried to make the point. I think theres a chart that you could flash up, which I put in the pack I sent over, which looks at how markets have become debt refinancing vehicles rather than new capital raising mechanisms. And thats a very fundamental difference. If you go back to 1980, what the chart shows is the markets were pretty much evenly split between debt refinancing and new capital raising. And where they are now is that basically $3 out of every four that is transacted in financial markets is a debt refinancing transaction. Now, if you're doing debt refinancing, interest rates are not really the critical factor. Clearly they're important, I'll accept that. But they're not the critical factor. What you want is to get the role. You need balance sheet capacity so you can refinance your positions. Just think of a home mortgage. If you don't get the role, you're homeless. If a corporate doesn't get the role, they default. So what you need is the role, and you need balance sheet capacity to do that. And that's liquidity. Liquidity is a measure of balance sheet capacity in the financial sector. So thats why its so critical. Its not about interest rates. Its about liquidity.
Speaker C: And this whole function of the economy all being about debt. Refi has meant its become very cyclical. Yeah, correct. Were now in the point where we have, what, $10 trillion to roll in the US, something crazy, because there's a lot of short term funding that keeps getting rolled, and then there's the long term stuff. How are you thinking of this? Because then we can talk about different areas of liquidity because they keep changing the game on us, which keeps us on our toes.
Speaker D: Raoul yeah, I think that's right. I mean, if you look back over the past 20 years, almost every, and I would say almost every, maybe every financial crisis that we've looked at has been a debt refinancing crisis in some way. Its about inability to get the role. Thats really been the problem thats forced central banks to come back in and provide liquidity. So its all about this refinancing issue. We may have emerging on the horizon, a debt refinancing problem among french banks in the lead up to the french elections. Thats a possibility because a lot of their financing is very, very short term of the repo market. So weve got to start being alert to these whole issues. Now, if youve got this amount of debt, 350 trillion of debt worldwide with an average maturity of about five years, then youre refinancing 70 trillion a year in the markets. And thats a huge amount to roll over. Now, what that would suggest is that the business cycle or the liquidity cycle is geared to the duration or the maturity wall of that debt, how it changes. So if you start to see debt at around the four to five year maturity level on average, then youre going to get a four to five year liquidity cycle.
Speaker C: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker C: So lets talk about liquidity thats ongoing. So I think the central banks know that weve all figured out that QE is just straight up money printing. So theyre not going to do that unless they have to. So lets talk about the US first, the US mechanisms of doing this. I mean, obviously, Yellen issuing the short dated stuff has drained the reverse repo. So thats one, then Yellen can drain the treasury general account, which he will do this year. Thats two, the Fed can slow down on QT which theyve done and probably stop it. Thats three. But thats probably still not enough. Theres more likely to come other sources of liquidity in the US. Ill give you some of my thoughts, but where do you think it might creep up here, Stan?
Speaker D: Well, I think, okay, if you look at the various elements, I think youve got to differentiate whats happening in terms of the fed balance sheet from the implications of what treasury issuance is doing. So let me just go down that route. If you look at bill issuance, one of the reasons that bill issuance is important to watch and extending from that, lets say issuance of short dated coupons, because its really rolling in the same mix. They tend to be bought by banks. The banks like very short term debt and treasury bills. Now the banks buy government debt. That is pure monetization. So in other words, in that situation, the Federal Reserve doesnt really have to do very much because in actual fact the treasury is doing it for the Fed, if you like. The other thing to say is, what about the fed balance sheet? Because that could actually be a direct monetization rather than a backdoor monetization in the way I just described. That could be a straightforward direct monetization. What they basically would do there is to expand liquidity, fed liquidity, as you rightly say. It could come really in a number of ways. It could come in bailouts, I suppose, if the discount window started to expand. But I think they want to avoid that at all costs. So it's probably going to come through a change in the reverse repo. But I detect that's quite sticky anyway right now. So it's difficult to get that down unless you start to do a lot of bill issuance. I mean really start to put your foot on the gas pedal, and we're not seeing that yet. So that could be a possibility. It's not really been enacted, but it's the treasury general account, which I think is the key thing to watch. Now, what I would argue, and this is going down a slightly different rabbit hole, but let me just play this theme. What you've got is the potential seasonally for about 250 to 300 billion to come out of the TGA over the next three months. Because, because that's what the seasonal numbers say. So you've probably got a fairly significant drop in the TGA and a rise in fed liquidity naturally because of seasonal effects. I think the other thing that you've got to factor in is that maybe the treasury would like to get the TGA down for a number of reasons 1 may be to stop the Orange man getting into the White House, which one would surmise is really the agenda of a lot of Fed and Treasury officials, secretly or maybe even overtly, in fact. But I would say secretly. So I think they want a better liquidity and economic environment. But the other thing is whats happening to the dollar. Here, I think, lies another puzzle, and quite an interesting one. Now, youre familiar, I know, because you platformed it, Brent Johnsons dollar milkshake theory, which I think is a fantastic explanation of really whats going on in the dollar. Now, one of the things that we wrote about a few weeks ago was to say, actually, ive subscribed to this view, but maybe you can do a variant of it, which I called flippantly the bent straw version of the dollar milkshake. The reason that we spoke about that was that what youve got in China right now is a very, very curious situation. It's a paradox. The bigger the chinese trade surplus, the stronger the US dollar. Now, that's a head scratching moment, because everyone would say, actually, what you'd expect is the opposite. But let's start thinking about this. Think this through. Actually, China is still very much, or chinese trade is still very much dollarized, either directly or indirectly. So the chinese surplus is to a very large extent a dollar surplus. So it's a bit like California owning a much bigger surplus. And what would that do to the dollar? It should raise it. Now, I accept the argument. People say, well, ok, China is trying to diversify out of dollars and it's trying to re denominate a lot more trade in yuan. Ok, fair enough. Oil is priced in yuan. If they're buying from Saudi or UAE, okay, fair enough. But the key question is, are the Saudis or the Emiratis holding those yuan, or are they converting them back into dollars? And there is no evidence they're building up yuan holdings. So in actual fact, what's happening is that you've got this still swelling dollar trade surplus from China. So that's basically demand for dollars. Now, what China's role in this situation is as well, is to recycle those dollars back into the world economy. But the threat of sanctions through mainline US banks or confiscation or whatever it may be, persuades them that they ought to go down a different route. And what they ought to be doing is maybe recycling it through less direct avenues like middle eastern banks or maybe asian banks. Now, that's going to be less efficient than doing it through JPM or whatever it may be. Or bank of America. So the elasticity of dollar supply basically becomes compromised. And so what you've got is a situation where the dollar just keeps powering up and that is the situation we're in. And does the treasury want that ahead of an election? I don't know. That's an interesting debating point. Some people would argue that actually is the long term agenda of the us administration. They want a strong dollar because they can squeeze and control the rest of the world. I'm not sure they want it this strong. And I would suggest that what they're going to do is to try and push forward easing in the next few weeks or months to try and get the dollar down a whole bit. Where it is, the whole idea about the bent store is if youre sucking the dollar milkshake and the store is bent, youve got to suck even harder and you may get a dollar overshoot and you may get soaked with milkshake. But thats basically the way that its going. And I think thats an interesting point to ponder because its really curious that the dollar keeps going up and the yuan keeps going down.
Speaker C: How I've looked at this is, I assume, much like Brent, there is an ongoing dollar shortage in the world because there's so many dollars. As the global economy slows down, there's just not enough dollars. It's a game of musical chairs. First was Silicon Valley bank blowing up. Then it was Credit Suisse blowing up. Next it's dollar yen, which is the big one. So dollar yen, the chinese banks are the euro dollar market now, mainly. So theyre clearly short of dollars. Next minute, yellens in China twice because Chinas like, hey, listen, we dont want to devalue, but this is going to force us to devalue. I think the US is kind of allowing Japan to go through this pain barrier to kind of negotiate with the Chinese.
Speaker D: I agree 100%.
Speaker C: And so the outcome for me is, and I think you may have even written about this as well, is probably swap lines to the Japanese or some ability for the Japanese to short infinite amounts of dollars to then inject liquidity. And then that will flow through the japanese banks because the US doesnt want a direct swap line, which isnt look good. But the Chinese know, Yellen knows that their entire property sector is short on dollars and they desperately need them. So you inject the dollars in and they come back out into us treasuries, which is what Janet does, is she sells bonds for a living. So that's kind of where I've got to in my mind, yeah, no, I.
Speaker D: Think that I would go along with that. I think it makes sense. I mean, I've had the view for a long time that the yen is a stalking horse. They're deliberately putting pressure on the chinese financial system by forcing the yen lower. And I think that's, you know, I mean, my view back in 2022 was, in all the years I've been in markets, I've never seen a major g seven currency fall as quickly as the yen did. And markets don't do that to currencies. Only governments do. So I think that was a deliberate push down.
Speaker C: Super interesting. Now, the other ones that I'm thinking of for the US is, first, I just want to get your thoughts on what shenanigans is yellen doing with the adding liquidity to the off the runs. Is that another kind of backdoor mechanism to continue doing what shes doing? How do you see that? A lot of people dont understand this bit, but for me, its like, its not quite yield curve control, but it is. Yeah.
Speaker D: Well, the whole principle there, to let me describe it, is whats happening is that in the bond markets, you distinguish between on the run, which are newly issued, and off the run bonds, which are stale bonds. And as it happens, institutions always like to buy the new ones. And therefore, what the treasury is doing to improve liquidity in the markets is replacing a stale bond of a particular maturity with a newly issued bond. Now, they can clearly, in doing that, change average duration in the market, but they say they're not doing that. So let's assume they're not for a moment. But the very act of improving liquidity in the bond markets is going to reduce bond market volatility. Get the move index down. And as the move index goes down, what you've then got is an improved collateral multiplier in the system, because there will be smaller haircuts given on collateral by credit providers in a situation where you've got lower volatility. So in that situation, it's very positive for global liquidity.
Speaker C: So it shows you why Janet Yellen's in the treasury position, because that connection between Howell and Yellen is theyre the same. Thats working for one job, which is to refi that debt, because that cant blow up because its too big and its the end of everything. So theyre all absorbed by that. The next thing on my list of potential ones is we know the commercial real estate issue. I think the old fashioned way of doing this is an SPV bad bank. You know, SBV, that's backstopped by the Fed or the treasury, and then we can get it off. That's another nice backdoor mechanism that.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think that would make sense. As you say, it's happened before. So why not think of the SNL crisis back in 1920, which was very.
Speaker C: Similar to this crisis.
Speaker D: Yeah, exactly. But I think they have to do that after the election. But I think in the interim, they want bank reserves to keep going up to make sure there's not another Silicon Valley bank problem. They can't afford that.
Speaker C: There's another one that's on my radar screen, which is interesting. I think it's Fannie Mae that's applied through Congress for a change of its charter to be able to add mortgage refinancing or not mortgage refinancing, what's it called? Second mortgages or second mortgages you can do. And that's a very big deal, I think, and it wouldn't be captured by the standard liquidity measures, but it feels like it's a massive gush. I was in Australia a couple of weeks back talking to them, and they did that back in 92, and it gave them a massive liquidity boost of like six years of liquidity came out of it. Talk to people about this, what it is and how it works and how you're thinking about it.
Speaker D: Well, it's basically just what it will be doing is you'd be creating equity withdrawal, you'd be encouraging people to take out a second mortgage on a second property. So it's basically more credit collateralized against your second home. It would look to it, and I've tried to ask the question about, could it be done speedily? Because my view was initially quite cynical, thinking this couldn't be enacted fast, but apparently it can. People were talking about maybe within a six week period. Now, will it make a difference this year? I don't think so. But as you rightly say, I mean, this is a window of more, potentially more liquidity. Over the course of maybe a five year period, it could easily step up. Is it in normal liquidity indexes? Not if you're looking at central bank liquidity. It's in our measures, because we actually look at Fannie Mae, Freddie Macdje, as liquidity creators because it's part of the shadow banking system. So it would start to come through in our numbers, but it could be sizable, and there's no question about that.
Speaker C: I saw estimates of 5 trillion.
Speaker D: Yeah. As I was saying, I mean, if you look back to the period ahead of the GFC, that was all about the growth of shadow banking. And you've now got another up leg. And this is important. The system needs liquidity to grow, not just the US. But look at China. China stalled the economy through Covid. They can't get it enlivened again without pumping lots of credit in. If they pump lots of credit in, the yuan drops. So they already start. They've got to have some deal. And that's why I think that you're spot on with those talking about what Janet's doing out there.
Speaker C: Janet Yellen doesn't normally just go across the US. And the press keep it pretty quiet. I'm like, there's something much bigger at play here than just Janet's having a nice visit to Beijing. It's like, we understand what you need, you understand what we need. We're going to have to reach some grand compromise. You need dollars. You don't want to devalue your currency. We don't want you to. The Europeans don't. We've all asked you not to. And we're going to have to do some sort of trade deal on the back of this, I guess.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think that's right. Because if you look at them, you look at the pressures that are on the yuan, on the chinese system, they're enormous. I mean, China is displaying all the characteristics of an overvalued real exchange rate. Now, I know economists say, well, okay, look at the trade surplus. The yuan should be going up. Well, no, I don't agree with that. It should be coming down. And the reason that the real exchange rate is falling or the evidence is just look at asset prices that collapsing. You look at high street prices, they're skidding lower. And the nominal yuan wants to devalue. So it's all symptomatic of an overvalued exchange rate. Where did we see that before? We saw it in emerging Asia. We've seen it in Japan at different times. We've seen it in Scandinavia. These are classic reverse bubble phenomenon. And China had a bubble when all that capital flow went into China. Now it's exiting. China's deflating. And the question to ask is how much longer is capital flight from China going to go on? Because its clearly happening despite the capital controls that money is leaving and this is a long term decline of capital, withdrawal of capital out of China. Thats the big problem theyve got. And they need a deal, Raoul.
Speaker C: So they have to replace that capital essentially with liquidity.
Speaker D: Exactly.
Speaker C: Because if not, the system ends up without any liquidity.
Speaker D: Yeah, the chinese economy implodes. Now, that may be on the agenda of the US, but I don't think so. I mean, they basically want, I would imagine China to be to stabilize around here, and therefore that's what they've got to think about these solutions in terms of liquidity.
Speaker C: But the Chinese can't inject liquidity without devaluing. Yeah, unless the US devalued the dollar first, then they can inject liquidity and everything kind of balances out of.
Speaker D: Exactly. But if that happens, which I think is quite likely, that would be my scenario. Then youve got gold and crypto, which explode on the upside, because this is further monetary inflation. The only way to keep the plate spinning, if you like, is to basically keep pumping liquidity into the system. The reason that China is so important is that China is not the Soviet Union. The Soviet Union was an autarkic economy that you could easily disassociate from. You could cut the Soviet Union off. You can't cut Charnov because it's integrated so deeply into the world economy. And that's the fact it's integrated into trade. There are huge supply chains worldwide and it's also integrated into financial markets. They're holdings of treasurers and they're whopping great current account surplus.
Speaker C: Raoul, the other one, there's yet another thing on my radar screen, which is Basel four.
Speaker D: Yeah, and I think that's another good one, because I think that's likely.
Speaker C: Well, as far as I've gone down the rabbit hole, it's like Europe implements it in January 2025, and the US and the UK June or July 2025. And for those people who aren't aware, it's basically forcing the banks to own yet more bonds. And when I looked at it, yeah, it's reasonably big for the Europeans and decently big for the UK, but it's massive for the US, forcing the banks to own huge amounts of bonds.
Speaker D: Exactly. And then if you start to look, and there's a factor chart I think I sent over, which is maybe the first chart I put in there, which is capital inflows into the us dollar over the last 20 years. Now, if you look at that, you can explain an awful lot. And what's really driving a lot of that capital inflow is, number one, Basel three. Because the implementation of Basel three meant people had to buy dollar assets, particularly dollar bonds. And you've got this big inflow of money into the US. Now, what does it mean? It means the US real exchange rate's got to go up. And if the US real exchange rate's going up. That means either asset prices in America are rising or the dollar is rising at the same time. And actually, we've had a luxurious combination of the two. So the more that happens, the better it is for us financial markets.
Speaker C: Europe, there's also some stuff at play. One is the ongoing green energy transition, which is basically being financed from money printing. And we've seen links with Russia. We've seen what they want to try and do. And also, I think the Europeans and the Chinese are at the forefront of driving up productivity by driving down the cost of electricity over time. People think it's wasted capital. I actually think it probably works in the end, but theyre going to keep doing it. So thats a stimulus. And that liquidity injection. And talk to me, I havent heard the one about the french banks. Thats because of whats going on over the election. How could that end up being a liquidity injection?
Speaker D: Well, in the sense that the french banks are pretty integral to the eurodollar system, or whats left of the eurodollar system, they tend to get a lot of their funding very, very short term. And if you've got problems ahead of the french elections, there's uncertainty about what the outcomes may be. It may be more difficult to get this short term funding. There may be a shocked result. I mean, who knows? I mean, that's pretty likely, isn't it, given what we know so far? So the risks are there. And that may mean that you've got to see dollar swap lines coming to the french banks. I don't know. I mean, this is purely surmised, but clearly we're not looking at a straight path going forward. This is a pretty bumpy road, and a bumpy road really means that central banks have got to be alert to what's happening, and that normally means more liquidity values.
Speaker C: Raoul, do you think any of them will use the balance sheets again? I mean, maybe the Chinese will, but do you think the Europeans or the US will, or will they just hide it?
Speaker D: Raoul the central bank balance sheets, yeah, the base, they've got to. And I think even if you look at, I say even if you look, if you look at the Congressional Budget Office projections of us debt over the next ten years, that shows what the Federal Reserve balance sheet is going to do in terms of their projections. And you can see them buying lots more treasuries. I mean, its like a dogleg. They assume its going down in the near term because of so called QT. But I think QT died a long time ago. But then buying of treasury starts to come through significantly. But the game is not just about treasury now. Its also bill finance. There's a lot of debt to issue and it will come at shorter durations. But if it comes at shorter durations, banks will buy it at higher rates.
Speaker C: You have to issue more debt to pay for the interest payment.
Speaker D: That's the difficulty. So you don't really want rates to go up, which is why I think rates probably plateau. But as you rightly say, the interest bill just keeps rolling up. And that's the reality here. They're basically printing money just to pay interest.
Speaker C: Raoul so let's talk about trajectory of liquidity over the next until the end of 2025. How do you see the liquidity cycle? It's been relatively flat recently, having risen last year. It's kind of flattened out a bit. When do we start increasing velocity, the rate of change? And what trajectory do you think that takes over time?
Speaker D: Okay, well, if we come back to my sort of three pronged approach of saying lets look at the Fed, lets look at the Peoples bank and lets look at the collateral multiplier, in other words, the move index on volatility, what youve had in the second quarter is youve basically had the Fed tightening liquidity. And thats really being simple fact of the treasury general account going up because of the tax paying period as of April 15, sorry, 15 April. So that tax paying period meant the TGA jumped and that sucked liquidity out of us markets, and its only just starting to come back again. So one of the ways that, as I say to people, if you want to monitor that, just look every Thursday at 430 eastern time and look at the Fed H 4.1 press release, and that will give you everything you want to know about what's happening to bank reserves, et cetera. And I would imagine they're going to keep moving higher. But let's see. So that's number one. Number two are the People's bank of China. What is it doing now? It's been very concerned about the yuan. The yuan has been weak. It's been trying to hold it up, and it's tightened monetary policy since the end of the lunar new year to date to try and hold the yuan. What it's done in the last 28 days is it's injected 600 billion yuan back into money markets, which is actually quite a big move by the Chinese. So it may be that either accepting the fact that the yuan has got to devalue a bit more, or there's some deal that's being cooked that, as you were discussing, that maybe there's a deal with Yemen or the US is going to start to ease. Take it from a comment that Lagarde made from the ECB. She said, I think a matter of two or three days ago, that US and ECB policy are not going to diverge very much. Actually, I think she even said rates are not going to diverge very much. Well, they're keen to start cutting rates. The Swedes are saying they want to cut rates. The Swiss have already done it. So I think what you've got is an environment where central bankers are basically already saying they're going to be cutting quite aggressively in the course of the next few months. The Fed may not go wholeheartedly in there, but I still think there's a cut. And the cut may come as early as July, I think, because the same.
Speaker C: I think it's underpriced as the July cut.
Speaker D: Yeah. So we're in a situation where you've got the US, which I think is going to start easing where the PPOC looks like it is, but that's really an uncertain factor, depending on the currency, and then you've got the move index. Well, what Janet's doing is improving bond market volatility. Sorry, improving bond market liquidity, which is pulling down bond market volatility, improving the collateral multiplier. So you've got another potential green light. So I would imagine that in the course of the second half of the year, I think liquidity is going to start to spurt higher. I mean, I've gone on record saying that I think the liquidity component of the fed balance sheet could be rising at a 20% annualized clip through the second half part of that seasonal, I grant you, but it could easily be because they actually want to get the dollar down and theyve used the TGA in the past at times to try and weaken the dollar or talk the dollar down. So I think all thats feasible. And then, as I say, watch china, because thats clearly the elephant in the room when it comes to liquidity. And we know the chinese economy is weak. And one of the charts I put in to the pack I see was a very simple chart that looks at PBOC liquidity injections and the change in the price of iron ore. Now, iron ore is a pretty fundamental commodity to the chinese economy, and the correlation is remarkably close, with a lead time of about two or three months on chinese liquidity. So if the PBOC injects liquidity you're going to get a turnaround of the world economy. And all the evidence seems to point now is a cooling in the world economy, not a recession by any means of, but cooling. And the very, very best time for risk assets, as you will know, is when you get a sluggish economy that central bankers want to stimulate. And thats what weve got now.
Speaker C: And there is a bigger upside than potentially expected by many people for 2025 based on, lets say, Basel four, the second mortgage idea. Theres a bunch of things on the horizon that could make 2025 see a continuous increase in liquidity. Is that how you see it? You think it's a pretty smooth cycle we go through. Till when do you think the cycle peaks out at Raoul?
Speaker D: Well, I think it peaks. I mean, our view has been, it peaks somewhere around late 2025. It may be, in other words, sometime in the second half. And I think that's really a combination of probably two or three things. One is that in my view, inflation is still very sticky. I'm not a high inflation person, but I do think it's sticky. And I think that may well color fed thinking or central bank thinking at that time. The second thing is, I think the economy by that stage will actually be pretty good. I mean, one of the questions we haven't asked is where are we in the cycle? My view is I think we're actually relatively early cycle in the world economy. I don't know your view, but that.
Speaker C: Was exactly the same. I mean, the Isms barely turned up. Yeah, we can't be late, we can't be mid. It's about 50 right now. It's just coming up.
Speaker D: Yeah, exactly. So I think you're going to get a much stronger economy through next year that will clearly absorb liquidity from financial markets, take it out away from financial assets. So that's another factor. And I think the third thing, which the cynic in me says is that Janet, if she's still there, or whoever, have got to sell a lot of debt, and what they'll want to do is to force people back into the bond markets if they can, even temporarily. So I think that may be one of the reasons why they'd like to squeeze liquidity maybe at the back end of next year. So what I would say is we've got a cycle. Remember the cycle. But underlying that cycle is a whopping great uptrend because liquidity is going up in the long term because this is a clear monetary inflation. And in monetary inflations, where you've got insolvent governments rather than insolvent private sectors. That's the difference. What you find are things like gold outperform. We've now got crypto, which outperforms, and you've also got, the other phenomenon is that credit markets outperform government bond markets. And that was a feature of the early 1970s as well, when you again had insolvent governments and monetary inflation. Raoul?
Speaker C: Yeah, and we've seen it in Japan periodically as well. And that's what I got to with all of this is this is the super force that controls everything right now, and it controls all assets. And there's no diversification. None. They're all driven by the same force. So if there's one magnetic force that pushes and pulls everything, then I just got it down to, I took, the entire morons approach is, well, I just look at all of the asset classes versus the global liquidity, of which theres only two that perform, which really has been crypto and technology stocks.
Speaker D: Exactly.
Speaker C: Then I just divide technology stocks by crypto and its down 99.97%. Im like theres one easy bet to take here. Now, not everybody wants that risk. Gold does certainly well enough, but for me, it's the easiest risk taking environment I've ever had because there's so little dispersion in economies or anything, because every central bank, you said it, Lagarde is saying the Fed, and the Fed is visiting the Chinese and the Japanese. So everyone's just like, one, two, three, let's do that. One, two, three, let's do that. It's like this can be easier.
Speaker D: Exactly. And the Fed and the treasury in bed together. Strange concept, but I want to get.
Speaker C: That out of my head.
Speaker D: Exactly. But there we are. At the end of the day, I'm subscribing totally to your view as well. I think that what we've got is a huge liquidity expansion going on, because that's the only way that we can finance these whopping great deficits. The fiscal arithmetic just doesn't add up. Whichever country you look at, I mean, the US looks bad, but believe me, Europe looks worse, Japan is pretty horrible, China is not great. And so what theyve got to do is theyve got to start printing money, because politicians will only kick the can down the road. Nobody is talking about tax increases, everyones talking about more spending. And youve even got competition now in terms of who can lower corporation tax the most or give the most incentives to industrial capital. So all these factors cost money. And the only thing to do is to either issue bonds, which is difficult unless you change the rules. So Basel IV is a great thing, or what you do is you print money in some form and thats what theyre doing.
Speaker C: Raoul, I looked at this and I suddenly discovered the period after World War two, after we had the big inflation, it came down. The spacing between the financial crisis and the pandemic was very similar between the 1929 depression and World War two. After that, we had a perfect four year cycle and it went on all the way until the seventies. And it was a debt refi cycle because we had the same problem as all the global governments were massively in debt. The Fed chose yield curve control as their vehicle over that period and they just kept doing it until productivity picked up, which I think is how this is going to end. Weve seen AI and robots and maybe the lowering of electricity costs and a bunch of things that could really change the outcome because weve got aging demographics. They solved it back then by having kids. Now were going to have, our kids are the AI and the robots, but we will have a demographic massive expansion.
Speaker D: I think youre absolutely right. I think this is all about understanding demographics. Its understanding fiscal imbalances or deficits and how all these things are funded. And at the end of the day its got to be more liquidity. So the trend is definitely upwards. And this is a clear monetary inflation where youve got to invest and buy monetary inflation hedges. What does well, im not saying hyperinflation, obviously, but what does well, in an environment where youve got global liquidity growing at maybe eight to 10% per annum, and youve got underlying high street inflation at maybe 4%, maybe five.
Speaker C: And a lot of people, I see a lot of people ranting and raving about the central banks, but given the understanding of the amount of global debt, the aging population, the inability for GDP to service that debt, which is the cash flow of the overall economy, what the fuck could you do differently? Theres no way you can walk away from it all because the world is 400%, 350% of GDP and debt, youre going to let everything burn to the ground. No. So I just dont get it. And I also dont get, and I got this wrong for years. The central banks are stupid. Im like, no, actually ive come round to the point of view as theyre actually very smart and they know what theyre doing because there is no other choice here. This is the only outcome. You think so as well?
Speaker D: I think that's right. I mean there's, you know, I mean I've spent quite a lot of time with central banks. And I know that there's clearly a lot of discussion going on between these groups. The BIS is a forum where they often meet. And you know, I was actually at a BIS meeting when there was discussion, open discussion about what was the cryptocurrency that Facebook wanted to introduce or the library Libra where it had been announced that day. And these central bankers collectively said this ain't going to happen, we're going to stop it dead. And that was their collective decision. I thought that was interesting because it was on the spot, almost a visceral reaction from them. They're going to stop it. I think that's an interesting view, but theres clearly a lot of groupthink going on here.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think theres no separation between central bank and governments. And all of the central banks are doing the same thing. Everyones got the same problem, aging population, massive debt, and the only way of solving it is a productivity miracle and a population miracle. But population, you can see 30 years out, we aint going to get a miracle. So therefore it has to be the.
Speaker D: Agency before you allow a lot of.
Speaker C: Immigration, but even then.
Speaker D: Marginal, and it's.
Speaker C: Difficult for society to deal with. Right. You can deal with certain amounts of immigration before it becomes too difficult. Mike, fantastic conversation as ever. Really appreciate it. Let's see. All I do know is there's going to be a lot of liquidity sloshing around over the next year and a half. That should make for interesting markets and relatively plain sailing. Unless something changes that, I don't see what changes it. Anything on the horizon that might change it for you?
Speaker D: No, I think markets never go in a straight line, so there's always going to be wobbles. But I think the underlying trends here, as we discussed, I think I'm very optimistic about the liquidity cycle.
Speaker C: Fantastic. And anybody should subscribe to Mike's substack as well because it's very useful if you want to follow liquidity. Mike's the king of liquidity. He's the man. So follow him on twitter and also on substack.
Speaker D: So that's capital war substat.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, exactly. All right, my friend, good to see you.
Speaker D: A great day.
Speaker C: Cheers.
Speaker B: So always a fascinating conversation with Mike. I love the fact that we can both debate different forms of liquidity. What's going on, where it could come from, because a lot of people ask those questions, is where's the liquidity? Where's the cowbell? How's it going to play out? Is it quantitative easing? Is it this is it that do rate cuts matter? Hopefully we covered a lot of that ground to say, listen, there are lots of ways for liquidity to come into the system. Some of them are really big, some of them are more subtle. But it's all teeing up for that liquidity cycle, that crypto summer and macro summer and macro fall or autumn that's to come. That's driven generally by liquidity, and that should be the rest of 2024 and 2025. So anyway, hopefully that's given you a good understanding. If you want to know more then myself and Julian Battell built the macro investing tool specifically for this. It breaks down both the business cycle and liquidity. The two most important things for investing every week gives you a deep dive of the charts that matter. So you can say on top of everything, also how to allocate assets at various points in the cycle and also where liquidity is and what it's moving that's built for you. And it's part of a real vision plus membership. So when you go to realvision.com, sign up for real vision plus and we can open your eyes to the world of liquidity. We can help you see it every week so you don't have to try and figure it out yourself. We're there to help you. Anyway, come along to realvision.com and you'll find it from there. And it's obviously free to join Real Vision. The Plus tier is a paid tier, so you can decide if it's suitable for you. Anyway, I'll see you there and see you next time.
Speaker F: We hope you enjoyed this episode at real vision. We arm you with expert knowledge, time efficient tools and a powerful network to help you succeed on your financial journey. Get a taste of financial freedom with our free offer@realvision.com. free. That's realvision.com free.
