Speaker A: Whoa.
Speaker B: Landing an account this big will totally change my landscaping business. It's gonna mean hiring more guys and more equipment and new trucks for the new guys to drive the new equipment in. I don't know if I'm ready.
Speaker C: You can do this. And Ford Pro finsimple can help. Our experts are ready to make growing pains less painful for your business with flexible financing solutions that meet the needs of your business today when you need them. Get started@fordpro.com. financing.
Speaker D: Hey, everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance. Join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten to get 10% off our central membership for the first year. And now to today's episode.
Speaker E: I really always enjoy my conversations with Novo. We both have a love of macro. We both fell in love with crypto, and he speaks my language, and I can pick his brains and think about how the world is playing out, what's just happened, what it means, and he's always got some interesting perspectives. So, as ever, can't wait to talk to Mike. The world of crypto is an incredibly exciting journey that we're all going on together. We don't know where it's leading to, but we know it's going to be absolutely massive. Join me, Raoul pal, as I guide you on our adventure to discover just what this new world will look like. Novo, good to see you, my friend.
Speaker A: You as well. Been a long few months.
Speaker E: It's been a long fucking year. That much I can tell you. But, you know, you've been through this game a while, and I've been through this game a while. It's kind of. It is part of the story, right?
Speaker A: Yeah. You know, listen, you always look back after you had a. A year like 21, and you're like, God, I should have taken more profits. I should have built up more liquidity. You know, it's funny, I remember Arthur Hayes put out a tweet early on in the year about, this can be a bad year. Barry Silbert, ironically, because he's in so much trouble himself, he put out a tweet saying, this is going to bear market. It wasn't so out of the ordinary to think this was going to be 21. Was going to be a tough year, right? I mean, I talked 22.
Speaker E: You mean 22.
Speaker A: 22 I talked about on CNBC a lot, right? Should have a rate hedge on. Rates are going to go higher, asset prices will go lower. Yet by the end, the combination of central bank actually getting orthodoxy and raising rates aggressively, more aggressive than most of us thought they would, and that uncovering a web of dumb leverage, fraudulent activity, stupid activity, some combination of bad behavior and dumb behavior, which I think led us to a December low with tax loss selling complete. We talk about blood on the streets. It was just painful to talk crypto. If you had to sell, you sold. If you were leveraged, you got out of your leverage. I said before the market was pretty clean. Now we've had a 30% bounce, and you got to be a little careful. That's a lot of short covering. It's some new money. It's funny, we've seen the crypto hedge funds, for the most part, were decimated. And again, you do the math, and you're down 80% last year, and you're up 20 this year. You're still down 76 from the high. It's very hard to dig out of a big hole, but we're seeing pockets all over the trade fi hedge fund space of crypto pods, where a multistrat had a great year last year, said, hey, come work here. Here's $100. Go at it, or here's more than $100. And so you name the big multistrat, they've got people trading crypto. And so it's a real shift of some of that new money is getting into the space.
Speaker E: So here's a question for you before we. I want to dig into a whole bunch of stuff about the market. You launched Galaxy at the peak of the prior bull market, and you had to deal with this. And here it is again. How does it feel different this time than last time?
Speaker A: It feels a little worse, to be honest. I think of Galaxy. When we launched, we really didn't have any business. We thought we were going to build a business, and it was really difficult to. So for the first couple of years, we really did very little other than trade our own portfolio. It was a smaller portfolio. It was easier to hedge. We did a great job in 2018 of preserving capital. I learned a lesson there, which I didn't want to forget this time. The first 70% down in that market, we hadn't lost a penny a book. And that was a bit of luck, a bit of genius, a bit of aggressive hedging, but I felt I should walk around and shrut and get a wax statue of myself. Then by the end of the year, we were down 30%. I was like, how did that happen? Well, a market down 95% is down 70, and then 70. And so we scaled in and getting in early can crush you. So if you just look at great shorters, they don't matter where they short the thing from, because if it's going to zero, it's an 80% return or a 78% return, even if you missed by 30%. I do a great trick to young traders when I show them the Nasdaq bubble in 2000. If you pick the ultimate top or you sold it down 28% on the lows, your return is almost identical. It's off by 4% because you're selling the same notional amount. Well, the opposite happens for buying. And so buying, you've got to be very precious of trying to make sure you're close to the low and not scale all the way down because you're buying in notional dollars or do it in tokens. Hey, I'm going to accumulate 10,000 bitcoin, 1000 bitcoin, whatever, and accumulate them in tokens. But if you do it in dollars and you spend a little too early, you're like, oh, and so listen, why is this year a little harder? We're a much bigger firm. And so where anxiety comes for anybody, for any individual investor, for a household owner, a business owner, is when revenue is less than expense, right? Because then you're like, ugh. And you're starting to burn the furniture. And I think what happened in 21, for lots of companies, capital was cheap, almost free, a lot of big buildup on Ford, and you wake up and you're like, oh, I can't get capital. Access to capital has got more expensive. My costs are way too high. And so this has been a painful process of cutting costs, still wanting to invest, and I think that's not finished yet. I, for our industry, I think a lot of people have big illiquid portfolios. The liquidity to illiquidity balance got shifted. Yeah, I'll take a little of that. I'll take a little of that venture stuff, private equity stuff, strategic investment stuff, market goes up 30% and your liquid stuff goes up. Your liquid stuff, maybe it's, who knows? And so I think this is going to be a challenging year as people need to rebuild liquidity and not stop investing in their business.
Speaker E: So let's talk about the macro, because that was the thing that, I mean, I got surprised. I knew rates were going to go up and I knew there's going to be inflation. But that second leg that came after Russia kind of took everybody's surprise and the central banks went further. So liquidity got really withdrawn. How are you seeing the macro now?
Speaker A: I was out with one of the world's great traders of all time, Dave Tepper yesterday, and investors. And it's complicated, both of us. So we know a few things are happening. China's reopening, and we know what happens when you're reopening. There's a consumer surge. There's a travel surge. It's good to be alive. Animal spirits come back. I think Xi showed his stripes during the spontaneous. I mean, those protests two, three months ago were shocking in that they were all over China, and they were angry, and they were young and old and rich and poor. And Xi wants to be emperor of life. And he was like, uh oh, I need to make some changes. So, real quickly, let's rewrite the script on Covid and go to. Forget Covid. Zero. But also let's back away on regulation. Let's let people make money again. You've seen Alibaba and lots of tech stocks come 50% off their highs. But I'm hearing over and over the environment's going to be more business friendly than it was even two months ago. You've got China, hopefully good for crypto, but China good for.
Speaker E: Because they've reopened Hong Kong, essentially for crypto, which is interesting, right?
Speaker A: Yes. Good for the global economy. Good for commodity prices. Copper. We're on copper and oil. You've got Europe, which was fearing the ice planet hoth from Star wars. Right. They cut a tauntaun in, like.
Speaker E: I mean, if you listen to half the people, we'd be chipping off the dead bodies off the streets of Paris because there was no heating and no food. Right?
Speaker A: And you've got. I was over there trying to ski over Christmas, and it was warm. You know, we weren't wearing t shirts, but it was warm. And so weather has really bailed out a european recession. We might not even get a european recession now. You got to get a resurge there. Japan is booming for the first time in a while. Economy is strong. You had a wacky DOJ last night. So the US is slow, but the consumer isn't. Employment is still strong. I have a friend who's got six businesses, and he said five of them suck, but my hotel business just doesn't. It's defying gravity, right? High room rates and full occupancy. And if you come in New York, it's hard to get into a restaurant on a Wednesday night. Forget a Friday night.
Speaker E: We've got here in the Cayman Islands, the busiest January on record. It's all Americans. I'm like, wow, it's supposed to be a recession.
Speaker A: Well, if you look. So what's so interesting about the response to Covid was in America was how fast it was. There was not a day where personal incomes went down, not a day. Covid happened. We're giving you money and we gave you a lot of money. So income growth went way up during COVID Savings went way up during COVID because you couldn't spend anything, right? I mean, you could go on Etsy and get a potholder maker, build a sweater like this one, or paint your house and order a new refrigerator. But broadly, savings went up. It started coming down and Biden got elected and they turbocharged it because the dems, the progressive said, this is our turn. And so let's do that other $1.8 trillion stimulus that we didn't need. And this is for PPP. Covid was almost over and we're now giving billions of dollars to schools for PPP that no one wants. But all this money pumped in the economy, so personal incomes went way back up, savings rate went way back up. That's been falling. Savings rate's now negative, but the pile of money isn't gone yet. So while the savings rate is negative, the net savings is still positive. And so you're seeing credit card debt starting to pick up again. So we're going to eat through that. But we haven't eaten through it yet. So until then, let's go to the Caymans, let's go out to Nobu or buy something at Louis Vuitton.
Speaker E: Do you think we go into recession or do you think we avoid. How are you thinking of.
Speaker A: I think we go into recession because that savings will evaporate. Negative savings rate, by definition, you're seeing layoffs in lots of big companies. We had wage surge. It's coming off pretty quick. My guess is we at least have a mild recession and that the Fed raises 25 next month or two weeks and then that next meeting probably raises but probably shouldn't have.
Speaker E: Yeah, right. I agree.
Speaker A: But there'll be a debate. Right. Why macro is tough is let's assume that's the truth. In the US, if you start seeing China come back in Europe doing better and global commodity prices, we can get inflation down to 3.54% from whatever, six. But can you get it to that next level? Down to two. And then after that pause, we're always used to pause, cut, right. The market's pricing and pause, cut. And that's probably what happens. But there's another side of your brain that's saying you could have a reacceleration. So that story, and I think that's why, again, my buddy said, I just might not invest this year. It's that complicated of a.
Speaker E: It is complicated, right? Like you, I'm kind of more of a deflationist, and I think over time it probably comes lower. But there's this other distinct probability that things come back too fast and we create inflation again. So I'm not sure how much rates come down. Sure, the ten year can come down a bit in the meantime as growth comes down. But do rates come down a lot or do they cut them down to three and then they get stuck? How do you think balance of probabilities rates are next year?
Speaker A: Yeah, I think even if so, if they cut, they're not going to cut 25, right? They'll cut 50 50 and then see what happens. And so, you know, the market's not that unfairly priced. If you think 25 25, wait five months and cut 50 50, that would be the normal pattern. But there's a shot at 25 25 and they wait and they're like, well, until we really see inflation going below three and a half, let's just sit here.
Speaker E: I've been talking about this with people because there's a lot of people think there's a second surge of inflation. The fed kind of think that. So like we're going to stay. So therefore they're guaranteeing there's not going to be the second wave of inflation, and therefore ten year yields collapse, which is very positive for the risk asset space that we all love.
Speaker A: Yes, listen, there's this balance between. So Powell embarrassed himself by being so late to haik, and there was some strategy there. He wanted to get reelected, period. He wanted to get reelected because he thought he was the right man for the job. He didn't want Lil Brainerd in the job. He thought he was the guy to take the Fed through this hard times, if that's a good strategy or not. That was a strategy. And so he definitely doesn't want to be seen as Arthur Burns. I think they're going to err. They're going to talk hawkish and they're going to be hawkish. And they've been kind of bailed out by this tight labor market. Now they're going to get the global growth. And so they're softish landing. In some ways they're doing a really good job. Stock market's at an okay price. Just intuitively what makes me nervous, it's hard to think you had the greatest asset bubble in the history of the world. And then fueled with a cherry on top by Covid and eleven months of a bear, market's all you get. We're still above pre Covid levels in everything. What people often miss is bitcoin's way above bitcoin's way. Everyone says, oh, crypto sucks. I'm like, what are you guys talking about? Bitcoin is way outperformed all growth stocks during the pre Covid to now.
Speaker E: Oh, yeah, by a long way. Massively.
Speaker A: Listen, our industry needs a colonic.
Speaker E: I want to come into the industry for a second, but just the last question about this macro stuff. Does level of rates matter or rate of change? Because I'm not sure anybody gives a shit if rates stabilize at 4%. Because you build in a hurdle rate. You know what your funding costs are. You figure it out. You lay off some stuff.
Speaker A: People aren't through that transition yet. Like your Libor plus 100 loan that you were making investments with 1% is very different than 5% or 6%. And so I do think levels matter some. They don't matter as much as rate of change, but I do think they matter some. Literally since 2007, not a serious adult, non professional, but like mom or dad should have bought one scintilla of fixed income, not one. Right. You don't call your grandmother and say, grandma, put your money in 30 years at 2%. Right. And so this is the first time people are buying, say, hey, I can actually buy New York Muni's at 6% and our treasury bill's at 4.5%. And so fixed income is becoming a real asset allocation to just normal wealthy, not so wealthy savers. And that's a shift I don't think. Unfortunately, growth comes back screaming that was fueled by cheap money. That I think is just going to be a reality for a while. What would change that? Not a lot. You would have to literally see kind of a global catastrophe and the deflation tornado come back. But that's just so hard to see given the structural shifts that have happened.
Speaker E: Yeah, I think a lot of people aren't talking about what does GDP look like on the other side of this recession. I think it's probably slow. If you say if the fed keep relatively tight, the economy is slow, and that's a different world to deal with. It's not as easy. So talking about what happened last year, I want to get to the structure of the markets now. In crypto, it really reminded me of long term capital where we found that was one player. Basically, Barry's trust spreads blew out, which was like the swap spreads when long term capital blew out. Three arrows. Capital were the long term capital. They were everybody's biggest client. And then, lo and behold, everybody went bust. I've seen this playbook before, interesting enough, the hedge fund industry after LTCM, as you know, everyone was like, it's uninvestable. They're overlevered, it's opaque. What happened is the assets under management went up five x because of regulation, and everyone tightened up risk. But it felt like we just. We've seen this playbook before, you and I, many times over. It's not unique to crypto, right?
Speaker A: Yeah. Which is unfortunate is crypto had this story of transparency, I must use the word, 10,000 times in the last five years when I was talking about crypto transparency, egalitarian fairness, and we had really big, giant, opaque players. But you think about Celsius, crazy leverage, crazy leverage, blockfi, crazy leverage, genesis, crazy leverage, crazy concentration, risk, three arrows, bizarre. Credit groups like ours make decisions to lend people money based on balance sheets. And you don't go off like kamikaze saying, I'll just lend the money. And so I am hoping that most of that gets. Well, I know most of its been washed out of the market, that it gets resolved sometime over the next 18 months. It weighs heavy on illiquid assets, because all these places have illiquid assets. They sell the liquid stuff, and so that stuff just gets disposed or held or pushed around. And so they played an important role in driving asset prices up. How do you get leverage into the system? We were getting it through the asian exchanges, and we were getting it through these big brokerages that were then lending it on. We have a pretty delevered system right.
Speaker E: Now, but how can. It's got to be difficult to run books, right? I'm thinking of hedge funds as well. Market neutral guys. Anybody doing anything can't get any fucking borrowing. There's one big firm which is binance, and nobody wants to take the credit risk. It's difficult.
Speaker A: It's. What was that line of the godfather? Difficult, yes. Impossible, no, it is more difficult. It is not impossible. And we're starting to see a thaw. We're starting to see a thaw. One of an instinct I have is that crypto has been a retail driven phenomena. I was called the people's revolution. Right. I think retail will take us out of this bear market, not with no help from institutions, but it's going to take retail the cheap money that will be lent will be retail money. What's interesting is people believe in this space. They make mistakes, they see frauds, but they come back to it. They believe in decentralized systems, they believe in bitcoin, they believe in ethereum, they believe that in time we're going to cut the middleman out. Do they feel silly that we talked about decentralization and we had this one giant player in FTX that literally lied through their teeth and was one of the core pieces of infrastructure? Yes, everyone's like, duh. But they haven't given up on the dream. And how I keep 400 employees working here is we believe that these systems are going to be very important and that if we do our job really well and build architecture that people want to use, information architecture, trading architecture, and do it at a cost structure that we can afford. When the broader adoption comes, we're going to be in a caprice.
Speaker E: Yeah, I just think that the interest has not died down. We can see a lot of interest in nfts from corporations, marketing. There's still activity around, but it's a nascent space and everyone has to learn lessons. And unfortunately in this space you learn it the hard way, which is in your p and l really fasten. But everyone builds back stronger because we've seen this from Mount Gox to Bitfinex to, I mean, you name it, all the mistakes get made.
Speaker A: This is harder because it's on a bigger scale. Right? Budgets were bigger, people got comfortable with higher salaries. Companies like ours were bringing Wall street people and they're much more expensive than startup people. And so you got to convince people like, this is a startup business again for most people. And so we were definitely Sam Bankman fried shoved us back two years. I hope we go springing back a much better ecosystem. A lot more thought on how do you use transparency of blockchains to verify stuff? We need a few breakthroughs. We need zero knowledge proofs to actually start showing up in stuff. I theoretically told the story of the id and why your daughter doesn't need to show her address to the bouncer, but we need that shit to start happening. The CEO Microsoft talked about blockchain and crypto needs its chat.
Speaker E: GPT yeah, I saw that and he's right.
Speaker A: Yeah, I thought it was nFts last year. And I still am a big believer in nfts. We just invested more money in a project called Candy. And I do think NFts are going to play a big part of it.
Speaker E: Digital id is the big one. For me, I think that's the billion people unlock.
Speaker A: Yeah. And we'll get there. It's just for every guy running a business. God, I'd like to think we get there in the next two to three years or I'm going to be gurgling from underwater. And weirdly, and I told my staff this, you have to believe, not that bitcoin is going 100,000 or 200,000, but it is going to be higher than 20 in two years time, or this is too painful a place to work. Not galaxy, the industry. We do need adoption. We do need those communities to grow people to believe, because that's what funds the technology growth, that's what funds the momentum of drawing smart people.
Speaker E: You sound like you're a bit shaken up still, though, because it's been.
Speaker A: I am angry, but I just invested $45 million in a israeli security company called GK eight, which we think is world class. That's going to help us be a Sass player, in essence, providing solutions to people for their personal custody or their company custody. We invested $100 million in, in a mining facility in Texas. And so infrastructure, we're leaning into, we did other loans, we invested money into candy, which is a big NFT platform. And so I spent a decent chunk of change in December, I being we at Galaxy. And that wasn't without a lot of thought. Right? Like the simple hedge fund solution would have been fire everybody, bunker down, liquefy your assets and trade your way out until the bull market starts. Right. And of course that goes through your head. The can we build an organization that we're proud of, that sits in the center, are part of the center of institutional participation in this? And is it going to be worth a lot if we do it like we chose the harder path? And so we're betting with our money.
Speaker E: I still think, you know, I still speak to the institutions, they're still all interested in the space.
Speaker A: We did a webinar yesterday, we had 600 people on it. I was like, can you guys each give me $1?
Speaker E: But, I mean, I don't see a lack of interest. They're just gun shy. You know, what institutions are like, think.
Speaker A: About the two big canadian pension funds. Two of the four big canadian pension funds made big investments into crypto in 2021, 300 million into celsius and 400 million into fTx, both zeros within six months of making the investment. And so you got to be pretty stinking brave to be a canadian pension fund guy to say, hey, I'm next. And so it's just going to. I mean, it's so unfriend fortunate that people got caught up in the frenzy and the fraudulence and because you don't know how many times me and my team have made presentations to canadian pension funds and bid there. This is starting in 2014. Dan Mordett was going up there, I think in 13. And to get them all engaged because always their employees were engaged. And then to have black eye. Black eye. It's going to take a lot of courage for the next guy to make an investment.
Speaker E: But I do think they're short upside calls because they're mainly momentum guys. So maybe not in the vc side for a bit, but in the market side. My guess is if ETH trading at 3000 and they can get a yield, they'll be herding into the space right now. And they should be why?
Speaker A: I said, like, if I was a field general, I would be doing the Braveheart speech to all the retail guys out there. Crypto needs the retail participants to come back to these communities to buy in, to believe, to drive price, because that's what's going to get institutions back. Engaged institutions intellectually understand this business. They had blockchain versus bitcoin versus ethereum. They've done all their homework. They're gunshot. It is going to take energy. Price. Energy is price. And so why there was this announcement today that the DOJ was good. And I was like, everyone was like.
Speaker E: It'S binance, it's binance.
Speaker A: Please don't have it be binance. Please don't. Like, listen, we need to cheer for binance like we do. They are 60% of the liquidity or some giant percentage of the liquidity. CZ has been always very focused on customer service and so he's got a very loyal giant retail following that believe in our ecosystem. Like, we need those guys. And it drives me crazy how many people on Twitter and other media just want to smash people down and would be nothing happier than a Czech stepped on a banana peel and slipped on his ass. It's the wrong thinking. We need CZ to succeed, right? We need Galaxy to succeed.
Speaker F: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what. With each vendor, Ramp software collects and verifies receipts instantly. To save your team valuable time, Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization and bill payments. Time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get $250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy ramp.com easy ramp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank.
Speaker A: And celtic bank members have DIc terms and conditions apply.
Speaker E: And what's your sense of where DC is now? Because they've just got a bloody chin from this whole thing.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think the Republicans, McHenry, who's running the banking committee now, Tom Emmer is a great fan of crypto, who's the majority whip from Minnesota. I think they are pro crypto and they're going to take Gensler across the coals for his performance at the SEC. And it's going to be pretty political. I think. Unfortunately, the Democrats who were all becoming crypto people, they were like, it was going to be bipartisan now feel like, oh, I got to back away because they got Sam Bankman freight stink over all of them. I actually read that Sam gave money to like 70% of all congressmen.
Speaker E: I know.
Speaker A: And so that part of it, I think, is going to make it harder for dems to be like, oh, yeah, crypto is great. It'll burn through in the faster.
Speaker E: What about the fight between the CFTC and the SEc? Because that needs to get resolved for everybody, right?
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's on hold for a while. They're both like, we never said that, by the way. Listen, they were both very, very close with Sam. And again, a lot of people were and a lot of people got snookered. But Sam was negotiating to pretty much have dominance of a cash exchange at the CFTC regulates, and the SEC was going to bless that as long as they got to do non bitcoin and ether. There was this negotiation going on that was this close to getting done. I think they're both just trying to stay as far away from it as possible and be as tough as they can right now.
Speaker E: But somebody's got to do something proactive because the space is on hold, really, until somebody makes a decision of how to do this.
Speaker A: Take the next administration, really. It might. Listen, the Republicans are going to try and we'll see. Like, sometimes these stories fade faster than you think, right. But right now, there's still a lot of, you know, Biden's under attack, and, you know, like, having, you know, Sam in his office, one of his biggest donors, you know, just doesn't look good.
Speaker E: Talk me through what you thought when you saw this FTX thing unravel. We kind of, most of us knew the Alameda link with FTX wasn't right.
Speaker A: I explained it to people. I thought they were frontrunning me, but I thought that was the cost of the liquidity. I couldn't prove they were front running me, but there's a couple of times it certainly felt like I was getting squeezed and someone knew my positions. Matter of fact, to be honest, I was very candid. Two weeks before that happened with the CFTC commissioners, they were in my office. I was like, dudes, I'm not making an actual allocation. I'm just telling you. My instinct was we had frontrunner. You can't have someone be in charge of bitcoin liquidity and have a proprietary group 15ft away. And they were like, yeah, we get it, we get it, we get it. But I never in my wildest dreams thought he'd be stealing her money again. There's a nuanced difference of bad behavior and really bad behavior.
Speaker E: Yeah, that's right. I was the same. I thought that link was bad and that they were using order flow to advantage, the hedge fund. But we didn't realize that they were using all the capital.
Speaker A: One of the things that I kick myself in the rear about, and you'll do it as soon as I mention this. Often when things don't feel exactly right, we asked questions. The question I kept asking is, where all this money, a billion dollars for the mining, for GDA mining, buying Cz out for 3 billion or 3.5 billion. I was like, who has 4 billion? I know so many rich people. Not one of them has 4 billion in cash.
Speaker E: And the exchange couldn't have been that profitable.
Speaker A: We knew what the exchange was. Instead of digging in and getting answers, I did what often males do. I answered it myself. He must have sold a lot of Solana. He bought Solana very little, and it went up to infinity. You could have made a fortune in Solana. He must have made a ton in yield farming. He must have made a ton in arbitrage. Instead of actually digging in and figuring out how many tokens that he said, you could have done your homework and try to figure out, does this make sense? I do know people that have made enough money in crypto to make those kinds of investments. Sam obviously wasn't one.
Speaker E: And what do you think about the guys from three arrows capital now saying, oh, they want to set up a fucking exchange?
Speaker A: I am just dismayed that they have the audacity to after the damage they created. And we'll see if they get. I would hope the investigators find their way to all of these guys that operated so recklessly. Recklessly with leverage, recklessly with the truth.
Speaker E: But which regulators? That's the issue I've got.
Speaker A: The us regulators have a long arm, they're busy. But these things don't get.
Speaker B: It.
Speaker A: Could be two years from now and they get a knock on the door. It's breathtaking how many people are going like this. It wasn't my fault. And listen, I'm not criticizing people for losing money and even for taking too much leverage. Human nature, you get excited. I've had years when my hedge fund didn't do well and you feel like an idiot. But what that group in particular did, the size, the leverage, the deception around balance sheet, it feels insane, actually, that someone would give them capital.
Speaker E: Yeah. I mean, it felt like a joke when they're saying, are they going to. Why would you give an extreme.
Speaker A: I thought it was a spoof.
Speaker E: Yeah. Why would you let them run customer money at an exchange? It's like the industry's kind of forgotten that the standard rule that we all grew up with on Wall street is customer money is sacrosanct and separated from house. Simple as that. Unless you're John Corzine, of course, and then you blow up MF global, which I got caught out in, and him.
Speaker A: Saying he's going to raise money and actually raising money, or two different things. So let's not waste too much oxygen on that.
Speaker E: So what's the thing that actually gets you positive? Because you're cautious like everybody is. Everyone's kind of in wait and see mode. You kind of want to believe the rally desperately, but don't want to believe it because everyone's sick of bear market rallies. What's going to get you excited?
Speaker A: Well, as a bitcoin guy, I just see populism everywhere I look and I don't see how we get. Everyone's all excited right now. We still have a 5% budget deficit with almost no unemployment. Like when you have almost no unemployment, you should have a surplus. Right. Little keynesian cyclicality. And so we just had an omnibus bill at the end of the year with a trillion plus. Throw in again, politicians spend, and so we will debase fiat money one way or the other. And so bitcoin has got a long story and it's got a very hardened base of believers. And so I don't think bitcoin goes away. And the way it's traded makes me feel great when I talk to asset managers and banks. Tokenization is coming. Not it's going to come in stable coins first and other ways, but the technology of tokenization to fractionalize things to save on settlement and forms and everything else is coming. And so part of security and custody is going to be tokenization and part of having exchanges that have giant groups of KYC clients, they're going to end up buying these things. At one point, we haven't had a use case yet. No one wants to buy a tokenized piece of rolls fund, but people are trying it.
Speaker E: KKR, Apollo, everyone's looking at it, it's going to happen.
Speaker A: The NFT space is not going away. How leagues and brands advertise, how they ticket, how tickets become, all of that stuff is being worked on, how you gamify that experience. And so that space is happening. What worries me, and it's all this stuff is happening and it's happening on a normal, pretty quick growth scale. When you're growth equity investors, you're selling this bigger dream because money was free, and now we need to see real wins, we need to see shit that people use, right. And so I do think the venture returns are going to be smaller for a while, until we hit the critical mass of acceleration, until we get digital identity, until we get zero knowledge proofs sneaking into lots of different systems.
Speaker E: Feels to me that the VC space might be quieter than the, the listed space for a while.
Speaker A: Yeah, agreed, agreed. That's why I'm like, one of my goals is get more liquidity, if that's raising capital from outside investors for asset management funds. But liquidity and having cash is going to be key.
Speaker E: Well, let's see how this plays out. It's going to be a tricky year, as you say, but we've got through the worst of it. That's my view. My view is I looked at ETH, it bottomed in June, and then we threw even worse news at it and it didn't make a new low. And for me that's a classic signal of, ok, we've had the selling exhaustion, now we can rebuild. So it kind of feels like we're there. All right, my friend, good to see you, take care out there. I think Mike is usually more effervescent and bullish and I can see that it's been a hell of a grind of a year, and I think that's true of almost everybody in this space. Everyone's been a little bit shocked by the magnitude of some of the issues that have hit the space. And this space has always been and will always be about surviving. It's about surviving the bad times and building for the good times, because the good times do return. And I think we're in that type of time horizon now where it's a matter of shoring up, making sure you're ready, getting ready for the next phase. And I think the next phase still comes, and I think Mike still thinks it comes. And there's so many people who are still interested in all of the use cases. And yes, we're probably still lacking that killer app outside of launching the blockchains themselves and the fact that you can trade them is, what are we going to build on it? And that's all to come. Like we heard with artificial intelligence over the last decade, we heard it's coming, it's coming. We'd see various use cases, it wasn't great. And then GPT-3 hit and chat, GPT and the world changed. That moment's likely to come, so let's wait and see how it plays out. The macro is a complicated year too, so we need to get through that one as well. So let's keep our eye on things and keep moving forwards.
