Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling wherever you sell. With Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps, and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your dollar one per month trial period@shopify.com. tech all lowercase. That's Shopify.com tech.
Speaker B: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance. Join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten. That's podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Now to the top analysis of today's crypto markets.
Speaker C: Hopes raves for FTX creditors new management reportedly growing more optimistic about how much money can be recovered. Welcome back to Real Vision Crypto Daily briefing. I'm Ash Bennington. I'll discuss this and more with a former Fed economist turned investor, Joe Chow. Welcome back to the show, Joe.
Speaker D: Good to be with you, Nash.
Speaker C: It's great to have you here. Before we get to the interview, let's take a look at our latest price analysis. We're starting with some all important macroeconomic news. Propitious coincidence that we have Joe here to discuss it. The US economy grew by 2.9% in the fourth quarter of 2022. On an annualized basis, there's a slightly lower GDP growth than in the previous quarter. Major cryptocurrencies appear to be reacting well to the news. This could be because the slowing growth means the Fed might highlight might slow down the pace of its rate hikes. Bitcoin price has been reacting positively lately whenever it seems the Fed will be less hawkish going forward. Speaking of bitcoin, it has regained the $23,000 threshold. It's up 2.5% on a 24 hours basis. We saw bitcoin hit a new multi month high of $23,700 on Wednesday. Meanwhile, ether has snapped out of its recent underperformance streak. Relative to bitcoin, ether is up more than 4% on a 24 hours basis. It's back above $1,600 after dipping to $1,530 on Wednesday. We're also keeping an eye on BUsD. That's Binance's stable coin. According to data from Coingecko cited by Coindesk, the supply of BUSD fell by $1 billion over the past week. It has suffered a decline of 30% since early December as questions over fund management at Binance continue to swirl. One final token we're looking at today is Aptos. The project founded by former medder engineers, continues to attract attention after a sloppy start. Today's rally has extended its weekly gains by a whopping 130% on a trailing seven day basis. Obviously some pretty significant momentum there. Okay, viewers, it's time to join the conversation. Put down your questions in the chat wherever you're watching. We'll ask the best ones later on this show. Remember, real vision members take priority, but the good news is membership is free. With that said, let's bring in our guest. Joe Chow is a former Fed economist. He's now a partner at Millennia Capital. Joe, welcome back to real vision crypto. Pleasure to have you here as always, man.
Speaker D: Good to see you, Ash. Hope you're having a great start for the day.
Speaker C: I am indeed. Joe, macroeconomic news is right in your wheelhouse. As a former Fed economist, what's your take on this slowing GDP data?
Speaker D: Yeah, so I was listening to the radio reading the news this morning. The data is actually an interesting one because in 2022, in the first four quarters, we had two negative quarters of negative GDP. So that was q one, q two, then q three. We had a pretty strong number, as you can see here in the chart, q four, the number kind of slowed down. And so what that really means for fed policy, I think, is really a few folds. One is, I think this number is a good number because it increases the odds of a soft landing. What that means is perhaps the economy was so strong that even though the Fed suddenly breaks on the economy and rates rates at the fastest pace in decades, the underlying economy is actually doing okay. And what that means is whether it's for corporate earnings, whether it's for business and customer balance sheet, at least in the economy in Q four was doing fine. Some of the commentators were fearing that we might be heading towards severe recession. I think in all likelihood, this number rules out that possibility. And I think this number just adds in a lot of weight to the possibility that we're going to, we may be in a recession, we're definitely in a market reset. But if we're in a recession in Q one or Q two of this year, 2023, it would be softer because, for example, we're going from 2.9. Let's, we go down to a negative number because there's enough of a buffer. We're at 2.9. The chances of Q one or Q two, GDP being in a positive territory, slightly negative is much higher than if, let's say we're at 0.1%, going to like minus four. So that's what it means for economics. And then for Fed policy, I would say all things equal, this number would add a little bit more probability to the odds that they might raise 50. But I still think that right now both the Fed and the market seem to think that the Fed's on track to raise another 25 pips in the meeting next week. But this number definitely gives a little bit more room to Fed to sort of tidy a little bit further. I think now we're in this market environment where bad news, good economic news, is bad news for the markets, because good economic news means the Fed is going to tighten further, which would just kind of put more downward pressure on the risk assets, including Nasdaq stocks, S and P and crypto prices.
Speaker C: Yeah. Those who have been watching markets for a while know this weird upside down world of bad news is good news with regard to the Fed and what might be happening. But Joe, I don't want to put words in your mouth here, but it sounds as though you're giving this almost a Goldilocks scenario. It sounds as though you think this is this kind of perfect balance here that the Fed can sort of maintain. By the way, while we're talking about this, we should put up a charge, take a look at the other side of the equation, the other side of the silla and Charybdis that the Fed is trying to steer between. What you're looking at right now is the twelve month percent change consumer price index, not seasonally adjusted. And this is, this is all items that we're looking at here. So, Joe, we know what the problem is. Those who have been watching this show, of course, certainly do. And that's the fact that inflation has been far, far too high, heading up near the double digits at peak. Give us your take on this chart and the broader context on inflation.
Speaker D: Yeah, so I think starting with the December numbers, that these numbers came out in the last few weeks, I feel investor sentiment has really improved. You see that both in public and private markets. So I operate mostly in private markets now, and when I work with other funds or when I work with brokers, what I'm hearing is that there's more buyers coming back into the market in the private markets, and that includes private equity, venture capital, et cetera. Now, in public markets, we're seeing pretty good strength in the broader equity markets. So I think that's a reflection of the investor sentiment improving, which I think is a reflection of the fact that we probably seen a worth of inflation when December, some of the inflation numbers, the month over month change, which is basically if a dollar actually went down to like $0.99 even, it was a negative month over month over month, inflation number became a negative number. I think that number really gave a lot of confidence to market watchers that the worst of inflation is over. We've seen peak inflation last year. Inflation is going down. And if inflation was the root of all evils, then if the root cause goes away, then you can sort of speculate that the extrapolate that these symptoms might become better. So 2022, we saw peak inflation. Now inflation is going down. So that's the good news. And that's why you're seeing more buyers come to the market, because now, whether it's investor sentiment that's improving, whether it's sort of treasury yields and those numbers kind of coming down, moderating, and that's just adding a little bit more sentiment towards risk investors, equity investors, crypto investors. In terms of outlook wise, I think the concern for most economists and investors is sort of where inflation is going to end up, because right now inflation is still running at very elevated levels. We've seen the worst of it. It's come down, but it hasn't gone back to normal. Normal inflation is two to 3%. That's what the Fed would like to see. So basically, the way to think about Fed policy inflation is the Federal reserve would like to keep its benchmark rate at about 50 basis points higher than the average inflation. So right now, for example, inflation is now down to core inflation, down to what, in the 45% range. The goal, and I think based on the feds forecast and some of the wealth economists forecast, maybe inflation is going, has gone, has peaked, but it's going down. So depending on when that inflation goes back to sort of that zone of two to 3%, that's when the Fed, that's where the Fed might begin to sort of pivot and cut rates. So the question really is, we know inflation is going down. The question is, how fast is it going down and when is it going back to the normal zone? And that's where that's probably when you see the end of the tunnel for this tight cycle.
Speaker C: Joe, I think it's such a pleasure to have you here and give our audience this perspective. Obviously, when you speak about this, you sound like a former policymaker. You sound like a guy who was in the room at the Fed hashing through this, you actually worked, I believe, for Paul Volcker, which is shocking to a guy so young. Could have been there, but you were actually Paul Volcker's assistant as a former chairman or emeritus chairman at the Fed, is that right?
Speaker D: Worked on a project with them. Yeah. Before a few years ago.
Speaker C: Yeah. So you were kind of in the room around all this talk. What I want to pivot to a little bit now is hearing about what you're doing today in private markets and how this sort of background context influences your view of what you do today in private markets. Yeah.
Speaker D: So what I focus on is mostly private markets. Technology, software, AI companies, fintech, blockchain, web three, etcetera. So I think the biggest application is valuations of startups, of web three, blockchain companies, of private companies are all subject to macroeconomic changes. Now, some of the valuation numbers of private startups don't change on a day to day basis. While in crypto, it does change every day. Right.
Speaker C: You effectively have created instant liquidity in these markets through the technology of digital assets. So where venture stakes might have not moved from their marks for months on end, now you have the ability to get a price on something on really a nanosecond by nanosecond basis.
Speaker D: Right. So one of the, the things I do is, even though some of the private companies valuations don't change on a day to day basis because they're book to market, sorry, they're the market of the book value, you can really sort of figure out what the fair value is based on income, economic data. So for example, one of the things the Fed really does really well is they have a trade investing in New York, where every day they monitor fixed income equity markets. When incoming data changes, some of the default rates, like treasury yields, sort of change sort of both the Fed and Wall street trading. That's sort of try to price what is fair value based on the economic data. Well, in the private markets, that is not even an industry that's been developed, most of it, everything is sort of held static for me. I try to sort of leverage that experience to underwrite what is fair value in private markets. And so what that really means is, in terms of my own thesis on investing in the market, is when we look at sort of valuations in the private market, whether it's private companies pre IP, early stage, we can sort of apply a macroeconomic framework and public markets disciplines evaluating private startups. So I'll give you a concrete example. Software startups like cybersecurity and things like Salesforce and SaaS business models historically trade about eight to ten times revenue. And that applies to web three companies. These companies have 80% gross margins. They trade at ten times revenue. Well, what happens? And that corresponds with a default Fed funds rate of two and a half percent, which is the average for the last ten years since the GFC. And then this is sort of the multiple, when multiples kind of went down. Sorry, when the default rate went down, because the Fed was lowering rates to kind of juice the economy, multiples went up. And now when the Fed funds rate has gone up to almost 5%, multiples have contracted. And that's what explains sort of the question we see in asset prices. So there are ways to sort of underwrite its fair value and play kind of an active strategy in private markets based on sort of economic data. So you connect private markets with sort of economic income data.
Speaker C: So essentially the transmission mechanism here is through the credit cycle relative to the economic cycle, or rather the adjustments the Fed is making with regard to prime rates. And other pieces of the macroeconomic policy toolkit have this impact that you see follow through through the credit cycle, availability of credit, and therefore the asset pricing model that takes as one of its primary inputs the rate of interest.
Speaker D: That's right. So basically there's, I would call, I would call three to four layers of rates. The first layer, I guess you can think of, you can actually use an analogy in sort of web three, right? So layer one would be the Fed funds rate, and that's controlled by the f one c. Layer two, you can call that, you know, you can call the treasury yield curve. That's five year treasury, ten year Treasury, 30 year treasury, six months. So when layer one moves, layer two is going to move. Layer three would be other rates, like mortgage backed securities would be like private credit yields. So when the Fed moves, it takes a while, usually a few days, for the second layer to fully adjust. And it might take a little bit longer, maybe a month or two. For the third layer, the private credit market, the public credit market, the mortgage backed security that markets kind of adjust. And then the fourth layer is the impact of that on equities. And then based on that transmission, that's going to affect the valuation of both public and private equities.
Speaker C: You're speaking my language, Joe. My brain automatically thinks in abstraction layers. I think it's all the time I spent doing tech work early in my career. We're going to have you back to do a capital asset pricing model tutorial for our audience. But it is, I think, important for people to understand a little bit of the framework here, because what's interesting to me, and it's such a great coincidence that we have you here today to talk about this, is we had this period where we saw all this negative news in the space in terms of default and what we had default risk, I should say, because we saw some negative stories coming out about binance, about digital currency group and some of its subsidiaries, and yet we had price moving in the opposite direction of what you would predict. Why? Because of expectations of inflation data and therefore the macroeconomic policy response of the Fed and other global central banks. And I think it was puzzling to a lot of people in this space who looked at this and said, well, I don't get it right. We see all this negative news and yet prices are going up. And I think you've just articulated very clearly the model for why that's so exactly.
Speaker D: I would say the biggest thing that folks need to realize is that the stock market, the S and P, the Nasdaq stocks are a forward looking machine of what the economic environment and the rate environment is going to look like in the next six to twelve months. Even today's GDP data that came out was a lagging indicator describing what happened last year. But the market is looking ahead, and I think that applies to both assets like bitcoin, ethereum, and assets like the stock market. So really, I think the reason I think you're seeing an improvement in better risk sentiment is because we've seen negative inflation for the first time in December, month over month, and inflation is going down. And the street and market participants are extrapolating that in the next six to twelve months. If this sort of trend continues, then what does that mean for Fed policy? And what the market seemed to think is that based on this trend, the market is pricing in a lower inflation and the feds might even positive pivot. And that, I think, is what's driving investor sentiment and improvements in the last, since the beginning of the year.
Speaker C: We'll add DCF analysis to the future tutorial. Joe, I want to pivot back to something that we were just talking about in terms of this negative news, because we have some new news out today on FTX. Hopes have been raised by the new management of bankrupt cryptocurrency exchange FTX. According to sources speaking exclusively to the New York Post, Wall street executives representing FTX creditors are growing increasingly optimistic about fund recovery. We actually have Charlie Gasparino, who broke the story, booked on the show for a week from today. So we get to talk to him about that. According to the Post, the CEO of FTX, the new CEO, I should say, John Ray, obviously, replacing Sam Bankman Friede, could recover as much as two thirds of the approximately $8 billion lost by FTX. That's because he was able able to find around $5 billion worth of liquid assets. Obviously, that's a non trivial sum. That's good news, of course, particularly for creditors and for users of that platform. The bad news is that the recovery could take as long as two years. Also, valuing many of these assets may be quite challenging. Those assets include illiquid cryptocurrencies or venture capital. We've also learned the full list of FTX creditors for the first time decrypt says court documents reveal the creditors include tech companies such as Apple, Netflix, and WeWork to competitors like Coindesk and even news outlets like the Wall Street Journal and Coindesk. Joe, you know, obviously this is a story that has been dominating news cycles. It's literally the story that people who know nothing about cryptocurrency asked me about when people hear what I do for a living. Joe, what's your take on FTX and more broadly on what the impact has been in private markets because of this spectacular collapse?
Speaker D: Well, first of all, it's really unfortunate news, and I hope investors and customers are doing okay. I would say in terms of impact, we're seeing a lot of repercussions in the private market since this event unfolded late last year. One is let's break it down by sort of stakeholders. So now, when it comes to, first of all, when it comes to the existing investors that are in this FTX, you're seeing a few of them have written apology letters to their investors and even have some of, some of which have been released publicly. And so, b, you're seeing these firms heightening their internal due diligence criteria, I think, out for investors that were not in FTX. So, for example, my firm, we were not investors in FTX and other investment firms. Everybody is also kind of hiding their own due diligence criteria. So I think this really has sort of sent a shock to the tv management community. Now, when it comes to the customers, obviously, it would be great if customers can sort of recover as much as possible. I think some of the process here involved include, one, I've seen some of the reports on some of the holdings by Alameda. Alameda has invested in dozens and dozens of different investments, some of which were investments in funds in companies. So it will, by the way, for.
Speaker C: Anyone who may not know. Alameda, of course, was the sister company of FTX that essentially was making prop bets, making a speculative bets about the future of varying various protocols, and also venture capital bets, apparently, and things that were illiquid. So this is the challenge. And they seem to have shared balance sheet exposure, and that's the background context, I guess I should say allegedly, according to allegedly. Yeah. Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker D: Whoa.
Speaker B: Landing an account this big will totally change my landscaping business. It's gonna mean hiring more guys and more equipment and new trucks for the new guys to drive the new equipment in. I don't know if I'm ready.
Speaker A: You can do this. And Ford Pro finsimple can help. Our experts are ready to make growing pains less painful for your business with flexible financing solutions that meet the needs of your business today when you need them. Get started@fordpro.com. financing?
Speaker D: Yeah, so what would happen in this case is the investment. If the investment dollars into venture capital funds and startups can be recovered, then they can be sort of moved back onto FTX's balance sheet and then be, and then be distributed back to the creditors, the customers. Now, some of. So I think some of those investments will unfortunately not be able to be recovered. The reason is, for example, if, let's say, Alameda FTS organization had invested in a venture capital fund, and the fund is willing to return that dollar money one for one, then 100% of that investment will be returned to Essex balance sheet, and then which would be made available to the creditors. However, if, let's say, Alameda made an investment in a, in a cryptocurrency, let's say when it was trading at $100, and now the market value has gone to $10. Unfortunately, that will probably not be fully recovered. And so it looks like this amount of recovery is likely from those investments where the money can still be recovered, whether it was a fund investment, a liquidity investment, where the value hasn't really changed and folks are willing to return the funds.
Speaker C: Yeah, I noticed that Paul English, in one of the chats on real Vision website, is pointing out this question about what's happening right now in terms of the layoffs in the space. It just so happens our next story, Paul, is about exactly that. The London based exchange Luno is cutting 35% of its global staff. Obviously, that's a big number. According to forecast news, this means around 340 workers will be affected. Here's the point that most people need to know. Luna is a subsidiary of the troubled cryptocurrency conglomerate DCG. That's digital currency group. Barry Silbert Shop, that also owns Genesis, that also owns Grayscale Investments, which controls GBTC and also owns Coindesk. In a note to employees shared partially on the Luno website, CEO Marcus Swan Pol blames, quote, unforeseen and very extreme events in the industry skits back into the broader conditions that we've been talking about here. He said the sheer scale and speed of the events means even planned mitigating measures were not enough. Swan poll said the notable crypto collapses created, quote, a significantly more constrained funding environment, with the markets focusing shifting from long term investments to shorter term profitability. And by the way, we could also add the broader macroeconomic conditions, contraction of credit and contraction of financial conditions. He also blamed, quote, negative market impact on market sentiment and consequently on growth and revenue for our business along with our peers and our competitors. Boy, part and parcel of the same conversation we've been having here, Joe.
Speaker D: Yeah, it's probably a reflection of both the declining kind of crypto asset prices and also a tougher funding environment. Because my hypothesis would be before, when rates were near zero, when the layer one rate was near zero, and the layer two yields were also near zero, you could borrow a layer three in the private credit, public credit market for a really good rate, let's call it three to 4%. Now, the layer one rate, the Fed rate is almost up to five and the treasury is up to four to five. And so some of the private lending rates have gone up 12%. And that's a really, really expensive rate to borrow, I think. Secondly, in a tougher economic environment, the lenders are also doing two things. One is not only are they charging more, which makes it more expensive to borrow, b, they're also not lending as much because they have to in a recessionary environment. There's an indicator that the Fed tracks is called a default rate on default rate of the underlying kind of borrowers. So what the lenders are doing is they're pricing a higher probability that some of these borrowers might go bankrupt. And that's probably why they're also not lending out credit. And so when you got a double whammy like that, it's hard for companies to borrow credit. And I think when you combine the fact that a lot of customers are probably withdrawing their amount from the platform, I think that's why there's a lot of financial pressure on these organizations. What I've been kind of talking to other investment firms in the industry about is this is obviously a huge reset in tech and in web three. If a company can survive this winter, it will probably come out the other side stronger. And a key to survive surviving this winter is one, to have enough of a balance sheet of a lot of cash B, to cut down the burn rate so that you can still make payroll and then last long enough for the market to recover.
Speaker C: Hey, Joe, you said double whammy. How about a triple whammy? One of the spaces, significant challenges in terms of headwinds that they're facing in the wake of FTX is additional regulatory headwinds. US democratic senator and longtime crypto critic Elizabeth Warren has warned more industry failures will happen unless regulation is toughened up. She said, quote, for all their talk of innovation and financial inclusion, crypto industry giants from FTX to Celsius to Voyager are collapsing under the weight of their own fraud, deceit, and gross mismanagement. And when they sink, they take a lot of honest investors down with them. Close quote. Well, you know, this is an interesting story here. Obviously, there's certainly some truth to that. But you have to wonder about the broader context of what's going to happen in the industry, particularly if the sort of regulatory framework that comes is one that isn't as thoughtful as maybe it could be. I should say Warren called on regulators, including the securities Exchange Commission and banking authorities, to double down on the tools they already have. This is such a delicate balancing act, Joe. We want to protect investors, obviously. We want to make sure that people who are bad actors in the space who commit fraud are prosecuted. And yet at the same time, the risk is this sort of broader headwind to the space, maybe not targeted as well as it could be. These are very complex, very new technologies, very challenging to regulate in a way that maintains investor protections and yet also maintains an environment where you can have this kind of growth and creative sort of development of new technology. What's your thought on this, particularly in relation to the potential headwind in the private markets from regulatory moves?
Speaker D: Yeah. So I've been a student of business and financial markets history. It's a pattern where innovation always outpaces regulation and regulators have to catch up. So what happened this episode is nothing new to what happened decades ago if we look back in instances. So I think what's certain is that regulations are coming. I think some of the things we've seen will heighten the pace at which the regulators are going to come out. The government's going to come up with regulations. So I was, and I think that's a good thing because that's going to put more legal framework around this industry. And once there's clear guidelines for this industry, once regulations catches up with innovation, I think that's going to invite more innovators and institutions to come into the industry. Our view, and I think the view of other investment firms is that this industry is here to stay. It's just going through a very painful reset. And so there will be survivors out of this sort of market reset in web three and there will be regulations coming. So it would be good if the companies that survive and the new ones will kind of build themselves around the framework. And I think that's going to really help this industry mature. This is what happened historically in the last century. So it's nothing new. It's sort of a pattern that's repeating.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's so true. It's such an important and nuanced point, Joe. The more things change, the more they remain the same. I was just grousing earlier this morning I tried to open a meeting in Microsoft Outlook and it automatically kicked me into teams instead of Zoom. And I pointed out that this is precisely the kind of bundling challenge that got Microsoft into trouble, or at least analogous to the kind of bundling decision that got Microsoft into trouble back in the late 1990s. And remember, Microsoft was nearly broken up. A judge named Penfield Jackson issued a ruling that was going to break Microsoft into three distinct companies. Ultimately it was overturned on appeal as a very complicated process. I guess what's different here today is that effectively these technologies are also financial products or resemble financial products, resemble securities in some cases. And so the regulatory framework around it becomes that much more complicated from a legal perspective, from a regulatory perspective, we have kind of fragmented, sort of fragmented, I guess, regulation and oversight here in the US compared to something like the UK, which has one principle regulator, some people believe that's a benefit. You have things regulated at the state level, you have banks regulated at the federal level. It's a really complex mosaic of regulation here. When you add this sort of direct financial component. We were talking about this earlier with the liquidity in private markets. Essentially you can get a price on a venture capital investment or de facto venture capital investment in terms of the way it performs in seconds rather than something you might not get a price. You'd have to call a guy like Joe Chow and say, hey Joe, what's the value of this now? You just see it on your screen. You can go to Coinmarketcap, you can go to Coingecko and you get a price.
Speaker D: That's right. And so our hope is that the regulations will be clear and we'll provide clear guidelines to innovators on how to build web three innovations. I just want to bring up something that has been top of our priorities is this whole AI sort of buzz. Right now. The tech industry is going through a pretty painful reset. But amongst all this, AI seems to be the next platform for innovation. And so in fact, I've met with several entrepreneurs recently who are saying that they're now building new companies on top of OpenAI's platform. So I think what that shows is, yes, like we're going through a market reset both in tech and web three by the same time. As long as the technology is, the platform is legitimate and solid. Open AI becoming sort of a newer platform, it's going to allow a lot of new companies to be built on top of that platform. By the same token, I think when we come out of the reset, when blockchain becomes a more mature industry, there'll be many, it's going to be a new platform that allows many new companies to be built on blockchain. You can even argue the AI platform and the blockchain platform can work together and there'll be cross integration between blockchain AI and there's a lot of innovations that companies being built between these two platforms. So despite the market reset, I think if you're an optimist in which I am an entrepreneurs are, there's a lot of things to be excited about.
Speaker C: Preston Joe, let me ask you this. What are some of those overlaps, what might some of those synergies be between AI, which is something that fascinates me and I know fascinates you. We've been talking about it here on real vision and the digital asset cryptocurrency, blockchain space.
Speaker D: Yeah, so let me start with some of the things I've been hearing from entrepreneurs on the OpenAI sort of front. So open eye is basically, you know, sort of this whole move, this whole sort of innovation is, has matured to a point where this AI platform can be integrated with existing solutions and become, and be distributed to like business and consumers. So the reason that one of the reasons Microsoft invested, you know, you can sort of, you know, read some of their press releases and their earnings, earnings call transcripts, is Microsoft plans to not only invest in OpenAI, which they have invested, but they also plan to integrate that AI solution to some other enterprise applications, whether it's office, whether it's teams and so the AI is going to do many things to augment kind of human work. So there's a lot of startups right now. I just met one that's in fintech, where they're trying to build their fintech platform, their underwriting platform on top of the OpenAI plan platform. And so you're seeing a lot of entrepreneurs rebuilding technologies being built on OpenAI. So you can sort of think of like, you know, in the last ten years we had cloud and AWS and Google became big cloud providers, and now there's a lot of cloud based companies, Snowflake, what have you. By the same token, now there's an AI platform and a lot of startups, a lot of innovators are building new applications and software on top of, on top of AI. And blockchain is I think, the next sort of generation of, it's one of the next innovations to mature. And there will be many new applications being built on the blockchain now. To what extent they interact, I think will be what the innovators will do. But I think we're seeing if we saw the Internet in the 2000, the 1990s as one example instance of that, the cloud being another example of that. And I think AI is next and the next is blockchain. So I think there's a lot of opportunities in the market, and despite the market fluctuations, I think I would just look at the fundamentals of these businesses and determine investments via that channel.
Speaker C: One of the novel applications I heard for artificial intelligence in the blockchain distributed asset digital tech space is the idea of doing code audits to effectively attempt to find security flaws within smart contracts. I guess that sort of works in the opposite direction as well, because the bad actors will have that technology to search for vulnerabilities. But it is sort of interesting to think about just some of the ways that we might have the overlap between digital assets and AI, which certainly seems to be coming as though you point out, it's always challenging to see in advance exactly what that leading technology is going to be that causes that dovetail.
Speaker D: So a lot of VC's and myself included, are now hunting for ideas and entrepreneurs and opportunities where you can invest at the intersection of AI and blockchain. And I suspect that you'll hear many, many new buzzwords in the coming two to five to ten years of things that will develop within these new Twitter platforms.
Speaker C: Well, we can virtually guarantee it's going to be in the pitch decks before that, whether or not it will actually be realized in the next six months. Or so. That remains to be seen, but I'm sure it's going to be a topic we're going to be hearing more about, I should say. Joe, it's nearly time for viewer questions. But before that, for those watching on the real Vision website, first, thank you. If you haven't signed up yet, check it out@realvision.com. crypto. That's real vision.com crypto. That's the best way to get early access to real vision content. And it's always free real vision crypto content, I should say. Tomorrow you'll be able to watch the latest Ral's adventures in crypto in full. Raoul spoke with Mike Novogratz of Galaxy Digital. You don't want to miss that again. That's real vision.com forward slash crypto. If you're watching on YouTube, please like and subscribe. And hit the notification bell as well. Okay, on to viewer questions for Joe. This one comes to us from Paul on the real Vision website. Coindesk estimates that over 29,000 jobs have been cut across the crypto industry since April of last year. With all these recently unemployed crypto workers, do you expect we'll see them back in the space with their own projects starting up? I love that question. Paul is clearly an optimist, talking about this kind of almost shumpetarian creative destruction. When you see people get laid off, maybe they open up their own shops. Joe, what do you think about this as someone who invests in those private companies?
Speaker D: Paul absolutely. We are seeing, I think in the 2000 820 ten recession we saw was there were a lot of layoffs, and then amongst them were a lot of new innovation, new companies being born. Some of those have finally matured by 2020, they went public. Amongst them, some of the ipos we've seen, you're seeing another round of layoffs now in traditional tech. And so whether we've seen even the mega tech companies have laid off and some of the newer tech companies are laying off workers. And I don't think we've seen the worst layoffs in technology because based on what I'm hearing, what I'm seeing in the private markets, many startups, venture backed startups are trying to cut costs on employee costs so that they kind of extend their cash a little bit longer. And right now it's really hard to raise money, whether it's equities or debt equities because the VC's have slowed down, because their lp's aren't investing as much debt. Because as we mentioned earlier, private credit yields have just become so expensive at more than 10% a year, 12% a year, and a lot of companies don't want to pay that, so they have to.
Speaker C: And that reflects tightening financial conditions with the perception of increased default probability.
Speaker D: Exactly. And that's where you can sort of connect startup operations and macroeconomics together, is these startups are just, I think what the startups are trying to do is they're trying to raise some equity with debt and they're also trying to cut some cost. So hopefully, both will kind of work in their favor to extend, to strengthen their balance sheet and extend their cash Runway. Now, I would put web three and blockchain companies in the same bucket as tech companies because they're just companies, right? Companies have revenue, they have cash, and they have to pay for employees. So I would say that framework, that logic applies to what, three companies? So just like ten years ago, you had a lot of tech executive coming to start new companies. I would expect a lot of web three and company executive employees coming to start new company or join new companies. So I think there will be a lot more layoffs this year. Amongst them, there'll be many talented entrepreneurs and engineers starting new companies. Myself, I'm talking to several as we speak. And I think another thing that I've really kind of realized recently is it's really hard to innovate when you work for a company, like to innovate to build a new product, you really have to come out on your own to build something and then either be acquired or go IPO. So I expect there will be many, many new entrepreneurs coming to the market this year.
Speaker C: Yeah. By the way, it's one of the reasons why I stay at real vision. They do allow us to innovate here, and even my crazy ideas sometimes become part of the show. Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real Vision crypto daily briefing.
Speaker E: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what. With each vendor. Ramp's software collects and verifies receipts instantly to save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments. Time consuming tasks, which means youll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use Ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If youre a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions youve ever made. Get dollar 250 when you join Ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy ramp.com easy ramp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank and celtic bank members have DIc terms and conditions apply.
Speaker C: Joe, you talked about this sort of, sort of interaction between private markets and macroeconomics. This is what your specialty is and what we're always pleased to have you on to talk about. Interestingly enough, Ralph on the real vision website asks a question that is precisely in that wheelhouse. How bad has the impact of FTX and other negative crypto news been on private equity investors sentiment in the space? That is a great question. I'm very curious to hear how folks who are allocating to you guys think about exactly that question, what you've heard from them.
Speaker D: Yeah, so I think there's two sides to the question. One is how has that impacted LP's investments in venture capital and private equity funds? LP's are several wealth funds, offices, endowments, pensions, et cetera. There are the allocators that allocate between private equity, private credit, public markets. And then the second part of that question of the answer is how the fund managers, the VC's and the PE guys are investing in startups. I would say, let me start with the first one, which is because tech has performed so well in the last ten years, in the last cycle, tech because for example, let's say a pension fund allocates 80% to the stock market, 20% to venture and web three, let's say that has done so well, it's doubled, it's tripled, it's really become a bigger portion of the portfolio. But based on the laws of the pension, the bylaws, maybe, let's say it's a pension of a state, they only out appropriate a certain percentage of investment dollars towards a certain asset class, because tech adventures done well, it's become less a 30% now. So now the pension funds have to cut back and even sell some of their stakes in like these VC funds to go back to that 20% budget. So that's why you're seeing it's been harder for BCMP funds to raise LP money from the pension fund, the stable fund, for that. That's one of the reasons. So now, because the VC and PE funds have less money from their LP's, they're also investing less. So that's what contributes to one of the slowdown in sort of funding. Now, how does this ftxing impact everything? It hasn't impacted traditional software fintech investing. It's impacted much more web three investing. And I think one is because investors are fearful, B is they have to probably do much more diligence and probably their investment committee is forcing them to just triple the amount of due diligence. Some have even sort of staffed on what deploying to web three. So it's one of the consequences of sort of this whole transmission mechanism.
Speaker C: By the way, I have to say for viewers who are relatively new to the financial side of this, if you're listening to Joe and you're a little bit confused, don't worry about it. You are hearing about how private markets actually work, how they function and what the mechanism is for allocation of capital. This is something that folks maybe who've just been involved in public markets, example on the equity side just may not have heard of. Understanding how sovereign wealth funds, how pension funds allocate in private markets is such an important piece of the financial puzzle and something that makes markets very opaque for people who maybe have just remember from their high school or college days, the overview of how investing works. Well, people invest in retail, individuals invest in public markets. You buy a share of Facebook if you believe that Facebook's revenues are going to increase based on the net present value of, you know, the company. This is really about how private markets work. And it's such an important explainer for people to get. And it's really great to have you here unpacking this for us. I know it differs a bit by sector, by region, but give folks a little bit of an understanding of how big private markets are relative to public markets on the credit side, on the equity side, and also a little bit about how those allocations work, for example, from sovereign hedge funds, from pension funds and from other allocators. Joe.
Speaker D: Yeah, so it's private markets are much smaller than public markets, but they're much more dynamic. Also, I'll give you a few stats. So right now in the US and abroad, there's about 1000 or so unicorns. These are private companies that are worth a billion dollars or more. So from now we can sort of extrapolate what's the market size. But I would say there's a few things that really changed in the private markets in the last sort of ten or twelve years than in the 1980s and nineties. One is private companies are going to stay private longer. Right. And so what that means they can raise more private funding and stay private longer. And stay in private longer has its benefits. It's because you don't have to deal with the day to day fluctuations in the stock price, quarterly earnings. You can really focus on execution. And one of the factors that Langton sort of helped private companies stay private longer was I think during the Obama administration, they sort of increased the number of investors that can be, that can hold shares in the private company from.
Speaker C: This is the reg a reg a plus legislation that was really so important in changing those dynamics.
Speaker D: Right. So I clearly recall in 2012 when Facebook had to go public, I remember reading an article where they said Facebook now has more than 100 investors. They have to go public. Well, now the numbers up to 500. So what that means is you can be. So if all things, you might have stayed private, you know, hypothetically. So private companies are staying in private longer. There's a renewed interest in entrepreneurship.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker D: Which is people can work remote tech has a lot of new companies. And then in terms of allocations, let's call it a pension fund. Let's call it a us state's pension fund based on the bylaws of the pension fund and what that states legislature appropriated. A pension fund can invest in several asset classes. The stock market, the bond market, public markets, real estate, cash and private markets. Private markets is divided into private equity, LBo buyouts, venture capital, and web three is counted as a part of venture capital. Now, for these pension funds. And so there's a percentage that the government has mandated that these pension funds.
Speaker C: To hold maximum a ceiling, essentially so that they don't get excessive exposure to highly illiquid assets.
Speaker D: So exactly. So in that context, sometimes these numbers go out of balance. So lets say the venture market has outperformed and doubled. Well, that percentage has doubled, all things equal. So then now the pension fund has to either invest less or sell some of those stakes to go back to the percentages.
Speaker C: This is essentially portfolio rebalancing. As you get outperformance on your private investments, they become a larger percentage of the portfolio. You got to sell them down to meet your mandates in terms of regulatory and compliance components. By the way, less people think that this is an academic discussion about how to lower average weighted cost of capital and return on equity. The way that this affects you as an investor, if you're a retail investor, is with a challenge on this. The sort of the flip side, the dark side of all this, obviously, it increases the ability of companies and entrepreneurs to raise capital. It has a lot of positive side effects, but one of the negative components of this is companies staying private for longer has effectively shifted a lot of the value creation to the earlier part of the cycle. VC's have gotten very rich and where you might have been able to buy a company here in the public markets, invest early in it now because it's coming as a more mature company in the market. Some of that hockey stick like growth potential that you would be hoping for as an investor has already been realized in the private markets. That's the challenge. That's the balancing act here that regulators, that companies and that investors are always trying to dynamically sort out in their minds when they invest.
Speaker D: Absolutely agreed. And so the private markets are booming and I think that includes web three companies, blockchain companies, and we're seeing a lot of good activities and I'm really excited to be in this industry.
Speaker C: Yeah, Joe, this is an incredible conversation. You're one of the few people out there who can wrap together macroeconomic conditions and what happens in early stage investing in the most entrepreneurial and dynamic companies. Very often these are seen as just totally different tracks. We're one of the few people who can really bring this together. For our viewers. We always appreciate you coming here and I hope we can do this again soon. Let me ask you this. We've covered a tremendous amount of ground here, broad array of topics we've discussed, final points, key takeaways that you'd like to leave our viewers and listeners with.
Speaker D: Yeah, so I think starting with macro is, you know, we are heading into a market. We are in the market reset. I likely a recession, but it will not be a severe recession. It would probably be like a mild recession. It's kind of like a common cold. It's not a severe flu if you analogize the economy to a human being. So what that means is this is a healthy reset for the market. And so this allows the market to kind of consolidate and build for the next bull market. Fingers crossed in the next five to ten years. The second is in sort of blockchain web three. There's still a lot of innovation happening. I think with these layouts there's going to be a lot of new companies being born and the private companies on this new platform that can survive this kind of, this reset will come out the other side stronger. And the ways they survive is either by to increase more cash on the balance sheet or cut costs. And then on the private market side, we're seeing this whole AI becoming a platform that enables many new companies to be built on top of the AI platform. I think the same is going to happen with blockchain, and I think that's what. So despite all the market sort of negativity, there's actually a lot to look forward to.
Speaker C: Yeah, very well said. I'll keep my takeaways very short. And there are three points that real vision viewers and listeners already know. First, of course, is that macro matters. I think it's very easy sometimes for people who are very passionate about technology, who are very passionate about developing in the web three space to forget about the fact that there is a macro substrate here that matters tremendously in terms of availability of credit, in terms of availability of equity capital and all of the rest that Joe has just talked about here. Incredibly important points. Secondly, I would say private markets are an incredibly interesting aspect of the space. And if you're interested in understanding what's happening in web three, if you're interested in what's happening in digital assets more broadly, you have to understand a little bit how private markets work, because it's guys like Joe who are talking to allocators, who are being that bridge, who are allocating capital, assessing risk, figuring out where the opportunities are. Such an important point. And finally, third, something else that we're passionate about here on real vision is AI. Obviously, this is a topic that is increasingly important across the tech space, across the investing space, and more broadly, I think across the business and traditional sort of general news landscape. This is a story that's going to affect everything, and I believe that web three and digital assets will be no exception. Joe, really a pleasure to have you here. I hope we can do this again soon, man.
Speaker D: Thanks so much, Ash.
Speaker C: Very beautiful day, I should say. For those of you watching on YouTube, like subscribe and please hit the notification bell. That way you can always stay up to date with the latest crypto news and analysis from real Vision Crypto. If you're not yet a real vision crypto subscriber, don't forget it's free. Head over to real vision.com crypto today. That's it for today. We'll be back tomorrow with the latest technical analysis from Dave the wave. See you at 09:00 a.m. pacific noon Eastern, 05:00 p.m. london time, live on real vision crypto daily briefing. Have a great afternoon, everybody.
