Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30. 30, baby get 30, baby get 20. 2020, baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint.
Speaker C: Mobile.Com switch $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited. More than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: Hey, everybody. Today's real vision program is sponsored by Engrave, maker of the coldest hardware wallet zero and stainless steel backup graphene. Engrave brings you the highest security in a touchscreen experience. To safely manage all of your crypto offline, enjoy a 10% real vision discount in Engrave IO shop with the code real vision. Enjoy the program.
Speaker E: All right, guys, bang bang. I've got rule here. I thought a great place to start is the bitcoin ETF. We got the approvals, everyone's all excited, and the price goes down. That's not supposed to happen. But why is the price going down? And what is your reaction to the first two or three days of trading of the bitcoin ETF?
Speaker F: Look, always the most ridiculous thing happens in crypto. I mean even the run up was the best, right? Total goat rodeo of that tweet that was hacked. Its brilliant. And it going down is befitting basically, its the overhang from GBTC. So theres a lot of activity, a lot of repositioning. Net flows have been offset really, by GBTC as people are unwinding the arbitrage and stuff like that. So I dont think you need to read much into it. It probably has to digest. Dont forget, youve brought forward a lot of demand. Net net, what will we brought forward? Two, $3 billion of demand. Okay, so that takes time for the market digest. And then you got to think through who the Raas are, who these people are. And if you put them in your head, these are not New York dealing rooms. Who are getting on the phone, say, buy this now. They're people who are wearing slacks who read barons on the weekend, read about the ETF, aren't sure, go on the golf course, see their best client. He asked them a question. The whole process is slow. They got to go and have steak dinners and all of that stuff. So the whole process of bringing people in is going to take a while longer, but it's there. Now I just think of the CTF as a trade deal between Fiat world and cryptoland. And so now capital can flow in much easier than it used to. I kind of think of this as a mental model as like China entering the WTO when everybody could invest in China. That's what this is. Now these aren't permanent residents in crypto land. This is more hot money flows, tourism flows, hot money flows, direct investment, foreign direct investment, that's VC flows. And then we've got a bunch of residents there, people who have wallets and all of that. So I do think of it as an economy and this just allows trade.
Speaker C: Preston.
Speaker E: Now the capital thats going into these ETF's, theres two ways to look at it. Its hey, these are the people who, theyve heard about bitcoin. They dont really want to go set up a coinbase account and go buy it. Now their financial advisors saying, yeah, lets allocate a little bit to it. But the first 2nd that we get a 25 50% drawdown, theyre out of there. Theyre like, I knew I shouldnt have bought that and theyre gone. The other argument is that a lot of ETF capital is very sticky and its kind of like a set it, forget it. And once that money goes in, its likely to sit there, there. Which one do you think is a more accurate representation of how this capital will behave as we get the volatility of bitcoin?
Speaker F: So if you think about the biggest buyers of this stuff is actually the millennial cohort. What the millennials do really well is they invest in their 401 ks every month and they can put this in their 401 ks. So thats sticky. Thats why ark didnt get all the redemptions when it went down 75%. It's because it's millennials who own it and they put it in their four hundred one k and they're in it for the long ride. So I think it's the boomer crowd. He'll be more concerned about the volatility. I think that's a very good thing. There can be a lot of people putting it as a long term asset buy and hold, and that should give it the stability that you need, that you don't just get massive washouts from people panicking the moment it goes down. Most of the ETF providers have made it pretty clear that it's a volatile asset and it's a buy and hold asset.
Speaker E: So in the christian religion, there's kind of like before Jesus. After Jesus, right. In terms of measuring time. My thought process is that we're going to have a before ETF, after ETF kind of epochs of bitcoin. And specifically talking about the volatility, we had massive asymmetry and lots of volatility, 80% drawdowns, et cetera, leading up to this. But if we get, as you said, stability, that also is a pro and a con, right? If theres less volatility on the downside, I think people say, oh thats great, but then should we also expect less volatility to the upside as well?
Speaker F: I think as assets mature, they become less volatile. So I think we need to expect that, and particularly from passive flows of 401K investors putting it in every two weeks, every month thatll keep a bid that didnt exist before. So I think yes, well probably see lower volatility, but we'll also be feeding capital into cryptoland. And cryptoland is not just the state of bitcoin, it's a whole bunch of other places that are going to see capital flows. So the wild west will still exist, but the big daddy becomes less volatile, which yes, it's a shame because we can't make as much money out of each cycle. But if our underlying philosophy is we want the adoption of this technology to be broad and deep, it has to go that way. So it's kind of good from that philosophical angle of trying to change the world, bad from the ridiculousness of the cycles and how profitable they can be if you get them right.
Speaker E: So we're sitting around 40,000, $42,000 today. It was at $15,000, 16,000 kind of at the bottom of the bear market. What is your expectation in this bull market? Will we see 100,100, 5200 thousand?
Speaker F: Maybe.
Speaker E: One of the things ive taken away is people are still looking at these cycles as its going to $1 million, its going to 500. These crazy price predictions and I actually may be maybe somehow Im getting more realistic and saying I dont know. If we see $200,000 in the bull market, where are you?
Speaker F: I dont know is the answer for the same reason also everybodys got PTSD because of last time. That second run up, after the big correction, the second run up, everybody thought it was going to extend further and it didnt. And so everyones got PTSD. So how Im thinking about it? Im giving a 60% probability. This is a relatively normal cycle, in which case it would get to 150,000. Lets say Im giving a 20% chance that its actually a front loaded cycle because of the ETF and other stuff that maybe it gets to that 150 faster and then fades, which will be pain for a lot of people who expect it to go into 2025. Right. And then the other 20% chance, I think, is that this ends up being a bubble cycle. And so it looks more like 2011 1213 than it does the previous one. And in which case, if you remember that cycle, it had an interim top correction, everyone thought it was over and then it just exploded again. I think there's a decent chance of that. But we need to see the contextualization of how the ETF flows impact whats happening with monetary policy, whats going on in the economy, how the elections going to play into this. So thats how Im thinking of it. That upside crazy bubble target, using that kind of everything code structure that you and ive talked about in the past, we get price targets of half a million plus. So even if I discount mead for being a moron by 50%, you still get 250 grand. So thats kind of the spread to me, 100 and 5250. But obviously, who the hell knows? And as you know, the worst thing for any of us is everybody wants price targets. And then a year and a halfs time, they hate you for it because you went exactly right. Its ridiculous.
Speaker E: Well, I think its also just like, hey, does this replicate past cycles? And I think thats what everyone is thinking. Right. But also maybe that is a signal thats not going to happen. One, but two. Also the holder base has changed again. So pre 2020 there was the very hardcore believers. Then in 2020, we started to get a little bit more of the finance crowd. Now this is Raas. This is as finance as it gets. So I wonder as the price goes up, do they actually sell? Are they rebalancing on the way up? And so it takes a little bit of the edge off.
Speaker F: On the upside, I think thats possible. But also think about the crowd that got a financialized in 2020. Again, mainly the millennial crowd. Theres 110 million Coinbase accounts and when I checked six months ago, only 9 million were active. Speaking to the guys at Coinbase, theyre like, yeah, in normal activity itll get to 35 40 million and the top will grow as well. So theres a lot of money still to come in of people who participated last time around, have that interest, still have PTSD, well come back in. So maybe that offsets it. I dont know. I also have a feeling the applications layer of blockchain is going to bring in a lot more use case. So im thinking of this cycle as maybe everything everywhere, all at one cycle, when people have different unlocks for nfts or inscriptions or different unlocks for smart contracts and some of the other things, and they can use it for everything from whether it's ticketing to real world assets. So it just depends how far that applications layer goes. If the applications layer doesn't make much progress this cycle, then you're dead right. We'll see. Rebalancing. Don't forget, they're also going to be issuing options on the ETF, and that changes the structure of markets as well. Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners.
Speaker G: We'll be right back.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30. 30 Baby get 30 baby get 20. 2020 Baby get 2020 better get 15. 1515, just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try@mintmobile.com.
Speaker C: Switch $45 up front for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited more than 40gb per month slows full terms@mintmobile.com. dot.
Speaker E: Explain that more because I don't think a lot of people understand maybe the blessing and the curse of this ETF approval.
Speaker F: Yeah. So what you've done, and it was always going to happen, is bitcoin's now become financialized when it wasn't really, it still had purity to it. Now it doesn't mean it's impure because of this, but you've allowed a financialization layer. I what thats going to mean is that they are going to offer leveraged products on it. Now options are defined risk products, but what you end up with is in a very high volatility product, we get a lot of volatility sellers and it dampens the market because theyre always hedging. That hedging structure can really change the nature of markets. Sometimes it creates acceleration points because everybody's short and suddenly the price goes through and everyone has to buy everything back. Other times, just by the ongoing selling of yield, selling of premium for yield, it slows down the whole market itself. So I do think that's a bigger deal than people expect. But the casino for options on ETF's is going to be quite amusing for a while as well, because if you think about how much the Robin Hood crowd use options on tech stocks are they going to go wild on this stuff? And theyve not been able to. For Americans, it was really hard. Derabit was not accessible to Americans. Theyre now going to start using options. I dont know when that launches, but itll happen at some point. That brings in all the market making firms and the investment banks, all of these other financial players.
Speaker E: One of the other aspects that obviously drives price of not only bitcoin, but most assets around the world is liquidity and interest rates. And maybe a shocking thing. If I had said to you in the beginning of 2020, hey, theyre going to cut interest rates and asset prices are going to rise, youd say, okay, that makes sense. But then if I told you at the end of 2021, theyre going to raise the interest rates to 5.5% and the stock markets still going to go to an all time high. Bitcoins going to go up hundreds of percent off the bottom. I think a lot of people be like, that doesnt make any sense. How can interest rates be high, but also asset prices are still continuing to grow? Whats happening there?
Speaker F: So this is the difficulty people have with different time horizons. So interest rates are set by the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve operates in core inflation land, which is driven by core inflation, unemployment, which is driven by stuff like owner equivalent rents and stuff. All of this stuff is lagged. And so the Fed operate in that, that lags. Stuff like crypto and tech stocks are trading on liquidity and future liquidity. So financial conditions, they eased a long time ago. So people looking at the Fed saying, well, when the Fed raised or when the Fed cut, that's not relevant. What's actually relevant is what the financial conditions are doing, which have been loosening massively. And liquidity has been rising. Whether you use Fed net liquidity or broader measures or M two, theyre all rising on a global basis. And the global basis is another key thing most people miss because they look at the US only. But if we look at this cycle, whos got the biggest economic problems right now is China. So they probably have the biggest bazooka to fire to try and get their economy going, then its probably the Europeans, then the US. It feels that way. But weve seen liquidity. I managed to catch the bottom in crypto and tech last year because of liquidity had bottomed the moment it bottomed. EtH bottomed first and then the whole space bottomed, including tech in October. It's just been following that liquidity cycle ever since. Using my forward looking projections based around this everything code thesis it should continue all the way into 2025 and crypto should continue to price that.
Speaker E: What is the everything code?
Speaker F: The everything code is a thesis that I put together after 30 years of work, where it came randomly. We all know the worlds broker and theres all the debt and the demographics and stuff you and I have talked about many times. I started looking at the ISM, the business cycle. So the institute supply manager survey, and it was like fucking clockwork every four years. And that stopped me in my tracks. Like this didnt exist beforehand. And then I realized that what had happened in 2008 was a debt jubilee, where every central bank said well cut rates to zero so you dont need to pay the interest. Think of it in those terms, because there was too much debt. So every government around the world resets their debt to three to five year sector. And that leads to this four year cycle which is the same as the presidential cycle and its the same as the halving cycle. Because bitcoin was born out of that, right. So everything is now perfectly cyclical. And that wont change until we solve the debt problem. Once you understand that, you can then forward look where liquidity is going to go. Because if were repeating the same cycle. You just use the old cycle, map it forwards for ism and it gives you a forward look on assets. And if thats the case then its a real code. Now what I found within this was that the use of the balance sheet by all of the central banks was just for one thing, to pay the interest on the debt of the previous cycle. So they are just debasing the currency in the purest simplest form. Which is why we all make so much money out of crypto because it does the best, because its got technological adoption, its a scarce asset. So it does phenomenally well when they debase. So liquidity comes in. Thats great. Debasing the currency is super great. Weve now got coming forwards. If we look forwards, weve now got all the COVID interest payments to make. You cannot do them at 5.5%. We saw that before the bond market freaked out. There's no way you can finance it without all the debt payments going exponential. So the Fed have to bring rates down and it's going to end up on the central bank balance sheet as it always does. Because there's no other way. Because if you think about how the world works, is GDP growth trend. GDP growth in the US is 1.75%, the governments 100% of GDP in debt, its actually more. But for easy maths, if interest rates are 5%, thats 5% of GDP that needs to pay the interest. But growth is only growing at 1.75. So youd have negative growth. Oh but the private sector is another 100 and something percent of GDP in debt. So theyre competing for the same GDP to pay the interest. So something has to give. And what gives is the government side ends up on the balance sheet. So this was all this big thesis I found from the everything code that made everything explainable, why asset prices rise, why is it becoming predictable? Why have we got these cycles and what's really going on, which is the debasement and debasement to think about. They're doing it about 15% a year on average. So they could have either raised taxes by 15% to get the payments, which is politically unacceptable in an age like now. So instead they just flip the coins and debase the currency. And people dont really notice. They just notice that the rich get richer because they can afford scarce assets and the poor get left behind, which is creating this huge political divide as well.
Speaker E: How do you think measuring inflation is done best by the average person? Is it asset prices? Is it CPI? Is it something like a trufflation? Is it something else? When you try to get at what is the actual inflation rate, what do.
Speaker F: You look at, Preston? I think theres two inflations and each person has a different inflation. Your inflation rate is different than mine, but I think theres two inflations. One is the inflation versus your income, which is what we saw last year. The cost of goods rises faster than your income, so you have less discretionary spending power. Thats what caused the economic slowdown. That was the shit show that happened in 2021. 2022 asset inflation is different. Your future self is poorer. What an asset is, is a way of tying up your capital in something with an expected return. So in a future date youre hoping to be wealthier. The issue is there. So with this regular inflation, which I dont think is sticky, I think it falls back again. Doesnt mean that the prices come down, but the rate of inflation comes down. This asset inflation is more pernicious and its the thing that people dont understand. If you go and speak to your parents and say how many times your income would it cost to buy a house? When they were in their mid thirties they would say three times, four times. You ask a 35 year old now how many times your income would buy a house? It's like 1012, 1415 times, right? So their future selves are poorer because they can't buy that house. I think that is more destructive over the long run. They're both constructive, but this is bad.
Speaker E: Yeah, I completely agree. You also have this new motto phrase dont fuck this up. What is that? And what is that really? I think reinforcing to people as we go into 2024 and 2025.
Speaker F: Preston, look, youve been around this for a long time. Weve all made the mistakes and everybody makes mistakes. Its very hard dealing with an asset, lets say crypto that is very volatile, but when it runs, it really runs. You become overwhelmed by emotion. Fomo, you see your friends bought that 100 x dog coin and youre like, I want some of that. You want to look for 100 xs as opposed to just own some bitcoin and if you want to own some ETH and a few of the big projects and just buy and hold. But people dont do it. They want to start trading it because they think they can make more money. Also they custody things wrong. People start thinking, I want the extra 5% yield by sticking into some project of which they know nothing about the security of and the dont fuck this up is dont let somebody take your tokens, dont trade and hold quality assets. If you can do that with 90% of your portfolio, you will do well. Keep 10% to be a total filthy degen. Do what the hell you want because that will go to zero. Weve all got the wallet of shame. Every single one of us has a wallet of shame, of shrapnel left for the previous cycle that didn't do anything. So don't fuck it up. He's trying to protect people from themselves. And so we've actually even issued an NFT which is free. So it's in your wallet and it's a video of me saying don't fuck this up. So when people go in their wallets, there's me looking at them disapprovingly trying to say, look, don't fuck this up. So if people want to do that, you also get the subscription to the free subscription to the real vision platform. But its free. So go to realvision.com pomp. Get the do not fuck this up. Dont fuck this up. Nft its free but its the most valuable nft youll have because itll stop you doing the stupid shit that you know youll do when you lose your mind.
Speaker E: I love it.
Speaker F: Im just trying to help people is really in the essence, im trying to help people because I think weve maybe got two more cycles left at best. And this is a game changer. And as we talked about most young people can't afford, they're now starting to have kids. They've got kids schooling, university. They can't afford a house. If they do, they have to move miles outside, further away. They can afford less of the s and p than their parents could, all of that stuff. So here is the chance to increase your probability of your future self living up to that image you've got, which is people want a comfortable retirement. They want their kids to go through school. They want a house to live in. They want to be able to pay their medical bills. Well, if you just don't fuck this up, you can do that. It's not a guarantee, but there's a high chance.
Speaker E: So the message that you're sharing is shared in a very specific way. We also now are seeing other people can enter the space and share their message, their advertising, their marketing, in a very specific way. Most notably, Blackrock's new commercial is basically a guy who is standing there, no tie, but the blazer, the jacket, the nice, like almost like elevator music playing in the background. And it literally, if you don't even listen to what he says, he's, you just know, it's okay, Blackrock's here. We got you. It is now okay to buy this ETF, which is in direct opposition from pretty much every other issuer's ads, which have been all about innovation and disruption and, you know, bitcoin ethos, et cetera. Do we need both, or will the Blackrock style approach actually suck in a ton of capital that maybe the others couldnt actually reach?
Speaker F: So I think its a matter of demographics. Which demographic are you trying to reach? So if youre Vaneck, youre trying to reach young people, right? Fidelity. Abigail Johnsons made it very clear in fidelity that she wants to attract young people and give them the products that they need for their financial success. So that's why those guys tend to skew younger. Blackrock is going for that classic RAA mutual fund from Ohio kind of product. And that's exactly the right messaging that they need. So I think it's, look, as you know, this product, bitcoin itself, is so disruptive and so broad based that it needs multi messaging. It can't just be, it's digital gold. It can't just be, this is a new system. It has to be a number of different narratives. And actually, I know there's a big philosophical hand wringing about an ETF. And is this really what we signed up for? I just think of it as the trade deal. We're bringing capital into the space to finance new projects, and that allows us to move the whole thing forwards. When you hear Larry Fink talking about the tokenization of all assets, you know it's moving forwards. And the more capital that comes into the space, the more people can build. So, yes, it's suboptimal, but we need that capital from Fiat world and get it into crypto land so we can create this new system we all want. Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners, and then we'll be right back.
Speaker H: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what. With each vendor, Ramp's software collects and verifies receipts instantly to save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments, time consuming tasks, which means youll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If youre a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions youve ever made. Get dollar 250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy ramp.com easy ramp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank.
Speaker C: And Celtic bank members of DIC.
Speaker H: Terms and conditions apply.
Speaker G: All of us together are living through the death of an old world and the birth of a new one. This is a fourth turning. But this is not the foreturning of demographics or politics. This is the birth of the new technological age. This new world has a world of 3d printed rockets, crypto payments in space, discussions on the rights for humanoid robots, machine intelligence that may outperform our own simulated worlds where autonomous AI agents write code for other autonomous AI agents. It's a world full of opportunity and full of difficulty, too. You see, we are living history, and it's happening much, much faster than any of us can comprehend. This is Reid's law, Metcalfe's law squared. Humanity has never gone through anything like this, but we have to comprehend and understand what is happening. It is into this world that the exponentialist is born. The exponentialist is a new service from me, Raoul Powell and David Matin, author of New World, same humans it's an Almanac of the fastest period of change ever witnessed in the human history. A period of excitement, exhilaration, difficulty and terror. And the exponentialist really is for humans first and investors second. Yes, the opportunities are enormous all round. To find out more and get our special launch pricing, go to realvision.com. the future.
Speaker E: So I want to push further into the industry. If you're a bitcoin maximalist, you could shut off the episode now because we're going to talk about things you don't like in terms of kind of pushing a little bit further out on the risk curve. I think that there is a debate between Ethereum, Solana, and a plethora of new challengers that are coming up. How do you think about technology? And is there going to be a winner take all on the technology front? And then how do you think about capital allocation from an investor seat? And do you own both or more? Do you own one? Do you try to predict? How are you thinking about those?
Speaker F: It's bloody hard. Right. So it's fine when you get through the second cycle. That's why I was a very overweight Solana, because I could see it survived the worst nuclear winter and the developers were very active, the community was very active. And then they made some big tech breakthroughs with being able to mint a million nfts for $100 and then fire dancer, which kind of changes the entire game again in terms of speed and cost. I think thats why ive backed that horse and still having bitcoin and still having ethereum. And then theres a bunch of new stuff. How did Sui and say and Polygon and theres so many things. And the answer is I dont know. Its difficult. Thats one of the reasons I set up the asset management business. Ive got exponential, agent asset management, was because this bit is difficult. It's easy to own the top three or four and not fuck it up. It's very difficult to choose the winners unless you're in it all day understanding everything. And so the idea I had was to start an asset management business that just invests in crypto hedge funds. So it's a funder fund. So they actually are doing the work to find that, because otherwise it's actually really difficult to do. And again, we've all got proof in our wallets that we thought we were onto the next big thing and it wasn't. But in terms of, is it a winner takes all? I just think we cant tell. I doubt it. I doubt it. I think different chains will be used for different things, but itll probably end up being a total of five take 80% of the market Preston whats also.
Speaker E: Interesting to me is if you go and you take a look at maybe tokens or chains that everyone has laughed at and thinks is somewhat stupid, you can see that over the last year, lets call it Tron, is up 82% all time. Its up 5400%. If you were to go talk to people in the crypto community, most of them for a very long time would be like what? Nobody uses that, et cetera. The reason why its interesting is because its actually the most popular blockchain for stablecoins. Thats right Preston so there is a very big divergence between the data and what is actually being adopted from a use case standpoint and then what I would call the investment case. So this one seems to be dispelling the narrative of nobody uses that because obviously its the most popular for stable coins, but it hasnt necessarily outperformed from a financial perspective just owning bitcoin or any of these other assets. And so to your point, theres a complexity of not only understanding where is usage happening where developers etcetera, but that doesnt always necessarily translate to the best returns either. So you have to really balance some of these things and think through that complexity.
Speaker F: Preston XRP is another one. It has use. Theres plenty of use, but its not the best performing asset. Its just, its a blockchain that gets used. Theres a bunch of others with big market caps that arent used at all just for, for fun. You can use Doge. Elon may use doge for payment systems or whatever, some way, shape or form, but Doge's got huge market cap just driven by retail investors. It's bananas. But this is the space we're in.
Speaker E: How do you think about investing in the memes? I talked to Joe McCann. One of the big things he basically talks about is it's very George Soros esque in the sense of when you see the bubble rush in, these memes take hold in crypto in some weird way. It feels like people not only are willing to share the meme, theyre willing to signal theyre part of a group, but also because theyve seen 100 x 1000 x so many times, then once theyre in the meme, they almost become the cult member they really hold. They believe it is going, which has that reflexive drive on the price. How much of maybe the work that you all do in terms of investing is, I'll call it fundamentals, developers, chain activity et cetera, versus understanding more of the meme landscape and where capital is going to flow based on the narratives.
Speaker F: Listen, I think the whole space, the meme is really important. I mean, the best meme bitcoin ever had was not digital gold. Its number go up. I mean, thats such a powerful meme, right. And people get it. And so memes are really important because these are new things and people dont know how to really place them in the mental framework. But then its kind of a child of the Internet, too. So dog with hat is the big meme coin of the moment, William, and thats fine. Its kind of pure speculation and culture. Its the value of culture. But the problem is, it can die so quick. The culture of one thing and others are pervasive, doge, so it is really hard to do. But my God, you can make a lot of money. And in my 10% DGM portfolio, ive got a couple of those that are just memes I think could work, but it actually takes a lot of work. So a few of my friends are really good at doing this. They really focus on the meme. I try and look at the meme that might run for a year or a year and a half, as opposed to the meme, because some of these will do 50 x in a month and then disappear. So again, it's hard, and I don't like people to do it unless they really know what they're doing or if do do it with the 10%, because that's one way of fucking it up. You just think you're on to the next hundred x, you put all your cash in, you get rug pulled or whatever, and before you know it, you've lost all your money.
Speaker E: Another maybe investment strategy or idea that ive been thinking a lot about is the public market obviously has now turned and realized, well, if these crypto assets are going to run, then companies in that industry probably are going to do pretty well as well. And weve seen the public miners outperform bitcoin. Weve seen Coinbase outperform bitcoin over the last 1213 months. I dont know if that continues to happen or not. But if you dig into that a little bit further, it seems like the public market still does not quite yet understand crypto native revenue. And ill give you maybe three examples, one being Coinbase. You understand the exchange revenue, you understand the custody revenue, but then they have the new blockchain base, and theres a bunch of revenue thats coming from there. And if you dont quite understand that, crypto native component, you may actually miss and under expect what Coinbase could do because of that. Revenue miners, if theyre mining and the price of bitcoin goes up two x and nothing else changes, their revenue in dollars will go up two x because the revenue is denominated in bitcoin. So again, kind of a crypto native component. And then a lot of these asset management firms, they're not just making money on, let's call it 50 basis points or 100 basis points. If they have assets that are involved in staking or other types of activity, there's additional revenue that they're able to derive, which again, if you just use the legacy kind of traditional framework, you would miss in terms of underwriting this. And so how do you think about public market investing in crypto related equity given what we've seen so far?
Speaker F: So firstly, now the ETF is out, maybe some of these things don't outperform, but some of them naturally do. Miners do, because it's the same with gold miners. Once the gold price goes up and you cover the cost of electricity, before, you know, they start compounding money, the ETF will mean some of those flows get taken away so people don't use proxies. So stuff like microstrategies might trade at a slight discount. But I think you're right, the market doesn't yet because the investment banks didn't do the research on this stuff. So it all flows down from the authentication by the investment banks, that flows down to the asset management firms who then decide to allocate. And that's been thin on the ground because they've not really touched crypto. So I do think as more companies come public, I know circle is probably the next one, there'll be a bunch of these coming public. And I think that means that the investment banks will treat it as a full sector and then they will start advising clients. And so we will understand these things better. Maybe they all get repriced in this cycle to a better pricing strategy.
Speaker E: What about nfts? I know you've been pretty bullish on those over time. What do you think about that market and where that's going?
Speaker F: So nfts are just assets that lag, if you think of art nfts, right? The expensive stuff, like all of the punk behind me, that stuff is a function of discretionary income, much like Rolex. Watches have been going down, as has fine wine, as has secondhand cars, as has nfts punks. And I chart all of this stuff and look at them and they just lag the economy because right now markets aren't at all time highs. People don't have, they don't want to start social signaling yet by buying the fancy Rolex or the punk or whatever. So it just lags. So I think we've been bottoming for a while in those assets, but I think nfts this cycle, I think we will see, and you and I have talked about this before, uses stuff like ticketing, just scale uses of smart contracts. I think we will see that because the technology now enables it so it doesn't have to be super expensive. We've also seen the rise of inscriptions and ordinals and that kind of stuff, which is really interesting. Right now we're just in the experimentation phase, but people will figure out, okay, what really needs to be inscribed on the bitcoin blockchain versus what doesn't need to be that kind of stuff. And I think it's really interesting.
Speaker E: Now, when you look at these nfTs, what do you expect the use case to be? Art obviously was the first use case that really took off. Is it just, hey, art on a blockchain or do you think that it's more of memberships and things like that, or maybe something else?
Speaker F: Sure. With the new Solana compressed nfts, and I know others have similar stuff, basically they're cheaper than printing a physical ticket. So now you're going to a baseball game, your ticket's an NFT, you can't go to the event. You can sell it instantly. Okay. You're releasing trapped capital hotel rooms. Another thing, we all booked hotel rooms and suddenly we have to cancel the trip. The hotel won't give you your money back. They lose out because nobody's having a glass of wine and a steak in their restaurant. You've lost out because you've lost your entire money. If it's an NFT, you could have a marketplace and you could exchange the hotel rooms. So I think it's going to release a lot of trap capital out of ticketing stuff like that. Outside of just the cultural stuff we can use it for, I don't see any reason why album covers from music artists, because they're free of all the IP issues of music, which is a nightmare. But the album cover art, why can't those be nfts? So Taylor Swift can can both monetize it or reward people for it. So look, I think theres a lot of use cases and nfts really, if theyre just smart contracts, well, that means all OTC options should be nfts, insurance, the nfTs.
Speaker E: Thats basically what Larry Fink is talking about. And tokenizing all these different assets. People have been around a while. Remember in 2017, I was beating the drum like, look, all this stuff is going to get tokenized. And I think after meeting with tons and tons of institutions, I was like, oh, it's going to happen in 15 years. There was no path. In the short term, what do you think? Do all of these assets get tokenized? And we should expect stocks, bonds, currencies, commodities and everything in between that will eventually be tokenized.
Speaker F: When I first got into bitcoin in 2013, this was my thesis. And here we are ten years later, and it was the last thing to happen. When I thought it was the most obvious first thing to happen, I thought the financial system was going to be first. But regulation, inertia and fear has been the real thing. So they've waited for something bigger to be built, and now people are understanding it. And I think things like, I don't think people understand this. Solana fire dancer. And again, not just picking on Solana because I'm long of it, but it's just like they're thinking that. Solana's theoretical TPS is 65,000 buyer. Dancer takes it to 1 million. It was built by jump trading. And the idea is you can therefore use blockchain for high frequency trading. So therefore it can be used for all exchanges. If you think about the mess of FTX, we need exchanges on blockchain. We need the recorded ownership of assets. When Lehman brothers went under. Everybody's got a claim on the collateral, and theres 35 claims on the same piece of collateral. This sorts it all out. Automatic settlement of everything. Weve seen that in Defi. Defi is a great experiment in showing that everything can automatically settle and contracts can resolve. So it is coming, and it feels that once you speak to Franklin Templeton fidelity, the people at JP Morgan, Blackrock, they are working towards it, but theres been some setbacks as well. Australia tried to put their stock exchange on blockchain rails and gave up. Theres a bunch of people whove tried and given up.
Speaker E: Preston, you sit inside of what ill call the billionaire circle of all these great macro folks who grew up together. What are they talking about? We saw PTJ and Drock come out in 2020 and said they owned bitcoin. Weve seen the Alan Howards of the world multiple times and the moves that their firm has made. And we can go down the list of many, many others. Are they excited? Right now are they sitting on their hands?
Speaker F: Im starting to get phone calls.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker F: Which is interesting, right, once you start to get the phone calls because theres a bunch of them that deep in the space, like Alan, hes deep in the space. A bunch of them have people who are already operating this bucket for them. So theyre always around the Paul Joneses and the Stan Druckenmillers. They'll be periodically in and out. They're agnostic, they get it. But they're traders. You've got the Lewis Bacons of this world who have teams, people doing stuff, as do a bunch of them. But then there's the other kind of billionaire crowd, which is the other hedge fund managers or just the general billionaire crowd. And a lot of them came into it for the first time last cycle, had their metal tested, were like, God, this is not easy. But I know theyll be back. So im getting quite a few phone calls from that crowd as well, which is like, hey, should we get back in and what should I be thinking and how should I be doing it? What does this all mean? So I think theyll all be back in and I think this time around theyll stay because now they understand it. You got to go through a cycle to understand how this asset works. So I think they'll stay this time around and they'll figure out how to deal with it.
Speaker E: I think Alan Howard maybe, or Brevin Howard and Alan. But they look at this as the fifth sleeve of macro. If you go and you talk to a drug or a PTJ, they also are not changing their framework of being a macro investor. This is now just getting plugged in to that framework. Is that what youre seeing across the board as people are saying, look, im a macro investor. This is just now part of that playing field.
Speaker F: Yeah. And ive done a lot of work from this, from global macro investor, which a lot of these guys are all subscribers for. And ive basically proven that cryptos a macro asset, its driven by the same forces of liquidity. And you relentlessly show that theres a narrative which is like, this is funny, Internet money, blah, blah, blah, and you show them its exactly the same forces. So you can use global m two or liquidity, whatever thing, and then you start proving, okay, how do you use the same macro tools and chosen different assets? What are the outcome? And you find that even on a risk adjusted basis, crypto is like five or ten or 20 x better. I think you tweeted it out as well. Fidelity put that hilarious scatterplot of risk rewards of all the assets, all bottom left. And then you dont realize, but you have another look. And right up at the top right is bitcoin. Its right. Its ridiculous.
Speaker E: It looks like a pseudonymous account on Twitter made it as a joke, like it cant be real.
Speaker F: I know, I know its crazy, but its true. And I just wrote about it again in global micro investor this month, just showing, using different measures of risk reward, how good it is. So ive banged that drum so people now realize, okay, I dont need to be scared of it because its driven by the same macro cycle. If its the same macro cycle, then anybody can trade it. And once you understand that, then its just a matter of, okay, how much allocation do I want to the volatility.
Speaker E: Trey, makes complete sense. My last question for you is, outside of the billionaire class, what about the institutions themselves? What do you see there? Whether it is lp style type allocators or maybe even some of the very large hedge funds that we dont know about that are so far interested in this?
Speaker F: I think the main driver of this whole space in terms of private capital has been family offices, because they dont have a mandate. They can do what they want. So weve seen and continue to see the family offices drive the VC business and the hedge fund industry. The institutions are still few and far between. The guys at Texas teachers, theres only a few that have really allocated. Nobodys done a big allocation. Theres a lot of noise that the Middle east is doing stuff, but I dont see many people actually coming back with tickets. So I think thats still to come. It feels that, because if you think about how the world works, even when we look at from ex Pam, the hedge fund side, none of the hedge funds are on the Cambridge associates platforms. And the big platforms, they just havent done crypto. So the traditional way of some giant pension fund going to Cambridge associates, finding what the right hedge funds are and having Cambridge do the due diligence and then allocating doesnt exist right now. So they dont really have a way of doing it unless youve got some sort of pioneers within the shop itself. So it still feels like the major institutions of that type. Well see more this time around. We saw a reasonable amount last time. Well see more this time around. Its probably the cycle after that. I think the ETF is a good thing, because I know theres a lot of rogue fund managers who know that they can hoodwink the risk manager by saying, ive just got an equity. Its called ibit. Its an equity you dont know what it is and its bitcoin right? They will do that. Therell be a bunch of people who do that and eventually theyll get the mandates to do it properly Preston I.
Speaker E: Do think that a huge source of inflows for the bitcoin ETF spot ETF is going to be other ETF's just putting the bitcoin ETF in their portfolio. I dont know what the numbers are, but if youre out there with a mutual fund or an ETF and its been lagging, what better thing to do than put the best risk adjusted asset possible into your portfolio? Even if its a 2% 5% allocation, it doesnt have to be huge, but itll return.
Speaker F: Preston I think thats what Blackrock and Fidelity will do because they run these broad portfolio mandates and they will show the accretive benefits of having bitcoin in a portfolio. What they'll automatically start doing is adding 2% or whatever to client portfolio. That's part of that ongoing bull flows analysis. And we saw this back in the late nineties when Goldman built these GSCI commodity products. Nobody had commodities in their portfolio. They were too volatile. Nobody wanted them cut. A few years later, there's like 100 billion of them have been bought by institutions.
Speaker E: Where can we send people to find you online or look at global macro investor?
Speaker F: Yeah, so you can find me on Twitter owlgmi and then theres links there to all of the other stuff like global microinvestor. Real vision is where you get yourself educated. Weve done a lot together. People should go there. Its free. Weve built this incredible new platform with built in AIH automated transcripts, this whole chat tool with this globe spinning week, and meet members all around the world, all sorts of cool shit. And it's free. So go to realvision.com pomp and there you can get that don't fuck this up nft with me in your wallet trying to save you from yourself, which I think is priceless.
Speaker E: Amazing. Thank you so much for doing this and we'll definitely do it again in the future.
Speaker F: Absolutely my friend. Good to see you.
Speaker D: Hey everybody. Today's real vision program is sponsored by Engrave, maker of the coldest hardware wallet in zero and stainless steel backup graphene. Engrave brings you the highest security in a touchscreen experience. To safely manage all of your crypto offline, enjoy a 10% real vision discount in Engrave IO shop with the code real vision.
