Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30, 30 baby get 30 baby get 20. 2020 baby get 2020. Bid to get 15.
Speaker B: 1515 just $15 a month, so give.
Speaker A: It a try at Mint mobile.com switch. $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com dot welcome.
Speaker C: To Portal Asset Management's monthly webinar. Portal seeks to bring you conversations with some of the leading digital asset creators, commentators and regulators. It is a place to be inquisitive, questioning and engaged. Portal's webinars are broadcast live and are then made available on all major podcast platforms. My name is Derek Graham and I am the CEO of Portal Asset Management and hosting the webinar is is Mister Mark Witten, CIO of Portal Asset Management. Please be aware that neither portal, its guests or listeners are providing financial advice. Good morning, good evening, good afternoon, wherever you are in the world, and welcome along to Portal Asset Management's monthly webinar. My name is Derek Graham, I'm CEO of Portal Asset Management, and Portal Asset Management of course is the founder and advisor to three funds in the digital asset space. The first fund is our flagship fund which is the portal digital fund which is a fund of institutional grade hedge funds that invest across the crypto asset space. The fund has a volatility of around 25% and has outperformed the market over the past three years. The second fund is the Radiance multistrategy fund, which directly invests in what the research team considered to be the best of tokens within each sector. Layer one, layer two, Web 3.0, Defi, Metaverse, etcetera. Its volatility is some 30% to 50% and the final fund is the Horizon Index Fund, which is a simple weighted index fund covering the top 25 tokens less stablecoins reweighted each month. The outcome of three funds offering broad exposure to crypto assets at different levels of volatility to meet each chosen portfolio risk, appetite, all have 30 day redemption with following monthly liquidity. But a big part of what we do here at Portal Asset Management is be part of the community and share education. We do this via our weekly podcast beyond Bitcoin and you'll see Nitin Gower with us today. Our CTO, he and I do beyond bitcoin together each week, and that's available on all podcast platforms and on YouTube, our monthly blockchain breakfast, and of course our monthly portal webinars with guest, special guest speakers tonight. We're delighted to have another outstanding speaker, and he is one of my favorite commentators in the space. To introduce him, please welcome Mark Witten, CIO of portal Asset management. Over to you, Mark.
Speaker D: Thank you very much. So thanks for joining us. Raul, slowly for the slight delay this morning. It's a bit of a comedy of errors. We've been following and been subscribing to your real vision website and webinars for the past two years. We found them invaluable, a really great insight both on the macro and on the crypto side. Just to introduce you to our wider audience, Raoul has held several senior roles in the financial markets over the past 32 years, from running equity and equity derivative sales to hedge funds at Goldman's, as well as to finding and managing a global macro hedge fund for GLG partners, which is one of the largest hedge fund firms in the world. In 2005, he began publishing the global macro investor GMI, which was a world known and renowned institutional investment strategy publication read by the world's biggest hedge funds, asset managers and family offices, which he still publishes to this day. And in 2014, Ralco founded Real Vision, the preeminent financial media platform and community, and that covers extensively both traditional asset markets and digital assets, as well as traditional asset markets. And he's in the process now of turning real vision into web three community, which we're really pleased to be part of. Raoul has been investing in crypto and digital assets since 2013, when he wrote the first ever macroeconomic analysis of bitcoin in GMI, and in 2020, when he co founded two new businesses to capture opportunities in the rise of web three exponential age asset management, which is an asset management firm that invests in digital asset hedge funds and science and magic studios, which is a token venture studio that creates token economies and participates in the world's large cultural communities, music, sports, entertainment and fashion, which we think is probably going to be one of the largest growth areas going forward. So Raoul currently lives in the Cayman Islands and he's been gracious enough to join us early this morning. And we welcome you just to kind of get things going, just, you know, biographies often destiny. I just thought we'd maybe start off with how did you get into crypto? What sort of attracted you to it? And sort of your evolution in the space over the past call a decade.
Speaker A: Yeah, mine's quite a good story. I was in Spain in 2008. I moved to Spain 2005 and was there up until 2014 and writing global macro investor. I was at the epicenter of the financial system. I came from Goldman and this huge hedge fund. I knew everybody and my analysis led me to forecast that the financial crisis was coming and then the european crisis. And theres all of us at the center of the financial system knowing what was going on, but nobody else did. And it caught people by surprise. In Europe, we almost lost our entire banking system and almost all the sovereign debt blew up. I mean, it was super serious at the time. And I realized that the financial system was broken. There was excessive debts that could never be solved. And I thought, well, what are we going to do about this? I mean, my journey actually bifurcated. I thought, I need to educate people, which was the start of real vision. But I want to do something about the security of assets, because if we don't own stuff that we think we own, we've got nothing. And the Lehman crisis told us about rehypothecation and the lack of ownership of assets. And then in Europe, when they took your money out of the cypriot banking system and just gave everybody a haircut when you're supposed to be a depositor, terrified me. So I joined up with a few family offices and we thought we were going to solve this by setting up the world's safest bank that had no lending against it. So you basically just hold us treasuries, etcetera. It was actually really hard to do. And we went around a number of countries, Singapore, Switzerland, the UK, the US, on that endeavor. When somebody tapped me on the shoulder in 2012 and said, hey, listen, you should look at bitcoin. And id seen the rise of bitcoin. But I dug into it and realized that there were two components here that were really interesting. One was the scarce asset itself could play a role like gold in the financial system. But the blockchain, that's what got me interested, because I thought, well, if this is the proven recorded ownership of everything, then the entire financial industry, that was my understanding at the time, the entire financial industry could go on blockchain rails. And we solve a lot of problems because, you know, at the end of the daisy chain of collateral, who owns what? So I dug in, wrote the first macro paper, 2013, because I want to understand, okay, how the hell do you value this thing? And around the time of the bitcoin white paper, there was a talk about it being digital gold. So I thought, okay, well, lets do the analysis of the above ground supply of gold, the known global reserves, and then back that out versus bitcoin. Bitcoin in 2013, when I wrote the piece, was $200, and my analysis said on a fair value basis versus gold, it would be worth a million dollars. And that was with gold at the time around 1300. So not a million miles from where we are today. So it's like, okay, wow, this is the best risk reward I've ever seen in my entire career. But I have to assume I'm a complete idiot. So I discount myself by 90% and say, okay, your analysis says 1 million. Let's assume all your maths are wrong. You're totally stupid. Let's call it 100 grand. At 100 grand with a $200 price, it was still the best risk award I'd ever, ever seen in my entire life. So I bought it and I held it and it went up five x in six weeks. And obviously I'm now thinking, I'm George Soros, I'm probably the best investor the world has ever seen, maybe. And then it falls 85%. But my hypothesis, I'm a long term macro guy, so I don't really care about that. I treat it like an option. I figured it could go to zero. This is very early days. We had to get through Mount Gox and all of the stuff that we've been through within this space. So I was like, I don't care if it goes to zero. Sized it accordingly and it fell 85%, but I was still interested in it and continued to watch it. And then before you know it, 2017 comes along and it's now up ten x from where I bought it. And this was the time of the fucking wars. This is when they're trying to fork bitcoin to different chains. And I'm like, I don't really understand what even this means. We now have a better understanding of how this all works, but we didn't then. And I'm like, I'm going to get out. I've made ten times my money. It's been a fantastic bet amount. It then went up another ten x. So I got out of 2000, it goes up to 20,000, which was mind blowing. But again, I was like, it's fine. But I had a hypothesis that this was not dead. It was going to go through a cycle, it had gone through a hype cycle. It needs to calm down. Again, we fall like 85%. And my hypothesis was that macro and crypto were going to meet because I came into this space saying, we need this asset. The next recession, once the money printing starts again and the unease over who owns what surfaces again, it's going to come to importance. So 2020 comes along, March 2020. Bitcoin drops. It's in this beautiful chart pattern. I get long again, this time irresponsibly long. I put 100% of my liquid net worth into it, and off we went. And then my hypothesis built out as I started to understand much deeper about ethereum understanding network effects, how to price cryptocurrencies, because the market was floundering to do that. And I figured out this Metcalfe's law thing. So I'm doing a lot of work on that, understanding how these networks grow, what it all means. And then my privileged position in the middle of real vision and the middle of the entire web three community has allowed me to learn from the best of the best about where the hell this is all going. As we talked about earlier on, the tokenization of culture, all sorts of things, from ticketing through to the metaverse, is all ahead of us, and people are building fast.
Speaker B: So I had a question on this, Raul. I've been following your work for quite some time, and I think your stance on bitcoin. I think being in the industry for such a long time, having built various systems, I think when it came to your analysis of bitcoin as digital gold and what you've looked into as inflation hedge in early days, and that all made sense. But love to get your perspective on how do you see the variance of price and value with nfts. So, tokenization of culture, and you've been quite vocal in terms of the value of these nfts, especially the pfps that have emerged. And where I have struggled with both as a technologist as well as looking into this as an investment instrument, is the valuation of these things. Nfts are meant to be unique, meant to be things that are valuable to an individual from their perspective, just like our cultures are. So how do you put a value to it as an investment instrument? I think a lot of your analysis was more towards that. This is the future. This is where we're heading. I'd love to get your perspective.
Speaker A: Now. There's two perspectives on nfts. One is, because of you being a CTO, you're a systems thinker. There is no systematic way to understand how people price culture. You would never come up with the price of a Louis Vuitton handbag or a Damien Hirst piece of art, because they're mainly driven by human emotion, greed, tribalism the desire to feel status. These things are very hard to price. Let's go back to first principles, because that will probably help you understand this. What is it about nfts that's so powerful? So in a digital world, we have excess of abundance. Think of cloud compute, think of mobile data costs, think of anything in the digital world. They essentially go to zero in value. So everything goes to zero that gets digitized because of Moore's law and a bunch of other reasons. Now that is a huge problem if we're living in a digital world. Here we are on this Zoom call, we're all around the world. It's incredible value because it cost us basically nothing to do on a data network. That basically costs us nothing. So how the hell is this all going to work? Nfts stop that. They anchor and create scarcity in a digital world of no scarcity. That's the big breakthrough here. Just because it came from art is irrelevant. It's the digital scarcity in a world where everything else digital goes to zero, creates investable assets. But how do you value these things? Well, how do you value a community? I don't know, it's difficult. Behind me, I've got a bunch of NFTs displayed in my token frame. Some of those are communities that I'm interested in, others are experiments that I'm interested in, like yuga Labs that runs board ape yacht club, amongst other things. I'm experiencing, I'm interested in can they build a media brand from the ground up? I don't really think it's a community. I think it's a media brand. Okay, that's very interesting. And that was probably the fastest accretion of value ever seen. It was 250,000% by the original board. Eight yacht club holders in a year. I've never seen anything like that. Is it worth that? Possibly, but I don't know. We have to see do they get the traction in the underlying value of that community? Others are smaller communities where basically it's a membership. Many people here on this call will have paid ridiculous amounts of money to the membership of a golf course. For me, the membership of a golf course should have negative value because I. I don't like golf and I don't like golf culture. So here we have a difference in pricing. Negative value I'll pay to take it off my hands, and somebody else will pay anything to get that debenture, to be a debenture holder of a fancy golf club in Melbourne or somewhere, some old golf club. So it's the value that that club holds to you, the people, the network, what it represents for you, all of those things. These things are really difficult to understand. Thats why people are grasping. I think over time well develop some models of understanding, and I think its going to be about Metcalfes law. But because we have a scarce supply of these assets, we need to understand some sort of scarcity model as well. So im not sure weve yet been able to model those out. So I dont really know the answer yet, which is why I dont invest massively in the space. I have some nfts because I'm interested in the culture and where it's going, and it makes me have a skin in the game to follow it.
Speaker B: Raoul, that's brilliant. Thank you, Raoul.
Speaker D: Raul, you often say that the three things that make the crypto markets move is, number one, it's the macro, and then number two is liquidity. And then three would be the sort of network adoption and usage. The macro at the moment is to see things as they are, not worse than they are. The macro is challenging. I'm not 100% incongruous thinking that inflation has peaked. I still get concerned around food and potentially fertilizer and energy and the sort of deindustrialization we're seeing in Europe, causing inflation to be a bit stickier than we expect. But crypto, particularly bitcoin, has held up really well in it, hasn't made new lows relative to the last time we saw rates go above 3%. So I thought maybe we could just get your views on, number one, a little bit on the macro environment, and then number two, looking forward, I know that one of your latest webinars was quite bullish on avalanche. I'd be keen to understand why from a network adoption and usage perspective, where you see things going.
Speaker A: So the macro, the macro is bloody awful. Its the largest, most concentrated tightening of rates that I think weve seen almost in history. We have the largest tightening of financial conditions on a broad measure, as opposed to a lot of people use the Goldman measure. Thats not that broad because it uses equity markets and its a weird feedback loop between equities and that. But what I did was use the rate of change of rates, the rate of change of the dollar, and the rate of change of commodity prices, and it gives you an understanding of how tight money is. The other way you can look at it is the number of central banks as a percentage of total central banks raising rates. Those kinds of things give us a growth shock that is ahead, that we're starting to see that is quite sharp and severe. So we're talking about something where GDP growth falls 3% or so. So a really decent sized recession. But it looks like my forward looking indicator suggests that the bottom of this growth shock comes actually pretty soon, like March 2023. And so if the bottom comes, then you get the recovery side. So to David Rosenberg's point, it ends up being about 18 months or two years, because we probably started some sort of recession at the beginning of this year. So the macro is bad now and is going to get worse. The narrative you will see is, well, the macros about to get terrible. All assets must fall. But once you start doing things like doing the year on year rate of change of the S and P or the Nasdaq, they're actually pricing in an ISm, the Institute of Supply manager survey of about 40. So thats pretty severe recession as it is. Could they price in a bit further? Could it be one lower stab? Sure. But these are forward looking assets, and what they look for is the turn. Why the turn? Because thats somewhere in the next six months, the central banks will most likely go, okay, unemployment is coming up, inflation is coming down. We have to look after our mandates are unemployment and inflation. Inflation is going to be maybe stickier or higher. I don't believe it will be. I think it actually goes negative. But unemployment is going to be coming up. We need to at least stop. Okay, so if we stop quantitative tightening, if we stop raising rates, what we're going to get is, sorry, I think, visceral, you might be able to mute them from there. If the rate of change stops, youve stopped the pressure on markets. Now, it doesnt mean they explode higher. Its not 2021 all over again. But if the pressure stops because the rate change, because QT stops and they stop raising rates because they want to see how bad this is. Okay, so the probabilities then come of rate cuts, or if not, at least it's going to be stability. They're unlikely to raise rates higher. Okay, so that's generally good for risk assets because they're forward looking. So that's where it comes into crypto. So crypto is really interesting. Same with technology stocks is they are in an exponential logarithmic uptrend because they are network adoption models. So in technology stocks, we've got the relentless, ongoing, ridiculous pace of rise of AI, robotics, EV space, Internet of things, five g, six g. I mean, genetic sciences, all of these things are all coming together at the same time. It's the fastest pace of change humanity will ever go through. I mean, its hard enough for us to deal with on societal level, but thats not stopping. Part of that is blockchain technology, digital assets, theyre in the same exponential trend, but maybe even faster, because crypto, with 300 million users, is the fastest adoption of any technology the world has ever seen. Twice the speed of the Internet, if you can visualize, is youve basically got this massive uptrend that is exponential in nature. But when you put it on a log trend, it's quite nice and smooth. But you've got these big swings. Those big swings are driven by the macro. So what we've done is we're at the bottom of the macro cycle. The beach ball is now being held underwater. But don't forget, every day there's new people building in the ecosystem, there's new adoption. People like Ticketmaster have issued 10 million nfts without anybody realizing. The scale of what is happening is ridiculous. So the beach ball is held underwater. The moment quantitative tightening or rate rises stop, the beach ball rises above the water. You can't hold it down. And so that is why I am incredibly interested at this moment in time, right here, right now, because I think we're getting very close to the point where growth implodes. We've already seen two quarters of negative GDP in the US. We've already seen housing rollover, we've already seen supply chain issues ease. We've already seen most commodity prices fall 50%. We've already seen the dollar explode higher. The dollar is hugely deflationary because the largest exporting nations in the world, Japan, Germany, China, have all seen their currencies decline massively. So they're now selling finished goods at much lower prices. So the macro turn is very close. When we look at on chain analytics, we start to see things that only ever happen in these massive bear market sell offs. The 2014 sell off, the 2017 sell off, stuff like that. We also, at the bottom of the logarithmic trend channel, two standard deviations oversold. That's usually a good one. We're at the five year exponential moving average. That level has proven to be about the best risk reward you can ever find. Things like, if we use technical analysis, things like the RSI are as oversold as they have been at the bottom of every other cycle. So weve got this massively oversold crypto market. At the time where the macro narrative is at peak, everyones like inflation is going to be 20% forever, and Europeans are going to be dying in the streets because there's no food and they're going to, they can't afford to heat their houses. Right? That's the narrative right now. Okay, so how much worse can this be? At any rate of change means that the risk reward of digital assets from here, normally, when you get to these confluence of events, the risk reward is somewhere between 20 to 50 x. Now, it depends where you are on the risk curve, which is going to ask the second part of your question mark. So bitcoin is the least attractive asset because it has least attractive of the major assets, because it has more stability, further network effects. Therefore, as you get further network effects, your growth comes down over time. So where would bitcoin go in the next cycle? Who knows? But lets say 200,000. But then we look at the network adoption effects in Ethereum. How many people are building on the Ethereum network? The ability to now get yield on the network, whats that going to mean for DeFi? Whos going to build DeFi on top of this new benchmark yield rate thats coming out of this? All of the people who are building NFTs, all of the stuff going on, thats mainly happening on ethereum right now. Great. Ethereum is slow and Ethereum is expensive. So the market will seek the path of which they can get more stuff done at a faster pace and they will make trade offs. Trade off is decentralization versus speed and cost. Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought wed bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. Mint mobile, unlimited premium wireless. Everybody get 30. 30 baby get 30 baby get 20. 2020, baby get 20. 2020.
Speaker B: 1515 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at mint mobile.com switch $45 up front for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for a limited time unlimited. More than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot. So when you move out the speed and cost curve, you basically arrive at Solana, avalanche, Algorand. There's a whole bunch of these layer ones. So then you start splitting out those assets. And so, okay, how do I differentiate? And it's quite difficult unless you're a technologist. But basically how I perceive it is Solana seems like it wants to go for the masses and create these kind of onboarding experiences. Front end, they've got a mobile phone, they've got amazing NFT marketplace. They seem like they want to get involved in the public. Then you've got avalanche. And that seems to be one to be more technical. We've got these subnets. You can do your things. It's a bit more technical, and we can probably financialize real assets on it. That seems to be their narrative. Algorand, somewhere like the financial marketplace, stuff like this, I just look at these and say, okay, what were going to see is the market. Probably bitcoin underperforms, ethereum next, whichever one of these, and I dont know which ones will do pretty well. And then therell be new tokens of which we dont really know yet, coming in that solve more problems, where youll see the thousand x upsides that weve seen in past cycles, and then theres a bunch of shit that goes to zero. Well, it doesnt go to zero. It just goes up and down with the speculative hype flow. So that's how I'm seeing that. So in the asset management side of what I'm doing, we're going further out the risk curve now, finding people who are taking those bets, because those bets are going to be more important drivers of returns than eth or bitcoin over time.
Speaker D: Can I just ask you, over the weekend, we attended the australian crypto conference. Topics of discussion was regulation because of the White House paper that came out. And there's a lot of questioning around when will institutions get involved? I mean, we've seen Brevin Howard launch, you know, a billion dollar fund. We've seen now, you know, Nasdaq fidelity, you know, there's a lot of, a lot of players looking to add both retail products as well as, you know, more formalization from an institutional point of view. But what do you think's holding back these institutions, if they're looking at the asset classes and going, well, real estate, fixed income, no real visibility of earnings in equities. And even though crypto and bitcoin is behaving like a sort of long duration asset work, a high growth tech stock at the moment. Why do you think we've seen this? Relax. I mean, cash levels are probably at the highest they've ever been, not ever, but the highest they've been in, probably.
Speaker A: When have you, when have you ever found an institution who buys at the low? What we need is FOMo, right? Most of them. I mean, ive spoken to a lot of them. And giants like Apollo, theyre all over this space. The giants, giant pension funds, giant endowments, the big sovereign wealth funds, the Middle east, everybodys all over it. The reason they havent allocated a lot, a lot of them have done vc first because its easy to get through investment committee, its just technology investment. But then theyve struggled with product, so they cant invest in individual hedge funds. Its just too hard for them because they cant do due diligence on custody risk, defi risk, stuff like that. They just dont know how to do it yet. Its too new for them. Fund to fund products like you guys have built and ive built, those are going to be the kind of products that they need, much like it was for family offices. They are all super interested. I know that hedge funds is the next part of the space that they will come into because ive seen this playbook many times before. Theyre all doing the work on it. And you need that thing that makes them not feel like idiots, which is they need the price to go up. And I know thats stupid, but it is what it is. Thats why family offices and high net worth investors have been much better at capturing the alpha in this space than institutions, because they don't get fired. They don't get fired for doing the wrong thing. And regulation at the margin helps. Family offices and high net worth tend to be more risk taking because they're in control of their own capital. So the fiduciary duty they owe to themselves. So they will say, I understand it's not fully regulated yet, but I will take the risk. And they've been compensated for that risk by doing so. Institutions can't do that because they're fiduciary duty to these millions of people and all of that kind of stuff. So regulatory clarity helps them. And so people look at this regulation space, and really we need it. If you want adoption, this libertarian ideal of nobody's going to regulate our money, this is our new digital money, you can't do it is a fantasy because we all live in a physical jurisdiction, and the physical jurisdiction wants its share of taxes because you benefit, you get benefit from being a societal member. Now, if you move elsewhere, I live in the cayman, so I dont pay direct taxes. Sure, we have taxes on import duties and other stuff. They always find a way to get money from you, but thats the thing. If you live in a country, you cant avoid taxes. They want to make sure they get their fair share because dont forget, the world is pretty much bankrupt right now, and they need to make sure that they collect as much taxes as possible. So I think regulation is a good thing. I think it's coming. I think the space where the battle is going to get drawn up really is DeFi because Defi needs KYC AML, and it can't by its very structure. So we're seeing people spinning up new institutional KYC AML versions of DeFi protocols, which I think is useful. So that means we'll end up with a bifurcated world, like, you know, some of your funds, and in fact, half the world's funds are in the Cayman Islands. Why is that? Nobody's avoiding taxes. You're doing it because it's a tax neutral jurisdiction that allows a fair and clear regulatory framework for any dispute, legal dispute, but it also allows international investors to pay their own taxes in their home country. It makes it easy. So can you do so? Will we have offshore DeFi and onshore defi? For sure, because you cant impose us Defi restrictions on an investor in South Africa. I think we will figure out different ways of doing it. And therell be bifurcated markets, but institutions will get what they need, which is they need compliance, so they cant get taken to court.
Speaker C: So, rol, in the last week, weve seen EDX turn around and make a statement that they intend to create an exchange, a stock exchange, not dissimilar to what we're all used to dealing with. And Nasdaq has turned around and also said, we're providing custodian services. I couldn't help myself but calculate out that the owners of EDX, which is Citadel Fidelity and Charles Schwab, together had funds under management of about $13.5 trillion. And the total capitalization of this space at the moment is 1 trillion. There's these giants coming in, trying to work out how to get part of this action, this space. It's not our secret any longer, clearly. And as they're coming into this space, I do wonder whether we should be frightened, enthusiastic, or just flattered that this sort of money is lining up next to us.
Speaker A: What is magic about this space is we all get to own a part of the network, so whatever they do on the space is going to benefit us. If we own parts of the network, that's by owning the tokens. So I don't really care as long as I've got my stake of the network. However, the network is built out on whoever builds on top of it. So what they're saying is, we like the network, we like the technology, we want to build on top of the technology, and we want to build the ability to custody and transfer assets. That was my hypothesis from day one, that that was going to happen. It's just taking time. And I spoke to the London Stock exchange. I spoke to everybody. They're all going to do it eventually. I'm speaking to Dubai stock exchange. They're all going to do it. We've seen the European Investment bank, the EIB, issue bonds on Ethereum. They're all testing it. So my hypothesis has been most traditional assets are about $200 to $300 trillion in market. Captain, whether thats real estate, bonds, equities, my guess is this will be the same because its going to capture a share of a bunch of that. So 13 trillion. Yep. Add that onto the mix, that gets us to $200 trillion of market cap. Its coming without question. The best thing is own the bloody token. You can say, well, we dont want the institutions coming in. Well, you might as well profit from it. Own the token. So I own the ecosystem. Invest in the hedge funds, do whatever, capture the alpha and the beta of the space.
Speaker C: And when you look at it, there are $13.5 trillion current funds under management. Of course, they're talking about building an exchange, which in due course, hopefully will mean that more traditional investors will just step into this space. But when we're looking at this own the token aspect of it, where these guys are really looking at trying to get some centralized action out there, but they're on ramps at the end of the day. And if we keep getting all these on ramps, then our ownership of blockchain derivative products is then going to be boosted because at the moment there seems to be only about $400 billion worth. Because if you take bitcoin or ethereum out of it, that's all that's left. So this balloon that you've got under the water there, you take two coins out of it and it's pretty small, and there seems to be a lot chasing it. I agree. It looks like there's, you say, an exponential age coming.
Speaker A: Yeah. The other one that everybody will fight over and shout at each other over Twitter, over is central bank digital currencies. It's the same thing. It's just an on ramp and an off ramp. And once you realize that, the moment that happens, theyre basically allowing all money to be transferred over blockchain rails. So that means the ability to move in and out of these two worlds, this new parallel financial system and the existing system, become almost frictionless. Well, if theyre going to give these wallets out to 300 million Europeans and 300 million Americans and 1.3 billion Indians, what is the probability that digital assets, that 400 million billion dollars worth of value remains at 400 billion? About zero. This is how good the bet is it's almost impossible to architect an outcome where over a period of time, prices are not massively higher. Yeah, and I know that sounds ludicrous and it sounds hopium, but there is almost no way we've got too far in network adoption. When the central banks all said, yeah, we're going to join the party, that to me was the signal. The game is won. Regulation is the noise. It's a few speed bumps en route, but it's one.
Speaker D: It's like having an option on technology with sort of massive upside, and you just kind of have to hold onto that option. And the option's gotten a lot more valuable in this latest correction.
Speaker A: And unlike an option, it's got no maturity date, so it's an unlimited length option, which is incredibly attractive.
Speaker D: You said something earlier, I think you said Ticketech had issued, I think, 10 million tickets. In terms of entities, I'm quite interested in magic studios. I was always thinking, how would this be brought to the masses, and particularly the younger generation? I think it's gaming, it's entertainment, it's the arts. I think they're early adopters and innovators. Could you tell us a bit more about magic studios and also how you see this tokenization playing out, particularly as it goes into the more traditional asset classes? I think the big query you mentioned in one of your webinars, everyone will ask you on a daily basis, when is real estate coming? When are we going to tokenize real estate? And so on. But maybe just give us your thoughts on that, on tokenization, because that's definitely going to be to add value.
Speaker A: So I've taken three big bets, four big bets in this space, because I think it's the best opportunity I've ever seen in my life. As I've explained before, one was investing myself with as much money as I possibly could. Two was pivoting real vision around this, because I think it's faster growing, more engaging, and community is the future of all business models. I then also had the hypothesis that the entire financial system is going to invest in this. That was why I built an asset management business. And then I wanted to. And then I knew that the masses were going to come, and the masses come really via stuff like we talked about, like securities and stuff, trading on blockchain rails, etcetera. Less interesting to me, what was really interesting was the tokenization of culture. And the hypothesis is the 63, I think it was McKinsey said this, the $63 trillion of global intangibles on balance sheets around the world, that is. What is the value of brand and culture? Well, we don't know, but we kind of know it's a lot. But then I look at the share price of Disney, and it's $250 billion. Disney's probably the largest, deepest cultural brand in the world by a long way. Everybody has a connection to Disney in certain ways. So if you tokenize the Disney ecosystem, whether it's Marvel Comics or original cartoons or whatever, all of the stuff in the Disney archives, all of the legend of Disney, it's probably worth a trillion dollars or two. That's the power of tokenization. So at corporate level, you are highly incentivized to do this if you have cultural currency. Cultural currency. Are those brands, communities that have community and culture, deep culture, where do those tend to lie? Sports. We all know that, right? Anybody goes for sports game. You know how deep culture lies, how valuable that is in and above common sense? Right? It's something really deep. Music is another one. The other one we talked about before is fashion. Fashion is culture. Some people don't get it. That's okay. But why Bernard Arnault from Louis Vuitton LVMH is in the top five richest people in the world is. He understands that scarcity and status go hand in hand, and humans just desire that amongst all things, people want to be more than just a number. And fashion does that. And we could probably throw arts into that. And then there is, yeah, the entertainment industry. So that's films, books, book franchises, tv franchises. I mean, they're huge. So those, I think, are the largest cultural communities. The other two on top would be religion and politics, which are not. Two I'd want to touch in this, but those. So all I know is every brand, the gigantic brand, everybody in the web three space is starting from the ground up, building, like, Yuga labs from the ground up, these ecosystems. But every giant brand in the world is going to have to go this way.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: So I want to be there, and I want to get the next hundred, 500 million people into web three. Now, how do we do that? Because people don't care about, it's on Solana, it's on Ethereum, it's on Polygon. It's like the noise and the ridiculous complication of this space needs to go away. But people are doing this in the background fast. People like Ticketmaster. So Ticketmaster, genius tickets was always my hypothesis. That's the entry into all of this is tickets, because we all go on planes and on your Apple phone or whatever it is you've got your boarding pass, right? It's digital. We use Apple pay or whatever system it is on your phone and it's digital. So I was just thinking, well, it's pretty easy to turn these into proof of attendance protocols or nfts. And then you have value. Like I've got my live Aid ticket from 1985 here and I keep hold of it and I've got drawer, in fact, next to me full of concert tickets I've been to my whole life. I love music. So imagine if they were tokens that I could have and that would identify me with the community. And if it's in my wallet, then you can see, oh, Raoul likes this, this, this and this and this. Well, think what that does for the marketing industry. So Ticketmaster have basically created a digital wallet, much like your boarding pass when you go on your phone for your ticket to an event. And then what they do, you go to the event, they give you nfts. So now, because they built in their wallet web three, you don't even know or care what blockchain it's on to relevant. You've now got an NFT that you went to an XYZ football game or you saw this concert and what they're doing is building out social graph. And what you'll do is more and more people get traction. This is what Starbucks is doing. This is what everybody's doing. So its coming at scale. The really sharp marketing people are realizing youre creating a new social graph that allows you not to use Google, Facebook and all the other world, its wallets. Its very early stage in all of this. But also think about ticketing, the number of times weve all lost money on a hotel room because last minute weve had to cancel. You never get your money back. Imagine if that was an NFT. I could just put it on a marketplace, sell it at a 50% discount. Thank you. I got rid of my ticket. Somebody else buys them 50% discount. The hotel is happy because they replace a person who comes to the bar in the evening, has a few glasses of wine, eats a nice steak dinner. They get their extra margin on top because an empty hotel room doesn't give extra margin. Everybody's a winner. Same with airline tickets, so why should it not go? So I try and think, how do you get a billion people involved? It's these kind of things. And so that's what science, magic studios. So we know the financial industry is going to come and invest in this. We know that culture is going to move this way and is moving this way. So we want to cover those bets. And we know that all businesses are pivoting around community, which is why at real vision, we realized this about two or three years ago and started to pivot the entire business around community and web three.
Speaker D: I think, Tim, I think it's brilliant. I think web three is going to be such a game changer in terms of the Internet of value and kind of moving ownership away from the incumbents towards entrepreneurs. I think that sort of.
Speaker A: But the one thing, one thing important to note, Mark, the incumbents are coming. I've spoken to them all. I've spoken to the Googles, I've spoken to the facebooks, the metas, I've spoken to everybody from LinkedIn to. I mean, you name it, they understand this and they're coming, too. But we might be able to leverage their networks finally.
Speaker D: Because they've got the billions they do. But, and, you know, I think I've always been, you know, very much an admirer of the entrepreneurial spirit in, you know, they've got, you know, they'll keep taking shots and shots and shots until they get it right. You know, they. It's kind of like, you know, the income. It's not that they'll lose and become, you know, and vanish, but they're definitely at the margin. Once you become the biggest, you know, the biggest advertiser in the world or the biggest host of advertising in the world, there's only one way to go, right? It's like once you get to the top, it's pretty hard to hold onto that position, particularly if you're getting at the fringe, at the margin, you're getting nipped away. I think the final sort of thing I'd like to just maybe discuss briefly is there's a lot of talk around cbdcs, and will they sort of crowd out what's happening in the ecosystem, or will it become something that stifles innovation from a regulatory point of view? Like, there's a lot of concern, but there's a lot of, there's a lack of clarity around how it's going to work. And then the philosophical side of, well, is it really, it's not decentralized, it's a central bank digital currency, and therefore there's the ability. You spoke earlier about Cyprus and the bank baileys and so on. There's an ability for governments to potentially impose control via these cbdcs. I just thought maybe I'll get your thoughts on that and then maybe we'll take a few questions from the audience.
Speaker A: It always amazes me this, the whole argument around, well, theyre cbdcs, theyre going to control you. Im like, like they dont have access to your bank account now. Like they cant impose a cost of money, cheapness or expensiveness of borrowing, lending money now, like they cant tax you. Its like they do this anyway. And if you think its all about privacy, tell me how much actual transactions you do in, in notes, physical notes. Virtually none, none of us do anymore. So we use our credit cards. Theyve got all of that data and then were on Google or Amazon, all of that. We gave up our privacy years ago. Its people are just making a deal of something that does not exist. And that essence comes from the people who want to hold gold bars and move them around the world. Well, good luck if you want to buy a t shirt online with a gold bar, it ain't going to happen, happen. So look, governments will be governments. Our job is to live in a democracy, to vote them in or out if they overstep their mark. Now, governments have been more controlling over time, and part of that is to do with the societal problems that the debt and demographics have created. And I don't think that's going away now. Central bank digital currencies allow them to track the money around the system easier. I get that, but theyre going to do that anyway. I mean, blockchain, every transaction is available to them. Its available to everybody. Theres no way of hiding. So what do we fear here? The one thing you can do is move jurisdiction like anybody in Australia can come to the Cayman Islands because you're a commonwealth country. You basically come here and you don't pay tax, which is why there's a lot of Australians and Kiwis and South Africans and Brits and Canadians here. So that means if you don't like your jurisdiction, you can move or you can vote. But the central bank digital currency is a cheaper, faster, more efficient way of the transfer of money. The private sector led the way by showing them how it can be done. But India did it at scale before everybody else. It's got 1.3 billion people now in their banking system because they issued a payment system called UPI, which was almost a peer to peer free payment system before anybody else. Digital system of identity called Aadhaar and allowed then the building of technology on top of what's known as India stack. So all your KYC documentation, everything else you can now transfer on a fingerprint to open a mobile phone account or a bank account. That's India, which is the most bureaucratic country in the world. That was done not on blockchain, but they're going to have a central bank digital currency because Singapore is advising them on how to do it. But what it did for India was remarkable and we will do that to the world. So I'm incredibly encouraged by it. I'm also encouraged by, and a lot of people philosophically don't like this, but in a world where we don't really have a lot of interest rates, where we've got this debt demographics issue, we have to get better in how we deal with fiscal policy and monetary policy because it's so blanket right now, it's unnecessary. Once you've got a central bank digital currency, you could have different interest rates for different types of people. That's good. I think. Yeah, you might not like it because you're wealthy and you'll get lower interest rates and because they want your money in the system, but the people who are savers get highest. There's a number of ways bid offer spreads on borrowing versus lending for poorer people. Direct transfer payments, like we're seeing now with electricity bills and all of this stuff. There's a lot of power that can come from this, the ability, and that's behavioral economics as well. Incentive systems to allow society to do certain things, but it can also be used negatively. But everything in humanity is like that, right? The penal system is like, everything is like that. So I just don't think it's a great change, but I think it could be very powerful.
Speaker C: Very powerful. Rol, we've got some enlightened people here in Australia, and one of them is a gentleman in the Reserve bank who's about to 73 years of age. And he came up with this wonderful statement when they said the Australians were considering a CBDC like so many countries are, and he said, if we get that, there'll be no need for any cryptocurrencies. I love that statement. I thought that was a beauty. But while we go there, we've got a few questions that have come through in the sidebar here and I'll just read them out, if I may. 1 of them says, the phrase NFT has become known for many scams and going out of fashion. Will it be used as a phrase or will it be another protocol that you think the future phrase might be, or will it rebrand itself?
Speaker A: I don't think we'll even think of the word NFTs eventually. It's like even the term cryptocurrency is not really used as much anymore. We now use digital assets more. And these are just digital assets. We wont even think of them. And the scam element, everything thats new, that accrues value meaningfully ends up having scams around it. We saw this with icos in cryptocurrencies as they were back in 2017. Weve seen this before. Some regulation will help and just a general broadening out of the space where it doesnt seem like it's a get rich quick scheme but just a part of how we operate online. People get more discerning. But don't forget all of us have email scams every single day and it hasn't stopped. You click on the wrong link and you're in deep trouble. Right. And that doesn't go away.
Speaker C: It really is like the term multimedia. Do you remember it? But you don't say, I'm going home to watch some multimedia tonight. It's just not there any longer. So another question here. Which listed companies do you think will benefit the most from crypto adoption? Is it the likes of the payment companies like block or are there some other players that are interesting listed companies?
Speaker A: Look, there's not a lot of listed companies around. The one that's most interesting to me is I like to keep it simple. I'm a macro guy. What were saying is we think it goes from a trillion dollars to $200 trillion. Again, assume im an idiot, discount me by 90%. Its still going to $20 trillion if thats the case and we think therefore these are going to be used for all sorts of parts of society and that owning the network is the important thing, then Coinbase seems a no brainer. I know its a us stock so different people can trade that, but its a no brainer for me because its token agnostic. Volume is important, yield is important because they help customers get hold of the yield and custody because we want to keep hold of our assets. They have it all. So its been beaten down so badly I think. Yeah, I mean that's got to be interesting. As a listening, do you think about.
Speaker D: Their type role with Blackrock and giving them access, giving Aladdin?
Speaker A: I know the Coinbase guys really well. I mean they are building a very high quality business and Blackrock is not the only people that they know. I mean I know them really, really well. In fact they were investors in science magic studios. They get it, they get it. The institutional quality of what theyre going to build is huge.
Speaker D: And on Blackrock, as part of one of the questions, theyre quite vocal around ESG. One of the questions from one of the audience participants is do you see ESG investment vehicles as a flavor of the day? I kind of get the e in ESG, the SG part I sometimes battle with. But do you think it's another tax? Do you think ESG is going to, that was part of the merge in Ethereum. And if there's anything you want to talk about from that perspective, again in.
Speaker A: Financial markets, our job is not to say what we think is right or wrong. The market doesn't care what you think is right or wrong. What it is is society has decided that it wants to move to greener technology and away from fossil fuels. And you can see why by whats going on in Europe right now, right? Had we made this transition 20 years ago, we wouldnt be having these issues. And we know the history of oil is the history of warfare, right? So lets just assume that moving away from fossil fuels and distributing this is the key thing. Distributing energy generation away from centralization is a good thing. So its going to happen regardless of whether we want it, not whether we think its a tax or not. Its irrelevant. So therefore invest with it. So theres only a few proof of work chains, bitcoin being one of them. So it doesnt really affect the rest of the space now it just means that with Ethereum being the other big daddy in the space now being ESG, compliance essentially just means and now has a yield just makes it more attractive.
Speaker C: We are wary of that.
Speaker A: I just think it's going to coalesce capital into these places. We might as well take advantage of the capital being coalesced.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, we are wearing the term or the phrase decoupling out here at portal asset management. We're really constantly saying there has to be a time that this space decouples from Nasdaq because it's not Nasdaq, it's not operating like Nasdaq, it's not growing like Nasdaq. When do you think the decoupling will occur? Or if it's not a when, it's, why do you think the decoupling will occur when that time comes? Rol?
Speaker A: So I think they're correlated to the macro cycle and uncorrelated in their adoption cycle. So if you zoom out, the chart of bitcoin or ETH looks nothing like the nasdaq. When you zoom in on the sell offs and periods, it looks like they are, and those are the macro cycles that dictate all assets. Why? Because we've had quantitative easing, quantitative easing increases the number of currency, fiat currency in supply and lowers the value of the denominator, it rises all asset prices. But those that have higher adoption effects rise further, which is why crypto rises further than most technology stocks, which is why they rise further than oil stocks, because it's where you are on the adoption curve in this particular world. So when you zoom out, they're not correlated. When you zoom in to here and now, they're correlated and that's okay. I mean, what isn't correlated to the dollar, what isn't correlated to interest rates, what isn't? That's how money works. But zoom out, it's all noise. It depends on your time horizon. My time horizon is nothing in the 18 month timeframe. My time horizon lies outside of the 18 month time frame, in which case I don't really care is the point. And in fact, that's why you think of these kinds of sell offs. If we just know the chart just keeps going bottom left to top right every time it sells off a lot, you should just keep buying. It's as simple as that.
Speaker D: Do you want to mark a couple.
Speaker C: Of big questions there?
Speaker D: Sure. Well, a quick one, which is, what will the Fed rate be, do you expect over the next twelve and 24 months? Do you think we're going to see a lot more rate increases tightening or do you think inflation's peaked? We've covered that quite a bit, using to think.
Speaker A: Yeah. My general view is I think the fall is fall in growth, the fall in inflation and the rise in employment is going to be faster than expected by the market currently. I think the Fed, who knows what they say today? Maybe they say, well, we're actually might go above 4% and we'll try and hold it there. Right. Two year rates are already at 4%. They're already suggesting they believe the Fed is going to go to 4% and hold it there. I don't think that's going to be the case. So at some point we'll end up getting a free bet there somewhere. So whether it goes to four and a half, but then chances are it comes down to one and a half. So I quite actually love the risk reward in the bond market right now. Super interesting.
Speaker D: And you're not concerned around potentially the sort of what we see is the rise of these BricS currencies, ending the dominance of the dollar, the petrodollar in particular. Do you think that's not going to maybe shift, it's going to make the cost of debt significantly higher potentially in the us cost of exporting their inflation higher?
Speaker A: Raoul, it takes time to get a currency block adoption. We've seen it with the euro, never really got there. Yes it was adopted its second largest currency but it never became the big reserve currency that it could have been. We need to see a move away from the dollar because its too big. The US is 25% of world GDP and 87% of all world trade is in dollars and everybodys in debt in dollars. So theres a dollar shortage globally all the time and its a pain in the ass for everybody to deal with. Lets say youre Australia and a lot of your exports are commodities. Well commodity cycle is driven by the us dollar. It's like really, why do we have to think about the us dollar cycle and our economy is driven by it? If we could just negate that. So I think it's the right move. I don't think the US will have trouble funding its debts. Got fiat currency and also it can do yield curve control. We've seen it from Japan. So I don't buy the dollar is going to collapse story. It will weaken eventually but I think it goes up again. First we've got a structural bull market in dollars that will not go away until we get some sort of plaza accord treatment. Whether it happens this time around or in the next dollar bill cycle, when the DXY is not at 110 or 120 it goes up to 150. Somebody's going to have to do something at some point and the world is going to have to move away from using the US dollar because everybody is under control of the Federal Reserve. It's crazy that there you are in Australia talking about what the US central bank is going to do because it matters to you guys. It's ludicrous, but it does because all the funding markets are in bloody us dollars. Everything, every commodity that you sell is in us dollars. If you sell it to China, sell it to Japan, Australia's two biggest customers, you sell them in dollars and it's nobody's currency. I mean that's madness.
Speaker D: Mike has a question on censorship. How important is censorship resistance to you? Do you believe that exchanges and staking services will run into issues over the long term in respect to sanction compliance?
Speaker A: Again, I don't hold the libertarian view that we can do whatever the hell we want and get away with it. So you know, we'll find, you will find jurisdictions that you can do certain things in, jurisdictions that you can't and that's just normal.
Speaker D: Giovanni's it's been a bit more of a statement around. The expectation is that the Fed will keep on tightening because they seem to be on a mission of creating higher real yields to make risky assets less attractive?
Speaker A: Well, it depends how you look at real yields. So if you look at real yields, I use the five year breakevens versus five year rates. They are three standard deviations above trend. It's about as high as it's ever been. The trend rate of real yields, five year real yields is negative 1% because of debt and demographics. So we are ultra super tight. People mistakenly use CPI minus the bond market. Go look at how negative rates are. That's not how it works. That's not how financial markets price. The five year break even is about where it is. And we're almost 100 basis points. Positive yields. Now, this is very, very, very tight considering the US is 100% of world GDP in debt. I don't think people understand the mechanics of debt. But this real rates, we cannot last. The last time we had debts of any magnitude like this was coming out of world War two. And they had to keep real rates negative for 2030 years. They have to. Theres no way, because youll break the system as were about to see. Were about to see growth implode. Everyones going to go, oh, yeah, real rates are really high.
Speaker C: Adam.
Speaker D: Yeah, I do agree. I think the great sort of debasement of currency has to continue.
Speaker A: Theres no way out. So meanwhile, we need to opt out and go to this parallel financial system because the great debasement, slow or fast, has to happen. The slow way is negative rates, negative real rates. The fast way is quantitative easing. There's no other way out of this.
Speaker D: Just the final sort of question for me is you deal with some really high pedigree investors, hedge funds and so forth. What's the general sentiment out there? Are you contrarian at the moment with your view that things are kind of not as bad as we all seem and we're not going to be living on a farm with gold and guns? Or are you kind of thinking that we. What's your view relative to the general consensus? Not that it should ever influence your investment decisions, but just out of interest.
Speaker A: The general consensus is about as apocalyptical as I've ever seen it in my entire life. And I've been around a long time in this. I've been around since 1990. It is utterly apocalyptical. I mean, literally, people think theyre going to be chipping frozen bodies off the streets in Europe who are starving because theres no wheat. They think that the stock market is going to go down 80% because the Fed are going to keep raising rates like Volcker, they think that inflation is never going to go away because theres a shortage of supply and commodities and demand destruction will never take away from that. They think, I mean, I have never seen anything like this. And then when you look at the asset allocation, the asset allocation is in fact, I'm going to share it with you as my last final gift here. I think I've got it on my screen still.
Speaker D: Cash? Gold cash?
Speaker A: No, the asset allocation from the fund manager survey, the Merrill lynch fund manager survey. I'm just going to, if you give me permission to share screen. I'm just going to show you just very quickly a bunch of. Just to show the sentiment.
Speaker D: You able to share now?
Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, so here is profit expectations. Everybody tells me there's another leg lower to come because profits are going to be, earnings are going to evaporate. No shit, Sherlock. We're in a recession. And guess what? 85% of all investors say that thats going to happen. Okay, so that tells you its probably in the price. Lets have a look at risk appetite. Its the lowest risk appetite in the history of the BOA survey. Okay. That tells you that everybody is invested in the downside, the overweight. The underweight equities is the largest in the history of this survey. And this is a great survey. Ive used it for 20 years versus they are so overweight that theyre well above and beyond where the s and p is already priced. Theyre at cash levels above the worst of the financial crisis. That put buying has been obscene. Option expiries in the US have been running at two to $4 trillion. Can you get your head around that? Look at the put option buying versus last time we ever got to these levels, they were all massive lows. So if people are buying that much downside hedging, whos left to sell, and then foreigners have bought the least amount of us equities in history. So my view is that everybody is one side of the boat now. Can they be right for sure? Will the probabilities start narrowing?
Speaker D: It's hard to. As the saying goes, you can't sell to sellers and you can't buy from buyers.
Speaker A: Right?
Speaker D: I mean, if everyone's exhausted and everyone sold at the margin just from the forced buying aspect of continued pension endowment superannuation payments, at some point they are going to be breaching mandates and will be forced to start allocating back into the markets. And inflation is still running reasonably hot. Whether its real or not, cash is definitely not a place to be sitting over the longer term.
Speaker A: Raoul no and it doesnt mean something cant break and we get another stabler whatever, right. I'm not saying new lows can't happen. Maybe they will. Maybe in Europe they will because things are pretty bad. I'm not saying that things aren't bad in Europe. I don't know. But the probabilities are. I just look at, okay, where's the next 50% move? Is it down or up? It's probably up. Where's the next 20% move? Don't know. It's kind of probably up, maybe down. Where's the next 10% move? It's very 50 50 at that point. So the risk reward actually for a longer term time horizon actually is not bad here. Not incredible, incredible. Its much better in digital assets because the downside, lets say, is even if the downside is 50% from here, the upside is 20 x. So thats 40 times risk reward. Okay, thats a much better bet.
Speaker C: You have to go soon, but you communicate this all the time and we do too. You do it slightly better. And the fact is that when you do speak to big institutional investors, they seem to be looking for the bottom. It's like they've trying to pick the bottom of the market before they're going to invest. Your statement earlier on that they just need some fomo. Is that what you think is really going to start happening when the big institutional investors start coming on board? That you're just going to start getting a sense of fomo and then off it goes?
Speaker A: Yeah, because then you get the news flow zones over it are investing. They've done this, they've launched that, they've partnered with so and so and just price. I mean, humans are pretty simple, right? The price is going up, they want to buy it. If the price is going down, they want to sell it regardless of whether that makes sense or not. That's the history of markets. So that's why everybody is super underway equities right now. And that's why as equities go, when they go up, it'll be driven on this wall of fear because everybody's underweight and they get forced back in with crypto assets. Everyone's had the mandate now and then. Guess what, with Ethereum at three and a half thousand, you'll see money pouring in that should have got in here. But they've just.
Speaker D: Thanks so much for your time, ro. We really, really appreciate it. It was great connecting with you. We really are a big fan of your work. I don't know if there's anything else you want to add Derek.
Speaker C: Rol, we're recording this, of course, and I think many of us are going to want to listen to this again. I do, and really pick out some parts in this. And so we'll record it. We'll have it out within the next few days out to the network, and we'll have it out on LinkedIn too. And we find that many, many more people listen to it when it goes out on that recording environment too, and we'll get you a copy. Enormously delighted to have you on board. You can hear that we're evangelists in this space too, so it's lovely to speak to a fellow evangelist when you speak a lot of the time to institutional investors. So, you know, my head feels sore because I keep hitting it against the wall. But the fact of the matter is that they are acknowledging the importance of this space. They just don't know what to do with it. It appears along the way. So inspiring to have you along. I hope we have the opportunity to connect again. Maybe one day you might be kind enough to come on beyond bitcoin with us and shoot the breeze on any topic you choose. We're happy for it. But thank you so much indeed for being with us. Our evening, your morning.
Speaker A: Perfect. Great. Great to see you everybody, and thanks for the time.
Speaker D: Thanks. Thanks, Raul. Take care, man. All the best.
Speaker A: Take care. Bye.
Speaker C: We hope you've enjoyed our monthly webinar. All of Portal's webinars are available on our website, portal am, or on the major podcast platforms. If you have any questions, comments or suggested topics, please email us on info at Portal Am. Feel free to subscribe and share with like minded friends. Until next month, stay well, inquisitive and engaged. Bye for now.
