Speaker A: Hello, everyone, and welcome back to the real vision crypto daily briefing. Lots to talk about today. Here's why you should tune into today's show. SBF appears in court for the first time and big money is flowing out of binance. Should users actually be worried or is this just more fudgest? We'll discuss all of this and more with renowned bitcoin analyst Dylan Leclair will join us live shortly. I'm Jeremy Varlo and I am super excited about this show today because this is the first time I get to host with the incomparable Elaine Lee. Elaine, how are you doing?
Speaker B: Who put us on the show together today for Jeremy?
Speaker A: Definitely an oversight. The wheels could fall off. We're going to try our best to keep them on.
Speaker B: Let's just go for it. I'm really excited to have Dylan LeClaire on now. Look, I posted a tweet out there asking for Dylan to come on the show and you guys all responded with crazy amount of likes. And we do have Dylan in the house and I'm very excited to get this conversation going.
Speaker A: Surely we will get to Dylan very shortly. We're going to start off here. But if you are watching us on the real Vision website, we thank you for that. If you haven't signed up there yet, check it out@realvision.com. crypto. Tons of free crypto content there for you to enjoy. If you're watching on YouTube, as always, hit the like Bella or the like button, subscribe. Hit that notification bell so you do not miss. When we go live, let's jump straight into some price action. I know Elaine is excited about this. We've got bitcoin back above $18,000. We saw a surge yesterday around the time the latest us inflation data was released. CPI coming in below expectations and the lowest since the end of last year. Another big macro driver is coming today. The Fed is expected to raise interest rates. Bye. 50 basis points. Tune into our sister show, the real vision daily briefing later this afternoon for the post decision analysis. Elaine, tell us about Ethereum. What's going on there?
Speaker B: 18,000 in bitcoin. It's exciting, isn't it? Well, over in ethereum space, yesterday's wider surge also benefited. Ether is trading firmly over 1300 right now. Ether is up just slightly on the day, but a good healthy 9% for the past week.
Speaker A: Jeremy feels good to be green. So let's jump into our top story of the day. Obviously on everyone's mind, former FTX CEO Sam Bankman Fried appeared in court in the Bahamas for the first time Tuesday, he was arrested and charged by the us federal prosecutors and separately by two regulators, the SEC and the CFTC. Elaine, what happened to the hearing yesterday?
Speaker B: Yeah, just look at these images right there. It's so dramatic. Look, the most important development from the first court hearing was that SBF was denied bail. Right. His lawyers argued that SBF had lived in the Bahamas for many years and has property there. But the prosecutors argued that the extradition treaty between the Bahamas and the US means the defendant has to be in custody. I love that, quote, custody, my lady, custody, the prosecutor told the judge, which has one meaning, whether it's Webster's or Oxford or otherwise, custody is inconsistent with the act of bail, end quote. Now, the judge agreed that he's a flight risk and denied bail of 250,000. We also know that SBF intends to fight extradition to the US. Actually, his next hearing is set for February 8. In the meantime, he will remain in the bahamian prison. So as a reminder, SBF is facing eight criminal charges in the US, and they include wire fraud, conspiracy to commit money laundering, and campaign violation allegations, among others. He's also facing civil charges from the SEC and the CTF C. So there's a lot there.
Speaker A: It certainly is. And of course, as always, we will continue to follow that closely and bring it to you on the real vision. Crypto daily briefing. Another story that we're following closely, closely is what's happening at Binance. Elaine, lots of chatter on Twitter about the situation here. And I know that Dylan, when we bring him on, has a lot to say about it. Fud or not, what is going on?
Speaker B: Yeah, lots of here, lots of Twitter timeline action that we're reading. So according to some data that's coming out from the blockchain research group Nansen, as of yesterday, Binance saw net outflows totaling of $3.6 billion in a week. And that's just on the Ethereum blockchain. But nonsense says that's the biggest since the crypto turmoil in June, otherwise known as the beginning of crypto winter. More than a billion was withdrawn on Tuesday alone. That's also coming from the headlines of the Financial Times. I was reading CEO Changpeng Zhao, better known as CZ, in the crypto space, is confirmed that number on Twitter, too. Now, he tried to play it down in quotes, business as usual. Some days we have net withdrawal, some days we have net deposits. Close quote. In that tweet right there, he said the amount was not in the top five biggest withdrawals, but finance experience in its history. He also said that Fudd has brought a stress test to our attention now, this very recent time, that CC also sent a memo to his staff, sent by Bloomberg, that according to a report, CC said there are tough months ahead, so bracing his staff for the future for the company. But he mentioned that basically the company will come out stronger in the end. And we also know, thanks to again the blockchain data cited by Nansen, that Binance hold $60 billion worth of crypto assets. That's publicly disclosed addresses. And about 35% of the assets are Busd and BnB. So we don't know the scale of liabilities. So it's difficult to know for sure what the financial health of the company is.
Speaker A: Hey, but bitcoin and ETH are up on the day, so let's focus on that. That feels good, right?
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm happy to focus on that, too, Jeremy.
Speaker A: Right. So I know that our guest Dylan has a lot to say about both of these stories. Let's bring him in. Dylan Leclair is a bitcoin analyst known for his work on the deep dive at the Bitcoin magazine pro, amongst others. Welcome to the show, Dylan. Nice to have you.
Speaker C: Hey, thanks for having me, guys. Excited to come on and discuss a lot of different topics with you guys.
Speaker A: Yeah, we're super excited.
Speaker B: Throwing it all out there and all over the place. So, Dylan, I think I just want to start by asking you, you know, we'll discuss finance in a little moment, but what do you make of this FTX, you know, mess? What are you thought on the charges and the hearings on SBF and just the whole FTX fallout in general?
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, I wasn't, you know, I'm no legal expert or anything, so I don't. Aside from an occasional shitpost here or there, I don't have too much commentary to add after the indictment and all this. I mean, I can't say I didn't see this coming. Certainly the rise was meteoric and left a lot of questions in terms of how do these guys become so successful so fast, and particularly with the Solana ecosystem stuff and these very high, fully diluted value tokens that were spun up from nothing like, well, partially Solana, but Oxy and maps and all of these other altcoin venture capitalist bets. So, like the Sam coins, for instance. And then we saw post Luna, post ust unwind. These guys are really sticking out their chest. And I was just posing questions like, if these guys are the big dogs, why are they a lot of they have an open $380 million credit line with Voyager. These things I didn't know the answers to, I actually have. I don't have a lot of answers on any of this stuff, whether it's FTX or Binance or Celsius or blockfi or any of these platforms that I've questioned. A lot of platforms, people keep saying it's fud, it's fud, it's fud. Well, I think the reality is people should just recognize and understand and entertain the possibility that it's not FUD. It's just probabilistic thinking and asking questions. If an exchange is fully solvent, no amount of tweets, no amount of FUD impacts your core business or your processing. If anything, CZ is actually making money on people withdrawing because he charges $15 for withdrawal and it costs $0.50. There's no harm to the core business for CZ, just like there wasn't with FTX. But when it comes out, like, hey, here's the Alameda leaked balance sheet. Oh, it's all FTT tokens and all of their net equity assets, minus the liability, what's left over, all of its in illiquid altcoins. And if you look at FTT's volume profile, you didn't have really a single FTT token exchange hands from two bucks to twenty bucks. So I ask everybody to go look at BNB, right? I'm not flooding binance like people say it's flood. Well, I ask, I pose this to the question. Every altcoin in the space, for better or worse, people always believe the story. Every altcoin in the space is just beta to bitcoin. And because of a relative lack of illiquidity, and because of a lot of hidden leverage on centralized derivative platforms, on decentralized derivative platforms and everything in between, these altcoins outperform bitcoin, when bitcoin has parabolic runs often, right? And for whatever reason, whether its perpetual motion machine, Ponzi, like Luna, or whether its an l one ecosystem that like Ethereum or I Avax or whatever, whatever the story, right? And people attribute all sorts of different reasons for that performance. But what is it? It's just beta, right? It's just levered beta. This is a financial markets game. It's the same reason why Ark invest outperformed s and P. It's just more illiquid names that got flows. So on the downside, what happens? Anything within high implied volatility to the upside also adds to the downside. Except there's an anomaly. The anomaly is b, and b is BNB. BTC is floating to all time highs and is up 30% year to date against bitcoin. So that's suspicious to me. Like, I posed the question. And if you look at Binance, if you look at the BNB chart, right, it's up ten x in bitcoin terms since 2021. So I ask people what's supporting that valuation and who's been the marginal buyer? And if I just go to first principles, this isn't about czdhennae, this isn't about binance as an operation. If I just look at first principles and I say, okay, why was the reason FTT pumped? Why was the reason BNB pumped? Why was the reason Celsius token pumped? Why were the reason that any of these exchange tokens pumped? And there's a repeated history of. Well, given the incentives of this game, the clearance, the clear, it clearly points to the exchange operator unofficially or officially helping to drive this performance. So I raised a question about BNB. I also raised a question about the derivatives platform.
Speaker B: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back. No, I love that we. Well, you have to talk about these things, right? If it's proposing an idea. You watched the space long enough. You put so many hours into looking over the space. So I actually want to. I mean, I think you've touched on it definitely a little bit here. But going back to your tweet, back in. In, I think it was November, I saw this. You basically said, is anyone else getting weird vibes out there from CZ right now? It's like he's running the whole SBF summer playbook. Public projection of strength and talks of the industry bailouts while attempting to raise funds. I'm not claiming anything, but the similarities are odd, essentially. That's what. That's what you said we've spoken about in the past five minutes.
Speaker C: Yeah. I mean, like, there's just. There's just plenty of questions, right? So, like, they come out with an industry bailout package for other funds, right? And all of these finance addresses for their, for their shop, for. For the customer funds are published, right? It's transparent. Okay, great. And they talk about industry bailouts and they say, hey, we're going to pledge a billion dollars to bail out the industry. Okay, great. Like that's. That's good for the ecosystem. Similar. It's similar thing to what SPF did, right? Like, we're going to help out the weak actors. Okay, cool. And the billion dollars of Busd that was pledged? Oh, it was actually in an address that was claimed to be an exchange reserve. So was that a mistake? Was that an honest mistake, or are the pools of capital commingled? I don't know, but it's curious, right? And it was a mistake, apparently, and something like the proof of reserves, right? CCA says everybody should have a proof of reserves every exchange. Okay, great, that's good. I agree. And personally, actually trust, regardless of CZ, this isn't a binance specific thing. I think proof of reserves do not matter because you don't know. As long as there's no way to prove the liabilities, which CZ comes out in response to Willy Wu and says, hey, can you audit the liabilities? You only audit the addresses, the assets. And he goes, yeah, liabilities are harder, but just ask around. We don't have any. And it's like, well, here's the thing, is that binance offers a vast derivatives complex where you can pledge tether as collateral, buSD as collateral, BnB as collateral, bitcoin as collateral. Showing me your assets means nothing to me. So probabilistically, I don't have funds on binance. I never have. Probabilistically, the reason that five of these exchanges collapsed in 2022, and the reason that I warned about every single one that did and didn't get burned personally, was because probabilistically, if I see there's a 0.1% chance of something going wrong, I get out or never mind getting out. But the fact is, and this is what really blows my mind, is when people have 100% of their funds on FTX or on a binance, it's a derivatives platform. So naturally, even if you're super, super bullish crypto, right, hold 90% of your funds in cold storage and use the leverage inherent in these platforms to hedge. Whether it's long, whether it's short, whether it's to directionally trade or to arbitrage, these things offer inherent leverage. So it just really puzzles me how people get just absolutely burned on these platforms, or even suggest that someone raising questions about the core business model, the fact that people have an emotional reaction to this, of, oh, this is fuD. You're just fudding the industry. What does that mean? Right. The whole ethos of this, of this bitcoin thing, of this crypto thing, right? So trust, verify, and the fact that I say I don't trust anybody, I don't trust cZ, I don't trust SBF, I don't trust, you know, Jesse Powell seems like a great guy. I don't trust Jesse. Right. So I like, and that's, and Jesse would say the same thing. Jesse Powell is a very reasonable CEO. He's raising questions about the binance proof of reserve. Why is, why do you state collateralization levels instead of just matching one to one assets to liabilities? But raising this question, raising these red flags is supposedly fud and is like, makes me a bad actor of sorts, which doesn't make sense.
Speaker B: Right. Well, Dylan, I want to get to, you know, a human side of things, if I will. I just want to talk about another popular tweet that came up to my attention that I also want you to sort of break it down to me is the little screen grab of exchange of messages. I don't know who the other person that you talking to, AP arc public, but it was just a little screen grab picture that you posted on Twitter. And it basically, basically said execs bailing, institutional capital, fleeing and charges coming like, break that conversation out to me while you posted it. And what stuck out to you most? Like, if I was someone just in bed scrolling through Twitter, like, what are the messages are you trying to send me through posting this out?
Speaker C: Well, yeah. Again, it's just like, this is just probabilistic adversarial thinking, which I think people in the space have for some reason to have almost none of. Right. Like, this isn't a personal thing. The reality is, like, I don't know, about seven executives. I can't verify that. What I do know is Brian books. Brian Brooks, former comptroller of the currency, United States, was chief of legal at Coinbase for two and a half years. As Coinbase front ran, investors listed garbage, altcoins that VC's dumped on retail, et cetera. He joined Binance CEO for three months and left and has, you know, probably 55 pages of non disclosure agreements where we don't hear a peep out of him. Like, why did he only, why did he only last three months? Right? And I don't know, but all I'm saying is there's, there's like, there's a. Evidently there's something wrong, right? Why does binance hop from jurisdiction, jurisdiction to jurisdiction, just to jurisdiction? Like, I'm not a status. I'm not calling for, like, regulation. I'm not calling for, like, the DOJ to clamp down. Honestly, I think it's quite impressive what they've managed to build. It's a massive, massive scale. But all Im saying is that you have this black box that is the binance platform, right. Thats cross collateralized, that theres all these altcoins going on. Theres the BNB chain. They minted this altcoin Ico out of thin air in 2018. Its now worth 2.5 million. Bitcoin is worth what BnB is worth. Id even ask CZ this if I had the opportunity to talk to him. Id say, do you think, you know, if you believe in bitcoin as global money in the future, do you think your essentially centralized fork version of Ethereum is worth 14% of global money? And like, I don't think so. Right. So like all of the, all of these things that wasn't really directly answering your question, but like one Reuters dropped two days ago that the DOJ is looking at Binance. We're seeing SPF and all of the things that they're doing, whether it's, you know, securities fraud, all of these things. Right. Like, again, I'm not calling for anything. I'm just saying, like, if you don't think that there's regulatory clamp down coming, then you're, then you're being, I think, a little naive in that sense.
Speaker B: Right. Just an opportunity to have an open conversation. Of course, CZ, if you are watching this, we're more than happy to host that conversation for you in the very near future. Right. Look, let's talk about one of our next tweets. Look, I think being in crypto, you have to be a little bit pessimistic. FTX was one of the biggest players around. And just look how that toppling came over of a company. Within hours, I would say it was just first sniffing it out and then really, FTX is no longer here. Can you imagine saying that, like two months ago? So I think approaching the crypto space with a daily dose of pessimism is important. I think it's good to be critical of the crypto space and put things into question. This is your money, this is your investment, and you want it to be safe. So I think for someone like me, I just want to be a little bit more in tune and just have, you know, continue the open conversations of having these sort of conversations to carry on. So another tweet that I picked up on Dylan, and yes, I have been stalking your Twitter timeline basically is another tweet that I picked up is, you know, for someone who for me, is not too into charts, and I don't care how much you're screaming and ranting at me at the screens, right? I don't study charts day in, day out, because no one told me enough charts to put it in my face that crypto winter was going to start, right? So for someone like me, not so much too deep into charts. I'm seeing on one of your tweets right here. Like, Dylan, if you can explain to me, what are you trying to flag here in your tweet thread with the, with the chart that we're seeing right now?
Speaker C: Yeah. So I mean, this is like not even a crypto specific thing. This is just a financial markets thing. You know, gravity is not, is just a reality of, of physics, right? So, like when I think of financial markets, right, gravity applies. So whether this, if I was looking at Tesla's chart, right, or must come down. And so when something goes from forty bucks to two hundred bucks in the span of two weeks, right, and coincidentally, if you just look at FTT versus finance, SEC started going parabolic and then a few weeks later. But BNB does the same thing, right? Like there's obviously an incentive for something to happen. If you say to me, and I know this is during the bull run, where everything went parabolic, but if you look at the outperformance of all these altcoins, there was a clear driver of these flows, whether it was Alameda pumping Solana ecosystem, whether it was three arrows capital chucking money at everything and everything, whether it was the same billion dollars of leverage being piled on for whatever reason, BNB went from dollar 40 to dollar 200 in the span of about a month, right, since. And you know, and then it went to 600 or whatever it did, right? And we can see whether it's the spot volume, whether it's the derivatives volume, you can see there's just a gap from like $40 to 200 something dollars. Okay, great. And so as the owner of BNB, or the majority owner, or at least a 40% owner, Binance got 40% of the ICO this token that was, that they printed from nothing. Great. And that's an ecosystem now. And it's a, they have the binance smart chain and all this stuff. I understand, I completely understand what it is. But I just question when CZ says the one thing about the one lesson from FTX, never borrow against your exchange token. Binance has no debt and we've never leveraged against our exchange token in the same voice. Cz will say, we've never sold our BnB token. We hodl. So I say, as someone that just thinks about human psychology and economic incentives and the history of financial markets, and human greed and fear. Yeah, well if you printed something out of nothing and four years later was worth $50 billion, BNB market cap was like $110 billion at the top, you're telling me you wouldn't maybe think about dipping your toe in the cookie jar if you could do it via your own business, right? And so when CZ says that in the same vein of an SBF, and I'm not saying CZ is a fraud, I'm not saying this, I'm not saying binance is insolventhe. I'm just saying people should evaluate and people should think about the probability that there is a non zero correlation between the price action of BNB and the value of the BNB token and the solvency of finance. Because if you say that the relationship between those two things is definitively zero, I disagree with you. That's all I'm saying. And so I say it's a non zero relationship between the solvency of the binance platform and the token value of b and b. And other people will say no, no way, and get emotional and say im fudding, thats great. But I think the adversarial thinking that ive displayed not just me personally, but just anybody thats people also were yelling and screaming at me and kicking that I said that FDT being at $22 and having no volume below that while the Alameda balance sheet was levered was not a good sign. And she tweets hey, we'll buy it all at $22. And I say guys, they just marked their line in the sand and everyone says no, that's fud. They have all the cash in the world to buy it. And so I'm just saying I don't think the relationship between BNB being up all time high in BTC terms and guess what? What are the only two performers, the major cap cryptos, that have outperformed bitcoin during this bear market? Because remember, it's all beta. This is just the reality of the crypto market. And if you say otherwise, I respectfully, you don't know what you're talking about. The only the only three outperformers of bitcoin in the bear market during 2022. Dogecoin, XRP and BNB, right? One is a total meme, Dogecoin right? That's I think it's like 70% from its all time highs or 50% from its all time highs in bitcoin terms. The other is a quasi security that's been dead for four or five years. XRP it's down 90% in bitcoin terms from its all time high. The other is BNB. Right. Somehow insulated from the crypto implosion and somehow just, you know, five or 10% from its all time highs in bitcoin terms. So, as someone that just studies financial markets, regardless of CZ, regardless of anything, that gives me questions, right. How is it so isolated? And he says, we don't lever against it. Great. But your users do. And you subsidize the financing cost. If you go on binance, and you look at binance loans, you collateralize your b and b and you can. And you can access dollars, you can access bitcoin, you can access all these things. So it is a levered quasi monetary asset security. So there should be volatility on the downside. So something that trades with two x, the volatility of bitcoin during a bull run is suddenly absent volatility to the downside, right? Like, that's those three questions.
Speaker B: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real vision crypto daily briefing.
Speaker D: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what. With each vendor. Ramp's software collects and verifies receipts instantly. To save your team valuable time, Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments. Time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get dollar 250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy. Ramp.com easy. Ramp.com easy. Cards issued by Sutton bank and celtic bank members of DIC. Terms and conditions apply.
Speaker B: So, yeah, so, Dylan, I want to. I know you're, you know, you've got a nose for sniffing up this kind of stuff. So, like, are you hearing similar issues with other exchanges? How deep do you think this will sort of go? But also, what do you think, like, a post washout world would look like?
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, I just think that in crypto, right? Like there's. There's. People kind of say there's. You know, I personally, I'm a bitcoin maximalist in a way, right? I understand the crypto ecosystem. I study it a bunch. Ultimately, I think that a lot of it is just speculation that there is a monetary premium or a terminal value or a value in a lot of these other tokens. That's really. It's a second syndrome thinking it's a second system syndrome, where someone says, well, the first one wasn't good enough. I always tell people, say, bitcoin is the first one. How do you know it's real? How do you know it's not going to be overtaken? This is better. That's better. And I say, no, bitcoin is not the first digital cash. It was the first digital cash that we figured out. We engineered this thing, and now we have something that connects the digital world and the physical world through proof of work mining. We have the first asset in human history that is not the liability of anyone else and is only a pure asset. Bitcoin has no liability to anybody. You can say Ethereum or BNB is the same. And I say, no, it's not. BNB has its validators arbitrarily halt the chain when something goes wrong. Is that your property or is that the property of Cz? It's the same with a lot of these other tokens, I think. Is the washout done? I don't know. A lot of this is a result of the macro flows and the macro liquidity tied broadly. Could we go lower? Absolutely. This whole thing could definitely go 50% lower at any time. You know, I ask people to think that, right. You should always be prepared to go lower. That shouldn't invalidate your bitcoin thesis. But I think BNB, like, really go down the list. Any of these altcoins, right? I think they go down against bitcoin on the long term by a lot. And I think people are prepared for that.
Speaker B: Okay. Hey, Dylan, you mentioned a bit about mining. I'm sorry. We picked up a story, it's not the most positive one, about bitcoin mining, but I'm just going to bring in Jeremy back in. Jeremy, do you want to just sort of give us the highlights of this sort of bitcoin mining story that we picked up over the. From dispatch of the earth in London?
Speaker A: Yeah, certainly. And this has been a fascinating conversation. I'm on the edge of my seat listening to Dylan here, but we wanted to pick up this story. We're hearing that one of the biggest bitcoin miners is fighting hard to avoid chapter eleven bankruptcy. We're talking about the London based Argo blockchain. Shares in the company plunged nearly 50% as it warned of the risk. I'd love to get your insight on this, Dylan. Elaine, what's the context here?
Speaker B: So I read a little bit about this. So according to the filing, its filing on the London stock Exchange, the company could run out of cash within a month. There are a couple of things that the company is doing to avoid it, though. Argo says it is in advance talks to sell certain assets to a third party. We don't know what exactly that they're trying to offload. But Argo also wants to engage in an equipment financing transaction. It's essentially a loan secured against its mining machines and other valuable hardware. You know, these machines are expensive, they're pricey and they're worth something. Argo shares were suspended from trading on Friday. That's after a test page was accidentally published on its website. It's implied that the company is about to file for bankruptcy. We're not quite there yet, but it's not looking rosy. I don't know. Dylan, do you have anything to say to this one?
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, Argo or really any of these miners. The reality is bitcoin mining. Bitcoin mining, asics, bitcoin mining, equity. If you think about how the bitcoin mining works, right, hash rate, the economic incentive to monetize waste energy resources is massive. So if you can get, like, there is zero cost energy all over the planet that we haven't yet harnessed or utilized. So what is bitcoin mining? Bitcoin mining is the first thing that we have. We have. That is a demand response solution to monetize waste energy resources. So what is bitcoin mining? Well, bitcoin mining is just a way to. To monetize that. And so with that, we have. We have this. This protocol that's. That's in an. In a. I'm sorry, what's. What's the word? Yeah, this. This asymptotic supply issue and schedule. Right, where at first, 50 bitcoin were released every ten minutes or every block. Then it went to 25, then twelve and a half. Now it's at 6.25 bitcoin every single block. About 900 a day. In 2024, that's going to cut to 3.125 bitcoin every block or 450 bitcoin a day. So what's happening? The supply issuance of bitcoin is trending towards zero. Eventually, bitcoin mining will just be a fee based model. So what does that mean for miners and mining related equities? Well, really, bitcoin miners only appreciate in bitcoin terms, which is, I think, how you should look at it. Bitcoin miners appreciate in bitcoin terms when the price is outpacing the growth in hashrate. So whats happening now? Price is going down, hash rates going up. Whats happening to the value of these miners? Theyre getting decimated, especially any miners that have any net leverage on their balance sheet. So whether thats net leverage to buy bitcoin, to buy infrastructure, to buy asiCs, a lot of these miners got loans against ASIC values as their collateral and they secured those loans against the core business. So Argos down 99% from its all time high. Why? Well, because they went public in September of 2021, which was like the golden age of mining after the China miner ban. And after bitcoin went to new all time highs. Well, hashrate was 30% from the highs. Right. And all of these cheap Asics flooded the market. So now whats happening? Well, hash rates at 50% higher than it was at the all time high and price is down 75%. So their margins are getting absolutely decimated ultimately. Like a bunch of miners are going to go bankrupt, a bunch of miners are going to go bust. There's going to be miners that don't. What, the hash rate's going to drop a bunch. The difficulty adjustment's going to ratchet down. And the ones that are still alive, the ones that are still well capitalized, are going to buy up all the AsiCs and going to continue hashing. So it's nothing but a thing. I mean, I'm certainly, I don't hold any mining related exposure at the moment, but mining isn't dead and it's just a natural capitalistic cleanse of this ecosystem. It's extremely healthy.
Speaker B: Yeah. Oh, Dylan, I want to ask you sort of this whole debacle around centralized exchanges, is this good or bad for bitcoin in the long run?
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, I don't necessarily think it's good or bad. I think it just is. Right. I don't necessarily think that the cross collateralization of bitcoin against what some people jokingly call the shitcoin industrial complex, I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing. A lot of these tokens, let's be real, are fundamentally worthless. Casinos are fine. I like going to the casinos every once in a while. But a lot of these tokens aren't going to exist in five or ten years. Let's be real. Some of them will. But I think more. So the exciting story is that bitcoin, as it's growing and as it's monetizing across global balance sheets, what's happening with the monetization of bitcoin in a logarithmic scale? Bitcoin is just monetizing by an order of magnitude every four to five years. Right. And so it's down 80%. It's done that plenty of times. Is the failure of FTX a good thing or a bad thing? Well, I would say it's a great thing, because imagine if FTX didn't go under, and all of a sudden, three years from now, they're, they're a commodity trading house, and they have equities, and they're, instead of 5 billion in deposits and fraud, there's 100 billion. Right? So, like, so, like, if, if there's a fraud in the market, right, if there's a fraud, whether it's leverage, whether it's, whether it's hacks, whatever it is, if there's a fraud, this is why withdrawing your bitcoin is a great thing, because the best thing that could ever happen to binance is if all of their bitcoin and all of their stable coins and everything got drained. They were perfectly operational, and they didn't halt withdrawals once. That would be a gold star in terms of legitimacy, reputability, et cetera. Imagine if this happened to FTX and their operations were perfectly fine. How much trust would that give to, to SBF, to their operation? And they went bust. So I dont think its necessarily good or bad. I think it just is a thing. Mount Gox was the only exchange in the world in 2013 or 2014, and it collapsed. Was that the end of bitcoin? No. If finance collapsed, would that be the end of bitcoin? No, of course not. Would it hurt the crypto complex? Yeah, but is that stopping this? No.
Speaker B: You know what ive got to ask you, right? Yesterday I was, you know, in a, in the cafe. In a cafe. Had my italian barista, and he was really intrigued about my screens, you know, with the charts, with some tokens or whatever digital assets I was looking at. He goes, ah, cryptocurrency, I really want to buy that. What's the best place to get bitcoin? And then I looked at him, and I didn't know what to utter out of my mouth, because I just don't know how to safely on board people onto crypto nowadays. What do you think I should have said to him?
Speaker C: I mean, it depends on the jurisdiction, right? It depends on, I mean, I personally just tell people like, bitcoin is something that you should have as a savings plan with a low percentage of your net worth. The average person shouldn't be punting like 100% or 50% or 20% of their net worth into bitcoin, especially if they're struggling to make ends meet right. In the west. It serves as kind of a speculative vehicle, a speculative asset for some people that don't have property rights or don't have access to western financial services. It's a completely different game. And so, yeah, bitcoin is part of that story. Stable coins are part of that story. Right? There's people that use tether on Tron in Africa that don't have bank accounts. Is that a long term solution? I don't think so. And I think ultimately what we covered earlier with the fact that bitcoin is the only thing that isn't a liability of anybody else is the biggest innovation here. That's a massive story that people don't really understand yet. So what should you have replied? Well, it depends. I probably would have referred them to a bitcoin only exchange probably because I find that most people, when you tell them, hey, this bitcoin thing is going to be really important and it's going to potentially change the world in five or ten or 20 years. They go on, they see that XRP is really cheap and they buy it without understanding what it is, without understanding the properties of XRP, without understanding it's a quasi security that was sold by a company. And that's maybe, you know, that's maybe being a little too broad stroke, but I don't really think so.
Speaker B: No, no, I don't care enough.
Speaker C: There's a lot of. There's a lot of noise in this ecosystem. There's a lot of, there's a lot of scams. There's a lot of distractions. I'm not calling everything a scam. I'm not calling everybody a fraud. I'm not doing that. But people misunderstand the story. Here we have a global monetary asset that's monetizing in real time and it's doing it in a very volatile way with a lot of leverage and a lot of noise. But what's going to be here in ten years? There's probably only one thing that I'm comfortable with. There is only one thing I'm comfortable with going into coma for ten or 15 years and waking up and that's bitcoin and the rest of it is not the same. Right.
Speaker B: Dylan, I don't want that to happen for you because I enjoy talking to you so much. So I'm going to go for the last question from me. Is someone like, for me, I cover, obviously, a lot more NFT, a lot more ethereum. You've got a very close eye and got your pause in too. Bitcoin that you live and breathe this stuff. What needs to happen for crypto, for it to come alive again?
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, I, like, I don't think crypto necessarily is going to die, but like, what, what is, whether it's NFTs or Defi or anything else, like I always like, kind of somewhat jokingly, somewhat seriously, like, you know, banter about ethereum. Right? Like, what is ethereum? Well, I think it's a really cool thing. It's essentially tradfi on quasi decentralized rails. But is the ability to take a centralized wrapper, stablecoin? Essentially. Let's be real. USDC is essentially a US central bank digital currency. They hold treasury bills, they issue a token based on the treasury's arbitrary mandates. They can freeze, seize, do anything they want, blacklist your addresses. But is it cool that I can go borrow USDC against my wrapped bitcoin, against my ethereum? Sure. Right. Is that the future of finance? And personally, I think the future of finance is a global digital barrier asset. That's money built for enemies. I think there's only one shot in the digital age for a global neutral reserve asset. I think that's bitcoin. Whether I think nfts, deFi, decentralized exchanges, swaps, uniswap, makerdao, all of these things. It's fascinating. It's cool computer science experiments. I just don't think in terms of long term staying power or neutrality as a protocol in the sense of not being able to be influenced at the whims of political discussions or influence. 50%, 60, 70% of Ethereum validators are OFAC compliant. Why? Because they cut the head off the miners and gave block production and gave it to centralized exchanges. Right. Because it's now no longer at the block production level. It's not miners, it's not proof of work. What is it? It's stakers. And who holds all the stake? The centralized exchanges. So like, I don't, I don't necessarily think Ethereum is a bad thing. I just think what they're competing for is two entirely different things. And those things get convoluted just because you know the nature of crypto.
Speaker B: Okay, well, Dylan, thank you for answering all my questions. Now, you know, on this show, it's creation around the community. So we do have some viewer questions, which I'm going to pull Jeremy back in because I know you have a few taken from whatever platforms that we're looking over right now.
Speaker A: We certainly do. The audience is very engaged having Dylan on the show today. And I'm just sitting here, like I said, on the edge of my seat, and Dylan says, don't go 100% into the digital asset space. And I'm just like, that's not me. But anyways, let's get to our viewer questions. The crypto gardener asking Dylan on YouTube, if there are any other exchanges that Dylan is skeptical of, any others that you kind of have under your microscope, if you could provide some insight on that.
Speaker C: Yeah, really, anything with a healed product, I don't feel safe with. I just like, I mean, honestly, at this point, I just think that the scope of the collapse in Luna, three arrows capital genesis, the biggest market makers in the space, the biggest lenders in the space, all of the biggest counterparties, and the fact that especially every single carry trade, like, if you think of bitcoin denominated yield, stablecoin denominated yield, where did all this come from? It came from a few things. It came from the grayscale, bitcoin arbitrage. It came from the futures basis. And then after both those things collapsed, it came from the Ust Luna Ponzi. All of those things are gone. Right? So where is the yield coming from? If there's any yield bearing products, where, if they're offering 5% on stable coins, where is yield coming from? Because short term treasuries give you 4% or 3%, right? If they're offering you yield on bitcoin, where does yield come from? Because bitcoin doesn't give you any yield. So I think one, if it has any sort of yield service run, right? Like there's the risk reward there. People don't really do the math all that much. The risk reward there, it's not yield. Essentially, you're just selling, you're shorting this tail risk event. So it's like that chart of 1000 days of a turkey and the life expectancy, and then all of a sudden, right at the end, thanksgiving comes around and drops to zero and it's like, oh, it's a black swan event. We could have never seen this coming, guys. So in terms of exchanges, I'm not saying finance is in trouble. I'm not saying that. I'm saying you just should probabilistically assess the scenario that it's not 100% certainty they are solvent, because what is this? Last year taught us, if anything? Right? Like, there is no lender of last resort in this industry. And so when bad things happen, ultimately you get rugged. So that's what I just want to stress to everybody.
Speaker B: Okay, I got one for you, Dylan. And this comes from a gentleman called Paul Cloke coming in to us from the tube. He's asking, Dylan, could you talk a little bit about GBTC, possibly representing another paper claim on bitcoin?
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, grayscale bitcoin trusts holds 630,000 bitcoin they issue. It's a closed end fund, so it's not redeemable two ways. Everybody and their mother went in this trade super levered long to capture this arbitrage spread. In the sense of, you redeem dollars or bitcoin, for GBTC at digital currency group, there's a six month lockup, and this thing was trading at a premium for its entire life up until February of 2021. So block five, three arrows capital. I've even heard that FTX and Alameda was in this trade. They all went very, very levered long in this trade with the counterparties being digital currency group, and then they'd go pledge to the shares, to Genesis to lever against it, which is a subsidiary of DCG. So why is the premium or discount now at -50% to net asset value? Well, you had all this leverage in this space in a liquid derivative of bitcoin with a 2% annual fee forever. And so as blockfi, as three arrows capital, as DCG themselves, who levered against it has to unwind this. There's nothing. Nearly as many natural buyers for bitcoin that's securitized on OTC rails as there is for immutable bitcoin that can be self custodied. So I think it's an interesting kind of trade to see. Hey, maybe this nav narrows a bit, but am I comfortable with holding GBTC with a significant portion of my net worth rather than bitcoin itself, even if it is, you know, the cost equivalent of, like, nine k bitcoin? I mean, no, like, I. Maybe as a small bet, right? But, like, for retirement portfolios, maybe as bitcoin like exposure, but I don't have confidence in the long term that this will ever be converted into an ETF so that 2% fee, right. That compounds for a while.
Speaker B: All right, just to put Dylan's answer in context, just in case you're not familiar with GBTC, GBTC is a bitcoin trust run by Grayscale, whose sister company, Genesis, has run into some financial troubles. The next asset value on GBTC shares has hit a record of nearly 50%. All right, next over bringing back Jeremy. There are more coming in, actually. What else you got for us, Jeremy?
Speaker A: So we have got Chris Weir on YouTube asking. Dylan was the second top in November of 21, led by FTX pumping Solana bags as theorized by the Corey K at Swan, or is there more to it, do you think?
Speaker C: Yeah, I think that was certainly played part of it, right? I mean, if you look at the bot, if you look at the bottom of 20, like the summer bottom post kind of china ban and all that, 30k was very heavily shorted, and it was shorted specifically on actually binance and FTX with stable coins. So if you remember, bitcoin went from like thirty k to forty k, and almost like overnight it went from like 32 and gapped really, really hard. And that was a mechanical move. The mechanical move being there was a whole bunch of shorts had to cover into a liquid market to the upside, from forty k to sixty k. It was somewhat. FTX led the altcoins inflating this kind of crypto bubble. We had the NFT craze, this whole thing, remember, it's cross collateralized. So Ethereum and Solana pumping, even though there's really no natural buyers to support these market caps over the long term. What happened is that rising tide lifted all boats and bitcoin was certainly played a part in that. Also, the futures ETF, if you remember that, that speculation about that being passed in September and October led to CMe based speculation, futures based speculation, and that premium of bitcoin trading at futures trading at 45,000 or 44,000, that leverage actually incentivized a whole lot of speculators and arbitrageurs to finance that. And so that kind of was like a virtuous loop and all of that obviously came crashing back down. So I think they definitely played a part of it. I don't know about entirely responsible, but that minor leverage and also the grayscale GPTC leverage where they were trying to support this market cap with the same, like, if you think of three arrows capital, right? Like blowing up. It was essentially those guys, FTX at Grayscale, it was like the same billion dollars that was levered and recycled over in various ways. Also, the Luna Ponzi, right, like Luna was UST combined, was worth $60 billion. And that was what was. It was a perpetual motion machine that collapsed to zero. Right? So, like, all of these things kind of like lifted, lifted the tide and we're washing it all out, of course. Right? So we'll see what's actually real.
Speaker A: Thank you for that answer, Dylan. That's great. We have a question from Ralph on the RV website. First off, shout out to Ralph. He is always asking questions. Super engaged. Thank you very much, Ralph. But he's picking up on your comment, Dylan, that you made previously. He's asking, wouldn't gold be the first asset? That is not the liability of someone else.
Speaker C: Yeah, it is. But if you like, this is what I pose to gold bucks when someone says, hey, we're going to return to a gold standard. Or, or the solution to all this fiat madness is a return to gold. I say we were on a gold standard, a global gold standard, and it wasn't a result of government mandate. And now where are we? We're in a world where seven, 8 billion people use fiat, free float, fiat currencies. So why? Why is that a thing? Why is that the reality we live in today? How did gold, as global money, lose its status? And it lost its status because gold cannot be, cannot function in a modern economy without trust and hearing in the system. So if you think about it, gold can transfer value across time extremely well. It's been, I say, a fine man suit for thousands of years. But what can it not do? It can't transfer that value across space. So what do you need? You need trusted intermediaries, you need ledgers. And guess who's and there's trust built into that ledger. That's the whole reason fractional reserve banks were a thing, was because I don't want to hold my gold, right? So I'm going to give you the gold and you're going to issue me a certificate of deposit. You're going to issue me a note. And what's human incentives like? If you think about why FTX collapsed, why did these guys collapse? Well, they were rehypothecating bitcoin. They were rehypothecating assets. You trusted them and they broke that trust. The history of financial markets has riddled with that trust. So if we're going to return to a gold backed standard, I say, okay, great. So you're going to trust JP Morgan, or you're going to trust the treasury, or you're going to trust this gold backed currency that's maybe on a blockchain. Well, how do you know they're not rehypothecating that gold? It's ironic that we have this decentralized digital asset that's verifiably able to be proven with a signature in a trivial manner, that you own it and that no one else owns it via mathematics and cryptography. And it's funny that we've had all these leveraged crypto blow ups, especially with unsecured leverage and all of this and three arrows capital submitting a PDF with their assets when they could have just signed via their addresses on a blockchain instead. So we're going to return to a goldback standard, and we're going to return to a world where we trust everybody to have the gold. Right? It's just age old economics says that's just a fallacy. There's a reason gold failed, and it's because it's a base metal that requires trust. And so we have an engineering solution to that. I think a lot of people haven't figured that out yet. Right.
Speaker A: Very interesting. Yeah, you made some very good points there. I've got another follow up from Ralph. He's on fire today. He wants to know, and I'm going to piggyback this one because I'm curious as well, what else are you bullish on, aside from bitcoin, if anything?
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, I'm not even necessarily bullish on the price action of bitcoin in the near term or the medium term. I think right now you can explain a lot of the bitcoin underperformance because of the crypto ecosystem, but also it's the macro environment. And it's the reality that in a world where the Fed is tightening monetary policy, the USD in a politically programmatic way, in the same way that people say, like, bitcoin is programmed to go up forever. And I've said similar type things like it's a monetary asset with a group of price agnostic buyers. Supply and demand says it's going to go up over the long term. Well, in the short term, you have the dollar strengthening. Why? Because they're politically tightening up that belt and the number go up technology of USD is taking that. So over the long term, what am I bullish on? Well, I'm bullish on human innovation. I mean, I'm bullish on the fact that equity markets and probably most assets in fiat denominated terms will go up and to the right as a result of the debasement of the currency. I mean, I am bullish on gold to maintain purchasing power. I'm bullish gold, the industrial metal. I'm not bullish gold as a monetary asset. Just being, uh, transparent. Um, so, like, yeah, I mean, I. I have a long short equity portfolio as well. I manage capital. Like, I'll trade volatility and. And similar stuff. But, uh, in terms of my long term, uh, thesis or investment allocation, I. I find myself hard pressed to find anything that I suspect to outperform bitcoin over the next decade and even longer. Like, my time horizon isn't three months, six months, two years. My time horizon as a 21 year old is. Is 40 years. Right?
Speaker B: 21.
Speaker A: I was going to say. Wait, 21 years old.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Listening to this conversation, I don't know about you guys, but I'm going to buy in the green again on bitcoin. I'm ready to grow.
Speaker A: Right? Yeah. This has made me significantly more bullish. Bitcoin. The last question of the day is coming from Schwab on YouTube. Schwab wants to know your thoughts on CBdcs. And for those watching that might not be aware, those are central bank digital currencies.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, I think it's just fiat abstracted as some potential technological revolution when it's nothing of the, like, right? Like, we already have CBDCs in a way. It's just, it's Venmo, it's PayPal, it's cash app. Whether it's USDC, whether it's on a blockchain, whether they program it to have some Ubi in China. You're already seeing like money with expiration dates. Like, if that's the future you want or you see of the world, like, great, you know, be bullish on cbdcs, I think it's potentially, you know, a backdoor to have, you know, the, it's like the most. It's the biggest overreach of human rights freedom and the surveillance state and financial privacy we've ever seen. And we're already living in that world. Like, let's be real, if the government wants to see something about your financial transactions with Mastercard, they will see it. But if you think, you know, if you think, oh, this fiat system is unsustainable, let's introduce cbdcs, right? Like, what is the technological innovation there? And I say there is none, right? It will still be, it will still be a non capped programmatic monetary policy. And even say this, like, even in a thought scenario where the government of the US or the government of the world or whoever nation state says no, don't worry, guys. Rcbdc is ultrasound, or rcbdC is scarce. Right. Do you trust them to implement that scarcity? Because you are trusting them? So what do I think about cbdcs? I think it's not a world that I want to live in, and it's certainly coming indirectly, explicitly or implicitly. So, yeah, I mean, I'm a huge champion of bitcoin. Why? Because I think we're moving into a world where we're slowly entering a digital panopticon. And this thing, bitcoin, is an engineering solution that potentially maybe is our only hope at a world where we're not subject to this tyrannical future.
Speaker A: Amen to that, my friend. You said that very well. We are going to wrap up the show today with our key takeaways. Dylan, stick around. We're coming to you for yours in just a moment. But from my side, obviously, we talked a lot about binance today. We've obviously seen the largest outflows from binance since June 2022, with $3.6 billion moving off the exchange in the last few days. This is my hope that people in the space that are speculating on this space are now understanding the importance of self custody of those assets and storing those assets safely off exchange. Dylan made a very good point when he said that the meteoric rise of these platforms is bound to make you pose questions, and you should pose those questions and do your own research. This is healthy for the space in the long run. If an exchange is solvent, no amount of tweets should affect that at all. To add to that, Dylan said that proof of reserves don't mean much if we don't also have proof of liabilities. And finishing that thought, the whole ethos of crypto is don't trust, verify. And that really ties in well to the conversation we had with Sergey Nasroff of Chainlink last week when he said that the kind of ethos over at Chainlink is proof, cryptographic proof over paper trust. So those are my key takeaways. Dylan, I want to go to you very quickly for yours.
Speaker C: Continue to reiterate that. I mean, whether it's my personal thesis or, like, the bitcoin thesis, I just say nothing has changed. Right? It's like, oh, the crypto winter. Like, will everything recover? And like I say, what has actually changed here? Yeah, there was some fraud, there was some leverage. And what was the result of all this? What was the result of the implosion? Well, you know, the mark to market exchange rate released to the downside okay, like, what is. What has changed about the engineering of the bitcoin protocol? What has changed about the long term reality that fiat as a monetary instrument is politically programmed to debase forever? It's a function of the monetary system, a debt based monetary system that is required, that, like, requires perpetual credit expansion to exist and persist. It's just a fact. Right. So is the long term game changed at all? No. If you came in here expecting that the volatility was only going to be to the upside and not the downside, I have news for you. You were wrong. But there's going to be plenty of volatility going forward. The thesis in my end is unchanged. I think crypto is going to continue. Whether it's binance, whether it's XyZ derivative exchange, whether it's fidelity, there's going to be new actors. There's going to be old actors that leave. There's going to be people that go bust. You should really, like, I think, at an individual level, digest and internalize what your belief is here and whether the last month of that has really changed your thesis on it. Because if it has, then I think maybe you were not in it for the wrong reasons, because that sounds harsh, but maybe your thoughts or thesis wasn't actually aligned with what's going on here, because nothing has changed, in my view. Maybe, like, the timeline has shifted a bit, but like, yeah, you know, look.
Speaker B: Dylan, everything that you mentioned, I think at the end of this conversation, we're still here for it. Look, I just want to. I know we had some really serious conversation, but before. This is the very last thing I want to pull up. Right, let's pull up this tweet right here. I'm not going anywhere in a show without bringing up some crypto Twitter shit talk. Look at this right now. Do you feel from Jim Cramer? Do you feel as reassured by Binance as I do, Cz? Binance retreats and he replies, okay, Jim, don't use binance for the sake of everyone else half joking.
Speaker A: I love that.
Speaker B: I love that.
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, enough said there. You can read into that as you will, but quite a clap back by CZ. That's quite funny. That's my first time seeing that. And that's, you know, quite interesting, to say the least.
Speaker B: Jeremy. It is what it is.
Speaker A: It certainly is. That is it for today. I want to thank Dylan LeClaire for coming on the show. We look forward to having you back. Thank you very much for joining us, sir.
Speaker C: Thanks, guys. It was a lot of fun. And yeah, we'll do it again sometime.
Speaker A: Thank you very much, Elaine. Also, pleasure doing the show with you for the first time. I hope we get to do this again as well.
Speaker B: Of course.
Speaker A: Awesome. Well, that's it for today for the real Vision crypto daily briefing. Don't forget to subscribe. RV Crypto is 100% free for those of you watching on YouTube. As I mentioned at the top of the show, if you are not a subscriber yet, please subscribe. Hit like that notification bell as well. Join us again tomorrow. We have Benjamin Cohen who will be live with the latest technical analysis. See you at noon eastern time, 05:00 p.m. london, live on the real Vision crypto daily briefing.
