Speaker A: Golddealer.com provides one of the nation's largest inventories of gold, silver, platinum, palladium and rhodium bullion, and our website offers live buy and sell prices. We specialize in precious metal IRA accounts, charge no setup or shipping fees, and provide one of the best storage programs in the business. GoldDealer.com also provides a free audio quote line that is updated twice each day and a gold newsletter that is published every week.
Speaker B: Join over 20,000 attendees for the world's largest crypto event, token 2049 Singapore on the 18th to the 19 September Balaji, Srinivasan, Solanaz, Anatoli, Arthur Hayes and over 250 others will hit the stage as Tokin 2049 takes over the iconic Marina Bay sands in Singapore with over 500 side events during Token 2049 week, Singapore will transform into a crypto hub from the 16th to the 22 September, capped off by after 2049 and the Formula one Grand Prix race weekend. Everyone will be there. This is the one event you can't miss this year. Visit realvision.com token 2049 for 15% off tickets only with the code realvision link.
Speaker C: In description hi, I'm Ralph Powell and welcome to my show the Journeyman, where I journey to the nexus of macro, crypto and the exponential age of technology. All of us, in fact, spend a lot of time on Twitter and other platforms looking for signal. But as we know, there's a huge amount of noise out there. It's really difficult to understand. Everybody's hopes and dreams, fears and excitement are all played out in real time, and it's kind of emotionally overwhelming, or just overwhelming overall to try and understand what is the bloody signal. You see, we built real vision around building the signal for people, curating the very best people. And what I do here on the journeyman is just a small fraction of what we do at real vision. I really urge you, if you're serious about your investing journey and you want to get more signal and less noise, then come and join us for free at real vision, realvision.com and there you'll see how we can unveil the world of finance and crypto in a way that you can understand it and take advantage of it. After all, this is once in a lifetime as an opportunity. You owe it to yourself. Anyway, when it comes to signal, there are few people that I really take seriously, thoughtful, intelligent people who spend time thinking about what they're going to talk about or how they invest. One of my absolute favorites is Chris Beniske. Chris really is the signal in the noise. He's one of the most thoughtful people I've ever come across in this space, and he's not driven by that kind of emotional turmoil that is x. He's like the straight path. And I think you would massively benefit from hearing me sit down with Chris, where we can talk through what are the opportunities in crypto? Where are we? And I can also pick his brains and he can pick mine, because an open dialogue is much easier in this format than it is in something like Twitter or X. And that's what I get out of this. I get to talk to people I really respect, and I really respect Chris. So enjoy the conversation. Join me, Raoul Pell, as I go on a journey of discovery through the macro, crypto, and exponential age landscapes in the journeyman. I talk to the smartest people in the world so we can all become smarter together. Chris, great to see you again.
Speaker A: Same, Raoul. When was it last? Was it a couple of years ago?
Speaker C: Something like that? It was like when we were both bullish, very early bull market, and I think we got together then.
Speaker A: So then it's been a cycle, and maybe we're just in the same place in this cycle as we were when we chatted last cycle.
Speaker C: Well, yeah, we chatted. We were this cycle when we chatted. It was like, it was still the bottom, I think it was when you'd started building a Solana thesis, and I had, I think. I can't quite remember.
Speaker A: Right. Well, we've had personal chats, too, or dad is back and forth. Well, yeah, I can't place it either, but here we are. I've got questions for you. I'm sure you've got questions for me.
Speaker C: First, let's just put the Chris lay of the land down where you think we are, where your focus is on. Then we'll just broaden it out from there.
Speaker A: Sure. Well, I suppose most people always want to know, where are we in the cycle? And to use a baseball analogy, I would think of it for crypto, late third, early fourth inning of nine innings type of thing. And then in terms of what I'm focusing on and placeholders focusing on, I'd say we're really focusing on growing value within the existing portfolio. We did a ton of work, investment work, in the second half of 2022. And all through 2023, a big focus for us was Solana, and that was both Sol itself, but also underwriting every quality venture team that we could in that period. And so that was things like tensor and drip and Jito and squads and Kamino and Eclipse and so on and so forth are all position rounds we led or participated in. And so then it's a lot of work to support those teams. And, you know, in the private market, given the run we had from late 2023 into q one of 2024, the private market always lies the public market, but it carries its own inertia. Public market ripped Seoul repriced majorly, and then a bunch of VC's wanted sole exposure and wanted Solana application of protocol teams in their portfolios. And so that has significantly expanded those valuations and decreased some of our appetite for investing there. That's not to say that the Solana ecosystem or the Ethereum ecosystem or the bitcoin ecosystem or any of these ecosystems don't have opportunity. It's more just how placeholder operates. More as a I think the longer we do this, the more I realize that one of our sweet spots is having money when everyone else runs out of money and then supporting people who need the help then, because there were things like when we underwrote tensor, I started speaking with the tensor guys late in 2022. You've gone through the Luna meltdown, the FTX meltdown. No one wants to touch Solana here. A founding team of two has built probably the most feature complete, amazing NFT exchange I've seen, and there's no VC's around it. And so that was late 22 into January of 2020.
Speaker C: People could not raise money at all. And so everything got marked down, everything got super cheap and really interesting. I don't know why people don't learn this. I mean, even now, you just see even VC funds can't raise money yet and theyll really raise money when they get, lets say, bitcoins, over 100,000. And before, you know, everyones investing in the late cycle all over again, they just rinse and repeat. Yeah.
Speaker A: And already, I mean, were seeing, call it these seed rounds where people raise $15 to $40 million. I mean, the amount raised for a seed round is more than the valuation of what a seed round should be in the world we exist in. And so that all kind of distorts, say, the momentum of the public market distorts what is a reasonable valuation of the private market, and it all feeds into itself until it collapses. And so I would say we're already in the early innings of seeing that feed into itself. And I don't want people to misinterpret this as, oh, this is the top, because I started by saying, you know, late third, early fourth inning, it's more just being aware of the way in which certain of these dynamics very predictably feed into themselves.
Speaker C: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back. Hi, you. Hey, listen, if you're enjoying this, come and see me on the YouTube channel, Raoul pal, the journeyman. Sign up there. Get everything I ever do. See you there. How do you think about the dichotomy between tokens and equity when it comes to VC? Because often tokens give, obviously earlier liquidity. Not that everybody sells them or anything, that's a false narrative. But a lot of the equity takes a lot longer to play out than the token site does. What accrues the real value here? I don't know. I'm still trying to think this thing through because it still confuses me somewhat.
Speaker A: Yeah, well, I would say if you look at blockchain venture or crypto venture, there's really token investing and there's equity investing, and what trips people up is equity structures are still used as the Kickstart for token investing. And so what I mean by that is, if you go back in time, placeholder used to use what we would call the placeholder development company, but it was a development company that would hold a percentage of the future network. We often like to have a development company that held a quarter to a third of the future network. At a quarter, it means that outsiders have three x what insiders do. At a third, it means outsiders for the permissionless public has two x what insiders do. But let's say you're going to price a network at $100 million and the development companies can hold a quarter of that network. A quarter of $100 million would suggest that that company could be worth a minimum of $25 million. And so that was an early model we used then warrants really became the norm. And so the way that warrants price things is there's a ratio between the price of the equity and the price of the network. And in the 25% model, it would be a four to one, which you don't really see anymore. You don't even really see a three to one anymore, which is the development company holding a third of the network. Really what you see now is a two to one. So development company holds about half of the network. And frighteningly, I'm seeing more and more. And it's been this case for a while. One to one s and a one to one implies that the company holds, theoretically could hold 100% of the network. Now where it all gets a little tricky is what percent of the equity is sold to investors. So even if the company holds theoretically 100% of network in a one to one model, if only 20% of the equity is ultimately sold to investors, it leaves 80% of the network to play with in terms of how it's allocated. Amongst founders foundation permissionless public, all of this is extremely malleable. That is more of the token side of things then the pure equity side of things is more like if you're investing in exchanges or picks and shovels or things that are very well understood in terms of how revenue and earnings are going to drive equity value.
Speaker C: Yeah. The other thing that's interesting is obviously because tokens give you exits essentially earlier. I wonder how much of the equity of all of this actually gets realized. And do founders care in the end about the equity? That's another thing I'm trying to get my head around, whether we've created a sort of perverse incentive without realizing it.
Speaker A: Yeah, if they're a protocol founder, they probably don't care that much about the equity is the truth. And, you know, and I do want to say one thing on the early exits. You know, you and I go through this all the time and seeing the ways in which things are misinterpreted on x, right? And there's the trope of evil. VC's dumping immediately upon listing VC's. At least if you're a reputable VC in the US, you are locked up for a year to begin with at a minimum. So like any dumping that people see, we actually joke sometimes internally, that in some parts of the stage of cycle it's retail dumping on VC's. Now that's not a sympathetic, no one's going to sympathize with the VC for that. It happens. And so VC's go through lockup periods, there's simply a one year cliff before there's any type of release schedule. So that's something people should keep in mind. Now, in terms of the longer term value, which really, I think is where your question is driving at, that is a very, that's a deep rabbit hole, right? I think that when you look at crypto as an asset class, there are probably fewer than 50 long term investable assets. And I mean like investable, like buy this thing and hold it for ten years, because investable, at least for me with how I was trained, is it has fundamentals that are going to drive the flows consistently within the market structure such that it appreciates over time if all those things being equal. And so many tokens are suffering under the weight of a perverse market structure with minimal profitability. And there's a bunch of reasons for why we've ended up here. It's like, it's not something that I think any single individual or group of entities wanted. And a lot of it has to do with the regulatory environment as well, and being trapped within that. And so we're going to have to work our ways out of that. And you and I can piece that apart a bit more if you want.
Speaker C: Yeah, there's another part of this whole equation I'm trying to get my head around. In fact, there's two other parts I want to talk to you about, just because they're not clear in my head, and I'm still trying to figure it out after all of these years. I know the ecosystem, particularly retail, loves airdrops, but they seem. And token incentive systems, but they seem to create really bad outcomes because they are more incentivized to dump it as fast as possible to capture it. We found this even in NFT communities, you're finding wage gaps. So you're finding, let's say somebody in the Philippines will dump anything down to a $10 profit because their monthly wages are less, while somebody in the US may not. And you're just seeing that time after time we do the airdrops, we try and bootstrap the network and people just take it and fuck off. I'm like, are we destroying the whole thing by doing this? By creating this complete insanity around airdrops?
Speaker A: Well, we're not destroying it because some of the core blockchains are indestructible. Reassured by that. Right? Yeah.
Speaker C: I'm not thinking of the core blockchains. I'm more thinking of the applications that come with airdrops. Incentives.
Speaker A: Right. Okay. I think while we're in teenage angst, and I think we are destroying some of those tokens and some of those applications, because if you launch at too high evaluation. Well, okay, let's go through the whole process here. Airdrops. Right now, the norm is ten to 20% of the fully diluted supply gets air dropped. And that came from a good place. That came from the early thinking of that was let's reward the early stakeholders who come together to actually make this network have utility. It's giving ownership to people who don't have the capital access to buy in at an early stage and earn it through their labor or some combination of labeler capital. Good intention. Right. But now it's become so predictable that there's all kinds of farms, right? And like, having seen how well intentioned entrepreneurs have tried to go through this and the amount of work it takes to try and filter out all the sibyls, or just, let's call them disingenuous actors. I don't want to call them bad actors, but disingenuous to the intention. It's so much work, and then everyone is unhappy because everyone basically got over, promised to about what they were going to get. And they like. Also, the fact that it's become, like, airdrop farming, or like, the industrialized airdrop farming complex dilutes the amount that goes to people.
Speaker C: The industrialized air drop farming complex, I love that that's what it's become.
Speaker A: And so it's lost the genesis of what it made it powerful for people. Because if you do look at some of the earlier airdrops from last cycle and this cycle, they've been powerful. Like Uniswap was powerful last cycle, Jitto was powerful. This cycle that came early, that came last year, late 2023, surprise people. Generous, because it was not widely farmed. So the more widely farmed it is, the less generous it is for every individual for the most part. And so there's that frustrating inverse correlation. And even, I would say the Celestia airdrop from early this cycle was also quite effective. But when Celestia airdrop happened, people were asking, what's less yet? As opposed to, you come to the here and now and the most recent big air drops, everyone wants the token everyone is talking about, but then everyone's disgruntled because they're all crowded in at this point, the utility of airdrops is to allow for a compliant launch of a token. In this red tape us regulatory environment, that's suboptimal as well. I would prefer, at least from a market structure standpoint, the ICO model of 2017, where you had 50% to 80% of the supply circulating upon day one, because that allows for a much more balanced market structure, as opposed to a top heavy, long duration market structure. And then from there, if you had 50, 60, 70, 80% of the supply circulating from day one, I think we would end up in an environment where fdvs would shrink. And that's okay. I see people on Twitter be like, you can't do that because fdvs will shrink. And I'm like, but isn't everyone complaining that fdvs are too high? Right? So, like, if you have more supply circulating and you have a more liberated market from day one, ftvs will shrink. It'll be much closer to circulating. And then what you might end up with is protocols, especially on the application protocol side, that are going to go through some form of profitability and might end up being classified in a digital asset security framework. They will go through. They either fund themselves through protocol profitability, debt or capital issuance. It starts to look not too dissimilar from a company. There are some components that are different given the global nature that transcends any jurisdiction, but I think that's a much healthier environment. So then maybe they go to expand the supply every three years to fund operations as needed, and maybe the holder base tolerates that dilution as you see within the equity world, stock based comp or whatever it might be like. I remember we were covering splunk when I was at ark. I think it was inflating its supply at something like 15% annually just to fund its growth, it's stock supply. And so we'll get into some of those more mature structures, I hope towards the end of this decade as we get more coherent regulatory frameworks in the US and other major jurisdictions.
Speaker C: Hey everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners and then we'll be right back.
Speaker B: Join over 20,000 attendees for the world's largest crypto event, token 2049 Singapore on the 18th to the 19 September Balaji, Srinivasan, Solanas, Anatoly, Arthur Hayes and over 250 others will hit the stage as token 2049 takes over the iconic Marina Bay sands in Singapore. With over 500 side events during Token 2049 week, Singapore will transform into a crypto hub from the 16th to the 22 September, capped off by after 2049 and the Formula One Grand Prix race weekend. Everyone will be there. This is the one event you can't miss this year. Visit realvision.com token 2049 for 15% off tickets only with the code Realvision link.
Speaker A: In description you're a podcast listener and this is a podcast ad. Reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from lips and ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements, or run a reproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience with lips and ads, go to lipsinads.com now that's libsynads.com dot.
Speaker C: The other thing I'm trying to think through is the market now wants less fdv and they want let's say we go to the ICO model where 70% of the tokens released early. The other issue I have is having seen things like EOS is the moment people crystallize that much money they dont give a shit about the protocol or the thing because the alignments get misincentivized. And im not sure, and im still thinking this through, whether a high ftv, low float actually forces those teams to really drive value and economic models because they dont realize all of the money upfront. Because the more you realize money upfront you forego you get capital now for future work. So you're less likely to do the future work because the incentive structure, right?
Speaker A: Totally. So I cannot agree more with you that we need long duration incentives. My hope is that if people get sick of the different games in different ways and the financial nihilists wash out, then everything will compress more, right? So less money is raised. And in truth for a lot of things, unless you're building a layer one. Part of the point of this whole movement is that the layer one is outsourced automation infrastructure. And for what it's worth, if you're building an application, the consumer is directly paying for the cost, often to run the underlying infrastructure so it collapses. Opex for the application. If I built Uniswap, I push it to Ethereum and then it runs its own operations. And so me, in building Uniswap, I probably need to raise less money than I do to build the New York Stock Exchange. My hope here is that things would compress, get more capital efficient, the fdvs are lower, closer to circulating, and there's less upfront money to the teams, which keeps them building things of quality. Over time we would work our way out of these crazy deck, a billion dollar valuations from day one. Now, I think there are also reasons why you could say, hey Chris, you're dreaming, and that's not going to happen anytime soon.
Speaker C: That's what I was about to say. My view on this is the issue is here is even bitcoin alone performs at 150% a year since 2011. And the earlier stage, high adoption tokens, Solana, Ethereum are much higher. So the amount of new capital of wealth it creates just means this endless capital gets recycled into the system until you see network growth slow down. We're barely there yet. We're only still going up the exponential curve. It's difficult to think we can get capital efficiency the only way, I guess, is at the tail because there's so many tokens launching.
Speaker A: Yeah, well, I guess I would say everything that I just spoke about for however many minutes about this more mature state, it could be end of this decade it could be next decade. It's more like maybe a final state of maturation. What we are seeing right now is way more dispersion in how assets perform than any other cycle. I think this is whats making at least people on crypto Twitter so angsty. Because BTCE Sol, thats the trifecta of like pretty balanced market structure and operating off of like, I hate to call it pure but reasonable market structure and flow dynamics that are sustainable. And then the longer tail is going through a ton of volatility because it's much more perverted market structure. What could happen here is BGC, ETH, Sol are building sustained, lasting value. Now that tricks retail often into being like, well, this long tail l one, if it gets to eth or it gets to soul, then it's 150 x. And so that's a better investment than ETH and soul. And that happens all the time. Now. I think those phenomenons are much more tradable than they are investable. And this, I think will surprise people this cycle, because right now people are so down on the long tail and the FDV. And that's good, right? There's more awareness about it and that will cause change. But the circulating cap and the liquidity of a high FTV, low circulating, pretty big project, the liquidity that is less. And so it takes far fewer dollars for it to go ten x, let's say, than for ETh or Sol to go ten x. And so I think there will still be some of those tokens as we get deeper into the froth here that still outperform Ethan Sol and go parabolic. And people are like, oh my God, this is incredible. And those things will then draw down 95 to 98 and a half percent or whatever it is. But we are still going to get some outperformance from the long tail specifically because people are starting to give up on that outperformance happening. That is the setup for it to happen again. But then longer term, we do have to get to a much more balanced market structure where circulating is closer to FTV and teams are operating, protocols are inflating supply based on capital needs or debt, or managing at steady state based on protocol profitability.
Speaker C: Mike, I also thinking through, I've been speaking to Kevin Kelly at Delphi, a good friend of mine, talking about attention being upstream of everything. And if I think about this space more than anywhere else, yes, there's some proven things that don't require attention. They require capital, Solana, ethereum, bitcoin. But the rest of the space is attention, and it tokenizes attention in various forms, whether it's helping build a product via awareness or just a meme, whatever it is, it doesn't really matter. The issue I've got is we are growing tokens faster than we're growing net new attention. So there's a finite amount of attention that's currently in the space, and therefore we're all struggling with this. You simply can't keep your eye on everything, so you have to farm it out. Right. Anson will be looking at the real kind of risk end of the table. Somebody else will be looking at different bar because you just can't keep on top of it. Which tells us we probably got two. We don't have enough attention for the amount of opportunity or whether those turn into opportunities or not. Which is one of the reasons why the long tail is very difficult now.
Speaker A: Yeah, well, the fires of attention will come from further integration with web two and traditional finance. Those bridges are being built everywhere. I the bitcoin ETF is a fire hose bridge from traditional finance into bitcoin. And as we talked about, that then flows into other things just in a capital context, not strictly an attention complex because traditional finance actually doesnt have that many people in the grand scheme that would.
Speaker C: No, but the capital goes out the risk curve which drives attention further down.
Speaker A: Exactly. That bridge is coming into bitcoin. Its going to come into Etsu. It probably comes into Solana by the end of next year at the latest through. Through ETF's. So that's the traditional finance to crypto bridge of capital and attention and then the web two stuff I think that's harder to reason about. I mean, the blades drop from the dialect and Solana ecosystem, I think is quite fascinating. And it's going to get people thinking just flipping the framework from. Okay, it used to be that you try and get normies to come to crypto apps, and instead it's going to now start to be experimentation around crypto apps embedding in normie environments. I think that's going to be the next application trend, let's call it blinks is doing that. I think it's worth paying attention to, even though it's very small at this point to the move ecosystem. So things like movement, Aptosui just because there you have, like, crypto as a whole.
Speaker C: I'm actually on the foundation of Sui.
Speaker A: Okay, well, so you're already there. And, like, people are not really talking about that ecosystem right now in a way that I find interesting because I always like to go where like people aren't talking about something much. It's an uncrowded wave that might get very good. And when you look at the birth of move and Sui and aptos, it came out of meta. That's a big deal. People don't realize how much time and work and money went in from the meta side to make something for normies that got polled in the last week before launch, let's say, and then spread out to the broader ecosystem. And it's like crypto. People so hate the incumbents that they'll be like, ugh, meta and Facebook, but normies will be like, wait, meta built a lot of this core tech, and especially a Normie dev. They might find that more credible than the whole rest of crypto. Right? And it also, with things like Zklogin or some of the innovations that are happening there, we might get to a world where we're spawning wallets and there'll be lower security wallets, probably, but just like we have a wallet versus a bank account versus a safety deposit box and different gradations of security, but we might be spawning low security, high use wallets off of our Gmail or our phone number, whatever people choose. And so those types of integrations are coming, too. And so we're 16 years in now, right from the launch of bitcoin, and we're just finally getting to the place where we've abstracted everything enough to the place where, like, normies can probably just continue to exist in the environments they're comfortable in and use, you know, with crypto being used in the background to give them experiences they want.
Speaker C: Yeah, I've been very interested in following the whole sui journey just because these guys are really, at core, web two people who then became total experts in web three, and just seeing how they're abstracting away a lot. And also they've got a lot of technological breakthroughs, the whole new Mister Sentai thing, Mister SeTI or whatever it is, the latency, that latency is really important in a web two world because we're used to zero latency, but in crypto, we're used to latency, and it's actually a bit clunky. So there's a lot going on there. But I do think you're right. I think the big breakthrough is going to be integration into that gigantic world of 8 billion eyeballs, or 6 billion eyeballs, the blinks one. At first, I was really like, this is incredible, and it is great, but I use a safari browser. I can't even see these things, even if I use chrome. And I gave it to a friend who's not in the space. If they don't have a wallet, it's nothing. So it's actually for crypto people when they're having a web two experience, we haven't actually bridged that gap to make it web two for web two, and nobody knows what it is or cares.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's fair. That's fair. This might end up requiring more competition on the phone manufacturers, which Solana is, of course, attempting with the saga phone. And let's say Elon gets real about launching a phone to compete with Apple. That could get very interesting in terms of how open that could be to blockchain backend systems. I think it's so hard to figure out the exact unlocks and vectors through which major distribution is going to happen, but I guess to reassure people, because sometimes people just ask, they're like, how do you maintain conviction through all these years and all this volatility and all the questioning? And for me, it just always goes back to these open data structures that can also be thought of as global keepers of time for global coordination. They're so foundationally important, and in being keepers of time, they're also timeless. And so they have forever. And maybe that's too grand of a thing to say, but it's like they're going to just continue being there, chugging along time stamping information, and we will find ways to use them. Another way to think of it is they're the property rights recorders of the Internet, right? And property recordation and preservation is what in many ways was the kernel to allowing capitalism to blossom. Because I'll invest into doing things if I can reliably maintain my property rights. And this is the native property rights system for the Internet, and nothing comes close. It is layer one or layer zero or whatever of property rights to the Internet right now for all of us who have been in the space for a long time and are on crypto, Twitter and whatever, I think one of the sicknesses that we suffer from is we're constantly going to like, what's the next day? What's the next day, what's the next thing? Alpha is going to get better and more abstract and more entertaining. But it's like, no, actually the basic stuff that people talked about from the beginning will remain the most important. But we're so add and needing the next dopamine hit. We just keep going for the next thing. But then normies that come to the space and maybe just buy bitcoin, that could be life changing for them, or that decide to set up a wallet so that they can send stable coins to a family member somewhere that could be life changing to them, or if not life changing, a significant boost to one of their day to day activities or life, you know, long duration life activities. And so that reassures me, too, right? That, like, while we're all trying to figure out what's next, a lot of the world is still just slowly onboarding to the core basics that will remain most important.
Speaker C: How I started framing this, I always try and simplify, simplify, simplify. And I've got it down to this. This is the underlying. It's the new underlying infrastructure for the Internet, as we've talked about. People get confused when I go around marketing our funder funds. People get confused still. But there's this bitcoin narrative, this narrative, that narrative. And I'm like, stop. These are all decentralized businesses that sell block space. They have different qualities of their block space or a different narrative on what makes their block space effective. That is, once people see that, that these are essentially decentralized businesses that operate and sell block space, people start to understand that what's unique about this infrastructure layer, it's the first infrastructure layer in history that we can all participate in because of the behavioral incentives of a token system versus equity. And so when I look at it, I just look at the growth of the space, and it grows at 100 and something percent a year, which is twice the speed of the Internet, because obviously, it's built on Internet rails, which should go quickly. And I just extrapolate that trend out, and I look at it, and it's like, well, it's a $2.5 trillion space today. If we carry on by 2032, it's 100 trillion. I'm like, that's the largest accumulation of wealth in all human history in the shortest period of time. Even if I'm wrong by 50% because I'm a total moron, it's the same as 100 years of value accrual of the s and P 500 in eight years. It's bananas. It's because we can own this adoption layer and all of these businesses selling block space. That's all it's about. Best thing is just try and capture that growth first. If you can do anything in the space, stop trying to focus on the one thing. Just capture 2.5 trillion to 100 trillion. You'll be absolutely fine.
Speaker A: Right, Raoul, you're making my calls for 10 trillion this cycle look bearish.
Speaker C: Well, I got to my view is like ten to 15 trillion for this cycle. So roughly in line with you, ten would be normal, 15 would be a blow off end of cycle. And we don't know what the structure of the cycle is going to be, but if you just take that rate of growth and extrapolate it out, by 2032 you get pretty close to 100 trillion because the compounding of these numbers goes up so wildly.
Speaker A: Right. So Im curious. You have a longer track record in investing than I do and Im really like a born and bred crypto investor. Right. I worked under Cathy for a few years, cutting my teeth on equities at the same time that I was learning about crypto. But it is just for me its been 100% crypto. Right. For the most part. I'm curious for you, what are the ways in which you manage the information flow and manage your own focus within the space? Cause it's like, I would presume in areas where you were investing before, it was less distracting, you know, or there was, you know, less opportunity, or not as broad a set of opportunity. Now do you take that in your approach to say, hey, I should within crypto have plays in all these different environments, or do you still narrow down to a handful or 20 to 30?
Speaker C: This is a great question. I try to explain this to people a lot. I dont care what peoples philosophies are. Thats not how you make money. What you make money on is owning the best performing asset on a risk adjusted basis. What I tend to find is that the mid to upper part of the curve, which is networks gaining adoption, do best ECLR cycle, Solana this cycle and whoever its going to be this cycle, whether its sui or whether its near or whatever it is, I dont know. We will see that that is the easiest opportunity we get in this space to generate wealth. So firstly focus on that. That's the like, do not fuck this up thesis. If we're going from two and a half trillion to 100 trillion, do that and you'll make a lot of money.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: And so then I just filter out as many people as possible. I really only get signal from a few people that I'll ever listen to. If you tweet something, I'll always read what you tweet because I think you'll have a high signal to noise ratio. Most people are high noise to signal ratio and so I'll observe it for sentiment and any nuggets. But I try and filter out as much as possible and just stick with unless something shows that network adoption is slowing, I'm right. So just capture that, then I don't fomo in the rest. I just don't do it. So I don't spread. I did that last cycle. I tried to spread amongst this narrative, that narrative. And what I do now is really simple. It's idiot proof. I just put the chart against Solana. If something looks like it's a sustained trend against Solana, I'll allocate some capital to it. And again, only about 10% of my portfolio will I do in that kind of stuff. But you can make a lot of money in those. And so that's what got me into wif and bonk, because they were out of bombing Solana. So I'm like, okay, I can do that. And now if anybody shills me something, I just say, well, show me the chart outperforming Solana and I'll take a look. That discipline makes it ultra easy for me because I think because of this, everything code liquidity cycle, everything is correlated, every asset in the world, which makes it the. And it's all driven by the same debt refi cycle, which makes it, I think, the easiest macro risk taking environment of all time. Because the central banks have also taken the left tail out by saying we cant let a collateral fall too far. So well debase currency. Holy shit. If this is the case, then we have the simplest, easiest risk taking opportunity of all time. So hyper concentrate, I think, is the way. There are people who can do the tail part hyperconce and get it right, but the probability is lower. And then you break the first rule, which is dont fuck this up. Because if you get taken out in the cycle and lose your capital, and this cycle is going from 2.5 trillion to 100 trillion, thats bad.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, totally. If you have to start over, compounding, its brutal, I guess, to really highlight it, even when youre talking about wif and bonk, youre talking about less than 10% of your overall allocation. And in reality, its probably one or 2% max that would go to any play like that. I think thats right.
Speaker C: Im really, when I look at it, im 90 odd percent. Sol why? Because the chart is out for bitcoin and eth. Theres no philosophy behind it. Its like, I like Solana, I love what theyre doing, and its proving it on the charts. If it doesnt prove it on the chart, it hasnt got network effects. Because you and I talked about this. I built Metcalfe law thesis around this. And basically I found that tokens are actually priced rightly, almost everything. Prices pretty much according to the number of active users and the total value transacted. So in which case, price is good.
Speaker A: Right? Yeah. This is one of the tragedies that I see in the way in which social media, even though it propels crypto, because it's intertwined with crypto also, it's a medium that's set up to mislead from the core of what crypto is. So it's like, I'm a little more boomer than you on a personal basis. Vast majority is Bce Sol. And then, of course, I run a venture firm, and so we do make venture investments and those.
Speaker C: Yeah, so you're actually set up the same way as me because you basically have a core portfolio of quality assets. The rest of your attention is focused on the tail, which is because the.
Speaker A: Core portfolio doesn't need your attention. Right. And I think that's one of the core things I think about for crypto at large, is it's a way to better distribute capital, because it's like for capitalism to work, everyone needs to become a capitalist in the sense that they need to manage capital of some kind. And I do think that blockchains, it used to be you just had the major leagues of, call it liquidity. Now, blockchains allow for single A, Aa, AAA into the major leagues. And so there's a lot earlier distribution. There's a lot more granularity on what you can be a specialist in and the types of capital you want to focus on and do well off of. But you still invest in the indices, and the indices are beaches, Ethan Sol, and you don't have to do much work at all. Sure, you can slosh around a bit through cycles to juice the multiplication, but going back to crypto, Twitter itself, and the way that social media and TikTok and Instagram and whatever is misaligned is, it's like those mediums are so fixated on virality and the news thing and who's got edge and who can stand out in that way. And so it sucks. Like, what is it? 90% of the attention into those things and 10% of the attention on the basics of BTC and soul, whereas in reality, the portfolio distribution is the opposite.
Speaker C: Well, that's telling us the arbitrage is there, right? It's like attention, the fleeting attention, is not quality attention. The quality attention is the attention that accrues to the activity on the main layer ones. So it's telling us that the more attention goes to memes or whatever, the latest thing, it airdrops or whatever. Actually, you're more likely to garner attention further on the infrastructure layer. Maybe there's something within that. I'm starting to believe there's something a lot bigger in attention that we don't yet understand in terms of how we can use this as a major metric. Because I think what you're saying is something important as well, is when all the attention's on short term, you generally make more money on the long term. And if everybody's focused on bitcoin, you're going to make more money in memes, which is why memes crushed it in the beginning of the cycle, because everyone is focused on bitcoin. Because that's what you do at the beginning of the cycle.
Speaker A: Exactly. Yeah. And right now, it's like I look at BTC, Ethan Sol know, weekly or monthly or whatever long duration charts, and they look great. They're like textbook consolidating.
Speaker C: Right?
Speaker A: But then they want a spring at some point here, and we'll see when. But, you know, then I go and.
Speaker C: I look on, referring to the banana zone that's on the chart.
Speaker A: I'm here for it. Yeah, banana zone is a fun ride, but yeah. And then you go into crypto twitter, where the majority of the focus on the new thing and the meme coins, at least right now, because those perform so well at the start of this expansion, and it's just utter destruction. And so it is this constant flip flop between where the fixation is and where the opportunity is. And I think what makes that so hard for us as monkeys that want to belong is like the tendency is to go to the place where other people are, because then you experience a sense of belonging. But that means that the opportunity is already so richly priced that it's not an opportunity anymore. And so it's this constant, like, breaking away from a sense of belonging that you have to do, which is uncomfortable. Like, most of us don't want to do that, and even in our personal lives, you probably don't want to do that. Right. That's not good for your personal life. So then it's like training your mind to be comfortable doing it in a specific context, while in your personal life, hopefully you do find senses of belonging.
Speaker C: I also think with people with a bit more money, the answer is to rent attention from other participants. So what I mean by that is like, if I can't do VC, and I agree with your thesis, and I like your kind of anticyclicality, I should subcontract the attention of that early space to you, you're going to do a better job. My job is sell my tokens. Do fuck all if I can do that. That's great. That's why we started exponential age asset management, because of this tail stuff. I'm just going to give it to 14 hedge funds. Find the best hedge funds in the world. Let them worry all day and all night about it because their attention is hyper focused on that. I think there's some way in that. I also think the markets are going to allow us to coalesce capital around these kinds of things. We haven't got tokenized funds yet, but Christ, if we have them, that's going to be a lot better because you could find an AnSIm or a GCR or whoever it is, GSR, you give them the money in a tokenized fund that they can take care of that part of this.
Speaker A: Totally, totally. Yeah. And Blackrock is taking us in that direction because they are going to tokenize all the things. But I have another question for you. How has your relationship with Twitter evolved over the years? And what do you, I guess, what use do you get out of it now?
Speaker C: That's a very good question. Any of us who've been around for a while have been scarred by it because at first you want to think out loud and you want to help people. I come with a lot of experience. Doesn't mean I get everything right. But you think out loud, you bring people along and helping people. I get stopped everywhere in the world. I go, and people just saying thank you changed my life. I'm like, that's brilliant. But then I. When things go bad, they go really bad. And everybody, well, not everybody. Most people are still grateful, but it just becomes this mob mentality and it becomes ugly, so you become more guarded. We've seen that with Kobe and we've seen it with everyone. Ansem is learning it right now is like, you can't because the Internet is pretty ugly in how that works. I'm now, I struggle a bit with X now, so I tend to use lists more for really trying to do it and just have a few people that I really want to hear from. I'm still probably over scrolling on stuff that just makes no difference to my life whatsoever. I'd love to distill it down to lots of people are interested in memes or lots of people are interested in this and just kind of get signal from that, but I'm finding it very noisy. But one thing I do see very clear, Chris, and I think it's the most important thing for all of us to realize is everybody's hopes and dreams are in this. They've taken us seriously, that this is the biggest opportunity of all time. And the nice people on Twitter, the people you don't see, all of their hopes and dreams are in this. And I think that's what also drives the emotion of this space as well, is people realize there's no other thing like this. Not a job, not going to work for Google at early stage, not doing it from investing in traditional markets. This is it. And that's quite a big responsibility, I think, for all of us.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's huge. I mean, because it's not just open data, it's on top of open data is open finance and open opportunity. But then there also needs to be education and earnest distribution, which you do a great job of doing with your platform to help people. But you and I both know you can be a good investor and still get things wrong all the time. And X is such an unforgiving place. I was actually just sitting down with Ansem yesterday, you know, and I'm sure you have this experience, too. And it's my experience as well is like, the people that stop you in the street stop you to thank you, you know, if you're like, hey, only ever are you, are you handsome, whoever. And that is the vast majority of the experience in real life, you know, for the work we've done in terms of distributing information about the opportunity. But, you know, it can almost feel like the inverse on XDev, where the people here from are the ones who are like, remember back in 2017, you were, and you will never be right ever again, you know, or like, and like it is poking and it's like they're direct pokes of the ego. Right. And so that can be an exercise in and of itself. But, you know, I've gone through, I feel like I'm constantly asking myself, I'm constantly asking myself how to use it, because it's like, I started at Ark, where I was a research analyst, I was going very deep, and it was like a lot of charts and threads and all that kind of stuff. But then when you're formulating thoughts in that level of depth, once you get to a certain scale, people are going to just start to make fun of you when you're wrong in certain places, because the more detail you go, the more surface area there is to be wrong. Right. And so now a lot of that just stays internal, the placeholder.
Speaker C: Yeah. Because you want to think out loud and get feedback from people you respect, but as you say, then people misinterpret it when you're just trying to think something through. So I get more value out of a conversation with you when I'm saying, hey, what do you think about this? Because I don't know then I will do on Twitter because I can't get it. There's too much noise, not enough signal.
Speaker A: Exactly. So then it's like, it's actually a disincentive to think out loud. And even, I would even just say posting deep thoughts to x is a disincentive to have those deep thoughts because the castigation that you can get is so intense. Right. So then it's like, I just do that less.
Speaker C: Yeah, I worry less about castigation. I've learned to deal with that. I just ignore the bad comments unless it's something reasonable. And so I've managed to get a bit more stoic about that whole thing and upset me less because you have to. But if I look at your online presence, you play a really important role, which is like, you are really the zoom out, relaxed. You play the surf dude with the big picture view really well. And that is incredibly helpful to people because everybody loses their minds. And I try and do much the same kind of narrative is like, you don't need to do anything. And I think your pin tweet is a very powerful tweet, which is like, see, 10 trillion.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: And I think it's important what you do, even if you don't think out loud, you think enough for people to understand how generally well constructed your thesis are of, and you just keep on the right track and stop them panicking.
Speaker A: Right. Well, thank you for that. It's reassuring because it is, you know, it's turbulent. And I think the way I've handled it right now is I just don't have Twitter on my phone. In fact, the only time I put Twitter on my phone is when I'm traveling. So often when I'm tweeting the most, it means I'm traveling because I'm in airports or whatever I want to kill. But then when I'm in a stable place or, you know, this place for two weeks or back home or whatever it might be, then it's desktop only. And that diminishes the perverse addiction cycle. But it is bummer because it's such a powerful tool. And I appreciate if someone tells me in earnest how I'm wrong. I appreciate that so much. That is probably my single favorite feature of all of Twitter, is that I can be told in detail by someone, anywhere in the world how I'm wrong, and it has helped me countless times, but it's gotten out to the point where I have to sift through so much excess to get the kernels that it's like. And so I just want a filtration mechanism, I guess, a better filtration mechanism.
Speaker C: The superpower I found from X, which completely changed the experience, is as opposed to stating your view about something that you're unclear on the. Ask the question.
Speaker A: Ask the question. Yeah.
Speaker C: So when I first heard a fire dancer, I just went on to X and said, can somebody tell me about this? Or when it's coming or whatever? Then the signal is incredible. So asking questions, I found, is better than I think this, and see what the feedback is I'm finding just asking the question. When you just go and say, I don't know what this means, or what do you guys think about airdrops? Conversations we were having? Is this perverse incentives or is this good? You find that most of the really interesting people take time to respond to that totally, because it's got an intellectual honesty to it.
Speaker A: Right? Socratic X. Maybe that'll be my new approach. Well, I have some other questions. You know, we talked about market structure a bit earlier. What's your view as the most important determinants to flows within market structure? Because you talk about the everything code a lot, and then do you see it as a waterfall of triggering of flows that starts in a certain place when liquidity comes back in the system and rates drop? Or is it everything gushes all at once? I'm just curious how you think about the sequence of market structure.
Speaker C: So there were two parts to what drives assets generally, particularly one driven by liquidity, long duration assets. Liquidity is, my belief, is not a flow of funds. It's just a pure debasement of currency. Inject money here, debasement there, asset optically goes up in value. So because I went through for this for ages and this is what got me, I was mid curving the whole damn thing for so long. Cause I was like, I can't see when there is liquidity or QE. There's no extra volume in the equity market, so therefore it cant be doing anything. And that sat in my head for two years before I finally went, oh, because its just rerating. I saw it in the Cayman Islands over Covid property prices went up 50% like that. It wasnt as they traded, they just went there because of liquidity. Im like, okay, Im starting to get it? Its this magic force that we dont see in the global debasement is about 8% a year. So we're mutualizing the cost of servicing the debt across everybody in the world by about 8% a year. And that's like a tax. The other way I looked at this, because at first, how dare they tax us? Then you say, well, what price would you put on a put option? That your equities don't go down more than 30% and that your house prices are secured and the global economy is secured. Would you pay 8% a year for that put option? Yeah, it's probably not wildly mispriced.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: That'S kind of changed my head. This is why I think we've taken the left tail risk out, because we're basically using this 8% as a put option in the entire system. So the other question you're asking is, okay, this is more about the flows, the actual flows. And I'm thinking here of whether it's into tech stocks or whether it's from fiat world to cryptoland, that bridge, let's say the bitcoin ETF bridge, which is I think of as hot money flows and VC as foreign direct investment. Yeah. So what drives both of those flows is really simple. It's the business cycle. Why? Because when earnings go up, people have more money to invest. So the flows pick up. So right now, if we look at the IsM, it's still kind of below 50 and struggling to pick up the forward looking indicators screaming higher. So it's about to pick up, but we're not seeing mass retail participation in crypto. Why? Because jobs are still a bit tight, the economy is still a bit shitty. People just don't have the liquidity. You know, it from the VC business is nobody's had releases of liquidity all the way from the stack, from private equity all the way down to growth. VC, there's a real problem, except in the early stage. Token stuff. That's it. So capital is trapped because there's no earnings going up. So if you think of Tesla stock, why is Tesla stock relatively low, even though it's got all of the technology stuff, is because people buy cars when they've got money and they don't have much money right now, rates are a bit high. So that business cycle, as that picks up. Now, again, if you go back to the everything code and the macro seasons or crypto seasons, the macro summer is really when the ism starts going up, earnings start increasing, and guess what? The world's awash with risk taking. So it's as simple as that, I think, which is why it's so beautifully on repeat.
Speaker A: Right. Well, and thats a new puzzle piece for me at the very base of debasement as the invisible force that just naturally makes prices ratchet up. But then thats the invisible force. And then within the business cycle, you have the flows that pick up with earnings. And so separating those two, because id been thinking that more as, because I think of crypto as often. So flow driven, especially as we get later in the cycle, it becomes really apparent. But the debasement re rate as the invisible static force is useful for me. So thank you.
Speaker C: So then when you go back and look at 2022, liquidity was being withdrawn everywhere. So guess what? Well, asset prices went down. Why? Because the obstacle, the value of it was rebasing currency, not debasing currency, because you were reducing supply of currency. Oh, yeah. Then you get, it's like share buybacks or it's like burning tokens. It's all the same fucking mechanism. And it's like, once you see it, it's like, oh, it's so obvious. Which is why when I chart all assets against global liquidity, they all look the same. In Nasdaq is 97.5% correlated to global liquidity. The rest of it is the outperformance. Because it's a secular bull market. The S and P 500 actually performs in line. Why? Because it's a very broad based, economically sensitive index. And so it just follows global liquidity. It gives you no outperformance. Owning S and P 500, I think it's done about 8% a year since 20, 2011. Well, that's the same as the debasement. Nasdaq's done about 17, and then bitcoin in La La land has done 150. Because we've got network adoption models as well, which we see in individual stocks, in technology stocks that get network adoption in video. Okay, suddenly it does that. But we've got a whole technology stack that's doing it en masse. So it's so fascinating.
Speaker A: Right? And then my last question for you, at least for now, there's always conversation about the cadence of the crypto cycle, right? And I totally buy the everything code. But then thus far in crypto, it has materialized that keep it simple, stupid four year cycle. It was a Q 420 13 top, Q 420 17 top. I guess 2017 was December 17 for bitcoin and Jan 18 for ethereum, but whatever, same rough thing. And then Q 420 21 top. And so part of me is like, hey, don't overthink it. Q 420 25 people always want to, especially smart people. They want to think of the new thing and so they convince themselves different things will happen. And certainly like different things always do happen, but a lot of things are roughly always the same. And so it's holding both those in your mind at the same time. And I do have some thoughts, of course, because I want to think of ways that things could be different and it could be election based. But I'm curious what your approach is to the timing of the cycle and if it even really mattered to you until you see certain price points for BGC and Ethan Sol.
Speaker C: What ive learned over the years is if I have a core investing amount to this theme, im just not going to take it out and then it removes all of this. So my entire objective is to buy the sell off. So it kind of shifts your focus because you know the highs are lower and the lows are higher and the highs are higher. You actually just compound. If you want to keep it really stress free, you just say, I can't wait for the next 85% correction when it comes in 2026 because I can buy more at cheap prices. And you keep compounding. The hard thing is, last time around was difficult because most people's earnings were coming down. But generally speaking, you get a bit of a slowdown. But generally, if you can just inject new earnings in, you will just compound wealth. Which is why Bezos and all these guys are the richest people in the world, because they take one bet and never got out of it. I see this people are now desperate because they understand there's a cycle to trade this thing. So my particular view is don't use price, use time. If you want to take some lifestyle chips off, you want to buy a new house and buy a new car, whatever it is, take some off at the end of this year at whatever price, and then you can run the rest. So then I try and break it down probabilistically is okay, what does the structure of this cycle look like? Just out of interest, really. And this is what I'm using signal from on Twitter, is just trying to listen to everybody. People are insanely fearful of the short, stunted cycle, end of the cycle last time. Yeah, and I remember the 2017 top and how banal as that was. And the 2013 and 2013 2017 were much more similar than the last one. And don't forget, we'd gone through a global pandemic. There was a lot of other factors at play. So I'm like, that was probably the outlier. Don't expect everything to repeat perfectly. But like you, I'm probabilistically saying, well, it probably goes to the end of the year. My macro work on liquidity says liquidity peaks out. Just peaks out, not goes negative. Or does anything else peaks out by about June or July. So 25 of 25. But I'm seeing Twitter just tie itself in knots about that fear of the last stage part. And so they desperately want to sell earlier. They're so scared of it that they want to sell earlier. Which makes me think 13 cycle feels more similar, where everyone's going to try and take profit, the market goes down and then rips in your face again because it's not over. So there's a lot to play for here. Could it just finish in March or something? That'll be really odd. The short cycle, I think that's off the table. A slightly stunted cycle. I think it's PTSD. I think your intuition is right. It's like, well, this finished the end of the year. Every time the everything code is the same debt refinance cycle. Why necessarily would it change? Because as you pointed out before, the end of a bull market is not about liquidity, it's about flows.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: So the end of the bull market is where it kind of disconnects because it's all of those people who stupidly didn't get in. When we've been begging them for the last two years. That's when they make their mistake.
Speaker A: Totally. Cause in 2021, liquidity probably peaked, what, six months before the top, like global liquidity. Yeah. Yeah. I suppose the only way I can entertain a stunted cycle is if Biden remains president and Gensler is further empowered. And I wouldn't even think of it as a stunted cycle. I would just think of it as a longer consolidation. And I think that would weigh on some people. And other people be like, this is great, like, we can remove some of like that will. An extended consolidation will wash out a fair amount of financial nihilism and excess of speculation because it'll just be too boring, you know, and especially if like you're on leverage, then, you know, it, it just won't be profitable enough. That's the only way I struggle with.
Speaker C: That from a pure investment perspective. I get it. A bit of lower volatility will produce great outcomes. That is, the applications layer can build properly. Weve got time to test stuff and everythings not driven by price. But I dont think the financial nihilism is going away because it cant. Its like the average 35 year old, 30 year old is so screwed that they really dont have a choice. If they dont do this, theyre just going to go poly markets or theyre going to go to the lottery. Well, lotteries for boomers, lets go to poly markets. You cant stop it now because they dont have the upside. And so I think the attention of speculation and the dream of wealth just keeps doing it. Its that whole I need to unfuck my future idea that I talk about thats so pervasive. I think its difficult for it to go away out of crypto if it is the big opportunity who are asked to say to people, well, you can't drive the next leg of it. I don't know.
Speaker A: That's totally fair. That's totally fair. I feel like about five, six years ago, I think I put my value set on investing more. And then I was disabused of that notion because I was like, no, the market is pricing the aggregate value set of all individuals. It's actually hubris to think that the market will conform to your value set and it's a good way to get destroyed. So I took my lickings there, but I think that I actually lean. I gave, say, a scenario where I could see this being stunted, but I give that very minority odds and really just would think of it as longer consolidation. I actually think there's a chance it goes longer and there's a number of reasons for that. But I suppose at the end of every week and every month, it really doesn't matter to me because people are always asking when's the top? And I put out October 2025, whatever, who cares? But it doesn't actually dictate any of my action because my action is dictated week to week, month to month, really based on what BTC, ETH and Sol do, and then looking at what those three do, then looking at what the mid tail of risk does, and then looking at what the long tail of risk does. And the main meme coins have entered my daily assessment of risk appetite or weekly assessment of risk appetite. Looking at the risk spectrum is really what drives my investment decisions. I think a lot of people look to both of us as long term oracles because we do have a long term view and that keeps us mostly in the market regardless of what happens. But any at the margin action I'm still taking based on weekly, monthly or quarterly updates.
Speaker C: Raoul so here's another thought I'm thinking through. It's based a little bit around your idea of a longer cycle. And again, I think this is probably more likely from technology stocks than crypto, but I think it probably applies is I think one of the paths of most pain is 2026. Liquidity gets drawn out the system a bit. It's not 2022 all over again. People have PTSD. Why is it bitcoin only goes down 40%, the Nasdaq goes down 20, then we go into a bubble cycle. Because if you think of the AI narrative, the robotics narrative, the ev narrative, I mean, these are all combining into one super narrative, right? This exponential age idea is going to be ridiculous, and I think this is going to be the last pause that we get before we really go into complete banana zone for everything. And my actual risk is all the people who come out of the market don't get back in again because they can't rate.
Speaker A: Yes. God, that would be brutal.
Speaker C: You can see why, right? Because everyone's now, like, I get it. It goes at 85%. It's a free gift. I'll take this every time. I'll make that 20 x and move on. What if you don't get that? You might still get your 20 x because of a bubble cycle, but you won't get in because you're still waiting.
Speaker A: Yeah, you'll be down. It'll be down 40%, waiting for a couple more 50% drops, and they never come. That would be agonizing for a lot of people. And it's part of why I do entertain these thoughts, even though, as I just said, my actions are based weekly, monthly, quarterly, annual, whatever, because I am suspicious of the perfectness of the pattern we should be.
Speaker C: That's the job. You find the everything code, then your job is entirely to be paranoid about it for the rest of time. I mean, that's how you test a hypothesis, is like, where am I wrong?
Speaker A: Where am I wrong?
Speaker C: Where am I wrong?
Speaker A: Right? And actually, this goes back to x, where I feel like sometimes I've had longer term ideas that were ultimately right, but I got spooked off of my conviction in them, because for a while, I got faked by the market and then abused, you know, by the people's court, and then it ended up happening later, and I'm like, damn it, I should have just muted everything and, like, you know, long term listened to myself.
Speaker C: One thing I do notice with the everything code is, yes, there's a lot of people who kind of understand it, but there's a lot of people in total disbelief. People just say, it can't be this easy. Maybe it is, maybe it is. And if it's not until everybody believes in it, that then it's more likely to be super wrong. Hearing the opposite opinions, you know, most of them are just not very grounded opinions. They tend to be from the peanut gallery about, well, inflation is coming back and it's going to be the seventies over again or whatever the narrative, you can discount all of that stuff unless somebody has a reasonable argument in a way that why liquidity wouldn't come back, how they could allow the debt to refinance. The only way for me is somehow GDP growth has to magically trend rate has to change. And that can't happen, I don't think, until about 2030 when the AI and the infinite population of AI and robots kicks in and productivity from lower electricity prices, all of this, I'm like, unless you can show me one of those things that's, that's going to change the game right now. I can't see it changing.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. In my mind, I boil down the everything code to capitalism is designed to grow capital. And I so fundamentally believe that and see that. And, you know, I was raised by teachers and I've talked about this in other places before, but like, I was raised pretty distrustful of capitalism and finance. And I, my dad did participate in investing as a retail investor in the tech and telecom boom. And interestingly, I think it was probably more successful pursuit for my grandparents because they bought AOL at the right time. But I think it was all largely turbulent. And so I was raised really don't touch capital or don't think too much about finance, but in a relatively mean middle class, but relatively, like financially constrained environment. I mean, we would travel, but very middle class for America. And then my big unlock, when I came to New York in 2014 and worked for Cathy and then got to know a lot more players and the financial scene is like, no, no, everyone has to be in capital. And that is the goal of blockchains and that is the goal of crypto, removing the stigma, you know. But the trouble is the majority of people are still not majority in capital. And so they will continue to hate capital because it grows without that. And so then how do you, and because capital becomes capital, how do you get capital in the hands of the people who don't have it and then help them grow it?
Speaker C: This is why I'm really passionate about where the future of social tokens and digital network states and tokenized smaller economies because that creates community and capital as the same thing. And they tend to be different. And so im seeing this blending of community and capital everywhere, whether its GameStop in the last cycle or even a bit this cycle or whether its crypto overall. But I do think that social tokens in, however, whatever format they end up being, we're still testing them between nfts and memes and all this stuff, it's all around the same idea. But somehow we're going to tokenize economies, better small economies that you can participate in, and now you've got capital in them before, you just couldn't do that.
Speaker A: Yeah, totally. And you can understand that, right? Because it's been the fracturing we've seen already from the Internet, the fracturing of Mediaev, so everyone can participate in media and truth and we have to go through better filtration mechanisms now. But now that same splintering and kind of nichification of media is happening to finance and capital, right? And so then it splinters into all these pieces that people can understand and.
Speaker C: Interface with because it's distributed as well, right? As opposed to, if you think of media, it was the big broadcasters and then it became YouTube and now it's everywhere. And with finance it was the big warehouses and asset managers and it's broadening out and soon it's going to go everywhere.
Speaker A: Exactly. But then I fear what, like right now, the media, we're in a post truth state and we will work, humans innovate and so we're going to figure that out. But I fear that we will enter a similar kind of post truth and maybe we're already in it for crypto. Like what is the a good investment? There's a lot of skepticism and is this a rug? Is this not a little bit in that splintering? It's like when you have the wire houses or the three news channels, you just assume that's the truth and then you splinter for a period and you have mass diversification and variety. And then that's like, okay, well, what are the good investments or what is the real truth? And then the next stage from that is back down to the filtration or selection of like, these are the things relevant to you, these are the things relevant to you. So perhaps that's the next step for us. I actually spoke with a team recently who's thinking about using machine learning to recommend to people tokens that are relevant to their interest. And so it starts to look at your social and information graph and then filter down to tokens that could be relevant to you, that are pre selected as being quality. And so that's very early stages of seeing that type of filtration, but we definitely need it.
Speaker C: But the issue is a lot of what is quality is social consensus. It's like you don't really know.
Speaker A: That's true.
Speaker C: I was having a great conversation with Miao from Jupiter, and we were talking about the fact that utility in many cases is the least valuable part of anything. If you think attention is everything, and the more attention you get, the more status you get. If you think about the wine industry, Louis Vuitton handbags or luxury goods, the utility is actually very small. I can carry my lipstick and hairbrush and money in a bag. The difference between bag pricing is attention and status. So it becomes very difficult in how to think about these things in this new world. Now, it's easy on the layer ones because there's metrics, we talked about this before, but the further out you go, the less you have anything to measure this on outside of social behavior and somehow measuring it and does it matter to somebody? I don't know. There's just something in understanding this and we've seen it with some of the more interesting means that have tried to have utility. The moment they do it, you can value them on cash flows and you just nuke the value because it's like, you shouldn't do that.
Speaker A: You can't do it.
Speaker C: No, but attention, unlike a cash flowing business, cash flowing business is something you can value, can drive investment over time. Means it's just as long, or whatever it is, it's just as long as you can capture that attention. It's really hard to do, right?
Speaker A: Yeah, well, capturing society's attention for any sufficiently long period is an exercise on futility for the most part.
Speaker C: So I figured out the easiest way to play all of this, including, including the move from two and a half trillion to 100 trillion, the largest wealth in history. I just sat down and thought this thing through. I was at Beeple's studio, turn of the year, and all of the big NFT people, artists were there and so were MoMA and so were sothebys. And there was just a bunch of trad art people. And you could see, firstly, I realized I was teaching them about macro, how it drives their NFT prices because theyre artists, theyre like, why is my NFT prices down? I said, its nothing to do with you. It's the same as Rolex watches, the same as fine wines, it's driven by the business cycle, blah, blah, blah. Thank you, thank you. Because they were so worried about it. But what I learned from then was realizing how small a group of people really own the culture of the Internet in that kind of way in arthem, and that it's basically art world. Splinter two, there's the generative artist. So that probably started with fidenzas, ringers and autoglips being the primary example. There's punks. They're just punks. And then there's x Scorpion, people who are culture. And when you speak to people, in fact, you speak to everybody in the space. They're like, well, Xcodmi was there first, and he, and if you think of those two, they've been commenting on social culture, the culture of the Internet, the culture of crypto from the beginning. I mean, beeple turns up every fucking day to put a bow around the Internet and say, goodnight, everyone. Here's my comment of the day through R. It's brilliant. Now some of these you don't like, some of you, night. But every single day he's putting a bow on the Internet and wishing everybody good night. And I suddenly realized, okay, if you're going to generate a lot of wealth, I've seen this before because a lot of my ex colleagues were the big hedge fund managers who owned the big hedge fund businesses. They became obscenely rich. What do they buy? Property and art. All of them. Many of them have got multi billion dollar art collections. Then I remember the Russians coming in after the Berlin Wall came down. They started really getting wealthy in early 2000. They bought everything in the art market, everything property market. Then we saw it with the Chinese, we saw it with Indians, we saw it with the Silicon Valley guys. They've all done the same trade, and we're going to do that all over again. And what's so interesting is humans like to take a snapshot of culture from when the magic was happening. And we all know, Chris, that the magic is happening now. It has been for a few years, because we're all one degree of separation from each other, and that goes over time. So anybody who makes a lot of money is likely to celebrate this with high end nfts, particularly the culturally relevant ones, because it captures this essence. And then once you rinse $100 trillion of capital through, they just trade at infinite prices.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm with you. Because the property and nfts, and I mean, I think a property in this environment is East Seoul BTC. Well, property and art. And so we know what that is in the real world and then in the digital world, I do think of the property as BTCE Sol and, you know, whatever are the major maintainers of property rights and state. And then, you know, there will be the art, of course, as part of.
Speaker C: That, and physical property too. I mean, a bunch of rich crypto people are going to buy a bunch of big properties. I mean, it's just what happens. So I just think if I look at this space, I started buying as much as I could afford of x copy and beeple and just putting it in a long term holding because I'm like, okay, I know where this bet is going. If I give myself a 15 year time horizon for this, this stuff is going from 50 grand, 100 grand to 100 million. That's. It's a very simple thesis. And I've gone to all of the big art collectors I know in the space and traditional guys, given them my thesis, they're like, it's a no brainer. So they all started buying them as well. I kicked off a whole frenzy when I wrote about this thesis, but I'm just thinking for myself, selfishly, is where do I keep long term savings? Because you don't want necessarily the kind of optical volatility of always being in the layer ones or whatever it is. I don't want to go back to tradfi. Yes, I'll buy some real estate to use for lifestyle. But what is the thing that I'm going to store money in? I'm like, it's going to be nfts, probably.
Speaker A: Well, I might have to go nft shopping. I can't say that I've ever purchased.
Speaker C: I'll send you my article. I'll send you my article because it's all still part of the same thesis. I'm just trying to think what are the knock on effects of a lot of wealth being generated and saying that this is a culturally relevant moment in time. This is as relevant as the seventies were to the Warhol collectors. It was like that was the thing. They all remember it. Studio 54, it's Warhol, it's what Jackson Pollack meant to the whole period. All of that stuff is culture. It was the Rolling Stones, it was the Beatles, it was the Led Zeppelin. All capitulates in that one picture and you own a bit of that cultural history.
Speaker A: And it gets more and more importantly with time to the people who were there when it was happening and everything that comes afterwards. And then everyone's purchasing power increases and so it makes total sense that they go up in value over the very long term. Yeah, I only have. The only valuable nfts I have are really mad lads. And the reason I bought some of the mad lads is because that was born in the fire of the last bear market of salama. And I was like, okay, this is interesting. If you're paying attention here, then you're a bear market survivor. And there was a lot that's going to spot off from this, but I suppose I'm too much of a surfbomb to be much of an art collector.
Speaker C: Yeah. But there again, why is I would imagine that Xcopy or beeple are right up your street. Because it's cultural, it's not about art. Yeah, the generous of art. Yeah. That's all about art history and sipping a glass of pinot in a gallery. This stuff is just. It's funny, it's just cool, it's striking. It's that, right?
Speaker A: Totally. Well, I very much enjoyed this conversation, ral as ever. I'm going to end up getting lunch before my next meeting, but thank you for making this happen.
Speaker C: Thank you as always, my friend. I just love having time to think stuff through with people. I think people realize is neither of us pretend we have all the answers. But when you get a chance to just cheer the fact with something and say, what do you think about this? How do you think about it? This is how we all actually form opinions. It's not from the screaming and shouting at Twitter, it's just talking to people and having a meaningful conversation. So thank you, Azeb. I'm a friend.
Speaker A: Totally. Yeah. And it's why I agree to this, because it's a. I enjoy the conversation. I'm a bit tired of doing the podcasts and just being asked endless questions and pretending like all the answers are for sure. True. So it's a good context that you operate in, and I suppose I'll see you in the metaverse.
Speaker C: Absolutely, my friend. Take care. So, as ever, a fabulous conversation with Chris. To get an hour and a half of his time is just really special. To be able to just bounce around ideas, think stuff through, pick each other's brains. It's really what this show is to me, and I hope you really enjoy it. Now, if you are on your crypto journey and you're trying to make sense of it all, then at real vision, we have something for you, which is real vision crypto. It's a product that's specifically designed for those of you who want to start breaking down the signal from the noise and getting more signal. You say, we have everything from technical analysis to weekly shows to breakdowns of what's going on. It's a really good place to start your journey to understand how this all comes together and how you can benefit from it. Now, it's all part of the real vision platform. It's called an add on. When you go to the real vision marketplace, that's the place that we've got all of these independent research services, plus extra add ons from real vision. There. When you scroll down, you'll see real vision crypto. It's priced very well to allow you that first step in your journey, and it's going to give you a lot more information that gives you a lot more signal, a lot less noise. So obviously on the real vision platform, realvision.com comma, it's free to join, but you can pay for the add on, and I think it's going to really help you in your journey from there. We also have the crypto academy as well. So that's more learnings to help you in that journey. And eventually, once you feel ready for it, we've got real vision pro crypto. So we've got you covered in your entire crypto journey, from free content all the way through to hanging out with the experts in pro crypto. Anyway, I'll see you next time as we try and figure out more of this nexus between macro crypto and the exponential age of technology. See you next time.
Speaker A: We hope you enjoyed this episode at real vision. We arm you with expert knowledge, time efficient tools, and a powerful network to.
Speaker C: Help you succeed on your financial journey.
Speaker A: Get a taste of financial freedom with our free offer@realvision.com. free? That's realvision.com free.
