Speaker A: Whoa.
Speaker B: Landing an account this big will totally change my landscaping business. It's gonna mean hiring more guys and more equipment and new trucks for the new guys to drive the new equipment in.
Speaker A: I don't know if I'm ready.
Speaker C: You can do this. And Ford Pro finsimple can help. Our experts are ready to make growing pains less painful for your business with flexible financing solutions that meet the needs of your business today when you need them. Get started@fordpro.com.
Speaker A: Financing now my crypto journey, as many of you know, started back in 2012, when I'd gone around the world trying to start the world's safest bank. Having seen Europe blow up its banking system, the government's almost defaulting hot on the heels of the financial crisis. And I knew that we needed a different answer in that process. A friend of mine, Emil woods, who was one of my global macro investor subscribers, that's my kind of high end research service that I've been writing for the last 19 years, Emile woods, tapped me on the shoulder and said, you need to look at bitcoin. The moment I saw it, I understood that there was two component parts of this. One was the cryptocurrency itself, which was interesting, but also blockchain technology and how it could solve many of the problems of the world's financial system. I wrote the first ever macro strategy piece on bitcoin back then and started investing at global Macro investor. Every year we have a roundtable. It's magic. It's like a whole bunch of old friends who've been, most of my subscribers have been there for a decade, or some of them two decades get together, and we talk macro, we talk ideas, we share some wine, we have some laughs, and we hatch plans of doing stuff together, businesses, co investing, all sorts of stuff. I got Emile woods to present about bitcoin, and periodically he came along and presented at those roundtables was Dan Tapiero. And so he's been part of my crypto journey, and I'm part of his. And we've learned to do the hard work and to really, really dig in and get the full macro understanding of the space where neither of us are technologists, but we have 30 years of macro. We understand how economies work, we understand how markets work, we understand market psychology, and we understand opportunity sets and secular trends and direction of travel. And so Dan and I have always been kind of updating each other on this. And I think many people famously remember Dan coming to me on real vision back in 2018, I think it was or 1918, saying, hey, listen, you need to look at bitcoin again. I had sold out of my bitcoin position in 2017 into the big rally, and Dan single handedly got me back in. We've been interviewing lots of people on real vision. Crypto has been part of real vision since 2014 from our very first video. And Dan single handedly got me across the line to get back in and focus again. So I didn't buy immediately. I bought back in 2020. And Dan became very well known in the crypto space for being another one of the macro crypto guys. Myself, Dan, Dan Moorhead and a few others have been there, Alan Howard and others. And so it's an utter pleasure always to sit down with Dan. He's a really good friend of mine. We follow each other's journey. We help each other out, and Dan is up to some truly brilliant stuff, and he's just such a great thinker. So I think where we are in the crypto market is we're in late spring, and late spring is when it starts to get really interesting. It's not a one way bet. We will have periods of consolidation or sharp sell offs. It's very normal to see a 35% correction in a crypto bull market, but spring is just the start. We've got summer to go and even into fall, when the weather's still good before things turn again. So we've got a couple of years ahead of us of life changing opportunities in one of the biggest macro trends of all time. And what's great is how people still don't yet get it, and they don't yet believe in it, and they don't yet understand it. And that means we get to be first. Even if you're the class of 2012 like me or the class of 2023, you will still be early, and the opportunity is ahead. This is what Dan and I think is the big macro bet, maybe the biggest macro bet of all time. Anyway, let's sit down with Dan Sapiero and talk. Crutto. Join me, Raoul Pell, as I go on a journey of discovery through the macro, crypto, and exponential age landscapes in the journeyman. I talk to the smartest people in the world so we can all become smarter together. Dan Tapiero. How the devil are you?
Speaker B: Raul? Good to be back. It's been a while.
Speaker A: That's right. We're both in the Caribbean. Different parts of the Caribbean.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's. It's beautiful here in Dorado beach. Very happy to be here, especially during the winter.
Speaker A: Exactly right. Exactly right. Now, listen, I think what we'll do is we'll first talk macro as ever to level set, then we'll talk digital assets where we are, and then we'll talk what you're specifically up to, because that's always a nice journey for people to go down. So you and I seem to have been the only people who actually thought this was a stupidly disinflationary environment. And we've both been yelling about it. Talk me through your macro view.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, I have to say I was right about the trajectory of inflation this year, but wrong on interest rates.
Speaker A: Same.
Speaker B: Look, I think this year you and I have both been right on inflation, but frankly wrong on interest rates. I think the Fed has made a terrible mistake. Bye. Not following their own dictate, that policy works with a lag and usually an 18 month lag. So in my 30 year career, and I'm sure in yours, we've never experienced a Fed that was responding month to month as a result of CPI readings or employment readings. It's always been, always, policy works with a lag about 18 months, 24 months. And so I think they turned extremely aggressive, tightening at the absolute peak of the CPI. It was right at the 7% print or whenever that was. And CPI has come down just about every month. And so while we were right about inflation, they kept tightening. And just recently, of course, the ten year broke out to the upside. So I think our view that broadly this tightening will be disinflationary was right even up to, I would say, you know, 3.54%. Now there's a risk that it could actually slip into deflation, to my view.
Speaker A: On this, because I've been observing exactly the same thing. This macro breakage between what the fed normally do and what rates normally do. My view is the fed arent stupid. So they did it on purpose. I talk about this debt refi cycle and the only way of doing that is to have deflation. So then they can get rates lower and they can use the balance sheet. I kind of feel like it was purposefully orchestrated.
Speaker B: I dont think Raul, that seems too fancy. I, you know, it doesn't really. I mean, look, that's possible, but I think it's a bit too fancy in a sense. I'm not sure that they think that they have that much control, you know, the way they acted, at least in my view, it feels to me like they've been acting from a position of weakness, not strength. They've been very reactive. This hasn't been planned. So look, as far as I can remember, this is, I mean, I say the worst fed that we've lived through, but I really think they didn't tighten soon enough. Then they panicked and tightened over, tightened, decided to overtighten at the peak, and now they're staying tight. Now look, that doesn't preclude them from potentially shifting again, you know, in March or April when the data becomes even more clear. But I just think that, look, if there were ever a case to be made against centralized monetary policy, I mean, think about it. A handful of people sit around a round desk in DC and make the monetary policy for the world, especially in a world which is moving towards a decentralized framework, you know, driven by AI. And you've talked about this in your monthly letters. It's such an interesting, intense, fast world that it is an acronym to think that you've got whatever, 812, 70 year old guys sitting around looking at the PMI and the payroll number and waiting for the headline CPI to make a decision. It really seems, especially given how much time we spend in this new digital asset ecosystem, it does seem really antiquated.
Speaker A: It feels a bit ludicrous really, looking at data releases month by month when there's real time data everywhere. Everybody knows what's going on and they're all sitting there shuffling around the latest inflation report like it's a surprise. I mean, it's the weirdest thing.
Speaker B: I know I do get a 0.1 surprise to the downside and everyone is cheering and it just seems. I think that's one of the reasons I've been bullish on the stock market. We had that peak in July, we bottomed in October. Bullish on crypto really since Q four of 22 within about a week of the FTX collapse. I was very bullish on Twitter in the funds. I put $120 million to work within the next few weeks. I think that was the low in price. Again, we talked about this the last time, but it was a very obvious bullish divergence. You had the worst possible news you could imagine with sand bank and free FTX collapse, and yet ethereum couldn't make a new log price. Old time trader very obvious the moment the selling had dried up. We then spent the next six to nine months going sideways with an upward bias. And I think the sentiment low was cheap. Sometime in the summer on the Gensler attack and the suing of Coinbase, et cetera, et cetera. And now we're into the next leg, I would say the second inning of this nine inning bull market in the, in crypto so I think we would be much higher in price if the two year were not at 5%. I think the high in the two year yield was made just like last week. And I mean, there's, if you look at like a three or four year chart, it's just started to drop. And I think we'll probably be around 3% next year.
Speaker A: What confuses most people is we say they've over tightened, which is probably recessionary, one way, shape or form, whether it's a deep recession or not, it doesn't really matter. And people are like, well, we're going to get another crash. And I'm like, no, no, that happened last year.
Speaker B: It was priced last year. Yeah, we priced all of that in, in Q 422. And this is something interesting, I think, and we may have even discussed this before, but I think the smartest players in the tradfi traditional markets today are the tech and technology focused PM's. And I think that the most intensely negative fed for the Nasdaq got priced in over a year ago. And the bond market, which in my view, I don't want to say there's no intelligent life forms left there, but in the 1980s and nineties, the smartest guys in the world, I mean, you know, the Mike Vraynos is the smartest guys were in the bond market. The math guys from Caltech, really. We didn't have tech, essentially. I mean, it was just venture in the seventies and eighties. And so the number of players, especially in the nineties, like really great investors who focused on the bond markets exclusively think, I mean, it was a huge number. I don't think the bond markets have as great an ability to forecast and discount the future as the people on the Nasdaq do. And it's a bit of a strange thing because I'm not saying that the bond market is wrong all the time. I just think that they're too close to the historical data series, whereas the Nasdaq investors are already looking out three and five years. They're the ones who have the ability, I think, to more properly discount the future, which is not something you'd hear. But I mean, I remember, like, I don't know anyone really left in the bond markets. Maybe you do. I mean, who, you know, but you remember the intense, the Solomon brothers guys.
Speaker A: The, you know, all of those, they were amazing. They, they were the legend of the industry. There's nobody there now.
Speaker B: No. And, you know, and it makes sense. I mean, the rates were zero for basically for ten years of real rates. So there wasn't great opportunity. And so people, the smartest people, always drift to where the opportunity is the greatest to make the most amount of money. And I, you know, that's why I think, especially being in the world we're in with digital assets. The smartest guys I've ever are in this space now, I don't think that they're very good at discounting the future. The younger guys, many of them, they're not markets guys. There's a lot of retail involvement, but I certainly do not believe in the bond market's ability to price a future like even a three, four year future. Well, and so I think that the Nasdaq discounted the worst case for the fed a year ago. The bond market just did it two weeks ago.
Speaker A: My view is that Russell 2000 is the same. It's living in present day macro. And Stan Druckenmill always says this, you need to live six to 18 months in the future. You can't live in present day macro. But the Russell 2000, the bond market, the oil market, the copper market, are all living in today's macro picture, which is bizarre.
Speaker B: Yeah. I think it has to do with where are the risk takers out there? It's the pension funds that are in the bond market these days. They're not in the cutting edge crypto digital assets or even in, even in the Nasdaq seven. I mean, how many people out there continue to say, oh, the market's terrible, it's only these seven stocks? Well, it's because those seven stocks are unbelievable and they're completely dominant. They have no competitors anywhere in the world like Microsoft, Amazon. These are non replicatable businesses. You can't just pop up one day in France or in Indonesia or somewhere and all of a sudden build that. And so we forget there's thousands and thousands of employees. They're very well organized. They are the ones that are going to be able to pivot to an unknown future. It's not some utility or some manufacturing company in Tennessee or whatever it is. Right? I think the world really has changed. And we talk about this a lot. We see it in crypto because it's the most age sort of demarcated market or sector I've ever been involved with. People under 35, all of them understand that this is the future. And people over 60, 65, they still don't quite understand it. They don't believe it. And on Twitter or xdev, there's a lot of talk about, like, doing the work right, doing that deep dive. Now, you've been in this space since 2012. I mean, you've had a great call, maybe even before, I don't remember. You've had a phenomenal call on the space, but you've done a huge amount of work, as have I. And it's not just, oh, it's going up. We're interested in, I mean, we think this is, you know, I think, probably the most important global macro development, certainly, I don't know, in the last 50 years, I mean, since all out, even more than securitization. I mean, I think it's much bigger than anything we've dealt with.
Speaker A: I took, like you when you see the landscape all going towards one way. And for me, it was like technology and crypto, and then you just look at crypto and it just outperforms everything. It just coalesces all of your focal point into one thing. I went like you. Deep down this rabbit hole, I probably created more macro understanding of crypto than anybody else. By thinking and building. You've gone massively into the space. You kicked me back into the space in 2018 or 2019. I hadn't given up on it. I just wasn't focused on it. And you were like, you know, you were pretty close to. That was, I can't remember. That was like June 2018, and by October, it had bought Boston.
Speaker B: And then Q 119, I was really pounding the table. And I remember you were concerned about tether. And I kept saying, and I can remember this clearly because I said, well, the value of the space at the time, I guess, was around 300 billion, like, total value in the space. And I think tether was like 20 billion or something like that. Or. And so I said, maybe it was. I can't remember, but I thought, okay, well, if tether goes to zero, like, so what? It's a drop in the bucket. It was sort of the same big, like, macro value analysis with FTX. I mean, I thought the maximum total loss in FTX, like, the next day would have been, it was like $10 billion, but the space is worth over a trillion, like, the value of all the cryptocurrencies and all the equity in the space. So who cares about $10 billion, right? It was just the sentiment. There's a lot of emotion, human emotion, that comes to play in this space, I have to say, because there aren't as many professionals, like old time portfolio managers, people who have gotten crushed many, many times. I mean, I've had tremendous number of ups and downs over the years in the traditional markets, so I don't really have much emotion when it comes to analyzing the markets. But if you're a 27 year old guy and you've never been involved in 100 different markets, and you're feeling rich one day and wahoo, you're buying a lambo, and then a year later, you're suicidal because you've lost 80% of your money. So, thankfully, we get to avoid that. And, I mean, I saw recently, the charts also help us because it gives us a sense of where the market is pricing. You've had a phenomenal call on Solana. I guess we can talk about that later. But I think the fact that, and this was in your monthly GMI that I think everybody should be getting. I don't know how anybody in crypto does not get the monthly GMI.
Speaker A: I'm really proud of it, actually. It's a bloody good publication I've got.
Speaker B: It's really good. But you said, look, the moment in Solana at $20 had equivalents to you of Ethereum at, what was the price?
Speaker A: 2018 low. Yes, right.
Speaker B: The same thing. Bitcoin. But you'd mentioned the prices. Right. The beginning of the previous bull markets. And so people, you know, should understand that when you're making that kind of comment, it's like it's the residue of 30 years of analyzing markets. It's not like you're some kind of cheerleader for the space. Like, we don't have that. I don't care about cheerleading. Right. We just. We want to get in at the right time, notice when the market is cheap, have a view about the future that others don't have, and then execute it. Right. It's not a cheerleading thing. Right.
Speaker A: No. And also, you and I learned a new trick, which was that we realized that this was a long duration asset, and you need to have a longer time horizon than was traditionally macro.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And we both had to learn that. You have to learn it. It's hard, but you learn it. And you learn, as you're doing now, is if you've got a long duration, you should be buying in the sell offs and not selling. I watch what you do with one RT versus most VC investors. They're waiting for prices to go to highs because they don't understand the macro. It's crazy.
Speaker B: I know they're not market oriented people. And I think that that's what's so interesting, is that our space, it really is a market, and I say often on x that it's really the only truly free market out there. You know what? We've undergone tremendous volatility, massive creative destruction every two, three years, and there's been no government intervention. There's been no centralized authority coming in. It really is a free market. And I'm a free markets guy from the eighties and nineties that all came out of the Reagan era. And every effort to sort of tamper with the markets, to me, sends wrong signals. And I think that's probably why we're in the position we're in now with the federal deficits and the old fiat system. Theres just too much interference. Right. Like I think you and I both agreed, somewhere in the early two thousands, 2010, im not sure the pricing signals that we used to look at in the nineties and two thousands that were more pure, theyre sort of, theyve gone away. Right. The market doesnt price assets based on, I think, value. You have all these different actors. There's politics involved. I really appreciate that. I know that's not something that people talk about much.
Speaker A: Also, Dan, the other thing I wrote about in GMI this month is I'm trying to get people to understand what this is. You go to a traditional asset allocator. This is what you and I grew up with as emerging markets. It's where you can make money. I wrote this article about cryptoland and fiat land and how the ETF is just a trade agreement between these two different worlds, and that crypto land is growing faster, the population is growing faster, productivity is higher. So obviously it attracts capital over time. And I think emerging markets have gone nowhere for over a decade now, some two decades, some three decades, and you're like, here is an emerging market that's growing faster than any other emerging market you've ever seen. That old emerging market allocation should really be a crypto allocation. That's what I'm starting to get my head around.
Speaker B: Yeah, but I think crypto is bigger than emerging markets.
Speaker A: I know this is for the traditionalists to try and get them to understand. It's much bigger, obviously, because this emerging market takes over the world.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think that's right. I mean, the emerging market play was also a value play. These countries were starting at zero. You know, you had, you remember those polish bonds in the early nineties? And, you know, these are countries that were communist and there were no economies. China was a zero. I think it had in the late nineties, China's GDP was $1 trillion. I mean, just a little bit larger, I think, than the size of Canada. Right. So these countries didn't exist in an economic sense. And so I think that was catch up.
Speaker A: But isn't that the same thing is the same thing.
Speaker B: This is the application of math and computer science and, you know, game theory and sociology, psychology to, I think, the entire world of value. So it's much bigger than just some countries catching up and growing. It's just that there's a complexity here that's difficult to understand and you really need to spend a lot of time to focus and understand why it's such an important. I call it invention. This is the first time we did that first interview in the middle of 2019.
Speaker A: Security truth machine.
Speaker B: Yeah. And I think that's really what it is. What's a bit strange is that, you know, you have people in positions of authority in the US, like Gensler, who are, you know, actively attacking. So it's not that it's even a neutral. He doesn't talk about all the benefits ever. I mean, it's absurd. So now we have other countries around the world that have done the work. Singapore and Hong Kong and the UAE. London is moving ahead a little bit and I think that businesses are drifting there that are in the digital asset universe and people are trying to stay away from the US. For now. I think it's just for now, it is curious to me, do you have a. Well, yeah.
Speaker A: My mental model for this is the fact that London started the FX market in the sixties because the US had protectionism once it got off the gold standard or the seventies. And then the UK said, well, everybody needs to now swap currencies with each other. We'll set it up in London. The US was being restrictive that capital controls, so that London took that over, then became the lending market, which was the eurodollar market. The US stopped their banks doing it, so the UK took it, created the biggest market the world has ever seen. Then same thing happened with derivatives because we had the C? Amine Cbot in the US. The UK changed the bank regs to allow OTC derivatives and the swaps market came, which became $1.4 quadrillion. The US missed that all. So if you remember, you and I would generally meet in London. In past days, everything was in London. The FX market, the derivative market, everybody was there. Goldman's headquarters, sure was in New York, but the intellectual capital was all in London. So were the profits. And I think we're just going to repeat the same thing. I think the US is a bit nervous about its reverse reserve currency status and how it fits in with this world.
Speaker B: So London, I'm not really there. I don't think that there's anything that's really going to challenge the dollar in the fiat world.
Speaker A: I don't either. I don't either. But they seem scared of it.
Speaker B: I know. Well, the dollar has gone down. If you look at it the other way, 99% against bitcoin. In the last 1011 years, people have lost huge amounts of purchasing power who have not moved into this world. And again, that's the risk, I think, of the Trapfi people not moving in is that their wealth, the value that they have, continues to erode. And we've talked about this again before that. I think that instead of a debt jubilee or debt problem, what happens is that debt just very slowly sits in the traditional world and devalues versus everything in the digital world. And so you have the digital asset ecosystem that's debt free. And so it's a pure market. It's clean. This right now is the beginning of the normie, traditional corporate world adoption of web three, blockchain, crypto, digital assets, whatever you want to call it, it's happening now. At the end of the last bear phase, we didn't have hundreds of companies trying to figure out how to, like, incorporate nfts into their, you know, business model. Now you've got adidas and LBMH and Nike and all these giant companies on that end, you've got Franklin Templeton and Fidelity and Blackrock. I mean, it's, the buying hasn't happened yet, but they've put down their stake and they've said to the people in Washington, listen, we control trillions of dollars of assets, okay? We want an ETF, all right? So that's great, but that's just a conduit for capital. Could you imagine what's going to happen when the people at those institutions understand that that is just the very beginning of what's so interesting about this world, right? Just buying bitcoin in Ethereum, I mean, big deal, right? Like, that's great. But it seems they don't have, have any greater conception for what's going on, which I would call is the digitization of all value that exists in the world. At some point, we'll sit on a blockchain somewhere in this d eight, as I call it. And that's where we're going.
Speaker A: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker C: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what. With each vendor. Ramp software collects and verifies receipts instantly to save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments. Time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get dollar 250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy. Ramp.com easy rmp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank and celtic bank members have DIC terms and conditions apply.
Speaker A: When people ask me, what do you think of the structure of the bull market that lies ahead? My view is probably similar to yours. It's everything everywhere, all at once.
Speaker B: It is. I know. I completely agree completely.
Speaker A: It's like, we know we're going to digitize finance and everybody's working on it. All of the big shops plus all the private sector. We know the NFTs and their applications, you know, and with the Solana compressed NFTs means you can make millions of them for cheaper than printing a ticket. So that's ticketing. You know, there's all of these structures that are all going to come together because everyone's been building. I mean, you see it because you've been investing in this. Most people can't see it until it's in front of their faces, but we all know what's coming because everybody's been working on this shit forever.
Speaker B: Yeah, and it's still early. I mean, honestly, I'm surprised at how early, but it's still early. I mean, the space today, and this is incredible, has, I would say, between two and $2.5 trillion of value in it. So again, I see big macro. Here's trap five with hundreds of trillions of dollars total wealth north of 500 trillion. And then over here is the digital asset ecosystem. All the cryptocurrencies now are worth about 1.5 trillion, with 1 trillion of it being bitcoin and ethereum, plus a little bit. And then I think we have another 500 to 800 billion in the value of the equity of the businesses in this world. And as you know, that's what we've invested in. We've invested in 24 of the, I would call mid to late stage, so not venture growth at the growth stage of companies in the space. Again, you know, I'm not a venture guy. It's very hard for me to make specific bets based on the quality of the code of one chain versus the other. We're really looking to invest in companies that are 50 million in revenue and greater. And so we built this portfolio now that I think is a great proxy for the space. And we're in the middle of raising our fourth, of my fourth fund. And the opportunity said today, I don't want to say it's never been better, but the pricing has come in tremendously for the equity of some of the businesses that are really core to the ecosystem. Like consensys. The stock trading in the secondary is much lower than their previous rounds. And it's not that the company is worth less, it's that there are distressed sellers still. There are hedge funds out there, individuals, there are people who need cash, right? Like we did a little bit of secondary the other day for somebody who needed money to pay their taxes. So, you know, because there are younger people in this space and they're leveraged up, right, they have everything in this space. And so some of them got a little far out over their skis. And so tremendous opportunity for us also to lead the next rounds for many of these companies.
Speaker A: But don't you notice, to go back to the point I made earlier, there's almost nobody else doing this. It's like so bloody obvious. The timing is so good, and none of the VC's are deploying capital. It's crazy.
Speaker B: I think that the fear in the marketplace, the fear of the markets, the fear of the fed, the fear of Gensler, but I think it crescendoed about two months ago. But I think that that's what kept people on the sidelines. Venture, to me is very different. If you're investing in the seed or brewing rounds in this space, you have a tremendous amount of risk, but you also have potentially tremendous upside. We want to invest in companies that we think can make five to ten x over the ten year life of the fund. And so this concept of duration that you talked about is very important. I think we both learned, trading and managing portfolios in the macro, macro world that, you know, you can have very fidgety investors, you can have a great macro idea, and your macro idea could go up five x. But if it goes down 30% in a three or four month period, you get blown out and then you lose the trade and everyone comes screaming and you don't know what you're doing, and then you end up being right anyway. So after having experienced that a bunch of times, you realize that if you really want to build wealth in this space, you have to buy something that you can hold for ten years, whatever it is that you like. I'm not saying, oh, you should come into my fund, you do what you like. I said whatever it is that you're comfortable holding. And so the structure of the fund is such that, I don't want to say it's been impervious to the bear phase, but we've had a very little drawdown, very little, because the portfolio is diversified. We have companies that are core infrastructure that continue to make money. You can see that some of the areas, I call it, underneath the hood, have continued to grow tremendously. I mean, stablecoins, I think, last year settled $8 trillion of value. That's up from zero three years ago. And I think we're going to get close to that number again this year. The transaction value versus PayPal and visa. And people are always shocked to see that there's more value of the transactions than in, because visa and PayPal will do many, many very small transactions, and you can get a 300 $500 million trade on bitcoin. The value that's been transacted is actually greater today. Most people aren't aware of that. You could show that if you like. So I believe, and I've said this before, bitcoin is the invention, is the core asset, that the code is the core asset of the space. Ethereum, I think, now has a cheap network effect and is the layer that many developers prefer building on top of. And you can see there are more and more developers coming to the ecosystem. Even through the bear phase, when bitcoin Ethereum down 50% to 70%, developers continued to move into the space. And so now that those two are the core assets, I think you're making the case now, and I think it's probably right that Solana is the next one, maybe two years from now, to achieve network effect. But on top of all that are many different companies, many different businesses, many different iterations of what happens in the old world, right? So even look at the us banking system, right? I think that that is collapsing on itself, right? Slowly contracting. There are too many banks, and it's slowly payments and savings. I like this concept that bitcoin is a savings technology. I think it is custody, all of these different areas within the overall ecosystem. And I showed you, I have also a slide that it's super proprietary. But I'm going to share it here with you. It's a map of the digital asset ecosystem that we share with our investors.
Speaker A: And it's a. Yeah, that's fascinating.
Speaker B: It's a very. It is a map. You won't see that anywhere else. I've never seen anything like it. We've come up with it because when we make investments, we want them to be leveraged to the growth in the overall ecosystem. And so in that way, during bear phases, you know, we have some stability, right? We're not just, you know, the funds had very minimal drawdowns in 22 and 23, you know, even though we had some companies in the portfolio, like the.
Speaker A: It's quite funny. I bumped into Stevie Cohen. I was at his box at the Mets.
Speaker B: Is that right?
Speaker A: We were chatting about you and typical Stevie. He's like, yeah, I bet he's lost his arse in that whole digital asset VC. I'm like, no, I think he's fine. He's like, he must be taking pain. I'm like, Stevie, it's VC. There's no mark to market or it's growth.
Speaker B: It's really growth equity. I really don't think about us.
Speaker A: Yeah, growth equity VC there.
Speaker B: Well, you know, I worked for Steve for ten years and so, you know, we were made friends and, yeah, he's.
Speaker A: Very fond of you, but it was funny. First thing he did was like, he's got to be losing money.
Speaker B: I'm like, Steve, he's very competitive. Let's just say that he's very competitive. You know, he's one of the great, certainly business people in that hedge fund business, you know, of all time. And probably in terms of just being a pure equity trader, I think he does less of that now, but phenomenal hit ratio. He's like a sniper going in, but he's very short term. He doesn't trade or hold investments or think about things on a five year, at least for the portfolio. So it's a very different outlook. That's exactly why I was there sitting next to him for five years, because I had a very different outlook and mentality, you know, and I think that, you know, I think that was valuable to him because he just, he doesn't think in that same way now. Is my way better than his? Probably not. He's accumulated, I don't know, whatever it is, 20 billion or whatever it is, and I'm not. So maybe his way is better. But you know what? We don't get to choose that. I think we all move towards our core strengths and competencies.
Speaker A: Raoul, here's a question. As you're going around the world, because you've been traveling a lot this year raising for this fund, what kind of investors are you seeing now? Is it still family offices predominantly, or are you starting to see, finally the institutions coming in?
Speaker B: Yeah, so I would say that for most of the year, and again, I've never traveled more than I have this year. Crazy, crazy travel schedule, but mostly larger family offices. But in the last three weeks, all of a sudden, people who had said they would either come into the fund in January or who were, you know, crypto, blockchain, whatever, not a priority all of a sudden want to have meetings. And so it actually just started in the last few weeks. And I mean, you know, very, very large institutional people that haven't. Okay, this is important. That haven't invested in the space at all. So that is new. As you know, we have some institutions in the funds, Texas teachers and the Michigan MERS pension fund. And so we have a few of those. But the us institutions are still nowhere, meaning that their level of understanding is not great. They're not really interested. I'm talking endowments, pensions, the tens of trillions of dollars out there. Maybe with Blackrock and Franklin, Templeton and Fidelity. Maybe a year or two from now, they'll start to when bitcoin's at 80,000, then they'll. I know, I know. However, the larger foreign institutions now, because there was never really much of a bear market in sentiment in 23. So remember, the market bottomed in Q 422. But I was in Japan. I went to Tokyo for Webexley, you know, 15,000 people there. The prime minister of Japan spoke. I was in Singapore at 2049. You could get run over by people like, it was a stampede. I mean, 10,000 people there with 400 side events in Dubai every other week. There's another crypto industry blockchain conference. I'm going for Abu Dhabi Finance Week at the end of the month and then heading to Hong Kong for another week. So it just, it really never stopped overseas. And it's just the us press and the drumbeat from the SEC and the Fed. It was a combination of the Fed overdoing it, scaring people on liquidity.
Speaker A: Are you finding it's more asian led, or are you seeing interest in Europe as well?
Speaker B: No, it's Middle east. Remember going back to our old days a little bit. The Middle east currencies are all just pegged to the dollar, so their savings are like essentially 90 plus percent in dollars. Every time they, every, every barrel of oil is in dollars. If they convert it to dirham, it's still in dollars. So think about the accumulated wealth of that entire region. They need to diversify a little bit so they understand intuitively that this is an alternative. It's very different. Asia is more focused on blockchain gaming. I mean, Korea is the global hub. Japan, it's all about web three and how those traditional gaming companies become blockchain gaming. They see it. So I think it's very gaming focused. Europe still, I'm not seeing a lot. I mean, I think that from Europe is very bureaucratic. So maybe they're moving first with the regulatory and I think in March something is coming out from the EU and then London, as you said, is making progress. But you know, and I've said this before, each of the different regions around the world, they're really, you know, there are different use cases that excite them. When you go to Paris for blockchain week, it's really the luxury goods companies trying to figure out nfts, right. It's not the same thing. As I said, it's more gaming in Asia, Middle east. To me, it's more about actually cryptocurrency and savings technology. And I think this new area RWas real world asset tokenization. This is what we've all been waiting for for many, many years. And stable coins are of, are actually, you know, and that's the first step in the archive.
Speaker A: Tokenize euro dollars as far as I can see. You know, it's painful.
Speaker B: Exactly, exactly. But it's now big, it's happened, it's. And so I think that's sort of leading the way for tokenizing all different things. You know, one of our companies figure, you know, led by. I don't know if you remember, Mike Cagney used to be in the.
Speaker A: I do. And I also saw him at your events and just super impressed. Tell people about what figure are doing because I think it's really interesting.
Speaker B: Well, they're doing a whole bunch of things. You know, I would say they want to be the platform for all potential things of value. So from funds, they've started to tokenize funds, I think, you know, credit instruments. Their real focus is mortgages. So they're going to do a few hundred million dollars in revenue this year in the HELOC world. So they've become a prominent HELOC player and they've actually. It's really interesting. We've been doing some more digging recently. They've actually incorporated blockchain into the mortgage origination process, the HELOC origination process. And I have this chart, maybe, I don't know if I probably can't share it, but at different places along the process of going from applying for one to actually receiving one, they have, I would guess, restructured. They've restructured and injected, you know, their own technology into the process such that you can save. I think it's something like they're saving two to three percentage points on every heloc that's done. And so I think, you know, they also have a white label product. So there are other mortgage players that are seeing what they're doing, and they actually are using figure product. And so I think mortgages are complex, and so they started with mortgages, and I think hopefully they would be the place that potentially all mortgages would be tokenized. And again, I think his vision is much bigger than that, is to be a place, you know, where you have real estate. There's a great flywheel. I think I even have a chart here. Yeah, here it is. These asset management, bankruptcy transactions, Dapps lending, asset backed securities fund solutions, crypto spot trading, derivatives trading. Anyway, all this is going to be on the figure markets platform. So, you know, there are too many guys that have a track record of beat. Successfully. He launched, founded Sofi, and brought that to its ultimate public listing. And I think he's one of the few guys that can actually execute on a vision. It's not easy, and there have been fits and starts, but I would call it rewiring the plumbing of the.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's right.
Speaker B: Angel system.
Speaker A: So who do you think is going to go public first? Because obviously, that's going to be another phase as we restructure. I mean. I mean, nobody's ipoing the markets that we've got. No new, fresh stuff in actual markets. Is it going to be circle, you think?
Speaker B: Well, circle. Kraken talked about it yesterday. We own both those companies in our portfolio. I've been saying to prospective investors, look, I don't know very many things of the 99% degree of probability, but I will tell you the 99% degree of probability. Five years from now, Coinbase will not be the only public, large public crypto, web three blockchain business. It's impossible. We're investing in the companies that three, four years, I think, potentially could be public. Kraken etoro is another one. We have ledger possibly deramed potentially. These are companies making hundreds of millions in revenue. I think that's what the old world doesn't quite really realize or understand. They just think it's all venture. So it is surprising to me. We're still the only growth fund in the world that's exclusively and only focused on this area. I'm just an old time macro guy. I think they're coming. There's just no way. I keep saying to you this, that it continues to be the case, part and parcel of this, the normie world that people call it. Oh, the institutions are coming. I just think broad based adoption begins with the ETF, with the traditional players putting their stamp on it. But even a broader based adoption comes with my companies beginning to go public. And it may be on Nasdaq, it may not be. Maybe they end up being public in Singapore and London, I don't know. But I don't think. You can't go from the traditional world and traditional mindset, having equity at 60, 70% of your portfolio into defi. Right. There has to be an intermediate step. And I think everyone is comfortable owning equity in businesses. And so that's one of the reasons my whole concept with ten t and one RT was to invest and be the bridge from the traditional world to the new world. I never was planning to, like, compete in the new world. I can't compete with polychain and paradigm and parafy and, you know, Andreessen and I just don't have that level of technology expertise. I mean, Marc Andreessen, for goodness sake, like, forget about it. So. But the bridge between the old world and the new, I think, is ten years. It takes ten years to cross that bridge. And I think it's going to be done partially through the equity ownership. Capital will move in through the equity ownership of companies that are successful.
Speaker A: One of the things that's very interesting is the Kraken team pinged me about that they had bought an equity exchange, or traditional market exchange where they were buying one, or a brokerage, whatever it was. That is so obvious where this is going as well is sooner or later one of these coinbase kraken or. And everybody else will end up just tokenizing equities.
Speaker B: And no, I think that's 100%. That's already, I want to say, baked in the cake. But when I think about this next bull phase, pass the havening into 25, 26, I think we come out of that, you know, certainly bitcoin over 100,000, ethereum over three, 4000. I think it's not a very aggressive call. But as the normie population moves towards like more full scale adoption, you're going to see everything absolutely. This cycle is about those people moving in and you're going to see everything tokenized.
Speaker A: I mean, everything everywhere, all at once is the whole idea. So here's the thing for you. I did a bit of work on brokerages and their customer base. So you hear these big numbers about Fidelity and Schwab, but most of that is the RAA stuff. So you take the online stuff, that is for the active population. Schwab, Fidelity, TD, Ameritrade, they're all about two to 4 million monthly active users. Interactive brokers, 5 million users, 300,000 monthly active users. Then it goes to, then the next step is Robinhood, which is 22 million accounts with 12 million active. And then the thing that dwarfs all of them added together is Coinbase. It's 109 million accounts of which, at the depth of the bear market, 9 million were active. I was at Coinbase the other day in their offices chatting to the head of asset management. Im like if activity goes just to normal, not crazy levels, back to normal. Hes like, yeah, well be at 40 million active wallets. People cant see it, but its already dwarfed the traditional markets in terms of retail publicization.
Speaker B: I know. Yeah. Let me, is there, was there a follow up?
Speaker A: No, it's just the observation how big it is.
Speaker B: I know. It's the same thing when I say to people that, you know, there's two and a half trillion dollars of value already here, they just can't believe, like, what's it doing there? I still get questions routinely now they're proclamations for people. There are no use cases. This is all still speculation. Look, those people will be left behind. Yeah, I agree. It's already with us. It's already big. And look, Larry Fink is probably the most important comments of the year. Forget about the ETF. Yes, that's great. But two years ago he was saying this is all about fraud and money laundering. And then he changes in July and says, well, it's a global asset, it's an important asset and they're going to get the ETF. So if you think about it, that's about as traditional a guy as there is out there. He completely reversed. So I think it's just a matter of time. But there's so much capital in the US, right? And the people at the very back of this train are US institutional and also the big US financial businesses. They already make so much money. Like, look at Blackstone, right? It's a trillion dollars. They don't, they don't care about, I mean, that's just their aum, they don't, they're not really caring about crypto. I, you know, they're not focused on it. They should own the whole space already, right? Like, the companies that I own, they should own all of them already. And, you know, but, you know, when you gift of the opportunity, what's the point? Like, I, you know, if you already have success in your area, but like, I don't know if I'm steam schwartz, maybe I wake up one day and I, I say, look, I'm going to put, you know, 500, I'm going to put $10 billion here and I'm going to have 50 people in this area move over to that area. But they're still not there. But now this phase, I think at the end of this phase, everyone will be there at the 25, 26, maybe not everyone, but I think it's going to be that my companies, many of them potentially in 25 and beyond, will start to become public. And then you get the brokerage reports, you get the, you know, the education gets ramped up. And that's really what we're talking about, you and I talking about this back and forth. I mean, it just seems like, you know, we're not on CNBC or maybe you are. I'm not, I'm not on the news or anything like that. So I still think you have like the FT and the journal, all of these guys, New York Times, they're way behind. Bloomberg is nowhere in terms of their understanding. So I think that's all coming in this cycle.
Speaker A: So final question for you. Do you think that the structure of the cycle changes or does it remain the same? So let's say which cycle, the crypto cycle, is it going to be as volatile or is it going to be somewhat more smoothed by the sheer number of people being involved?
Speaker B: Well, so I think the mentor, everything's cyclical, right?
Speaker A: We live in a cyclical world. We know that. Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah. The venture side will continue to have all this volatility, but if you look even at our businesses, the volatility of earnings revenues is not comparable to the space. So as an example, crack, and don't quote me 100% on this. In 2020, they did 200 million in revenue. Then they did a billion plus and 21. Then I think they dropped down to around 522. And this year they'll probably be 600 or more. I mean, so look, the volatility there, I mean, yes, it dropped down during the bear phase. We're still up three x from 200, but much easier to sit with. I think a business that's producing revenue. And so it's just like a bond. A bond that, like a zero coupon bond that has no cash flow is more volatile than a high coupon bond that's paying you, you know, whatever it is, or a lower credit treasury instrument. So I think that the tail end. So bitcoin will be less volatile in these next cycles. But look, it's impossible to think that there are only going to be two or three protocols that achieve network effect. Arguably, and I don't want to get into this now, but arguably, like Ripple, which I don't really understand, is a $40 billion asset, and then the company is worth somewhere between five and 10 billion, and they've been around for ten years. So ordinarily, you would say Ripple's achieved network effect. You don't hear many people really talking about how great Ripple is, but they've been around Ripple. If it was going to go to zero, it should have gone to zero. Why hasn't it gone to zero? I don't know. We haven't done the work on the business. We probably should have. My point is that the stuff that's at the early stages of invention, the pre public protocols that are all programmers are working on, that's going to stay a small little. It'll go up 100 x and then go down 99%. That is always going to. That's going to continue. But as these cryptocurrencies achieve network effect, the volatility goes down, period. And I think that the businesses are sort of on the lower volatile volatility at the end.
Speaker A: Because they have cash flow.
Speaker B: Yeah, because they have cash flow. I mean, the protocols have cash flow. Ethereum, I think you probably saw, was the fastest to 10 billion in revenue, or the second fastest business, if you would call it that, you know, of all time. Right. So I. But it's. It's not the kind of revenue that traditional investors are used to. So I think that, like, our space is going to just explode. And as more capital comes in from the traditional world, this is the adoption cycle.
Speaker A: And the other thing, the final thought for me is that one thing people don't realize, you obviously realize, most people don't realize this is the only global homogeneous asset class. It's the same in Brazil, as it is in India, as it is in Silicon Valley, as it is in London. That shows you the tam is larger than anything else.
Speaker B: It's more than hundreds of trillions. And I tell anybody who's sort of under 30 that, you know, if you an entrepreneur and you're interested in building wealth, this is the space. Figure out something to do. There are myriad number of things that you can do, meaning that even if you're a. Let's say you want to be a salesperson, okay, I have a bunch of companies that need great sales people. You have to understand the product, etcetera. If you're interested in marketing, if you're interested in programming development, and this is whatever your skill set is, it's needed. I'm just telling, in this space, we have board seats on eleven of the 24 companies we're invested in. And so we really, now this is sort of the next level of business for us. Our next level of focus is that we are actually getting involved in helping our companies operate. And you might like laugh a little bit, like Dan going from macro PM to rolling up his sleeves, like talking to management about doing x, Y and Z, you might be saying, well, what do I know about management? But if you focus enough and you have the right team around you, I've really built a phenomenal team, five partners. I've got six analysts now, and we're 17 people, and we really have that skillset. And to be able to go in and actually, with companies that aren't doing so well, we can actually protect our downside a little bit by injecting some, I guess, strategic and governance help. One thing I would say, and this is different, again, maybe we should have talked about this earlier, but what's really interesting about some of the companies we own is that because they're private deals, we actually are able to structure them much differently, like the companies when we, you know, that we have. It's not the same thing. It's not similar to owning Coinbase. Coinbase, you can own common equity, right? You're common. And so, you know, you can push it on the screen and you can see it trade live. But the reality is, in half the businesses we own, we have liquidation preferences. So we actually own calls with embedded puts, which is very different. Our downside in many of even these growth businesses is protected. And so that's a whole new area that I've moved into, that we moved into that I never would have been involved with as a macro guy years ago. So that's a skill set that the team has. And yes, there's illiquidity, but there's also quite a lot of protection. So that's why I would respond to Stevie that I'm not getting my head handed to me, because we have liquidation preferences everywhere and all sorts of other rights that we've embedded into the portfolio.
Speaker A: Fabulous. Dan, look. Let's see. As we kick off, as you said, this is just the second innings. It starts to get exciting, then it usually pauses for a bit, and then it all starts to go really bananas. So it's all to play for. And I think we both agree it's an everything everywhere, all at once. So.
Speaker B: Not to focus on anything else, really. You take your eye off the ball here. I think it was over a certain period of time. If you missed the ten biggest days in bitcoin, your return is like de minimis or whatever it is. You have to be in committed long, and the only way to have conviction to do that is to do all the work and stay focused.
Speaker A: I agree. And, you know, I put it out. I put it in GMI. I think it was July, and it was just titled don't fuck this up. It's like, just don't fuck it up. It's easy. Just don't get in your own way and do stupid things. Just focus as you say, don't take excess risk and ride it. You'll be okay.
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker A: All right, my friend. Great to catch up, as ever.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And I'm sure we'll check in like six months. Time to figure out where we are in this whole thing again.
Speaker B: Absolutely.
Speaker A: So, as ever, another great conversation with Dan. This whole crypto thesis of mine and his is all part of my exponential age idea. And I think those of you who are subscribers to real vision, Promacro, or GMI, understand the journey that we're going down. And also the new product, the exponentialist, covers this as part of the broader technological adoption. But when it comes down to finance meets technology in an explosive opportunity, this is the big one. This is the big daddy. So take as much time as you can to learn about these things. At real vision. We have the real vision crypto academy, and you really should. I'll put the link below. You really should spend the $350, whatever it is, to educate yourself to not fuck this up. The opportunity is too big. We all make mistakes, so learn from great people. And that course is run by two ex finance people who are also at the heart of crypto investing and NFTs OVM Mando. That $350 is well worth, is well worth it in what it's going to do for you in your journey. And if you're further in your journey, then you can get some of my writings in real vision promacro, which I think will really help you. This journey is about knowledge. It's the accumulation of knowledge and applying that knowledge. That's what Dan does. That's what I do, and I urge you to do the same. Anyway, see you next time.
