Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30. 30, baby get 30, baby get 20. 2020, baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint.
Speaker C: Mobile.Com switch $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker A: Hey, everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall. To get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance, visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year, join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. And now into today's episode of Ralph Real Vision.
Speaker D: So I'm going to get a chance to sit down with Dan Tapiera. He's a very old friend of mine. He's one of the greatest macro thinkers in the space. He's completely all in, in digital assets. And him and I have some of the best conversations. The best thing about this, we haven't actually caught up in person for a while now. So everything you're going to get out of this is just me and Dan just shooting the breeze as if we're out for dinner. And I think you'll find it interesting. The world of crypto is an incredibly exciting journey that we're all going on together. We don't know where it's leading to, but we know it's going to be absolutely massive. Join me, Raoul pal, as I guide you on our adventure to discover just what this new world will look like. Dan Tapiero, good to see you, my friend.
Speaker B: Raul pal, good to see you. It has been way too long.
Speaker D: I know. It's crazy because this is actually an authentic catch up, because you and I haven't caught up for a while. We've been trying to get together. We've not managed it. I'm looking forward to this.
Speaker B: Yeah. And me too. Me too.
Speaker D: So, as ever, let's start with a macro.
Speaker B: Oh, the macro.
Speaker D: How do you see it?
Speaker B: Because I don't remember when we last spoke, but I've been on the same theme probably since the summer, which is that diabolical fed tightening. You can go back and look at some of the tweets. I was just shocked that they turned at the worst moment, they actually went very aggressive to tightening mode, essentially at the peak of the CPI, and they've stayed that way. Unfortunately. I don't think I've seen it in my career. You probably haven't either, that the Fed is using the two most lagging indicators that we have, CPI and the unemployment rate, to make policy. And even they know and talk about, oh, lags within lags with policy action. So it's a very strange thing that they have ignored all of the leading indicators that you and I have watched for 30 years that were very, very clear quite a while ago that we're going to have a significant decline in growth and inflation. So I mean, I might put the question back to you a little bit. If all of your travelings around the world and all the people you speak with, why do you think that the Fed has just blindly ignored everything that they always look at?
Speaker D: I was going to ask you the same question on this is politics, ok? So I think politically they need to say that they conquered inflation and that everything's going to be okay because people can't look forward. It's not their job. It's our job as macro people to do that. So I feel like it's part of that. And then I've got a bigger hypothesis that you're aware of that they kind of had to jack up rates to really get them down, because if there was any remnants of sticky inflation, which I don't believe anyway, but if there was any inflation expectations that didn't allow yields to fall, I think they're in real trouble because of the interest payments that need to be made. They've essentially, what my work uncovered is that almost all QE is just the monetization of interest payments, and that's okay. If GDP growth is at 2% and interest payments are at 2%, if interest payments are at four, you've got a big problem because the government's 100% of GDP in debt and the private sector is 100% in debt. So I kind of think this part politics because they just want to say that they've conquered inflation, although they're going to get the own goal of unemployment. So I don't really understand that. Maybe that's fiscal, but I think there's a bigger play, which is like if they don't get rates down to 2% by the end of the year, there's a bigger problem to have. What do you want?
Speaker B: But the question is really, I mean, if guys like us, if it was so clear and is that inflation will come down and has. And I think next week is going to be a surprise. Also, I tweeted that last night. Why did they lose faith? I mean, they really have lost faith in their ability to forecast, you say? Well, they needed to make sure that inflation was going to come down. But we are all 100% sure for the last six to nine months that inflation was coming down. They basically lost faith in their ability to assess the future data. And I didn't lose my ability. I didn't change, I didn't do anything different. I'm not the Fed. I don't have as much resources as they do. But this is frankly the easiest cycle to forecast, I think, in our career. It's extremely obvious, right as you said, that the interest payments are a problem. But I mean, it's saying the same thing. The banking system blew up because obviously you have amateur local banks out there not knowing how to manage and it's not really their fault. I mean, we had the worst year for bonds and 50 plus years and the 60 40 portfolio. I think you pointed out how the third worst year since 1867. So im not pointing, I dont think there was any negligence. Its just very hard to manage an interest rate portfolio when the Fed goes crazy the other way, Arnie, meaning that the speed of the rise in interest rates, and you pointed this out often was just too fast and not needed. Weve seen the distress, and the distress is the sign that its over. And I take this back a little bit, having even a bigger picture thought. I mean, I don't want to say should we lose confidence in the Fed? Has the Fed lost credibility? Everyone talks about that every cycle. But the reality is that somehow the way those eight people or twelve or whatever it is, sit around that table and make policy, and then there's one guy at the end who's the arbiter. Just seems like a, again, they're all basically academics. They're not market practitioners. It just seems flawed. And this is very, I remember Bernanke screwing up in August zero seven by focusing on inflation instead of the frozen credit markets that blew up the markets for six, seven weeks and then he reversed. But do people question that theres a flaw in the structure of decision making here?
Speaker D: The question is, are we looking at it wrong? This is what I'm trying to get through my head. Is it a political process now? Is there independence or is there a signal to the fact that Janet Yellen is at the treasury and they are doing together?
Speaker B: Raul, it's always been, you remember, you know, Reuben had influence on the fed back in, you know, in nine four, when Greenspan, you know, each of the powerful Geisner had influence, there's cross pollination. I don't think there's any doubt. Like, I know you mentioned that in the letter yesterday in the GMI note, but I don't really think there's much doubt that they kind of make policy together. I mean, you know, Powell, of course, is speaking to Yellen because she, she was in that role before. And, you know, so I'm not surprised by that. I'm just saying, you know, do people, especially the younger generation, the millennials, who've sort of gotten shafted a bunch of different times in their life, did they begin to question that this authority, this single point of failure, we'll call it this single entity controls policy for the US, but really the entire world, it just makes me think in stark contracts, we have this decentralized world building in the crypto blockchain, bitcoin space, however you want to call it. And that space has gone through tremendous upheaval in the last year, and it's doing just fine. Right. And there was no government intervention. There's no taxpayer money, there's no brushing things under the rug. There's no. Right. And so people start to say, wow, that's the digital asset ecosystem, as I call it, this decentralized, and a lot of it is decentralized world. And of course, at the crux of it, bitcoin is a decentralized network. Does that work better to play it.
Speaker D: Through the minds of these young people? Right. Yeah, we have the pandemic. That was a big shock to a lot of people. Right. And you come out the other side and suddenly we've got this massive inflation and everyone's taking a haircut of like 5% in real terms and everyone's feeling impoverished. Right. You've seen every business around the world, consumption has dropped. The next thing, the output of what Powell has just done is, oh, by the way, you got screwed from inflation and now you're going to lose your job. That narrative, I don't think people are thinking through it is going to make people really angry.
Speaker B: Well, that's all I understand. Why is it that putting people out of work is the way to manage the cycle? That doesn't make any sense to me. I mean, and it's. Of course, it's people in the middle and at the bottom. Exactly. The people that you really. That need the job.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker B: So putting them out of work is the way that we're going to manage the CPI headline number. I mean, it just doesn't make sense to me. And again, we both lived through a lot of cycles. We've seen how it works. But this specific case, it feels like they did make a mistake not raising early enough. They then went too aggressive at the exactly wrong moment. And now they're focusing on the most lagging indicator, which is people's livelihoods. Right. And when you add another third part.
Speaker D: Of this equation is, by the way, the money you thought was safe in the banking system is not safe.
Speaker B: Raoul well, thats another thing, and we.
Speaker D: Caused it because the yield curve was too negative for the banking system to cope with, and short end rates were too high. So that trifecta of things, I think youre right. Theres a zeitgeist moment happening here. It might be, it might happen.
Speaker B: It might be that its the next time around. I don't know. I think that millennial group is potentially going to get shafted again. And think about interest rates on mortgages as well. They're out there trying to buy a home, and the mortgage rate is ridiculous. And you see the data. Mortgage applications are lowest in 35 years. The housing data, I think, will still be all down this year. So it just, I think that added point that you mentioned as well about all of a sudden your deposits might not be safe again. That points again to digital asset ecosystem, bitcoin, ethereum, that whole world developing.
Speaker D: And the other thing is, there's something about the boomers that they have one fear, which is the seventies. I can't find anything that suggests we're in a structurally inflationary world. I just see a reverse and opposite effect of the pandemic, kind of like post World War two. But these guys are so obsessed of their ghosts, of their past. This is not the millennial's ghost. Their issue is all sorts of different issues. They've got a problem with technology coming into their workforce and competing with them at scale. They've got all sorts of other things. I just think it's been irresponsible, that 1970s dialogue, and I think you and I have swapped notes on it. It's like, this is not the fucking 1970s.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker D: With the population that's aging.
Speaker B: Yeah. No, I don't know why. I mean, it was a narrative that's gotten pushed for a long time. It connected to this idea that a 2% CPI is the holy grail. I dont really think so. Why cant the CPI be three? Does it really matter? We already have a lot of other inflation indicators that are pointing lower. But this concept of were going to stay tight until it gets down to that number. Also seems just very amateurish. Theyre not really interpreting and analyzing and making judgments about the data in the way that you might, if that were your job and you had a thousand economists at your beck and call. It just, it's very amateurish. And it still bothers me. And I've said this one of the other times that we've spoken, that there are no market practitioners, no portfolio managers. I know there's that shadow Fed committee that some of the guys, the successful guys are on portfolio managers, etcetera. But I don't, you know, I just don't know how they can make policy without having that deep experience in the markets. I mean, Powell is not a market guy, and this has gone on for a while. So it just feels to me like credibility loss, maybe that just straight out happens through bitcoin rallying. And there's just the, there's no, like, big blow up at the Fed. There's no, the old traditional world just keeps chugging along. But then all of a sudden, you know, bitcoin's worth 3400,000 and they're like, well, why did that happen?
Speaker C: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint mobile, unlimited premium wireless. Everybody get 30, 30, baby, get 30, get 20. 2020 to 15.
Speaker A: 1515, just $15 a month, so give it a try@mintmobile.com.
Speaker C: Switch $45 up front for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for a limited time unlimited. More than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: And that's my view, is this alternative financial system attracts more people over time because the old one keeps proving itself to be unreliable and actually disadvantages people. So I think that's the case. It's been, well, both of our core assumptions for a while that it doesn't have to be an instant migration like Balaji saying that migration will come.
Speaker B: Well, it has already. I mean, the middle of 19, when I launched my bond, it was $300 billion in value. That's that. I did what I call digital asset ecosystem, as defined by the value of all the cryptocurrencies and all of the equity of the businesses in the space was 300 billion. And today it's 1.7, down from 3.3 at the high a year ago. We tracked this very carefully, but I. $1.7 trillion is now the value that's in this new world, in this space. And I hear all of this and you and I go back and we're like, oh, more fud, more fud. It's like people are pointing to Elizabeth Warren. I don't know why. I mean, I don't know how she's relevant to anything. Barney Frank, probably the least relevant politician I can think of. I'm just. These choke point conversations, all of this stuff. But the reality is, this is $1.7 trillion in this space after a 70% to 80% decline in the price of its leading assets, bitcoin and ethereum. And here we are. We sat through Luna, we sat through the FTX fraud. I mean, all these problems, regulation in the US, blah, blah, blah, blah. $1.7 trillion. I mean, it's true. And that's the proof in the pudding. I don't think there's anything that can take us back down. I don't know that we're going to have a raging bull market tomorrow, but I think for sure the low is in the space. And it happened on the FTX fraud, on that fraud announcement, which to me was, for the space, the most surprising thing that will happen. He went from wonderkind to fraudster in the span of six weeks. Ethereum couldn't make a new low in price. Bitcoin made a new low pop back up. As we know, old market guys, that's a bullish divergence. The selling's dried up. Let's not get too complicated about things. It's overdeveloped. And now we have, like, in the last six weeks, real fundamental data to back up. Why that was the low. Right. So I think it's setting up very nicely. We're going to have an inflation surprise to the downside. I'm not sure I'm quite as bullish on inflation dropping as you are. I think you're thinking below to this year.
Speaker D: I think we possibly headline inflation goes negative this year. There's a chance to.
Speaker B: That's a giant call. That is a giant call. If that's.
Speaker D: If the ultrasound size. Alex Guruvich.
Speaker B: Oh, Alex. Yeah, well, he's good. I mean, it's. Look, it's not impossible, but I think even going down to 2% would sort of have the net effect the same. Would have the net the same effect. So, yeah, I think the markets are going to be surprised. And that's also going to be very bullish for Nasdaq and the banking system can continue to be impaired. I mean, how long? Credit Suisse was failing for eight years. I mean, their bankruptcy was, I mean, no surprise. You used to post those charts once a year. Well, it's like it's going to move down, right? Yeah, chart of debt. It was so, it was no surprise. And you know what? It could be that that's now the chart for the us bank.
Speaker D: In my head, I mean, this feels like the european banking crisis in 2012 without the sovereign side. Yeah, it feels exactly the same. We saw the same in the spanish banks and we saw a shrinkage. You saw that chart? I don't know, it was on Twitter of the number of us banks.
Speaker B: Yes, we saw that.
Speaker D: Yeah, I remember that chart about italian banks back in. Where was I? I think I was still at Goldman in the nineties thinking, oh my God, this is an outlier. They're all going to have to consolidate, consolidated by acquisition, and then they're consolidated by going into each other's hands because they're going bust. Yeah, same thing.
Speaker B: Right. It could be that that's how the transition happens. Like just slow degradation. They get stuck in this quagmire. If they couldn't make money when rates were high, then they go back down. And maybe investors just don't think of banks as money making enterprises anymore. And that was sort of what's going on here. I mean, if the, just think about it as an investor, if you make a judgment, and that is you put money into ten year notes and you lose 30% of the value, and then the Fed comes out and says FDIC, or whoever it is, and they say, well, you lost all that money, but if you need to have that collateral marked at par so that you can make loans, you can, there's a free option to monetize your losses and we'll give you that. It's like unlimited potential liquidity. So as an investor, you say, wow, is that a business or is that a quasi government institution? And do I want to invest in that? And so maybe the slow bleed of assets coming out of the us system, I dont think its going to Europe, I think its going to Asia. I mean, its going into this digital.
Speaker D: Asset, the technology or the digital asset ecosystem. Because thats the only thing. Because the other thing is you play that forward about, okay, you figured out the banks dont make money. And if the banks have lost money, the Fed just kind of papers over the cracks and injects the money. Well, the next part of this equation is that commercial real estate, which is like, we know that nobody's going back to the office. You're running a global asset management company and you're based in Portugal.
Speaker B: I haven't global yet, but. Okay.
Speaker D: Yeah, but you've got people around in different places, right?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker D: And there's commercial real estate. That story is like the european banks that's going to fester for a decade and the Fed are going to have to put it on the balance sheet in one way, shape or form.
Speaker B: Yeah. I don't know how that plays out. I mean, I think that's right. I don't think it goes to zero. People still like being together at. New York City is a great place, a great meeting place for people. Young people like living in cities. So I don't know how that.
Speaker D: But let's say you lose 20% of Oakland.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, I know. It's a huge number.
Speaker D: It's gigantic.
Speaker B: Yeah. I don't know how that plays out, but there's definitely quite a lot of overhang. And maybe that's sort of that slow. I don't want to call it deflation, but it's sort of the, it's connected to how much debt we now have sort of in the west. Right. The debt. This is one of the reasons why I, the main reason why I thought it was not the seventies. We didn't have any debt in the seventies. And the global economy, look at Japan, rates didn't go up as much there. But there's no way that our west can handle rates like that. And so there's an overhang of commercial real estate. There's an overhang of, I don't want to say bad banks because I just think non capitalist banks. And then I had this thought that this concept of store of value is shifting because many people invest in real estate as store of value. Right. And I think it's certainly trillions. I mean, 100. Is it 100 trillion? I forgot the total amount of dollars.
Speaker D: Or wealth, like 100 or 200 trillion. It's a huge number.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's a huge number. And this is something that you and I talked about maybe two, three years ago and posted on Twitter that the store of value component of, let's say, art or real estate was going to shift to this digital world. The finite supply of real estate. In theory, it's somewhat finite, hard to add a lot of supply in some areas, but you have this finite digital collateral now, and it's just an easier place in the case of bitcoin, maybe doesn't produce income. I mean, ethereum does, of course, produce nice income with its staking yield, but I just keep thinking that that's how money migrates from.
Speaker D: Really interesting thought. So let's say you're Nico, the producer, who's listening to this call. Nico, millennial can't afford to buy a house. What does Nico do? Buys nfts, buys crypto, because it's an asset, right? All assets are a future deferred consumption. So you buy a house now, so you or your kids or somebody else can spend that money in due course. If not, there's no point having it. It's a utility. So assets are just deferred consumption. So if you're 34 years old now and you want to accumulate assets, but you can't afford a house, so digital assets become an obvious place.
Speaker B: Well, it's very easy. You just get a wallet and you have your buy whatever one that you think is going to hold its value and put it on a ledger and finito. Um, it's easy. You don't have to go through all of the stuff that you have to go through to buy a home. But again, look, I think, look, homeownership's not going away. It's just that there's a component of real estate that people in, that there's a component of it that for investors, is a store of value holder. Right? Just like gold is a store of value. But some of the gold money has migrated into bitcoin eth. Look, whether people want to put it into punks or apes, whatever, that's up to them. I think that's a lot of. And the other chains right now, to me, are sort of more, still more venture. Only bitcoin and ethereum really have a cheap network effect, in my view, and really sort of count as that. I don't think you sell your commercial real estate property to go into, I don't know, dogecoin or something, but you.
Speaker D: Will get young people who can't afford, you can't fractionalize it. So if you want to put 10% of your savings in, you can't afford to do that in a house because it doesn't pay your mortgage payments. So what you end up doing is looking for something else. I think that's your point.
Speaker B: Yeah. And I think that that's how, and I mentioned this point before, I think that people always said, and you also always thought that there was going to be, what was it called? The debt Jubilee. And I remember once we were talking about this, I thought, you know, there's never going to be a debt Jubilee because the result is too cataclysmic and horrible. What's going to happen is all of those hundreds of trillions or whatever it is, hundred trillion of debt that exists in the west is just simply going to get devalued against bitcoin, ETH and the assets in the digital asset ecosystem. So if thats value today is 1.7 trillion, if the value of all that debt stays constant and all the value of all the assets in the old world, lets just say, stays at a certain place, lets say it goes up 100% over the next ten years, the value in the the digital asset exam will be up ten x. And so what will happen is that there won't be a debt Jubilee. It's just that people who all of their assets in the old world get devalued versus all of the people who are in the new world. And it's a very subtle shift. And all of a sudden people in the old worlds are like, well, I thought I could afford to that, you know, painting or that house or that car, and now I sort of can't. But I see that this younger guy who is in this project or in whatever he can, and I think you're starting to see that a little bit. That's true.
Speaker D: If you think about that narrative, the Carmen Lambo narrative or the Miami narrative, and these crypto guys, it's exactly that because their purchasing power is outperforming the trad fight.
Speaker B: Big time, big time, big time. And look, I think you're getting some trap by people moving in, but it's still slow. Based on our accounting, only 4% of the world right now have digital wallets. And that's sort of equivalent to 1998 in terms of the adoption of the Internet. That's when 4% of the world had access to the Internet. So it's still very, very early. I know it feels late because every year in crypto is like five years in Tradfi world. And I dont know how were surviving it. I mean, you and I olders were actually enjoying it. Yeah, it is fun and we know how to manage it, but it really is fast paced, fast growing. I do think the traditional world is slowly getting that, you know, there's real, this is real, that there's real math behind it. You know, the Satoshi white paper is not some fictional nonsense. It really is an important invention. And, you know, the initial concept that supports and backs bitcoin and the bitcoin network is, you know, like a fine. It's a, it's a great invention.
Speaker C: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real vision crypto daily briefing.
Speaker D: Whoa.
Speaker B: Landing an account this big will totally.
Speaker D: Change my landscaping business.
Speaker B: It's going to mean hiring more guys and more equipment and new trucks for.
Speaker D: The new guys to drive the new equipment in.
Speaker B: I don't know if I'm ready.
Speaker C: You can do this. And Ford Pro finsimple can help. Our experts are ready to make, make growing pains less painful for your business with flexible financing solutions that meet the needs of your business today when you need them, get started@fordpro.com. financing.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: Conversations with investors now you're onto your fourth funds. Now. Your conversation with investors, when you started, a lot of what you saw was family offices. They got it. They were more bigger risk takers. They understood the opportunity. Are you seeing that broaden out? How are you evolution up the investor base?
Speaker B: So this is interesting because I just got back from a month long trip. I've never done a month long trip. I was in Dubai and Abu Dhabi and then Riyadh and then Melbourne and Sydney, and then Abu dropped it by an Auckland, and then I up to Paris. So I really got a sense, I want to say something about that. But in the beginning, yes, it was more family and really just friends of mine and people in my world network. But now we did, at the tail end of the third fund a little bit in the segment, we did start to see more institutions. Texas teachers is an investor. We also have the Michigan employees pension fund, Merce, they're an investor. We have an endowment. We have some foundations. But right now it's really picking up. And you'd be surprised. It's for people who have no exposure, but who sort of, especially in the last six weeks, they're sort of seeing, oh, well, bitcoins up 70% on the year, is that what it is? Or 30% during this banking crisis. And you know what? That, like, kind of makes sense. And they didn't need a bailout in that world. And there are some bad actors, but there's a lot of value there and a lot of different things going on. There's Defi stuff going in the DeFi world. There's stablecoin business, there's nfts, a lot of different things. They're now ordinals on the bitcoin. Even so, the space itself is not just relying upon the price of bitcoin and ethereum. That's the big difference to me from 18 and 19 was that there's so many things going on underneath the hood. The number of developers that have entered the blockchain space is now at an all time high. So through 22 it kept increasing. Of course you have things like the bitcoin hash rate. It just hit an all time high. The number of players in the NFT space from 18 months ago is up exponentially. So there's the number of layer, the number of layer ones that have had that sort of the top five or six. The usage is at an all time high. So it's no longer just about the price of those two leading ones and some of the other cryptocurrencies. So I think that's also attracting institutional people who are understanding that this is a once in a generation type of technology. Yeah.
Speaker D: I think if we go back to whenever it was 2018 or 19, when we had our first conversation on real vision about this, the big difference between then and now was the applications layers being built big time.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker D: And they get that, they see that. And this is closer to the last people in will be when it becomes ubiquitous and everybody has it on their iPhone. But it's this application layer, the consumerization and the integration of blockchain technology that's big.
Speaker B: Yeah. And it's not through what we expected. I mean, you see all these main bright ends coming into incorporate blockchain into their business models. And of course, I know you saw this a few weeks ago. The California DMV is putting licenses and car deed title deeds on the Tzos blockchain. Now, I don't know why they've specifically chosen Tezos, but the point is you have a non economic, non capitalist entity basically at the cutting edge. I mean, this is, I think, a fantastic use case.
Speaker D: And so the argentinian airline with ticketing.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker D: Suit has now been talking about. And suddenly there it is.
Speaker B: Exactly. So I think you're getting adoption through ways that we hadn't anticipated, because once you have a digital wallet, it's just a short, quick step to understanding that bitcoin is collateral, ethereum is programmable money. You know that there are different things that you can hold in this digital wallet. Right. It doesn't, doesn't just have to be, you know, your license. Right. You know, your license that sits on a blockchain. So I would also say one more thing, because I want to just mention my trip because you asked me about has the interest been broadening? I mean, the Middle east is really on fire.
Speaker D: I'm hearing the same from everybody. Tell me about it.
Speaker B: Well, they get it and they're embracing it. They see that it's the future. Abu Dhabi, specifically, Dubai, too, encouraging businesses to set up there. There is in Dubai and also in Abu Dhabi, there is a regulatory framework. And I think people, of course, are looking to the SEC regulators around the world, but the SEC is going backwards and the US is moving backwards. And again, I've said this before, this is the first time in 50 years that the US has not been leading technological and financial innovation. We invented the mortgage backed security market in the eighties. There are things that we always were leading, and now we're at the end. I mean, we're in the caboose. Look, I also think other places, and you see this in Australia, they really understand currency. You could stop anybody on the street and ask them where the Aussie dollar is and they'll tell you, Americans don't think about currency and they think about the Nasdaq, but they don't think about the dollar. They don't really know where it is. So the concept of cryptocurrency is there's a hurdle there and adoption is just slowed, if there are hurdles, any hurdle. And so crypto and currency, it's just too strange for them. Right. But the Australians, they're all entrepreneurs. They live on a big island. They look out, they always look for investment opportunities, very wealthy population, generally speaking, and they really get it. I was there and I had a lunch at one of the larger banks, and theyve already tokenized an asset and put it on a blockchain. Theyre pretty advanced in that sense. I dont know that theres any trading volume on it yet. They have people well versed. That's not to say, look, JP Morgan has the largest number of blockchain patents in the world. So even though Jamie Dimon is saying whatever he's saying under the hood, they're doing stuff. But I feel like in Australia, the things are coming together, the tech innovation, the currency part, the money part, and it's the same thing in the Middle east.
Speaker D: Yeah, I get the same because I've hear a lot from, I mean, everybody, all of my friends are all in the Middle east all the time on this endless road trip because there's capital and they understand that the fossil fuel economy over time is going to shrink versus the renewables economy. So they're like, well, we need to have a stake in the future. And they've been very strongly behind this.
Speaker B: Yeah, one other interesting thing, because I topped the trip off with a few days, is it Paris blockchain week? And what you realize is that every region has its different focus on what they are extracting from this digital asset ecosystem. So you find a lot of the luxury brands in Paris are very interested in figuring out how to issue nfts to get closer with their community. How do you develop that relationship with a product better? That's somewhat of a focus in the US. But for instance, there aren't really any OG bitcoiners in France. There was no one in 2010, 1112, whereas in the US you go to bitcoin Miami and you have 25,000 bitcoiners guys who are also mining it from the beginning. If you go to ETh Denver, thats a little different focus. Out on the west coast is more about the tech Europe. France specifically is this luxury brand focus. The Middle East I think is sort of everything combined. But also remember, those currencies are pegged. The rial, the dirham, they're pegged to the dollar. So I think for them they also understand that they need to have a diversification of their assets outside of having 95% in the dollar and then 10% in the euro, they get the concept of currency diversification. And then in Asia, they also have a different focus. I feel like thats more in Korea, for instance, blockchain gaming, right. And theres a big gaming universe in Asia. There are gambling platforms that are legal there as well. And so whats interesting is its not one thing, this space now, its many different things and its many different things in different areas. And people said, oh, well, the US is just going to regulate it all the way. Well, 85% of total world crypto trading volume is done outside the US.
Speaker D: And my view on this is you and I saw, this is the US after they left the gold standard, tried to restrict their currency. So the FX market started in London and became huge. Then the US was like, well, we're not going to lend to you foreigners because we're still trying to protect our own economy. So the UK developed the euro dollar market, which became the largest market that and the FX market, the largest markets the world had ever seen. Then the US made a third strategic mistake, which was, we're not going to let our banks do OTC derivatives, so we're going to change the capital reserve ratios for banks. And the UK changed it and said, no, no, we're just going to arbitrage you. And they want that entire business. And only after Brexit and other stuff did capital go back. That is the financial center moved back from London, because if you remember, well, if you think, how many times have you traveled to London recently is very few. How many times did you travel in your career? Was all the time, because all the capital was there and all the people.
Speaker B: But I think what I've heard whispers is that the UK is making progress on the regulatory framework for blockchain crypto. And I think you call, and you may have mentioned this, but maybe I've read this somewhere, but I think that they could do that, what you're calling regulatory arbitrage. Again, I mean, just think about this for a second. We've invested in 26 businesses over the last two years. And I keep saying to people, I think, look, there is one large crypto business that's public. Only one. It's Coinbase. It is impossible to think that five years from now, there is only going to be one public crypto business. And so part of my focus is going to be figuring out how to get some of our businesses public, and it's not clear that it's going to be on the Nasdaq, which is kind of a shocker in a way. But look, if you took our 26 companies, I think any exchange in the world, they're not going to. But if they were public entities tomorrow, they would overnight become a hub for crypto blockchain. And.
Speaker D: Where are these companies based that you're investing in?
Speaker B: Our portfolio, 65% are outside the US. Because I diversified, I wanted one third in the US, one third in Asia, other one third in Europe. And so you'd be surprised. There are a lot of interesting, great businesses outside the US. It makes sense, given the focus outside the US. So I'm just saying you could have an exchange somewhere, whether it's Dubai or UK, that if they decided that, wow, some light bulb switched on, or you've got a 37 year old guy running the regulator. I met the economy minister in Dubai, he's 41. He gets this almost better than anybody I've met in terms of in the legislative area. But if you have someone turn a light bulb and say, hey, we've got a few years, the US is going to get it eventually, they're not getting it now. And it's just, as you said with the UK, maybe the market really develops there.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker B: It's certainly possible. That would be a, you know, it's not, unfortunately for, it's not as liquid as it would be on Nasdaq, et cetera. But it just doesn't seem like the US is coming around.
Speaker D: They're only less liquid now. The FTSE used to be liquid. They've just got boring old companies that are exactly quality companies, a few dead banks and stuff like that. So I look at it and the UK has got a problem. It's got no growth industry, a bit of fintech, that's it. It's lost the capital markets to the US. And here's a $1.7 trillion business and it's just a regulatory arbitrage business of which they understand and they want to regulate it. And we know that if Coinbase tomorrow, if the UK said yes, we're in it fully, Coinbase would relocate like Goldman did and every single investment bank did, then major, all of their talent pool ended up being in the UK. It's easy.
Speaker B: It could be. I mean, it really could be. It's an open field right now. And I was going to say, part of the issue in the US is that the leadership is all, you know, it's, they're all 80 year olds, literally 80 years old. And I think what the US needs really is just younger leadership. And it doesn't even really matter which side they're on. A 40 year old sort of gets the future. And, you know, you look at some of the Middle east leaders, they're in their late thirties, forties, and they had to be. MBS is 28, he's 38.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: And they have 20 year plans, they have 30 year plans and or at least visions, you know, Biden doesn't have a 20 year vision and I don't think any of them do. So I think, look, don't care, it'll.
Speaker D: Be better then you can have a 20 year plan if you're all going to be dead.
Speaker B: No, I was.
Speaker D: Yeah, I know, but I just want to spell that out for people.
Speaker B: That was the point, right? Like, it's, it's bad now, it's bad. I, and maybe this leads into the next point. If you can't even figure this world out, what are you going to do with chat? GPT you've been talking about this a little bit. I appointed just on Saturday, one of my guys on my team is head of chat, GPT within the firm to figure out how do we incorporate it into our processes and also how do we incorporated into our investment decision making, not just the process, but looking for companies that are integrating blockchain with chat. And I think that's something really interesting, or AI, because I think the blockchain does have a purpose there. We're still trying to figure it out, but there are going to be companies.
Speaker D: Popping up so my two ideas for that, obviously digital id that we've all talked about, and that's a no brainer, but the other one is emad. I think you might have met him at global macro investor roundtables. He was a GMI guy who built stability AI. He was a macro guy. Emad Mostak, you must watch the two videos I did with him, if you've not seen them. He kept mind blowing. He's a macro guy. I will building the largest open source AI in the world. And I spoke to him, I said, well, why the hell don't you tokenize the use of the data? Because that allows everybody to participate in it as opposed to having to buy the equity. Everything else, we can all participate in the ecosystem because it's going to replace humanity in various ways. You need to offset, because it can't just be Ubi. But the Yatsui idea of universal basic equity, it let people participate in this change and don't just keep it to bloody Google or Microsoft.
Speaker B: Yeah, well that's a very interesting idea. What did he say? I guess I have to, I think.
Speaker D: He first wants to IPO anyway, but I think he's knows blockchain. I mean, you know, he's all over the space. So I'll just keep working on him because I think it's, I think it's exactly the right use of a universal data set of such power is tokenize it. So then if you are building an application on top and you're drawing a lot of the data, you pay for it with a token. And if you're putting data in, you can receive tokens and that creates an economy. Huge economy.
Speaker B: Yeah. No, I mean that's an innovative thought. I like that. Yeah. I don't think there's so much to fear here. I understand. I mean, Italy banning it just seems like the most backwards guy banning it. Isn't that a buy signal? I mean, my goodness, right? It's like the worst trader in the world selling his thing at the low. It's a buy signal. So yeah, I think it augments our functioning. Right? Yeah.
Speaker D: And maybe it's too far into the future to worry about the other side. I just think it's a renaissance for humanity, really, if we leverage it. So let me focus in a little bit on your portfolio right now. And what kind of investment opportunities you're seeing. Are you seeing mainly secondary?
Speaker B: So yeah, there's just so much opportunity right now. I don't think I've ever seen so much in Q four. So I'm probably one of the few private equity guys that actually likes the cycle. I mean most guys, as you know, they have a five year investment period because they want to invest through the cycle. I have a view on the cycle. I thought Q four was the low. We invested over 100 million into seven different businesses. October, November, December 4 of the businesses were through the secondary that we bought at 50% to 80% discounts from previous rounds. And so whos selling funds that want to get out of crypto for whatever reason a partner moves on and they have a portfolio they want to reduce. You have founders or co founders who need money. They want to buy a house or whatever it is. You have seed investors who say, well I missed the $7 billion valuation but ill sell it too. And some of the discounts are pretty dramatic and we're very active in the secondary. Of the 1.2 billion we've deployed, 600 million of it isn't secondary half. I think that's the largest amount by multiples and multiples of anybody else. So we had tremendous reverse inquiry. Anybody who wants to sell stock in a business that's on our radar above 510 million were the buyer and its uncompetitive. At the moment we are basically just saying this is our price. We want to pay x multiple of revenue and were tenure life fund so we can buy now and take advantage of it. And thats the reason for raising money now for another fund. The first close is going to be at the end of June is because these discounts are dramatic. I mean I can just. You have companies like Opensea where there's stock in the market now you can just call any broker at 90% discount and you've got some of these other bigger companies, even alchemy. A lot of these companies that raised at 50 to 100 times revenue in 21 and 22, you can buy their stock in the secondary at very attractive valuations. We also led two, three rounds in fact of companies and I wouldn't say that, I mean we set the pricing, I wouldn't say it was super cheap, it wasn't. One of them was reasonably. I think there are more reasonable prices. These are businesses. Well one of them quick node got sump press. We invested 40 million in quick node 720 million pre money valuation. I think that's an API node infrastructure business that competes with alchemy. Alchemy raised at 100 times revenue and so we paid a fraction of that. I think 100 is crazy. I think even what we paid was a little rich but very happy to own that business. And that's one of the few businesses in the space that actually made more money in 22 than in 21. So in the portfolio, we've got five or six companies that made more money, if you can think about this, in 22, the 21, even though the space had that massive correction. And so this sort of speaks to my general thesis, which is that the fund and what we do, we're not going to be the number one performer in the space, but we're not going to have the volatility. And our target is still to make a five or ten x on the portfolio over ten years. Thats going to underperform probably some of these other funds, but many of those, especially venture funds, are down 90% or were down 90% in 22. So the one thing I would say thats still surprising to me is that as far as I know, were still the only growth equity fund that exclusively focuses on crypto and blockchain businesses in the world. I don't know why the other guys haven't come. I mean, it sounds. I don't know, it doesn't make any sense to me. You had some of the traditional guys come in like Tiger and Tomer Bravo, but they've sort of moved out and I don't know, I think I'm counting my days till Blackstone decides they're interested and then it's over for us. I have no errors about that. I think if some of the big guys really decide that they need exposure in this space, the growth has been crazy. When we started this, in the middle of 19, there were only 14 businesses in the world that had a valuation of over a billion dollars in the space. Now there were over 100. At the peak there were over 150. So I think that theres going to be not only just more money coming into it, but by the end of 24, I think 25, you're going to see these companies, many of the better ones, as public entities. The founders want to become public. These guys, they're not quite ready. In some cases, they need to be a little more corporate. They need to figure things out on governance. They need to build a board. Remember FTX? I mean, FTX had one board member and that was his father, right? Like if that wasn't a red flag. Thankfully, we passed on that three times. But you have companies that are making a fortune but still aren't quite ready for the public realm. But I think by the end of 24, 25, there are going to be quite a few and I think we're going to be very involved in that whole process. So look, lots of opportunity, not just in the secondary, but we're not really competing against other people in these races. So.
Speaker D: Yeah, it's not like you're over bad, hating, there's nobody else showing up. It's not like, oh, we've got no competition because we're Softbank and we overpay.
Speaker B: I know, I know. So look, I don't, look, this is one of those inexplainable things, I guess. I mean, I can explain it. Look, you know, traditional private equity isn't terribly comfortable with macro, they're not comfortable with currency. Right. A lot of them don't even do tech. So this is sort of like the really big money. I mean, Blackstone is still buying more real estate, right? Look, they have a trillion dollar business, they can do whatever they like. But even the tech oriented guys like Toma Bravo said recently, a few months ago that they're not finding companies of the quality that they need or expect. And I don't know, we think that they're there. Maybe we're a little further out the risk spectrum than they are, but we also think it's an opportunity to help them get there. This is the only thing that you do all day, every day. And again, we don't invest in the underlying cryptocurrency. A lot of our institutional investors are legally not allowed to. And so what we have is a much lower volatility. Our portfolios, for the most part, hardly mark down, mark down a little bit, but not that much. And we're able to withstand the kind of volatility that's in the space. Look, as you know, that's always been my main concern. How do you get stuck in and hold the position for ten years in a space that every three years has a 70% to 85% correction? You're going to get blown out. We know this from our old portfolio management days. In the traditional world, you could get blown out. Or your boss doesn't like it when you have a down year. Right. Or your investor, because there's only family.
Speaker D: Offices or individuals like us who can stomach the cycle. We kind of know the cycle's there. You add more when it sells off. That's it. But yeah, I mean, the amount of hedge funds who were in the space and now left the space, because suddenly it doesn't go up in a straight line.
Speaker B: Yeah, it doesn't go up in a straight line. And if you can take a 510 year view, you're going to make money. This is inevitable, inexorable move up in the value. And we think I mean, I think we've built a fund structure and a way to tap into that value accretion without the panic and fear and all that other stuff that accompanies holding the rocket fuel, because this is really the hardest market I've ever seen to trade. You know, I'm a professional at this and you have a lot of non professionals. I don't know how they hold on. I mean, I'm glad they do. It's fantastic. They're true believers. That's great. But let's be clear. It's very hard. And so I call our strategy a sleep well at night strategy. And if you're a little older and you want to put $50 million to work, it's just very hard. It's not straightforward. We actually have quite a few investors of that size putting big chunks of money to work in these businesses. And sometimes we get a little lucky and we have businesses that even make more money during bear phases, which means that during a bull phase, they could go up five x, six x in revenue. Im thinking that we end the year higher. I dont know what your forecast is for bitcoin and eth for this year, but I think post the halving in the second half of 24 into 25, we're certainly looking over 100,000.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think this cycle is not 2019. So I don't think we get the long pullback correction. I think we'll get a running correction sideways, much like 20, 1316, those kind of ones. So that leads me into the final question is, clearly, you were like Fox with this 20th Century fox who had the name ten t. You're like, this space is going to be bigger than 10 trillion pretty soon.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: It's going to look out of date.
Speaker B: Yeah, right. Yeah, I think so. But you know what? When it was 300 billion, right, the name of the first three funds we called, I called it ten t because 10 trillion, I thought we'd make a 30 x in ten years. But I'll tell you something, I was already realizing that the name wasn't going to be actually the right name. It was last year. I was on a panel with Dan Moorhead and Mark Gusko, and the final question of the panel was, what do we think the value in this ecosystem is going to be that digitalized the whole thing? And Dan all of a sudden throws out 50 trillion. And I'm like, I'm thinking to myself, I was going to say ten because that was my view. And then Mark is next and Mark's like, well, I think it'd probably be more like 30. And so all of a sudden here I am on this panel as the most bearish guy. And I said, well, realistically, okay, I mean, ten was, I think, a realistic view. It's probably 20. I said 20. But you know, the reality is this, you know, Daniel is, you know, I think she's probably right. And I just, the timing on it is not, you know, you don't know. That's the hardest thing about macro, I always tell people. It's just sometimes macro takes longer to play out than you expect and you really have to be stuck in, you know, you really have to. And that's part of the reason for our strategy, is that I just want to be there ten years from now with the portfolio I have. I know we're going to make multiples on our money and I think we're going to be able to do it without, you know, having to panic every three years because something happens or the space, you know, collapses or whatever. But we're in a good position now. And I think it's empty. And I've never, I mean, think back. And you were, you were earlier than me. I remember that roundtable that we did in Cayman in 2013. I think it was where bitcoin was your number one choice. I mean, if we go back to 13, and I think you were bullish even before 13, do you think now is sort of the best time that you can recall? I mean, understanding price is lower, but yeah.
Speaker D: Yes, I think it's the best just risk adjusted reward ever. And I said that last cycle, but I think the risk side of the equation has shrunk.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: Woodside is still unknown, but ridiculous. When I first did that first ever macro strategy piece, I said, look, I think bitcoins worth a million bucks by when? I dont know. Feels like probably by when I dont know. And so therefore, here we are at 30,000 today. Well, find me another trade on earth thats as good as that. And bitcoin will underperform some of the others in this.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think eth, you pointed out the chart. I also looked at it. We go from 30 year view to or ten year, 20 year view to the daily because we can do that. But that chart looks like it's about to explode. I mean, ethereum looks to me like it's about to go up 500 points, like imminently.
Speaker D: I understand. Then if you look at the bitcoin, the ETH bitcoin crossed. Yeah, the monthly version of that. It's just a huge wedge. I'm like, okay, this.
Speaker B: Yeah, but they're both going up. They're different uses. And, you know, I think that the difference now, and this is the last thing I'd say from every other side goal, is that there are so many things going on in this universe. It's not just, you know, 17 was just this pump and dump with the stupid icos and people ripping people off. Like, it is terrible. In a way, this is not what it's about anymore. It's a large space with a large amount of value and many, many use cases, and it's incumbent upon the traditional people to do the work. Right.
Speaker D: And look, if we go back to when we first had our chat on camera, like, obviously you and I have talked about bitcoin and crypto somewhere, and so we look at that. Since then, real vision has integrated nfts, digital wallets, digital ids, all sorts of stuff. Then I built an entire asset management business, which is a fund of funds just investing in that space. And then I built another business which tokenizes the world's largest cultural communities, all the big brands. That's how fast this has changed. You've pivoted your entire life. I've pivoted my entire life. Alan Howard's pivoted his entire life. I mean, it's unbelievable how much is being built here, and we're all building different parts of this ecosystem out, and we've all got friends who are building other parts of the ecosystem out. It's ridiculous, right?
Speaker B: And it's still incredible. Don't forget, only 4% of the world have digital wallets. And so, you know, you think, when is this going to end? But maybe in a way, it hasn't even started yet. I mean, I hate to say when.
Speaker D: Did it just not going?
Speaker B: What's that? Yeah.
Speaker D: Internet never ended. It just became AI in the end.
Speaker B: Yeah, I know. It's incredible. We're living in great times now, and, I don't know, there's so much negativity. I posted last night, Twitter, the most, like, negative for the longest period of time that everyone's ever been. That's why I say, is this the best time that you've ever seen? Because I can't remember when people were so diabolically negative and yet the opportunity was so clear, in a way.
Speaker D: I wrote that in a GMI that you just got yesterday. Yes. I think this is the best macro setup of all time that I've ever lived through.
Speaker B: It's incredible. All right, well, hopefully we get some of your listeners inspired to dig deep and. And do the work. The ones who haven't.
Speaker D: Exactly. Right. Really, my friend, as ever, good catch up. We'll try and catch up in person somewhere in the world.
Speaker B: Absolutely.
Speaker D: You've missed the GMI roundtable. It's in Mallorca. This year would have been.
Speaker B: Whoa.
Speaker D: Oh.
Speaker B: Next year.
Speaker D: All right, my friend. Good to see you. It's really interesting, having not spoken to Dan for a while, to see his line of thinking is very much in line with mine, where we are in the macro, what this means for this adoption of the bitcoin life raft or the digital asset life raft. He completely concurs with my view that it happens over time. We get these accelerated moments in the booms and then they pull back. But each time there's more people in Noah's ark or the life raft. And I think that's really interesting. Really. Also, Dan is like on his fourth fund. I mean, an incredible business he's building there. Really interesting to see his unwavering belief in where this space is going, seeing through the volatility, seeing through the macro and saying, let's just keep going there. It's a matter of time. It's all about time arising in this space and how to structure your life that you can accept the volatility. So again, as ever, amazing conversation with Dan. I hope you got a lot out of it.
Speaker A: What's up, revolutionaries? Thanks for tuning in to the real Vision daily briefing. For more content like this, head over to realvision.com and get unfiltered access to the very best, brightest and biggest names in finance.
