Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling wherever you sell. With Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps, and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your dollar one per month trial period@shopify.com.
Speaker B: Tech all lowercase.
Speaker A: That's Shopify.com tech.
Speaker B: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance. Join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten to get 10% off our central membership for the first year. And now to today's episode. My last conversation with Punk 6529 was one of the most profound interviews I've ever done and one of the favorites for everybody. It really helped people understand the NFT space, the digital asset space, decentralization, and what this all means and why it's important. Now. That was a while ago, and this guy's moving at the speed of light with a small team, and he's done all sorts of new things around the metaverse, education and driving memes forward. And I really want to dig in to find out not just what he's doing, but, more interestingly, why he's doing it. The world of crypto is an incredibly exciting journey that we're all going on together. We don't know where it's leading to, but we know it's going to be absolutely massive. Join me, Raoul pal, as I guide you on our adventure to discover just what this new world will look like. So, my friend, welcome back to real vision.
Speaker A: Thank you. Thank you for having me back. It's been a while.
Speaker B: It has been a while, but you've been up to quite a lot, I would say.
Speaker A: We keep busy.
Speaker B: I can't keep up with you, so I want to go through a lot of what you're up to because it's always super interesting and then pick your brains on where we are, where we're going, that kind of stuff. So I think the first thing, it was almost immediately after our interview, you launched om the open Metaverse, which has been, I think, a great success so far. People have loved using it. We've certainly used it for real vision in various ways, and the on cyber team have been great as well. Love to hear where you are with that and where that's going.
Speaker A: It's been going well as we said when we launch, we consider this an alpha, a beta, something, a test phase to learn things. Let me take a step back to what the ultimate goal is and I think we'll get there in 2023 and then see how we're progressing towards that goal. The ultimate goal comes back to this concept of the web. One web, two web, three frameworks. Web one came out academia or in some cases the Department of Defense, and it was all open public interoperable protocols. The web is an open place because of this. So SMTP, TCP, IP, HTML, we take it for granted, but we shouldn't, that there's nothing stopping you from setting up a website on your own web server and connecting it to every computer in the world. The web from that perspective is permissionless. There's no CEO of the Internet that says, oh, Raul wants to put a website on that. Let's check him out. Let's see if he's the type of serious person who should be allowed to have a website. Email works the same way. Often when I say this, people say, oh, well, there are large centralized email providers. Yes, sure that's true, but they're all running on the same public interoperable protocol called SMTP. And because of that, it's not just that there's alternatives to the big ones. The big ones behave better because there are alternatives to the big ones. So I use Gmail and I use outlook. I think before that I've used hotmail and Yahoo and all of these email services. Like I think everyone. What are things that you don't see in email but that you do see in the app store? Gmail has never said, I'm going to take 30% of all the revenue that you transact through your email roles. Oh, you just did a business deal. You did it through our platform called email. And you can't operate commercially on our platform without giving us a cut because of course if they did that, you'd move to outlook. If Microsoft and Google got together and said, no, we're going to do this, you'll move to any other email provider. If they all get together to do that, you'll just turn on an email server in your office and send email from there. And this is the advantage of the protocol and the applications are different, right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: The advantages are you have more innovation, you have less rent seeking. And for people that's kind of an economics term and we sometimes use it and assume people understand. I remember when I was a kid I thought this meant like something about rental housing or something. What it means is that rent seeking means when someone has a way to extract value out of an ecosystem. Let's say most successful businesses have some degree of this. It's all a matter of degree. And in cases where you have oligopolies or monopolies or pseudo monopolies, this ends up being very high. It's hard to have a real monopoly on email, because if your rent seeking ever got too high, if it cost $5,000 a year to use Gmail, there would instantly be a whole series of competitors to Gmail. Now, in web two, let's take, say, 2000 to present, or 2000 a couple of years ago, this all went wrong because some things went right. And the thing that went right was the Silicon Valley consumer Internet ecosystem. What went right is we had some very big and successful, interesting companies being built, and that's a good thing. But what went wrong is because these companies were being built, and they were being built by companies funded by venture capital firms. And there's nothing wrong with any of this. They say, ok, how should we monetize this and how should we take advantage of the network effects that happen in Internet based services? And so for me, a very basic example is always Twitter. And everyone in the crypto world uses Twitter. It's crypto, Twitter. It's easy to see. Twitter, in my mental model is the short messaging protocol for the english language world. If you want to, we'll see. Now, Elon wants to have long messages in there, too. We'll see what happens. But today, if you want to send a short message and lots of people see it, and you're not in China or Russia, you're in the english language Internet, this is basically the place you have to go. Twitter, in the early days, wasn't sure if it should be a protocol or it should be a service. I used Twitter because Jack actually had genuine concerns that it should have been a protocol, as did Fred Wilson back then. Both of them had since said that if they had understood some things differently, this was still very early in bitcoins evolution. Fred has said if he had understood bitcoin better, they would have seen the pathway to separate the protocol from the application. But without seeing how decentralized networks can monetize, which was all with bitcoin, its a scary decision to say, well, let's just give the protocol away for free and hope we make money some other way. It became a service and it became a successful service. And if you want to send a short message, you have to use Twitter. And if you have to use Twitter, the part that bothers me more than the rent seeking or the taxation, these are quite important. You get caught up in the internal politics of Twitter. And I think now, in January 2023, we're in the great position for both the left and the right to appreciate why this is a bad thing, right? Because the right used to complain about the old Mandev and the left thought this is all really well and nice, and now the left complains about the new management. I'm saying, for the purpose of this discussion, it is completely irrelevant. If you like the old management or the new management. I don't even particularly have an opinion on this. My opinion is I shouldn't have to care who the CEO of Twitter is if I want to send the short message on the Internet. The internal politics of Twitter are of zero interest to me. I have sent hundreds of thousands of emails in my life, and at no point did I think to myself, I know who the product manager is for Gmail. I don't know. I don't care. I don't want to know. I have things to do with my life. This whole, at a societal level, this endless drama about Twitter is all a loss. Every second someone wants to go do their own business on the Internet, they want to tweet about sports, or they want to tweet about politics, or they want to tweet about nfts, and they have to think about the endlessly changing drama of who's allowed to tweet. When they're allowed to tweet what they're allowed to tweet, what gets you suspended? Do you have to pay? Do you not have to pay? Can you change your profile picture? Can you mention Mastodon? Can you not mention Mastodon? All of this is a societal loss, and it's a societal loss that, in a way, is making our country worse. The fact that we've having these huge identity based battles over some form of speech, it's private speech, some form of speech is bad. We don't have these battles about email. Right. There has never been a deep divide among Democrats and Republicans on if Raul should have an email account, right.
Speaker B: Or what I write in it, right.
Speaker A: Or what you write in it. Right. I mean, even the Democrats have not said Donald Trump should be banned from email. Right? Even the Republicans haven't said, I don't know, whoever they don't want the squad should be banned from emailing. Nobody said this because it's obviously blatantly ridiculous. And it's equally ridiculous that we're having these discussions about short messaging now, the classic free market answer is here. Well, go make your own Twitter. Go make truth social, what have you. But what this, I think, misses, is what Marc Andreessen said about Internet companies, which is the Glenn Gary Glenn Ross theory about Internet companies. First place gets a Cadillac. Second place a second, steak knives. Third place is you're fired.
Speaker B: That's so true.
Speaker A: Unfortunately or fortunately, Internet companies, Internet. Well, Internet network based companies and protocols are the ultimate network based company, tend to have runaway effects because everyone wants to sell on the marketplace where there's buyers and wants to buy on the marketplace of their sellers, which is why eBay became eBay and why YouTube became YouTube and why Facebook became Facebook and Twitter became Twitter. And we don't have to take the complete opposite example, right? I don't know, italian restaurants. There's no italian restaurant that has 90% market share in the country or whatever Twitter has, right? So in italian restaurants, you can say, look, if you don't like this italian restaurant, make your own. Sure. But on protocol type objects, it doesn't. Businesses, it doesn't work that way because someone tends to run away with the market. And the idea of, like, go make your own usually means yelling into the void. Right?
Speaker B: Yeah. Without network effects, you've got nothing.
Speaker A: And then some people say, which I also disagree with, well, we should regulate Twitter because it's a public swear. And that's even worse, because then what you can say on Twitter leaves the world of who's the CEO of Twitter and goes to the world of, like, who's been elected to Congress. Right. That's highly unlikely to lead to a more rational set of decisions. Right? And this principle that the government is now going to then compel Twitter to host speech it doesn't like is a very dangerous precedent. Where does it stop? Right? Like, does anyone above a certain. Any website that becomes too successful effectively becomes nationalized in its management. And so if we did not have crypto assets, if we did not previously know about Internet protocols, we would say we have a series of bad choices when we have to choose the least bad, the market choice or the, I don't know, common carrier choice, we're going to treat them as utilities. We're going to call Facebook a Twitter a utility. Fortunately, we don't have to do this. Fortunately, we've solved this. And because we've solved it. But these network effects are established. In the case of Twitter, let's say it's hard to undo, ravel them in existing modalities of communication. It's hard to unravel them in existing forms of online organization, but they're still not set in future ones. Right, and future ones. For the purpose of this discussion, let's call it metaverse. And I put, you can't see me, but I have very strong air quotes on the word metaverse. And to me, I think almost everyone is wrong in what they imagine the metaverse is. I'll go through a bunch of statements that are wrong. It's about virtual reality. No, I don't think so. It's about augmented reality. I mean, a little closer, but not exclusively. It's about 3d spaces. Maybe, I don't know, maybe my definition is simpler. The metaverse will be the Internet, but with better visualization and persistent digital objects. And so better visualization means you don't have to take the decision today on is it ar, is it VR? Is it 3d in the browser? It will be all of these things, right? I've been using the Internet for a long time, and it used to be very exciting when you could watch a, I don't know, 120 by 120 grainy movie on it. And now you can watch like 4k Netflix movies. If we were doing this same thing we're doing today, 20 years ago at the conference call, right, like here, we have free global video conferencing. I can see you on my screen, but in ten years, I'll probably see you at my desk, or we'll see you in om, or we'll see you somewhere. All we know for sure is visualization is going to get better. I think the practical edge of better today is 3d in the browser. I think in some arbitrary future, I don't know how many years, we will have sufficient miniaturization of sufficient computation that we'll have on our glasses, and maybe even some big contact lenses, and will be an augmented mixed reality all day long. And even the idea of a screen is going to go away, right? I don't think it matters when these things happen, right? And nothing that I'm promoting as a concept is dependent on the specific visualization path. And I've had this discussion with some people, and they're like, oh, I mean, I hear you on this metaverse stuff, but I like living in the real world. I don't want to live in VR.
Speaker B: They don't understand that their phone, the screen that they use, everything is all the same. Digitalization of our lives.
Speaker A: That's the first thing I ask. How many hours a day do, how many waking hours a day are you looking at a screen? And for most people, it's the majority. If you're a white collar professional, if you're not out, like working in the fields, right, or on a construction site, if you're a desk job type of person, like we are, the large majority of my waking hours, I'm looking at my phone or looking at my computer screen. Well, when I'm looking at that screen, where am I? Am I in the physical world or am I in the digital world? Right? My view is I'm in the digital world. I'm already there. And what we're saying is that digital world will become nicer, better. It's more human that I can see you now than if we're just doing a conference call, right? It'll be even better when I can see you full size and nothing the size of a fraction of my screen. It will be even better someday when we have contact lenses and there will be no screens anywhere. We'll just be living our lives in the physical world. And when we want a certain object. Show me that spreadsheet. Show me this Fidenza. It will just show up in our physical world. Because still, if you want to do serious work, I think it's hard to do serious work on a phone. You probably need a laptop at least.
Speaker B: Yeah. And just maybe we're just too old for it.
Speaker A: Maybe. Maybe I still need, if I'm going to start, I don't know, making an excel or something.
Speaker B: I need a computer.
Speaker A: I need a computer. Maybe there's like 18 year olds that can make tables in excel efficiently on their phone, I find. But it just slows me down a lot. Right? So even just the idea of, like, you're hunched over on a desk, typing on a laptop, this, the current situation is the one that's taking you out of the physical world. A world where you can infuse your field of vision with digital objects is a world where I think it's gonna be much better. You'll come back to the physical world, into society and to the people around you, and it won't be, I'm walking down the beach with my friends, and also I'm checking my tweets, and I'm looking at my phone, and I'm not looking at the sea, and people are like, oh, look, there he is again, stuck on his phone. Here he goes again. Right? That's the visualization part. Now, with that visualization, visualization gets better. The utility, the value of digital objects goes up, and digital objects could be anything.
Speaker B: Yeah. This is where people get hung up. They immediately assume it's your bored ape or your punk or something else. And that's just the early manifestation. It's every digital object, right?
Speaker A: It'll start with, I mean, just off the top of my head, what we call pfps, right? But I think in time, these will become avatars, right? In time, I think they'll be three dimensional, not two dimensional. The most easy for people to understand, I have found, because it's working now, and it's a zero mental model leap is digital art. I have a piece of art on my physical wall. I have a piece of art on my computer screen, and that can go into various digital spaces. And when we get to the point that this discussion is a mutual augmented reality discussion, I can make my digital art appear in your field of vision. That's pretty cool. You can swipe it away if you don't like, that's fine. That's going to be pretty cool. I can't do that with my physical art. Also, I'm going to say, come into my office. But just like I now have a virtual museum for my digital art and the beginnings of a virtual classroom for the course we're doing with the University of Nicosia, there's also will be a virtual office, a virtual team space, a virtual conference room, a virtual presence for most businesses. You know, the University of New Cassia is thinking, like, what can I. What does a metaverse campus look like? Right?
Speaker B: Yeah. Without question. That's coming, right?
Speaker A: It's coming, and then, okay, got it. This is what the world will look like. It's great. The question that I care about, the only thing I care about, the only thing that's driving any of this stuff, is what is the architecture of that world? Because nobody in a position of power is actually thinking intelligently. They're all at least a generation behind, and what issues they worried about. And the time that the architecture will be developed is right now. The time that the network effects on the architecture have to be established is when it's way too early. And this is the advantage of having gone through multiple tech cycles. When people were having, when Fred Wilson was musing, should Twitter be a protocol or a service? I believe the average intelligent, non tech, non vc person would say, who cares? This is some stupid service. People are tweeting about what they did in their day. Oh, so and so went out for Raul, went out to lunch in San Francisco and bought a ham sandwich. Why would anyone want to read that? I was like, dumb. This is like, I'm going to go back and read my Wall street journal. I was interested in this stuff. But it turns out it was less than a decade from there to. Every world leader fights to maintain their access to Twitter because that's their most important channel to communicate to the world. The reason there's a big fight about Trump's Twitter account is that there was a big advantage from having it and a big disadvantage from not having it, which is why it became a big political fight. If it was irrelevant, no one would care. The same thing's happening now with visual objects now. It's like, oh, who cares about these overpriced cartoon monkeys? The tech bros have lost their mind again. Or the crypto bros are money laundering again. I don't know. How could that monkey be worth $100,000? They're money laundering. They're wash trading. That's the outside view. And the inside view is no digital objects. Digital culture will be real, and it's very early, and so it's very volatile. And so the social construction of what culture turns out to be important in the future. Very volatile. It's like startups, and because these are cultural objects that at some level trade twenty four seven. And they trade not on cash flows, right. They're not that type of, they're not like a financial instrument, they're like pure culture. They trade on sentiment, I guess, right. Social construction, they're super volatile. They go up a lot, they go down a lot, and people say like, oh, well, this is crazy. Well, yeah, I mean, I don't know.
Speaker B: It'S a manifestation of human behavior. And we are crazy. We're quite emotional monkeys.
Speaker A: It's weird that I see people look at these NFts and be like, and I'm talking about non crypto people. Well, this is not, doesn't trade like a utility stock. How would you expect it to trade? Like a utility stock, right? Utility stock has like cash flows and the specific claims on cash flows and a capital structure, and you can run it. Everyone agrees how to value those cash flows, even discount rates. There are social convention discount rates. This is how you should correct me if I'm wrong, but I think I'm right. I believe 3000 years ago people did not have the constant discount rates, because if they did, probably 300 years ago as well. If they did, there would be no mega projects, there'd be no pyramids, thered be no great cathedrals. One of the reasons we dont do megaprojects like this is the second you do a discounted cash flow statement and say, this is going to take 173 years to build. Everyone says, well, this is unfinanceable. And maybe thats better. Maybe this means society is more efficiently using their resources, but it also means that we dont do these large, semi useless, but impressive projects like mega cathedrals and monuments, what have you, because who's going to finance, who's going to look at any type of cash flow statement and say, oh yeah, we'll sell tickets 150 years from now? They're not financeable if you believe in a discount.
Speaker B: Also, a lot of them were done by monarchy, because a monarchy is a persistent thing, so therefore it increases the power and the wealth of the monarchy. If you do it without monarchies, you've got four year governments. Nobody cares.
Speaker A: Yeah, but even in the private sector, they're not financeable. No, and they're not financeable because we have all mutually agreed that a dollar 20 years from now is worth a lot less than a dollar today. And we all take this for granted. This is one of those things you take absolutely for granted in finance. Yeah, sure. This is like saying two plus two equals four, but im not 100% sure if you went to someone 2000 years ago that this was exactly that obvious, right? I mean, I think we had lending and interest rates and what have you. So its completely unobvious. But its how you value utility stock is largely agreed here. Were talking about things that are the closest analogy is fine art. Right now. The fine art was, well, okay, nobody has this expectation of fine art. No one's like, oh, this thing sold at Sotheby's for $2 million, and I need a detailed justification of why it's worth $2 million. I don't know. It's a nice Keith haring. It's worth $2 million because someone wanted to put it on their wall. And the next, the person who wanted it just a little bit less was willing to pay $1.9 million for it. And then tomorrow, Keith Haring might be unpopular, there won't be no one to pay 1.9 or even 1.8, and it's worth a million dollars. People look at this stuff and say nonsense. It's not nonsense. It is the beginning. It is the beginning of a vast, endless world of digital objects. And we learned something in 2009. We have two places to store ownership records. One place is a database and the other place is a blockchain. And so, do I believe visualization is going to get better? Obviously. Do I believe when visualization gets better, people will want visual objects, 3d spaces, fidenzas, whatever. Obviously avatars. Obviously. Does it mean its going to be the bored apes? No, I have no idea. Are the bored apes ten years from now going to be worth $2 million or zero million dollars? I have no idea. Who cares? All I know is people will have avatars, people have visual spaces, people will have digital wearables, people will. We might be able to trade even excel models. Digital objects will become very useful in that world. Well then I think, great, where are we going to store the ownership records of these? Everything boils down to this question. Who gets to write down who owns this? Fidens. I'm going to share this as a free tip. Every time you have someone complaining about nfts and say, okay, this is the wrong way to do it. Great, tell me which company should store it instead. Yeah, right, people. It's one of those things like public blockchains are the worst solutions to hold ownership records. Except for all the other solutions. People can easily identify why it might be bad. It's volatile. It's this, it's that people lose their keys, people get hacked. Okay? All these things are true. What's the alternative? Because the alternative, practically speaking, it's an organization. Practically speaking, I don't think anyone believes that we're going to drive a lot of tech innovation out of the government. The government's going to get in the startup business, so it's going to be a company, okay? We have companies around. So, okay, I'm willing to have a discussion. I think it's an intellectually honest discussion. If someone says, I believe your Fidensa should not be recorded on the Ethereum blockchain, it should be recorded in the art division of Google. They should have a database and they should run an art division. If someone wants to know who owns Ed Fidenzo, we should ask Google or Facebook or Twitter or Sony or Apple or whatever. I've asked this question like 50 times. Nobody ever has an answer. No, but the alternative answer is that if it doesn't work on a blockchain, it's going to be one of those companies. And when you ask that question, would you like incredibly pretty neutral platform like Ethereum, bitcoin, whatever, to store your ownership records or some division of some big company that has 100 other things going on and forget deep politics, might just decide one day to shut down that division because I'm making enough money for them, right? This happens all the time. I think Amazon Drive is shutting down right now. As I saw an email on Amazon, I got an email and Amazon drive shutting. People close divisions all the time. Companies go bankrupt all the time. Management changes strategy changes. Companies get compromised, right? Twitter got compromised by many foreign intelligence services. All of this stuff happens, and none of them, to me, are remotely credible or appropriate to hold important digital goods. None of them. They're embarrassingly inappropriate. And the flip side is, amazingly, to my complete surprise, I did not realize this until 2020. I'm embarrassed. I shouldn't realize this in 2017. It solved. Nfts can solve it.
Speaker B: One thing we do give them, just as an adjunct, is our bloody id, which I keep bleating on about that we need to solve. We need to have digital id on the blockchain in some way, shape or.
Speaker A: Form that's going to get solved by zero knowledge proofs. But, God, that's ten years away before we can make that happen. The id, at least the id. The database of records. The government. And as much as, like, you know, the government's goofy at some things. Like, it's probably better that your id is issued by the government as opposed to, like, Facebook. There's more. I'm more confident that at the end of my life, the United States government will exist than Facebook will. Yeah.
Speaker B: I'm more concerned about once somebody has your id, your digital footprint. They own your digital footprint, right? So Google knows pretty much everything about you use Gmail. They know the content of every single email you've ever sent, what you do on the web, everything you look at. And that's not necessarily secure. And you didn't give it permission to.
Speaker A: Do that, of course. Well, this. That's an endless topic on online privacy. I'm not trying to fix that. No, I'm trying to fix the ownership stack. So with all of that philosophical blah blah. But you knew I was going to stick this in here. Now let's go to what we're actually doing. So every metaverse to date is fully or partially centralized. So everyone claiming they're doing a metaverse, a lot of people say, I have a metaverse product, right? Well, there are and will be metaverse products from traditional companies. You know, minecraft is a form of metaverse. League of Legends is a form of metaverse. Twitter is a form of metaverse. So I keep saying it's actually the Internet, right? Because all of these have metaverse characteristics. All of these are 100% centralized. I think that's obvious to people. What's interesting is even the crypto ones are partially centralized. The crypto ones are decentralized at the ownership level, but not at the application level. And I won't name names, but it just applies to literally all of them. They're all using unity or unreal engine to create the virtual environment. And the reason they're doing it is because it's easy. There's a lot of, if you centralize the world building, it is easy out of the box to build upon decades of game development tools and have a unified world that you can walk around. Most of what these services are offering is you own your land, you have this nft, you own your land. And that's truly decentralized. It's on the Ethereum blockchain. But when you log into the world, you're walking through a world that is being rendered from a server somewhere being run by the company. And then if you look very carefully at the bottom, it says, here are the terms of use, and there's 53 different reasons they can say, get off our servers. And if they do, you might have the land, but you can't use it. You can't go in. If you are, I don't know, living in some country and you go in and say politically inconvenient things. I don't even say it's the company's fault. Right? Like centralized companies have to respond to nation states.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So you go to some country and you say something that that country is not appropriate, and they say, okay, no more Raul giving his inappropriate views in the metaverse. The company's gonna respond to the subpoena, the law enforcement request, whatever, and pick you up. And there is a step forward here, which is if you get kicked out of your Google account, youve lost everything. If you got kicked out of your metaverse land account, you can probably sell the NFT to someone else and at least recapture some of that value. But if you were thinking about this as a place to build your immersive digital identity, its not good enough because you still have to start over. If you've picked metaverse X, I'm going to build XYZ in this metaverse and that metaverse, which includes all the NFT based ones, basically, tiny number of exceptions, but all the major ones like this, you can still be kicked out. And the reason these metaverses do not yet have the exact same types of problems that Twitter has is because as of today, nobody uses. So it's easy not to have problems when you don't have any customers. Twitter has hundreds of millions of people yelling at each other. These metaverses have nobody yelling at them. So the problems haven't emerged. But if they succeed, all these problems are going to happen. So the idea with on is to get to something where this is not true. To get to something wherever you have no counterparty risk to me, where you can do whatever things you think is appropriate to do, and I can't stop you. I do not want to get letters from a variety of jurisdictions telling me to decide if Raul is doing the right thing, the wrong thing. What have you. Any more than I do not want to be in charge of roles website. You have some HTML you want to host. A hoster could tell you to leave. That's different. Someone could decide not to host you, but they can't decide to keep you off the Internet. What does this mean in practice? I'm going to get a little bit technical. I think it's interesting. OM is running on open web standards. The rendering is not using some pre built game engine. It is being rendered in your browser. It is being rendered locally, which means when you are walking around the 659 museum district, that's happening on your computer or your phone. What has happened is you downloaded a certain type of file called a GLB. The GLB is the 3D equivalent of the PDF. It's an open source file format that describes how to render three dimensional spaces. You've downloaded a certain file, that file is now running on your computer, and it's no different than you downloaded that file from any other place. You download a file once it's on your computer, it's on your computer now. Things that are going well, I believe the quality of the rendering, given that we're not touching any game engines, given that we're running in the browser, is extraordinary.
Speaker B: Yeah, I was blown away when I first saw it.
Speaker A: Extraordinary. This is something where you could have said, okay, it's going to suck. The only thing that's limiting us is guessing end device computational power. It could get even better. But the better you make it, the more people you knock out on the power of their end user device. That's going really well. The second part that's going really well. Is it the best way to display digital art in these three dimensional spaces? Yes, it's obvious. Some of these big galleries. It's clear the display of digital art is going to look like this. One of the things that I sometimes show people is how the MoMA displays its collection online. And it looks like an Amazon pitch, just a list of artwork. Well, clearly that's not going to be how you curate art online. It's going to be in these types of three dimensional spaces. This has been going very well. Now, why do I say it's not fully decentralized yet? Well, today as we're working very closely with on cyber on this, and we're completely aligned on where this needs to end up. On Om today, that file's coming off an on cyber server. But that's a trivial part for us to fix. Where Om will be in 2023 is the land positioning grid and the link to the file will be unchained. And this is not because I don't love on cyber. I love on Cyberez. And this is not because. Not a bad thing for on cyber either. But the same thing on cyber. Cant be a single point of failure either. Six, five to nine cant be a single point of failure. Nobody should be a single point of failure. I am willing to accept Ethereum as a single point of failure. If ethereum goes away, sure, youve got to make thats. But ethereum going away is much less likely than 659 going away or on cyber going away. So imagine on chain it says at this place in the world, download this file. Now that file has the display and show it in your browser here. So far, we have not touched a single centralized provider because the file can be sitting on Arweave or ipfs. Ethereum are, we've ipfs, your local browser, your local computer. You've now rendered a space. This part here. Once you're there, this is no counterparty risk, right? This is censorship resistant, coming to me and saying, hey, take down rolls token off Ethereum is not something I can do, right? And this is like we're going to use nfts for this, right? And just nfts, there'll be a link in your NFT. It's like the Uri, right? If you haven't, you've deployed an NFT and you have your UrI pointing somewhere to arweave, okay, that's it. It's in your wallet. You're in charge. And by the way, I'm not saying that you should go do illegal things. If you go do illegal things, they should come after you, right? This is not a anti law enforcement concept. It's an anti automated censorship concept. It's an anti rent seeking concept, law enforcement. I believe we should have laws, and I believe we shouldn't force the laws. And I believe if it is the case that Raul Sar is committing crimes in his metaverse face, I don't know, selling people unregistered securities in the metaverse, I don't know, right, that they can find you, not Ethereum. They're not going to call Vitalik and say, hey, can you do something about this? So this is the first step. Now you say, okay, well, for the technical viewers, you say, well, what about gameplay? What about chat? What about messaging? Those can be done totally decentralized, but there's a big performance hit. Our current thinking is those will be federated. So you can pick your provider and this becomes like email, let's say chat. There's a chat box and all. One logical provider could be on cyber, right? I'm chatting and that's just providing chat now. And that's fine. If you're talking about, hey, look at these cool finances. On cyber is an excellent choice to host your chat. But let's say you're Goldman Sachs and you want to offer securities and have discussions about securities, and you have to comply with Sir Brian Zoxley and keep records of everything your people are saying, well, you probably need a more, quote unquote, enterprise grade auditable backups chat thing. That's the requirements you have to fulfill. So in Goldman Sachs's open metaverse space, I want them to be able to say, yeah, we're in fact going to run our own chat server and we'll archive everything and compliance will check everything and we'll see if we told people that, like, don't worry, you can't lose going long subprime mortgages, right? This is fine, right? Like someone could say to on cyber, don't host Goldman Sachs in France. Right? Okay. That doesn't break the censorship resistance because so long as Goldman Sachs can pick another chat provider, including ultimately themselves, it's the email model. The email model is not that everyone should host their own email server. It's a nuisance. Most people do not want to host their own emails. The fact that you can exit, though, keeps everyone well behaved. If you think about what the stack will look like, you will have ownership on chain spaces, in 3d environments. Ipfs arweave those types of locations. But again, people can choose. They can run them on the server if they want, but it's their choice. If they want to run decentralized, they can. And then a federated model, competing providers for higher order service. This to me is sufficiently decentralized that I can put the 6.5 to nine theory behind it and say, yep, I am comfortable. If you go invest time, effort, energy, your brand, developers, et cetera, to build out your world, in this world, you truly own it. It's yours, it's not someone else's. No one can take it away from you. There's no third party who can take it away from you. And this is the whole idea behind crypto. Right? Like, this is why we're here in the first place. So that's where we want to get to now. What are the things that, so the rendering was nice, the 2023, you'll get this type of tech stack. What have we learned in the interim? I think we've learned two and a half things. One, it's a really great place to display art dollars. So we have. It's funny, right? Because you got to find the usage cases one at a time.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: We now have, I think 3000 artists have put their galleries there. I think that's four to five times all the other metaverses combined. There are now hundreds of thousands of pieces of art just in the museum district. And in time, if this continues, I don't know. I think there'll be more pieces of art in that district than in major museums. It's funny. It's still very early, and we're hundreds of thousands of pieces. If I had told you, let's go make a physical museum with hundreds of thousands of pieces, that's a billion dollar project. So that works. I've been teaching this class at UNIC, and we've been doing some sessions there, or all the sessions in Ulm. It's been pretty good. There's some obvious areas for improvement, and so we'll do it again in the spring semester. Take what we've learned. Build out some spaces. This podcast is sponsored by ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what. With each vendor, Ramp software collects and verifies receipts instantly to save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments. Time consuming tasks, which means youll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If youre a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions youve ever made. Get dollar 250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy ramp.com easy ramp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank and celtic bank members of DIC. Terms and conditions apply.
Speaker B: So just to go back one sec, how do we, so you build this open metaverse. How do we get that to scale enough that it becomes the standard, because that's the issue. You've got the fight.
Speaker A: I'll come to that. I'll come to the tooling sucks right now. Like, it can't scale the weights. It's all, I'll come there. And then what's the stuff that hasn't worked? Which is the stuff that hasn't worked in any of the metaverses. Do people just go and hang around there? No, and they don't hang around in any of the other metaverses either. And I think it's one of these errors that we all have to focus on. You're like, oh my God, this looks so cool, I'm done. But the reality is screen time doesn't come from something that looks cool. It looks really cool is like those old flash intros to websites. They look really cool the first couple of times and then you're like, okay, can you get this out of the way? I want to. Like, it's annoying. And so if you think where you spend a lot of screen time, it's doing practical things, right? You're tweeting, you're reading emails, you're seeing what people are doing on Facebook, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. It's practical things. And so I think one of the mistakes all the metaverses have made is you get razzle dazzled by the 3d stuff and not think hard enough about what it is specifically that people might want to do. And none of them are remotely likely to be successful until it gets solved. All the numbers. And by the way, this is also true of meta metas. User numbers are also atrocious. At Facebook scale, it's a couple hundred thousand users. That's more than Om, but not much more. Om's monthly numbers are tens of thousands. It's weird. It's only an order of magnitude more than Om, I think. Weird. Those are atrocious. Given that you're Facebook and it's the same thing, it's not obvious which thing you're going to do on the Internet. That for sure works better in that context. And this is what I'm saying. Example, art galleries work better. They look better in alm than they do on Twitter, they look better in om than they do on discord. They look better in Alm than on Facebook. But art galleries aren't something you're going to go 20 times a day to art gallery, they'll go a couple times a month. So I think there is still this exercise. Before we get to scaling, we have to solve product market fit. Product market fit. You will know it when people are running in there voluntarily. I've always said no to contests and prizes and even very deliberately, we haven't sold any land or anything. And all of these ideas, all that would have turned into a bunch of financial speculation and would have distracted here from the actual problem, which is product market fit, which is why does anyone use this in the first place? And it's one of these things, it's like early Internet journeys of discovery, which.
Speaker B: Makes me laugh, because everyone, therefore, because there's no product market fit yet, everyone assumes it's stupid, it's never going to work.
Speaker A: Well, yeah, it's like early Internet. We knew that all these things were going to happen. We just didn't know exactly how. We knew that video was going to come online. We didn't exactly know it was going to be YouTube. One of the things that I got wrong in the video era was this. I thought it would be more decentralized online. It turns out all video lines, basically YouTube and Netflix, and that's it. It's the bulk, the large majority of video online is weird. You would have thought it wouldn't be like, that's how it turned out to be. So we have to work on product market fit. And then to the question of scaling, you need a few things for this to scale, which are the following. I'm not willing to put any effort into scaling until it's decentralized because we're just going to scale people into a centralized solution and the further we. And then it might be hard to like switch them. So that's like a necessary condition, not a sufficient one. The other one that is a big problem is the tooling for building the spaces is not easy enough. Now, it's still very manually intensive. It's still. If you come to me and say, oh, I want to build this. Cool, whatever. All right, let's get some 3d architects and tell me your specs and send me designs and, oh, let me go back the designs and, well, this can't scale, right? And so we're going to need more automation. And right here we is not. We is the whole industry, right? And here, this is the power of open standards. I hope people will build tools that will make GLB's, in different ways, automated.
Speaker B: Template, generative AI basis for the Internet, for the metaverse.
Speaker A: Right? And it doesn't have to be one, right? Because if it's an open standard, eventually there's some kid out there right now who's figuring out how to use a generated adversarial network to make GLB's with an AI, it's got to get to the point. It's got to get to the point where you can say, look, I want an office mid century feel 20ft by 20ft bookshelf, dark wood, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And it starts throwing a ideas that you. The way mid journey does, the way chat GPT does, it's got to be like that, right? Because the current. I'm doing it the current way and the current way is extremely expensive and very annoying.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Right. And until.
Speaker B: Or you make standardized spaces, which kind of goes away.
Speaker A: Yeah, I consider that part of the current way. And even making those standardized spaces expensive and annoying and people tend to want some level of customization, I think that's powerful. But I do think it will be solved. It might not be solved in the next three months, it'll be solved in the next year or two. If GPT four is what people say they're going to be, it's going to be writing whole books. So I'm pretty sure we're going to figure out how to get AI's to make a nice looking virtual office. Right.
Speaker B: AI is already doing design. So you can go and say, design me a picture of a car that's like this. This will do it. So it's there. It just needs to be applied to this.
Speaker A: Correct. And there's some. I've spoke with Emad from.
Speaker B: Yeah, he's a good friend of mine, old friend of mine.
Speaker A: Yeah. So he thinks it can be done. There are some challenges in that. If you see the visual generatives, sometimes they'll be whatever a six finger or something doesn't match. But these spaces have to follow certain rules about collisions, so you don't just fall out of them. The chair has to look correctly, 3d from all angles. It can't be distorted in the back, so it's doable. It's, I think, one twist harder than doing a two dimensional photo, but there's no reason why it's not going to be doable, and I think we need that. How can I imagine scaling to regular people? It's got to get to the point where you can say, click here, say this, do this, press this button, and now you're live.
Speaker B: And it'll be photo quality as well, because Emad's already working on that and we're seeing extraordinary results from that as well.
Speaker A: Yeah. And that's, again, we go back to device performance. Right. Like there's no limit to what the quality can be. There's no technical limit, there's only device level limits of how much do you want people to download on their phones before their phone starts complaining? It'll just get better every year. As devices get better every year, the graphic processing power of the end user device is going to drive that. It's not the creation power. I could make a absurdly detailed space and crash everyone's phones when they get on it. And so, look, you got to go with a computer with an expensive graphics card. It will work great, but it won't work great for anyone else. No.
Speaker B: Although I think the thing that everybody's discovered are these, the mechanism by which to condense everything down. The compression files are so amazing that Emad's entire file is 2gb for almost all words on the Internet. And so I think maybe that compression technology will solve this for visual stuff as well, that you can then do stuff in the browser.
Speaker A: So we're working on exactly this topic, one of the reasons we have not launched any other big spaces. We think we've now found a way to make big spaces more efficient. And so we'll find out. And so we're playing around with this. And all of these things, though, are problems of the type that are completely solvable and will get solved. And the benefit of working on open standards once we get a little further along. All of these, these are all things that we can solve together. Like someone is going to, if the format is a GLB and not some proprietary 659 format, right? Well, if Emad solves how to make generative spaces, super. And he can have a business to sell nfts in the generator space, super. Someone else, maybe it's not even, maybe he's busy doing that and someone else will come and do it and some other kid will adapt it and will adapt stable diffusion to do it. The power here is going to be leveraging open standards, open networks, because otherwise, if the idea is that on cyber, which is a small organization, and 6529, which is a small organization, are going to somehow out develop extremely large organizations who have deployed tens of thousands of people to the metaverse platform, it's obviously not going to happen. Right?
Speaker B: It has to be open.
Speaker A: It has to be open. Right? It has to be open because anyway, that's the whole point. It was, I have zero. Well, this all sounds very hard. I'm like, I understand it's very hard, but I have zero interest in doing the other thing. It's not like I woke up one day and was concerned that there are not going to be enough closed metaverses. Everyone's making a closed metaverse. Every big company is going to make a closed metaverse, and some small companies as well. So that's going to happen anyway. I don't need to be the 1523rd of those. I'd rather do other things with my life. This is where I think we are. I think second to third quarter next year, we will see some big things. I hope to be on chain in 2023. I believe it's doable. Even more, though, I believe in the way we're approaching it now, which is make sure we figured it out before we put it on chain. Because we're not taking money from anyone. I can say, okay, look, let's try this. This is an experiment. This is, this. I was very. Again, it made financing a thousand times harder. The easiest thing in the world. In this spring, buy these land tokens. 6529 metaverse, etcetera. Raise a lot of money. I said, yeah, I'll raise a lot of money. And then it won't work.
Speaker B: No, you'd have lost the soul of it.
Speaker A: Well, yeah, there'd be people in discord yelling about their floor price of their mountainside land. Right? Like, oh, and don't. Don't make the spaces bigger. You got to preserve the value of my token. Like, none of that's what I'm going to do. Right.
Speaker B: And also, people are too skeuomorphic in all of this. Because there's no real reason why buildings need to look like buildings or spaces need to look like the spaces we live in, because they're already just built because of the restrictions of physics or capital. But that doesn't happen in the metaverse, correct?
Speaker A: I think there is some. It's interesting. I think the answer is somewhere in the middle. Cause I've seen. We had some designers come up with some completely non skeuomorphic spaces. And they mostly felt like you were, like, in a bad 1980s music video. All right?
Speaker B: Like, it's just like any bad 1980s music videos.
Speaker A: Like, all these, like, computer graphics flying around, and you're like, okay, I mean, that's cool. But, like, could I spend, like, 3 hours in this? I don't think so. Right? So I think the part that, for me, is clear. I do not think you should try and limit land. Like, my objections to some of these metaverses. Right? They limit land. Why do they limit land? Not because it's a good idea. Technically, it's to generate value in the tokens. But this is like saying, we have the Internet, and I'm going to limit the number of page HTML pages on my website and make them scarce. It's not going to work. Someone else is going to come and say, well, I have more pages on my website. I have more pages on my website. It doesn't cost anything to make land. And so as we know from economics, things for marginal cost is zero, the price goes to zero. So land per se should have zero value in the metaverse. Correct. Just like a fresh Twitter account has zero value, a successful Twitter account has plenty of value. A successfully developed community will have plenty of value. And the only reason you might even say, like, well, even the concept of land is kind of skewomorphic, if you can teleport anywhere. But I think there is value in letting people aggregate near other people. Humans like to do that. The artists all want to be in the museum district. Why? There's a bunch of other artists. Well, I mean, that kind of makes sense, right? Like, if someone comes to go see one artist and say, oh, I'm already here, let me see another one.
Speaker B: It doesn't work on the Internet. Right. I don't care where your IP address is versus mine, you know, because I.
Speaker A: Just go, that's not true. You don't go to my IP address. You go to ww dot twitter.com.
Speaker B: Yeah, but if I want to go to the OM website versus the real Vision website, we don't. We can amalgamate them also, I guess.
Speaker A: Well, the day. How much of web is spent with people not going through a centralized provider to find someone else's website? Zero, even. Yeah, even finding the website. You're going through Google. Yeah.
Speaker B: Try and guess an IP address.
Speaker A: Right. You go through Google. Right. Finding. My guess is you have not memorized all the websites that you go to. Right.
Speaker B: I mean, do you remember when we grow up, you remembered the phone numbers of your friends? I don't know. I don't even know my wife's phone number.
Speaker A: Yeah. I probably am down to like ten phone numbers. I remember. Right. Like, I used to know all of them.
Speaker B: All of them, yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah. Now we've outsourced that to their phone, and that's fine. And, like, I think discovery always turns out to be an issue on the Internet. The shape of the discovery is to be determined on metaverse. Right. Like the kind of simplistic but not very useful answers. Well, you can teleport anywhere. Okay, I hear you. But when there's like 27 million spaces, how are you going to know where you want to teleport? And some people are saying, oh, there'll be recommendation engines like, oh, you liked role like this gallery. This other gallery is like. Yeah, probably. In a world that only teleporting matters, Ohmstool works just fine, but I wouldn't build it and just say it's the only thing that's going to matter.
Speaker B: Also, how do you get around just thinking this through? Because it's fascinating. So then AI will say, well, 6529, he loves this kind of art and he'll just create the galleries for you of other people's art. I mean, you don't need your own gallery. Essentially, everything becomes designed for you by AI.
Speaker A: I think we have. AI is going to be a very big deal. It's going to be a very, very big deal. I think things that I am more fuzzy on than almost anything is what the second and third and fourth order effects are of AI. Right? Because let's take the. Here. This is very interesting. With chat GPT, the first thing everyone writes on Twitter is, oh, my God, students are going to use it to write their papers. Right? We can't do, like, paper based assessment. We need to go back to oral assessments.
Speaker B: You also don't need teachers.
Speaker A: I would actually say something different. It's not quite good enough to do this for a lot of stuff, but let's say GPT six can answer all student assessments at an undergraduate level in a computer science course. Let's say that's. I think that's not far off. And it doesn't matter if it's in 2025 or 2029. It's not in 2089. I played around enough with chat GPT that sometimes it just goes completely bonkers and tells you nonsense, but sometimes it writes impressive things. You can see the edges of the weaknesses in chats, but probably they're solvable. So let's assume they're solved and let's assume it can answer all the questions on all the papers and problem sets of an undergraduate degree in computer science. Okay, first thing. Oh, we have to change assessments. Oh, do we need to teach? The real question to me is if that's the case, if a machine can do all that, should we spend four years training a human to do that? Right? Because if after four years of quite expensive education, training a human for four years at university level education costs, I don't know, minimum ten in developed world, minimum $10,000 a year, right? It's a lot of money and four years of someone time was even more money. Right? Big opportunity costs, like someone spending four years doing that. And if after that person does that and demonstrates mastery of all these things. An AI can just do those things anyway at a marginal cost of zero, instantly better. Well, then maybe what a computer science degree is, is wrong. Right. And the problem, once you start tugging on this thread and start thinking about jobs and degrees.
Speaker B: Nothing makes sense.
Speaker A: It's not clear where it ends. Right.
Speaker B: Like, have you read scary smarts yet? Mo Gordat's book?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: Good read. You know, it's like Noah Harari's book, but it's simpler but just really interesting conceptually. You'll enjoy it.
Speaker A: Interesting, scary smart. Okay, I'll read it before the next time I show up here. I don't know. Right. Like, I think it's going to be very disruptive in good and bad ways to white collar work. For sure. It's going to hit white collar work a decade before it's doing your plumbing. This is the revenge of all the white collar folks like us did really nicely and manufacturing moved offshore. We get cheaper goods. World financialized people like us make out well in that world. Oh, the poor factory workers, well, they should learn to code all this stuff and reinforces. White collar workers tend to anyway, think of themselves as superior, right? And so it feeds into all of their, like, ego and so, oh, well, this is just how the capitalist society is. And like, you've got to have valuable skills and I'm sorry, mister, like, person who works with your hands. You're not like as smart as a finance person or whatever. I, people don't say that a lot, but it's kind of how they act. Right. Well, this is going to be the revenge of that because it's going to be a lot easier to replace for the next decade white collar workers with AI than people who work with their hands. Maybe we should all become plumbers. I don't know.
Speaker B: Really. Interestingly, Amazon has one and a half million human employees. It now has half a million robot employees. Those robots are at least four times as productive as humans, not only because they work 24 hours a day, 365, but they're better at the jobs. It's happening already even in all of those jobs. So it's happening everywhere. It's extraordinary.
Speaker A: Yeah. But I think by the time robots eventually will be able to work in unstructured environments like on the Amazon warehouse, it's structured. It's structured. The question when can a robot. But literally, it's so stupid. My toilet is leaking. When can you call a robot? To fix that, you need self driving cars, right? So it needs to come to your house it needs to be able to work in an arbitrary environment. It needs to have human level comprehension of language. It needs to expect weird stuff like mess and what have you. Work with a variety of physical goods. This is quite a bit harder than Chad GPT writing you an essay on the, I don't know, 100 year war. Right. And so will that also happen? Yeah, I think it will also happen, but it's probably ten to 15 years behind the white collar stuff, so it's going to be an interesting world. Look, I go back and forth because historically, every single labor saving dice has led to higher human welfare and new jobs emerged, and we're certainly in no risk right now of running out of jobs. If you look the issue that's happening right now, people can't find workers, they can't find jobs. Yeah.
Speaker B: And also population shrinking. So my guess is this is a productivity increase. So GDP per capita probably goes up.
Speaker A: Yep, yep, yep.
Speaker B: That's my view of it.
Speaker A: I don't know how we got on AI, but I think the intersection of AI is going to be very interesting. Generally. I think AI is going to be very interesting. It probably actually even sucks some attention away from crypto. For better, for worse, probably for better. I think it will take some of the tech tourists over to AI, but.
Speaker B: I think you're looking at the same way as I do is these things are all interrelated. Yes, that's what I'm thinking. You know, when Emag came to me and said, this is what I've done, and it's open source, I'm like, huh, okay, this is all in the same vein.
Speaker A: The ones who are doing open source AI are the same way the other people doing closed source AI. It's the same concept, right? I want to build things where people, the Emmet or the Emma's of the future, can build one of the what are the benefits? If something's working on a blockchain and open standards and decentralized storage, AI's can interact on a first class basis with humans. And so given this, we are going to see, I mean, this thing we described that makes your virtual space, okay, that's an AI. And then here's interesting. Maybe it's not just a tool. Maybe someone will then program that AI to just go build spaces directly, right? And there'll be an Avatar, right? An avatar with the chatting capacity of GPT seven or something, going to be indistinguishable from the large majority of humans. And so one of the things I've always thought about this world which is, again, why it has to be open and programmable, composable. We will be moving through this world with a large set of non human characters, for sure. Right. And good and bad. They'll be good and bad outcomes from this. Right. People will use them for spamming. Right. But also good ones. Like, here's a very simple one. You come into the six five nine museum district. It would be really great that someone pops up in a non annoying manner. Right. Once it gets whatever's going on. Hey, want me to chew you around? What do you want to see? I want to see Chernobyl. Let's walk over here. Well, what's this piece? It's this. It's that. It's the next thing. It was made by Dimitri Chernia. Here's when he made it. Here's how he thinks about this piece. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. You can't scale that with humans. I can't have a fine arts specialist walk every single visitor for a private tour through the garrison. But with AI, will we get there this decade? Yeah.
Speaker B: So the other thing that I got to with AI and blockchain and that nexus is AI can scale video, written, audio content, millions of pieces, almost instantaneously. Almost already. So in the next six months, that's completely solvable. So it becomes a huge problem to know what is authenticated and what's not.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Nobody's going to know. So it has to be solved on the blockchain. It has to have some sort of place on the blockchain, which is basically the same kind of thing that you're talking about is in the end, there needs to be some digital record of what is what. And it's going to become, at societal level, importance. I think by the next election, I think we got two years to solve some of this or we're going to break things.
Speaker A: Yeah. I think obviously AI is going to flood social media as a starting point with, I mean, fake humans. Right. What's already happening will just get really good. Fortunately, crypto is there to solve this. Right. Like, you can have, like, oh, how do you know what's. It's funny watching the non crypto world kind of struggle in the dark outside of obvious solutions. Like, how do we know that anything digital is scarce and real? No. Oh, we have a way to know that.
Speaker B: Strange.
Speaker A: We have a way to know that. Now, having said that, will there be persistent identities that are AI? I think so. Right? I think so. But it's interesting, like, if you say, hey, you've got to sign this message with an Ethereum account. Right? Well, someone can score that Ethereum account both for humanness or just general credibility. Maybe the part that doesn't matter is it's human. Maybe the part that does matter. Let's say there is an account pretending to be an NFT art expert, but that account has that Ethereum address as a ten year history, has bought a bunch of great pieces, has minted great pieces, has engaged in discussions with people, has an active Twitter presence, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And it turns out that it's an AI. Let's say it turns out I'm an AI. If it turns out that I'm. It's okay, that's fine. Yeah, it's fine that AI is contributing in a yemenite useful and predictable way. And there's been some proof of work. They've bought art, they've been taught, they've done stuff. What people worry about is that I'll use that AI and make 17,000 Twitter accounts. And now it looks like there's 17,000 people who share these beliefs, but there's really only one. Right. Well, the solution to that is, okay, make them have an Ethereum address. And if all those ethereum addresses were created yesterday and there's no activity and they haven't done anything, you should devalue them in your reputation. Score. Yeah, right. I mean, I don't think we escape a world or it's even necessarily desirable that eponymous humans, synonymous humans, anonymous humans, and all the same for AI's, should all be able to interact, but they should all be judged by the same standards. If those standards. If I said, oh, I'm super credible on nfts, but I had never bought an NFT, okay, I mean, maybe I am, maybe I'm not, but probably I'm not. If an AI says I'm super credible, nfts, and I bought all these nfts and you can look at them, they were good ones and they actually bought them. And you can see that there's no question that they bought them. Yeah, okay, great. I mean, do you care really, if it's a human, if it's an AI or if it's a hybrid?
Speaker B: No, what I would care is if the 6529 AI was sending 50 different thousand messages to different people with different messaging. And again, that's going to be provable on chain. That's provable on chain. Yeah. Then you get around all the bullshit that we've got to deal with.
Speaker A: That's exactly right. So that's how you can, you can, if you force people to sign from an address, right. You can see if, if I showed up in 18,000 Twitter accounts say, great, what's the Ethereum address there? Oh, wait, there's no nfts here. There's no transaction history, there's no anything you haven't minted, anything you haven't contributed to discord. You're just a spam account. Everyone is going to have to start every new account on social media. Every new address online is going to start with the presumption that it's spam. Right. It's going to start with a reputation score of zero. Zero.
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker A: And build up. And once it builds up, I mean, okay, if you're doing a good job and you use chat GPT to help graft some of your work, fine. Is that conceptually different than using a calculator or excel? No, I don't do any of my math by hand. Right. I use a computer to help me do my math. Right. That's Excel. So I'll help it do my writing. It's okay. You have. And okay, in time this way, I think ultimately you do need proof of work. I put this in air quotes, but proof of work of different, you know, as an NFT collector, proof of work is the nfts you've collected.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker A: It's why I do all of those publicly. You can go to 659 museum and see good ones, bad ones. I don't buy them in anonymous Ethereum addresses. I don't. And people say, oh, aren't you worried people might front run you or whatever? I said, oh, whatever. It doesn't matter. The broader theory is I want to show what I'm doing and what I value and what I think is important. And people can judge that, right? I don't want to do it hidden. And this is an important proof of work in NFT art. Otherwise, there's just some totally anonymous accounts that, oh, I know a lot about nfts. Do you? Right. You can judge, you can see both the wins and the losses.
Speaker B: So how does the Unic open metaverse and also the memes that you've produced, how does that fit into this bigger picture? Because I know it's all part of a bigger plan.
Speaker A: Right. Let's talk about the memes first, because that one's easier and funner. And then we'll go to the Unix stuff.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: The theory behind the memes is the following. If someone is running for president, let's say there are two candidates running for president and one candidate says, yes, we can. And the other candidate says, here is my three hour podcast about GLB files and my 672 page long position paper on Internet protocols. We know who will become president. And it's not the guy with the podcast.
Speaker B: No, it's the guy with the meme.
Speaker A: It's the guy with a meme. And memes are all around us, right? They're these inter subjective myths. They're brands, they're slogans. They're national flags. They are the visual, cognitive shortcut where humans coalesce around certain ideas. You buy nikes because you see that swoosh and it makes you feel good. You buy Burberry because you see that pattern makes you feel good. You wave the american flag and sing the national anthem before the baseball game. All of these things. It's how humans bind into larger groups. Arguably, one of the failures of crypto, even though it has a fairly appealing message in some ways, has been that it's been too boring and technical in how it speaks to people. And to the degree that it's been good at memes, it's really only been good in a very certain kind of narrow set of memes. They're like, I think the bitcoin Hodler meme is basically the only one that was truly a good meme, but it's devolved into this, like, very aesthetic. Okay, we will just eat steak and sell our chairs and stack sats and, like, everyone, everything else in a scam in life is a scam except stacking bitcoin. But I tell you, that's not going to be a popular position for popularizing decentralized. It's not. That's a, that's the type of meme that works super well with a small subset of, like, honestly left brain guys, right? Like, these people would have been monks 500 years ago, right? We imagine looking at America and saying, the way I'm going to get into people's minds is tell them they can't spend money on anything. They just need to save all their money for the future. Okay? So that's a good meme for that type of person. And it was probably the right meme for bitcoin to get off the ground, because without a hodling type meme, it never generates any value in the first place. If it doesn't generate any value in the first place, it's just a scam.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Right here. And what drew me to nfts in the first place was I felt nfts were an application of cryptocurrency that actually could be appealing to 80% of the population, not 3% of the population. Technology becomes consumer ready when you stop talking about the technology. And it has to do with the application of technology. So the Ethereum consensus algorithm used to be proof of work, and now it's proof of stake. But buying a hoodie punk is something different. It's a layer above that. The hoodie's cool. Look at this one. It's cool. It's cooler than the stringy hair. Punk sounds ridiculous when you say it out loud, but I literally paid hundreds of thousands of dollars more that my cartoon punk has a hoodie instead of stringy hair. And I'm otherwise a fairly, like, financially responsible and boring person. Right? And that's very powerful, right? The fact that punk 6529 was able to extract hundreds of thousands of dollars or more than, like, a different punk with worse looking head coverage was pretty powerful, right? That's how humans work. And so the idea behind the memes is to complement, though I think what's actually going to happen is they're going to swamp the effectiveness of all my nerd style tweeting. So my nerd style tweeting is saying, this is why decentralization matters, right?
Speaker B: This is why NFT, that itself is only scalable to a certain number of people.
Speaker A: The number of people, I'll read all.
Speaker B: Your tweets all day, but to 90% of my friends, they're like, I don't get any of this.
Speaker A: And why do I want to read 89 tweet storms of 60 tweets each.
Speaker B: All about Creative Commons licenses?
Speaker A: Again, it's nerd stuff. I think if you actually put it in a four format, it's like 600 pages or something. It's a lot. Just those threads, not the other chaos of my Twitter account. So since obviously we know that yes, we can, or make America great again, is a more effective way to reach large numbers of people than. Here's my policy paper. And since my tweets are basically more like a policy paper, right? I mean, here are the other two ways I'm trying to teach people about these things, like tweet and you have to take a university level course. I mean, imagine thinking you're running for president, right? Imagine Donald Trump saying, like, look, if you want to vote for me, you first have to take a twelve week course and, like, study really hard and pass tests and whatever. He wouldn't get elected to, like, mayor of a tiny town.
Speaker B: And your tweets, you have to understand economics, philosophy, psychology, technology, sociology just to navigate them, correct.
Speaker A: So the meme cards are a way to spread these messages, hopefully more scalably, more effectively. And I'm really happy with how things are going. I'll tell you the parts that I'm happy about. The first, because if you think about before these started, all the things that could go wrong. First of all, can you make something that's artistically interesting and on message? I had no doubt I could call up smarters and make some nice art. It was with you all day long. If I told them, hey, do you want to co mint an NFT with me and we'll sell it to people, I'm sure they would have all said, yeah, many of them would have said yes. Here we're calling up artists and saying, make lovely art that you make. But, like, it's somehow. And the somehow is up to the artist's interpretation, right. That's why they're artists and that's why they're interesting. Right. How they interpret the themes is up to them. But here are the themes. Pick one of these themes and make something in your own cool artistic style that somehow talks about the themes. And, you know, the themes don't have to be. Some of them are extremely literal and some of them are quite abstract and some are in the middle, but there's always a theme somewhere in there, and that's fine, right? A lot of art is quote unquote political in nature, right? A lot of art is passing some message. Even art that's pure art for art's sake. You know, impressionism had a political message embedded in Ithoodae, right? Like, everything has a political message. So here the political message or the social message, probably social message, more accurate than a political message, is that decentralization and self sovereignty matters in the digital world. That's the message we're trying to get out. But we're trying to get out with things like the Nakamoto Pepe, freedom to transact, right? Like, that's the way that you see it. And I think it works.
Speaker B: How do you still. Because I still think, and I get what you're doing and I applaud it and I think it's working. But how do you get it to people outside of our universe that know what the fuck a pepe is?
Speaker A: So the way the meme cards work, right? So we drop a card a couple times, two, three times a week. But the part that I'm counting on a lot is the fact that there's CC zero. And this is one of those things that snowballs. Like, in the beginning, there are week one there was Cc zero. No one had done anything. And so the metric that I'm always looking at is, what are people doing with them if people are doing things with them. Right. And it's logical that before anyone it's going to be like one of those, like 99 one rules. Like 90% of people are consumers and 9% are contributors. One of what the 1% is. But it's like that thing, right. So first of all, before you can even expect that there's people building with them, there's got to be a sufficient pool of people in the first place. Yeah. Today we have 5500 holders. And if that's good or bad, depends on your, you know, it's probably in the top. Whatever 25 or 50 NFT projects, the number of people holding it. It's smaller than Yugo, but bigger than mfers or something. It's in that range. Is that a lot by world standards? No, it's tiny, but it's okay. It's a start by NFT standards. And am I seeing people doing things? Yeah, there's a bunch of. They call themselves the re memers. And so they make their own nfts. Okay, that's interesting. Now, someone said they're going to make the dollar meme store and resell them all for a dollar and do it on multiple chains and try and get 100,000 people to buy a meme for a dollar. It's great. It's exactly what we want. But then it's 100,000 people, not 5000 people. Someone said they're making a marketplace. This guy from, I think China is making. It's not ceramics with them. So like coffee mugs.
Speaker B: There was a coffee mug.
Speaker A: Coffee mug a few days ago.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah. And so I am leaning on the idea that over one year and two years and three years and five years, if we can keep growing the base number of holders, and if we can, then some percentage of them then go do things that bring other people in. And ultimately we need to get them to be working off NFT Twitter right now.
Speaker B: Here's just a quick, just quick idea for you here. Chatting to Peter Diamandis and his ideas about what he thought about space and how to drive it. And it was the x prize. If you gave a prize annually for the best use of the means and it was a meaningful, significant prize, you would explode the amount of innovation that's happening with it.
Speaker A: Oh, that's super interesting. Let me think about how I think maybe six months from now we'll be mature enough to do it. Because let's say I had done that in month one, there still wouldn't be no. You need a critical mass and you need people doing some things first. So far, the two things that I've seen that have been physical world like Vivian Tam did a meme card and put it in New York fashion Week. Then I think she got the treasury secretary of Hong Kong to put on an open metaverse shirt or sweater. I think one big crypto firm. Someone showed me their office. They have the Nakamoto printed on the wall. These are baby steps, but it's the right direction. I don't know. Is the rate of growth fast enough on these? I don't know. Could it be faster? It would always be faster. The hope can only be that network effects and people's values based or economic incentive based. I'm a big believer in that. You've got to eventually align economics. So what do I mean by that? If someone says, take the guy in China. I know who he is. He doesn't know who I am. He sells ceramics for a living. I understand. He's like, oh, maybe I'll sell some coffee mugs by putting this thing on there. Right. We have no business relationship with him. I don't want to have a business relationship with him. Huh. That's interesting. Where would I have found that guy otherwise? Right? And this is the power of Cc zero. He didn't have to ask my permission to make the coffee mug. He's looking around and saying, oh, look, there's a customer base of 5000 people today. Is that a lot? No, probably not. Right. How many coffee mugs are we going to buy? 5100, but they're pretty motivated. 5000. But if that 5000 becomes two years from now, 50,000 meme cardholders. And in the derivatives, the re memes, there's another 500,000. Could you sell a reasonable amount of coffee mugs just to stick with this example? Yeah, probably to that. Half a million people. And if it becomes this type of network brand model where people have economic incentive to build. Because all the things where you say, like, hey, people should just go do this stuff. I don't think that ever works. Right. I also don't love the down model of, like, paying people to do it. Because I think you fake yourself out.
Speaker B: Yeah. And you've got the wrong incentives. They're getting money to do something. What you actually want to do is reward the end game. I think that's what I'm thinking about with the incentive system.
Speaker A: Yeah, that, and I actually think it's the equivalent.
Speaker B: You don't get a medal for running the race, you get a medal for winning the race.
Speaker A: I view it from a product market fit perspective. I think it's deceiving myself on product market fit. If the point of the memes is to get people to spread these messages in the world, so you ultimately drive social and political change. Right. It is for sure the case, 100% the case, that I cannot pay for the tens of billions of dollars of labor this would require to drive social change around the world. Of course, I could go say, oh, look, I'm going to spend $100,000 and get someone to do something somewhere, and then I'll know simply that if I spend money on a service, someone will provide it. But I know that already. That doesn't. Right. The interesting thing is, do the memes create a set of values and interests and people self interest, that someone's going to say, I'm going to make these coffee mugs, not because six, five to nine contracted me with them, but I want to do them. It's cool. It's interesting. I have a business opportunity. My sense is it's going pretty well. The majority metric we need to watch is the number of people joining. I think the challenges, because the values have gone up quite a bit. Right. So the challenge is to make sure it's, like, affordable for new people to join. Right. But this is, I think, one of.
Speaker B: The benefits of speculation game. You kind of, it's going to die.
Speaker A: It's going to die. It's going to die, right. And, like, some people at Discord get mad at me every time the price goes up. I say, like, the price can go down. Don't worry about the price. But we have an advantage here that the structure of the meme cards right now, three new ones are coming a week. Well, this is very hard for a PFP project to get around. If you have a PFP project and you've now sold someone a four day for 200 etH, I've spent, like, $300,000 in a board ape. And you say, oh, cool, now I'm going to make, like, another 100,000 board apes because I want to onboard people. Everyone's going to get very mad at you. Right? So here on day one, we said we're going to do a zillion meme cards, right? And they're all going to be addition, so they're going to be. And so, like. And we're going to sell them for, like, a very low amount. 0.065 to nine, Ethan, because why that amount looks like $100 now or something. What I tell people, buy an NFT for the large majority of people in normal financial circumstances, they should buy nfts out of their consumption entertainment budget. I think for most people, they should buy nfts for the amount they'd spend for a nice dinner with their spouse, or maybe if they want to go a weekend in Vegas or I the nice piece of physical art they buy on their wall. If I believe that, that's my recommendation. I don't want to be saying, oh, come buy this thing for me for five Eth or ten Eth or 20 eth. And so by making them additions, you can say it's $100 for $100. A lot of you, dollar 100. Don't expect as any future value. Just buy because you like it and you can go spread around. Okay. It's reasonable. If you go sell someone a $300,000 pfp, it's kind of hard to tell them. Then afterwards, you know, just do it for the art. They're going to get unhappy. So I think we have, and it's constant. It's the weirdest discord in NFT land, right? Because I'm always coming there and saying like, forget the price. The price is going to go down, supply is going to go up, price is going to go down. Tell me, someone asked me, what's the utility of the memes? The utility of the memes is I'm going to lecture you on why you're not doing more on decentralization. That's the utility of the memes.
Speaker B: And my job is to get into as many hands as possible. There is no scarcity.
Speaker A: Correct? Correct. We'll have some other. First GM was the large edition for season one. We're gonna have a large edition season two. I'm not gonna suppose friends over this, but it's gonna be really cool. And that should get a whole bunch of new people in. And, you know, I think it's. I truly do not care what the price of any meme card is. Right. Like, that's not.
Speaker B: No, that's not the point.
Speaker A: That's not the point. But do people enjoy collecting them? Sure, why not? Right? If you said, and so I think the combination of the fact that you have many, many meme cards allows you to, allows any particular drop to be much lower stakes. If you're a PFP project that does one follow on drop a year, right. They've generally gone badly. Hugo's about the only one who's pulled it off. The follow on drops generally the disaster for the PFP projects, but because, like, people don't actually want more supply. And then, you know, people say, like, oh, it's still too expensive for me. It's fine. Steal them.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's right.
Speaker A: Steal them.
Speaker B: Take them, save. It's fine.
Speaker A: It's fine. Mint them. Right? Like, I don't like how you're doing the drops. Do your own drops. Right? Like, I'm not trying to hoard them and keep them. I want them out there. Like, perfect world is, you know, these dollar meme shops and we're going to do it on Solana finance chain, whatever. Great. Avalanche. Great. I don't have time to do an avalanche. I don't want to do an avalanche. It's enough work getting up every day and, like, doing the things I'm doing. Right. Like someone wants to take on the job of getting the meme cards on an avalanche. Fantastic. Yeah.
Speaker B: Thank you.
Speaker A: Thank you. Thank you so much. We went from a few hundred holders in the summer to five and a half thousand now. So check in with me in the fall. If we're comfortably in the double digits, I think we're on a good track and with the ecosystem around it because hopefully, hopefully, I don't know. Hopefully these things are quote unquote exponential. Like, if you can keep a fast growth rate for a long period of time, the numbers eventually get quite big. This is the main goal. Right. The secondary goal that is just super, super fun is I think it's great exposure for the artists who come into the memes. Now, there's a handful who are super mega brands, right? Like x copy or whatever. Like Xcopy doesn't need any more exposure. But there's also a lot of artists that are not hugely well known. And suddenly they have hundreds of new collectors who are trying to figure out who this artist is, and they are in a collection that gets a lot of eyes on it. And so I think it's great for the artist brand, but it's also great for collectors that they have an opportunity to collect at a economically affordable level from a lot of artists that they might not be able to collect from otherwise. So just purely as an art project, I love it. That's not the mission. But if you're going to say, how are we going to do this mission? Well, we're doing this mission with art. And so then I say, all right, well, from an art perspective, is this good for the artists? Is it good for the collectors? Are we being smart about it? I think we are. And so there'll also be. We launched this contract this year called meme Labs. And so this is going to be like a sandbox for the artists that are ready to the meme card where they can. The meme cards have some parameters, right? It's got to be like one of these memes. It kind of has this type of metadata. It's within a framework. The meme labs is for the artists who have already done a card. They can do whatever they want. I have no idea what they're going to do, and I don't know what will come out of it. Well, it's in the experiment category now, but I'm hoping some interesting things happen again once you have critical mass. We have 40 meme artists now. By the end of the year, it'll be 200, right? Probably something like that. There's 200 very creative, inventive people doing well. Maybe something will come up even there that is different than what we're doing. And most things I think people will do in the labs will be fine or even a quote unquote failure, but maybe from there, a completely different idea will show up that ends up being effective and drives more visibility to these topics. So overall, I am happy with how it's going, and we're about 1% of the way there.
Speaker B: You're interesting because you set yourself clear KPI's, both with Om and the memes. You've kind of set yourself clear KPI's.
Speaker A: Of course, I come from a professional environment. I'm used to doing that. I'm like, yeah, this is like fun and fun, whatever. But shouldn't you know if you're doing things correctly or nothing? The memes have a specific machine, and I tell everyone what the KPI's are. KPI's. You get more people in the memes than in the re memes. And if you don't do that, I think it is easy. Let me put it this way. Our competitors, Facebook and Apple, I can assure you they have KPI's. Right?
Speaker B: For sure.
Speaker A: Right. So if we're just. We can't just feel like, oh, we're hippy dippy about decentralization. We have to see if we're actually doing anything right. Like, you know, this is where all the metaverse stuff, the real KPI, how many people show up every day, is still very weak across all of them.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: And so it's why I'm. I think it's important at this stage to have the right values and the right architectural values, but none of them are ready to scale because things scale when people are knocking down your door to get in. The sign of product market fit isn't. You're trying to drive usage. The sign of product market fit is your servers crashing. Like all successful Internet businesses, Amazon will go down.
Speaker B: Chapt is a great example.
Speaker A: Chat GPT is going down. Twitter used to go down all the time. Netflix used to go down. When you're in the scaling phase, you're not worried about incenting adoption. You're worried about how you can plug in more servers to the wall. We'll know we're winning when the site's going to go right. It's one of those like, I'll throw this to the audience as a sometimes people come to me and say, oh, I don't think this is going to work. Why is this not going to work? Whatever this is, right? There's some third party product service idea they're not going to be able to operationally scale. This is literally never the problem with startups. Right. All the failure cases are in startups. All of them are. Nobody wants to use your service. Yeah, the failure cases, never.
Speaker B: This is what makes me laugh about the solana breakages, is because of excess use.
Speaker A: The failure case is never too many people like your product. When too many people like your product, eventually you'll figure out a way to serve those people. When nobody likes your product, most of the time, you don't figure out a way to serve those people. Most founders do not solve product market fit. So operational scaling problems is a founder who has found product market fit and now needs to fix execution. But execution is much easier to fix. You go hire people who have run high performance, blah blah blah. Scalable Internet services, blah blah blah. And it's fixable. This was an issue from the nineties. Oh my God. Video is going to break the Internet, or articles. Video is going to break the Internet. It's not going to work. We're not going to ever have video on the Internet.
Speaker B: We're hearing that about the metaverse now, by the way. Of course, there's not enough computing power. We don't have enough chips. Nothing's going to work.
Speaker A: Yeah, okay. Okay. This is fine. This is why we're at early days. You had asked about the unicorse.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: So this is the kind of hyper nerd version of the threads. It's killed them.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: It's killed me. It's been so much work. It's like why? The reason I've been less active in tweeting because now I have to make PowerPoint presentations and I'm really excited about a few things. First of all, I think this is going pretty well. It forces you, forcing you to put something in like a presentation form like this often tests if you actually know what you're talking about, right? Because you might think you know what you're talking about, and then you go up and down, you're like, well, what is, what am I supposed to like? The best way to learn something is to teach it to someone, right? And when you go put together the. Because my tweet storms, yes, they're also a form of teaching, but they're a little bit more personal sometimes they're not trying to get necessarily all the structured knowledge out. PowerPoint slide forces you to be structured and you say, oh, I actually don't know the answer to that. Then I find myself googling to figure out what us trademark law says about whatever I've got to do. Reading that's been interesting. The other thing is we got a great set of guests.
Speaker B: Well, explain quickly explain to people who don't know what it is. What are you trying to do?
Speaker A: So the course is about nfts in the metaverse. And the simplistic thing is we have all the interesting people in the NFT and metaverse community coming and speaking on the course and doing panels and getting interviewed. And so you get to see the best people in the world in the field, that this is my hook that you should pay attention to. The next thing I'm going to say, it's not just, you'll hear me talking all day long. You'll have beeple and snow fro and I mean, it's just endless, right? We had g money last week, two days ago. It's endless. Everyone, we have dozens of people coming. But the interesting thing is the following two things. It's the first university course, and this was my demand, where everything is handled on chain. So the PowerPoints are minted as nfts, the video sessions are minted as nfts. We're trying to figure out how to do the exam on chain. That's hard because you actually need zero knowledge proofs to do it. I think we'll see if we figure it out. For this, we have a month to figure this out. And also in metaverse, so like the environment where people, where people interact with the course is the three dimensional ALM environment. But let me take these two things together because they have separate implications. The on chain, at a bare minimum, gets you more openness than you would ever get in this type of thing, right? So you will have these materials with appropriate metadata tagged on chain. Right? You can, like, you want to take G Money's session and put it in your on cyber gallery or download it or whatever. It's there. There's metadata. It's a pub. I keep saying nfts are a publicly readable database. And so normally, universities hide the course material in the learning management system that is a private database. And he was saying, well, let's put it out there for the world. Why? Because, well, generally, good network effect. Things happen when you do this. And as we figure out how this works, what I really want to do is we had more demand to teach than we had teaching spots. In fact, we're not going to be able to get everyone into the session. We'll teach it again in the spring. But what I really want to do is say, if Alejandro from fellowship wants to do a session on, wants to do like a six session mini course on photography, that they can use the same tools and techniques to do it also. And so what I'm trying to build here with the on chain piece is the network effects on education on these topics. Right? Like the idea, a year from now, if today I'm doing 50% of the teaching on the course, a year from now, we will have figured out how this works so people can more effectively teach. And I'm doing 1%. And it's another part of, you know, there's tweeting, right? There's the meme cards. Well, now we need to build people's skills in this area. Right? And of course, you can also come and teach about central banking. It's open to anyone. But I think the topics that are going to be popular for people attending an on chain metaverse university or professional experience are likely first going to be in these technological fields. And I hope to get some great generative artists to teach a course on how to make your first generative art. I want to get a lawyer to teach a course on licensing models. And some of them will be free, some will be paid. I don't know. Whatever people want to do, it doesn't matter. The point is to start building people's skills, knowledge in a different way. And here I think the direct incentive for people is if you learn these things, it will open up a variety of professional business opportunities for you. I tweeted something the other day about, like, bookkeepers are a dime a dozen bookkeepers who know how to read etherscan and understand an NFT transaction like one in a million. If we can accelerate supply and demand, coming into balance here. It's good for everyone more because demand.
Speaker B: Is way outstripping supply in terms of people who know what they're doing.
Speaker A: Way outstripping. We have had the hardest time finding these types of things, and they're not even hard. It's an education failure like etherscan. If you're a trained accountant, the amount of training you've gone through to get your CPA is vastly harder than learning how to read an etherscan transaction. The hard part is knowing accounting, not knowing how an open sea trade shows up in Etherscan. But people don't know to do that last 1% or 2% or 5%, and if they did, they'll have endless job opportunities. But this is true of everything. What's the current limiting factor in the development of Omnip 3D? Architects who know how to develop not just nice looking three ds, but they match the performance and this and that. So if we want the ecosystem to develop, we need people to have the right knowledge, skills, capacities to succeed in the ecosystem. And so the course is a great course in and of itself. We'll run it twice a year. That's great. It's a way to maybe someone who wants a more structured version of my tweet storms and all these great guests. So that part's great. But the part that is more interesting isn't listening to six five to nine ranting about the open metaverse. The idea is we'll try and turn these things. We're in the experiment mode now. I'm learning what's working, what's not working, what's a gigantic pain in my to do things. We're going to try and fix them, and then we can make this tooling available to others so that we can accelerate crypto native, NFT native education. So that's the on chain part, and then the metaverse part is similar, and it's half education, half metaverse. What is the modality that's going to work in a 3d environment? And I was hoping we would have done more during this course, but we just couldn't keep up. Like, for example, we teach the classes in there, and people seem to like talking to others when they're avatars, right? But so far we've gone in to something like this interface with the PowerPoint showing. When I been teaching, I haven't gone in as an avatar. I feel I should. So that's probably next semester. The other thing that we were hoping to build are social spaces for the students. Where do they hang out and talk about these things? Afterwards or make communities to organize. Didn't manage to do that as well because we got stuck on building, quote unquote, the quote unquote campus. These are, I would call where we are on this, I don't know where I was in some other things a year, year and a half ago. And so they're very early experiments at a minimum. Nobody but their experiments with the following dynamic. If you don't care about it being on chain, you don't care about it within the metaverse, but you just want to take a course on nfts. It's the best course in the world, right? So you don't have to care about any of these things. You'll still learn a bunch about nfts in the metaverse and see great people talking about their experiences. But what I'm trying to solve isn't that part per se, is trying to think how you can do something fully on chain. And that, you know, it's really interesting, right? Because if you go do a MOOC from Stanford, you're going to go in a lot of databases, get that moved on, the learning management system, some type of CRM, probably, probably some type of student information system and possibly some accounting system. How are you going to get built? How do you get this to operate on chain? And if people are, because they're like, oh, I believe in decentralization. I'm going to spend all my important life activities in centralized databases. We haven't done anything. So I think we can see the pathway now for art.
Speaker B: Well, the other pathway here is clear to me. Another no brainer, obvious one is just certification.
Speaker A: Well, yeah, that's what I mean.
Speaker B: I mean at scale, everybody. I was actually speaking to the team at LinkedIn who are looking at this and they're looking at certification on chain so you can prove it. So I think that's just another big scalable thing. We've talked in the past about airline tickets and what Ticketmaster are doing with other tickets. Certification. How many millions of people get certified in all sorts of things every month?
Speaker A: Absolutely. At the end of this course, the certification that you pass the course is going to be an NFT, clearly. Right. And so when I say I hope Alexandro comes and does a photography NFT course, I hope that their certifications NFT, right. This is the type of tools I want to provide to people that this is more scalable, composable than, all right, you have to call the registrar, Stanford or Unic or whatever to find out who passed the course. Right. Why can't we compose them on chain like everything else. So. And are there challenges? You know that g money asked yesterday, they're going to be sold out. No, I don't think they should be sold out. Every one of these topics, though, right, has like 50 subtopics that come out of it. Should there be a certification on chain? Yes. Okay. How do you do it? 50 design choices show up. And so this is where I view a little bit my role in all this stuff, which is, I think I understand topics pretty well, like the on chain topics pretty well. I'm willing to experiment. I'm willing to put myself out there and try things, and maybe they'll work, maybe they won't work. It's okay. And if some of those things work well, then we can come and say, this is what everything I do, I come and say, how do I think you should do royalties? How do you think you should do allow lists? How do you think you should do certifications on chain? Wait two months, there'll be a tweet, store one and then wait another five months. Maybe they'll be like, what I propose certification should look like on chain, and all will be open and people can use or not use it. But this is what we need to develop the ecosystem. And the next couple of years are critical. Overall, I am slightly more optimistic than the last time I was shooting. And I'm slightly more optimistic because the centralized, I mean, the fact that meta has struggled and the fact that we're going into a recession with meta struggling and the fact that it's been bad for Facebook stock price right now. Now Facebook's not going to give up, right? Like, Mark's really good, but it's going to pause everyone for a year, year and a half, two years. It's harder for ten other companies to come say, I'm plowing huge amounts of money into this. Their shareholders might yell, the down market, the recession buys us a little bit of time. I know people think, oh, it's bad because of prices. I'm not sure it's bad. All the positive activity in crypto happens in bear markets.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's not negative. I mean, look how vibrant the NFT community is. Even though it's smaller, there's less scam, I've got less spam coming into my wallet. The level of interaction is still good. I don't think it's a bad thing. I think it's cleansing.
Speaker A: And generally things get built in bear markets, in bull markets, people are too busy flipping tokens. Pay attention to building. I think we might have. It's not a message to slow down. We have to go very quickly, but we might get a couple of years of doing things. And the more we can push the ecosystem forward, the more likely we get to the following. If you ask me what my overall KPI is, here's my overall KPI that any arbitrary large company that says, ooh, I want to sell people digital goods. And I say large company because if it works for large companies, I was going to work for a small company too. It is in my economic interest to make it an NFT, not a digital collectible in my private database, because the NFT ecosystem is so much more robust than my private database system is going to be. There's tooling and marketplaces and lending platforms and education and trade people and blah, blah blah blah blah blah blah, that it's in my interest to do it as an NFT. If we hit that point, it's over. Everyone will just naturally choose to do it, just like everybody.
Speaker B: Nobody has servers anymore because we all.
Speaker A: Use the cloud, nobody has private networks because we all use the Internet.
Speaker B: Yeah, right.
Speaker A: It would be sometime in the late nineties it became, because remember at and t tried to do the information superhighway that, oh, this Internet thing's really good, but it's scary and unregulated and we're at and t, we're MoBl. We're gonna give you the safe version of this, right? And we went through this with crypto, with enterprise blockchains. There was nothing I was more sure of before nfts. Then the enterprise blockchain thing wouldn't work and there was like a few years you couldn't say crypto, you had to say enterprise blockchains and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And I'm like, oh, no, this is the information superhighway stuff all over again. We're going to take this good public protocol idea and try and privatize it. By the late nineties, it was obvious that you should not launch your network presence on the AT and T's information super high, which do on the Internet, right? And anytime in everyone's more or less adult life, this has also been true. Imagine thinking you're not going to use the Internet, right? No one's going to think that. But this wasn't obvious. And I was, didn't leave in front, didn't live in France, and I'm too young to overuse it anyway. But like Minitel was a big thing, right? Like that was another, that was a private version of an Internet as a type of network run by the french government for those who don't. And nobody's developing for Minitel now, nobody has to argue to companies that they should use the Internet, not minitel, and that this is some type of hard decision, if we can get it to the point that representing digital objects as nfts as opposed to kind of private server, digital collections, collectibles, is the obviously correct answer for large companies, because large companies are the ones that can deceive themselves saying, well, I'm going to build a developer ecosystem and make my own tool. Obviously, if large companies do it, then individuals are also going to do it, small companies are going to do it, medium sized companies are going to do it. And then the fact that I think organizations and individuals have the incentive to create NFTs to represent their various intangible values through their customers can take us the rest of the way. So that by the end of the decade, we have broad crypto adoption. So we have a couple of years to make that a reality. And if it happens, I can chill out.
Speaker B: So that's my final question. How the hell have you got the time? I understand the energy, right? We're all super busy, but we've got the energy because we're enjoying it. But you're doing a lot and there's not many of you.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: How do you manage your time? You live in Europe, which helps, although you've got terrible time zone for you.
Speaker A: Well, I mean, it kind of helps if you're willing to do what I've been doing the last couple of years, which is just like work, all work, waking hours, right? So, like, you can wake up in the morning, do a bunch of stuff, all the Americans are asleep, and then like, work in the evening while the Americans are awake. And it works. But, like, I think of few things, none of them particularly insightful. One is I work a lot, right. This has not been a work life balance phase of my life, and I think it is. The reason I'm working a lot is I think it is a window of time opportunity where we can all make a difference in how the world evolves. It was not set in stone that Twitter would be a service. It could have been a protocol, and the world would have been better. It is not set in stone that the metaverse will be a Facebook project. It's not. It might end up being an open platform with nfts as the ownership layer, and then meta can have a metaverse application, and so can Disney and so can Sony. I mean, think about this. Shouldn't punk 6529 be in my wallet and I can take him into Facebook's metaverse and Disney's metaverse and the BBC's metaverse and otherside and all these other places? Yes, I think so. I think that's how it should be. I don't think punk 6529 should be linked to only one person's application, which is how it is now. And so this is this moment in time where we can maybe make that happen. And so the motivation and the energy comes from the fact it sounds kind of absurd. And it might not be true, but I think it's true. Like, we can actually change history here. Not just, hey, I'm going to work and doing a good job and having excellent professional development in my job and this type of stuff. You're not going to work all day and night for that. Professional development and accomplishment is of course, very nice, but I'm far enough along in my career that I wouldn't work this hard just for that way. I don't need to work this hard just for professional development and accomplishment. So this, the fact that you can actually change history, I think is important. And then one of the things that I'm trying to do, I want the team to be small on purpose. There's actually a point where like, oh, should we make a much bigger team? I got tempted. And I've managed large organizations with lots and lots of people, like four digits, number of people. So I know what that's like. Mostly it's painful, right? Sometimes it's inevitable, but in all cases it's painful. And they said, you know, I don't think the right answer. You know, the whole six, five to nine, like team is, I don't know, ten people or something, right? It's tiny. And they say, okay, if it's ten or if it's 100 or if it's 200, does that actually make a difference? I'm like, well, how many people does Microsoft have? Tens of thousands. Google tens of thousands, Facebook tens of thousands. All of them together, like tens of millions. So it can't be the case that it's particularly different that we're going to win or lose if we have, we would lose if we have 20 people, but we'd win if we had 100, right? If it's dependent on the number of people employed at six five to nine, and we're going to lose anyway because they have many, many more. And so this has forced me, I've kind of gone backwards in saying, okay, how should we design our initiatives that they are primarily not driven by how many people we have. It's like the meme card is a good example. The meme cards cannot succeed if it's, oh, look, we're promising a bunch of utility and we're gonna have a bunch of people like, we're not gonna organize a party for you in New York, right? That's the last thing we're gonna do, right? We're not gonna make you a hoodie. It's the last thing we're gonna do. Like all this stuff, none of that stuff's a concept, right. And so because the team is small, we lose almost no time on internal stuff. In fact, I really try to build in public. I sometimes just notify team members of things we need to do on Twitter, on my public Twitter feed. Not liking direct messages, I'm like, hey, can you do this? I don't know. It's weird. I have been way more public about the mechanics of what we're doing in this than anything ive done before in my career. The normal things you do is like, oh, we have to hide this. Its confidential information. What if our competitors find this out? And here were just going to go totally differently. Im going to think of something that I think we should do and Im just going to tweet it. Not like stamp confidential. Im going to hide in the filing cabinet. So far it seems okay. Its interesting. I don't know, maybe people are stealing our ideas. I don't know. But that doesn't seem to matter.
Speaker B: It doesn't matter because it actually adds to your KPI.
Speaker A: Yeah, right. It adds the KPI. But I don't think it's even mattered in our own effectiveness on a per head basis, I think we're super effective. Like, we're doing a lot of things on a per head basis. And so, but, okay, to really answer the question you're asking, there is a hard limit. And the hard limit is like, I sometimes need to sleep, right. And so I can't do this pace for a decade. It's impossible, right. And for the message and the mission to scale, it has to network. The network has to take it. Right.
Speaker B: You can't carry the network yourself forever.
Speaker A: No, there's one scale. It's not possible. Like, there's no important social change does not come because someone individually does things, right. And this is where, like, I'm, I'm counting quite a bit on the memes.
Speaker B: On honestly, you know, I'm going to give another perspective. Even if none of that, if all of that is a zero. I know one thing you've done, there is a big group of people at Meta, at Google, at Twitter, at every one of these organizations that has listened to what you've said and they're fighting the fight from the inside. And there's a lot of them. I mean, I've done whole presentations to the whole web three team at Google. It's big and it's a diverse and it's everywhere, and you are affecting those people. So in some way, even if your things fail, what you're doing will force the others to change. They get it.
Speaker A: Look, someone asked me this. What if Facebook said, oh, yeah, we're going to use NFTs as our way to represent visual objects? Is that a. Are you upset by that? Are you happy by that? Like, I'd be hyper thrilled by that, right? Like, that's the win, the win. And, you know, I've had these arguments on NFT Twitter. It was like, oh, man, this corporation issued an NFT. Like, nfts should just be for the independent artists and like, denounce this 6529, and I'm not going to denounce it. Right? Like, my hope is that nfts become as ubiquitous as the Internet. If they're as ubiquitous as the Internet, obviously large companies are going to use them just like large companies use Internet.
Speaker B: As long as these are interoperable and composable, then you've won, because then you can take your toys and go somewhere else.
Speaker A: Correct. That's the whole thing. And the most scalable version of getting there is if the large companies with large networks tip over. If any company that has a take Facebook because there's about 2 billion users or something, right? If Facebook decides that it's in their interest to not be a point of contention for every political issue on the planet, which was progressively going to happen, that they're better off as the application provider, not the like, censorship provider. They get there, of course they'll get there faster than I can get there. And that's great. This is what the end state looks like. The end state is not fighting Facebook. The end state is. Facebook's also doing this.
Speaker B: And in the end, let's say they win these big beer moths, but they do it on the Ethereum blockchain at the end. You'll have still made money out of it because your eth will have gone up in value.
Speaker A: Look, I am not particularly worried about trying to think of how to say this without sounding like a jerk. Right.
Speaker B: I think, I guess what you're gonna say. Go on.
Speaker A: Right. I'm not doing this because if I don't do this, I'm going to have some type of economic problem in my life.
Speaker B: No, right? We know that.
Speaker A: And I'm also not doing this. I'm not working this hard driven by economics. I wouldn't work this hard just for economics. I would trade off more lifestyle. To be quite honest. I would trade off more vacationing if it was just like, hey, 6529, you'll have some more money in your bank account, but, like, you're working every night till midnight. I don't. I'm working like, I was working when I was 22 in New York, and I had to, like, prove myself as an analyst, and I made what back then seemed like a lot of money. Made $40,000 a year seemed like awful lot of money. And, like, I was like, oh, I got to get a promotion to go to 48. And I remember that, and I'm going to work 80 hours a week and weekends and all this stuff. And, like, there I was, like, professional career. And, like, all the initial ladders. Oh, you get the. You get the new title and you. You tell your mom, look, I got promoted, and, like, I got a $5,000 bonus. I can't remember. I was so proud, right? I was 22. It was very exciting. $5,000 bonus, right? No one had given me $5,000 before then. I like, mom, I got a $5,000, and I don't know, my mom must be very sweet. She's like, oh, it's amazing. Like, okay, you got five grand, right? So I'm kind of working like that, and I've been doing crypto stuff, as we've discussed, for a decade. I believe in these principles, and this feels to me like the highest leverage opportunity I've seen since the very early days to actually drive the results that I think will lead to a better world. Right? And so it's one of these things that, of course, someone's going to jump all over this and yell at me on Twitter, oh, rich guy says he doesn't care about money. Not saying that the reason I have money is I care to some degree about my career choice about money. I work very hard to get promotions and bonuses. But, like, at this stage, it's not the primary driver, it's a secondary driver. The primary driver is this. And the faster it happens that I can take the gas off a little bit. It's a plus, not a minus. It's not like I'm sitting here saying, like, oh, I hope in ten years from now, I'm working till midnight every night. That's not exactly personally desirable.
Speaker B: No, because you're trading off quality of life, and quality of life is a very, very expensive thing. It's priceless, really.
Speaker A: Well, correct. Yeah, correct. Then you never know when you. And there's these embedded assumptions of, like, how long your life's gonna go. And sometimes it turns out not to be true. Like, I found out about someone at a professional services firm that I work with in different contexts suddenly died and, like, was middle aged, high middle aged. And I'm sure that person, like, didn't. Probably that person thought he had another 30 years of life to do things with and turned out he didn't. Right? So, I mean, the reason quality of life is very expensive is it goes. There's a tweet store about this, right? It's, life is way shorter than you think. Yeah, right? It's way shorter than you think. You make all these plans, everyone lives their life as if they have, like, infinity days to do stuff and you don't. And it always catches you by surprise at the end. And you're like, oh, wait, crap. Like, that's. Wait, it's over. And like, oh, or friends or family die. Like, oh, wait, I wanted. I was gonna do stuff with them and I didn't, and I was gonna tell them things and I didn't. Right? And one of the reasons you didn't do stuff with them or tell them things is because you're working, right? Like, I mean, this is a problem of all, like, ambitious people. Like, you spend a lot of time working and less time with your friends and family, and you always regret that part, right? Like, nothing. Nothing's free, right? Like, nothing important is free trade offs. They're all trade offs. Like, that's being an adult, unfortunately, is all trade offs. I think until my mid twenties, I used to believe that you could have it all. You could deceive yourself in thinking that because you don't have that many responsibilities. You're like, oh, I can drink with my buddies and watch the game and do my work. I'm covered. That's not how it is. Everything's a trade off. Everything costs something. And after a certain point, when there's enough money in the bank account, the thing cost isn't money per se, right? The thing that it's costing is what life experience are you getting more value from? Arguing with. Arguing in discord with people who thought they should be on the allow list or spending time with a friend? I don't know. Right now I'm arguing in discord with people.
Speaker B: I mean, I wrote a whole article on this in my global macro investor annual think piece about life experiences. You know, like, yeah, I've been very lucky. I've traveled the world, done everything, lived in different countries, done absolutely everything, met everybody. But the one thing I'm trading a lot of those things off for is the experience of this. This time. This place is magic. And it gives you a sense of mission, a sense of purpose, and a sense of excitement about a future. And I'll trade off traveling through the Amazon or climbing mountains or going across deserts or whatever for this because it's special and it's probably very meaningful, too. I think you probably feel the same way.
Speaker A: I feel exactly the same way. I keep telling people, I keep telling everyone in the NFT world who doesn't realize this, the NFT Twitter community is the bitcoin community. In the fall of 2013, I wrote.
Speaker B: A thread about the fact that I was at the ledger event in Paris recently, and it was me and Buckrender and ov, you know, Osf and these people, plus Ian, who's a cool guy and all of it. And it was like, and then there was music people and there was fashion people, and it was like, it was like being in London in the nineties when everything was there. Art, music, everything. And it's just like magical. And everyone's one degree of separation from each other right now that won't last for another two or three years.
Speaker A: This is so the part that I think that feels the most like, everyone knows everyone, right? You said Osf, and I know who OsF is. And I have a discord chat open with OSF. And if we go through all the top Nft people, we'll probably know 95% of them, which is how it was in early bitcoin. Everyone knew everyone.
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker A: There was a lot of excitement, there were a lot of interesting things happening, and it was a special time. And then we hit the bear market, which is where we're now. And again, it was really kind of quiet. And then what happened? The next bull market. Everything exploded, both not just price wise, but in, like, scope, horizontally, vertically, geographically, and in the next run up. You didn't know anyone, right? Like, it was like I couldn't.
Speaker B: And there was a new set of people that was the vitaliks and all of these other people who came out.
Speaker A: But just like, just the volume, right? Like I credibly could say in September 2013, I knew more or less everything that was happening of importance in the bitcoin world, right. I can credibly say today that I know everything of importance that happened this world and this week in NFT art in the 2026 bull market or whatever it is, there's no way that's going to be true. The brazilian NFT community will be the size of the global NFT community, and they'll be like the indian one will be ten times the size, and there'll be one just for landscape photography in Southeast Asia, which will be the size and what will happen. And some of the organizations, some of the people stayed the same. Ari Solberg was important then, he was important now all the way through. Some people have stayed the same, but the people that have stayed the same and succeeded will have become much more institutionalized by then. They'll have, like, bigger organizations, and they'll.
Speaker B: Only be accessible to the people who knew them early on.
Speaker A: Correct.
Speaker B: I know Barry because I've been in bitcoin since 2013. Now, for any random person now to get to speak to Barry is zero chance.
Speaker A: Zero chance. So I keep telling people, enjoy this time now.
Speaker B: Me too.
Speaker A: It's special. The next time around, it's going to feel in the version of the bull market, wherever it makes a lot of money. That's wonderful. It's also going to feel colder. It's not going to be this like, oh, look, it's Cath and it's bats and it's beetle and it's accent. It's going to be colder. And so part of what I think is it sounds like it's the same thing happening with you because I lived it, enjoyed it, and then I know it's going to go away at some point, and it feels that way again. They say, oh, okay, let's enjoy this. It's not going to be this style for a decade. It's going to be this style for maybe another couple of years. It will be in this style now. So long as we have a bear market, it will go away. In the next mega bull NFT market will go away. Yeah.
Speaker B: And so the point being, going back to the original point is it is a lot of fun when it all feels like this and you've got all the energy in the world for it. But when it becomes bland and it becomes about business, because next time it's going to be huge corporate stuff and less interesting, the energy will go a little bit, but maybe the metaverse is the next phase of the energy. But let's see. But listen, my friend, as ever, fantastic conversation. Really enjoyed it.
Speaker A: It was a pleasure, as always. I think in the spring, we need to get you on the unit course, and then we can flip the script, and I can harass you with questions always around. And, yeah, I'll see you out there on Twitter and in discord and in the metaverse and all over the place.
Speaker B: All right, my friend, great to see you, and good luck with everything.
Speaker A: All right, thank you.
Speaker B: Get some sleep. My takeaways from this interview are a how much 6529 is doing and his team and how they're driven by the mission of how important it is to get this done and how they think they can make a difference. And I think it matters. I think it matters, and I think it. It's profoundly important for the future of our humanity to have a different way of operating online. And there is so much to learn from his philosophical standpoint, let alone his execution, and also take away that he's asking you to build on top of what he's doing, and you should do that if you want to build metaverse experiences, if you want to get involved with his memes or get involved with education, there's the opportunities to drive this space forward, or even just to learn more about it. So another phenomenally good interview. So much in there, I'm gonna have to watch it three times to get my head around it all. I think you probably will, too. Anyway, I hope you enjoyed it.
