Speaker A: Whoa. Landing an account this big will totally change my landscaping business. It's gonna mean hiring more guys and more equipment and new trucks for the new guys to drive the new equipment in. I don't know if I'm ready. You can do this. And Ford Pro finsimple can help. Our experts are ready to make growing pains less painful for your business with flexible financing solutions that meet the needs of your business today when you need them. Get started@fordpro.com.
Speaker B: Financing it's crypto summer, which means it's festival season at real vision. We're getting ready for the next festival of learning in partnership with Kraken. It's taking place April 18 and 19, and the theme is Don't f up alts, memes and nfts. Yep, there's a big world of digital assets beyond bitcoin and ETH, with lots of opportunity and lots of risk. We'll be bringing a ton of timely and actionable knowledge from speakers including Raoul Powell, Sergio Silva, Kevin Kelly, OSF, and more. It's completely free to attend. Just go to realvision.com festivaloflearning to get the details and save your seat. We'll see you there.
Speaker C: Hello, everybody, and welcome to day one of our festival of learning. We kick things off with Raoul giving his thoughts on where the market's at and where it's going. It's chart heavy, so get ready. Then later on, Sergio Silva joins Ash for a three ideas episode, all about the Solana ecosystem. And then we end the day by unlocking the first episode of our next series for Crypto Academy, all about how tas think and do their work. We kick it off with Carpe Nocturne. Enjoy the day, everybody.
Speaker A: Join me, Raoul Pell, as I go on a journey of discovery through the macro, crypto, and exponential age landscapes. In the journeyman, I talk to the smartest people in the world so we can all become smarter together. Hi, everyone. Now, as ever, when I do a presentation like this, I'm speaking on behalf of not real vision, but of myself, Raoul pal from global macro investor and also from exponential age, the asset management firm that I have at crypto funder funds that a lot of this research is from. So you'll see Xpam charts in here, just so that you know. Now, to set this up, you're all here for the festival of learning, and it's all generally about crypto and how we look at crypto and macro together to give us what we're looking for. And I'm trying to teach you how I look at this. And there's a lot in this. There's gonna be a lot of charts to run through, but I think it'll give you a very cohesive picture. And what I want to get across to you today, this is the biggest macro opportunity of all time. I've basically dedicated a lot of my life to this trade now. And many, many others in the space, particularly macro players, have basically just given up trading other instruments and just gone towards crypto. Because the world driven by the everything code is basically all one trade. The debasement of currency by the central banks, and therefore you want to own the best performing asset. And if the world is that simple, it really does make things much easier for us. Now, this is not for everybody. Not everybody wants to take the kind of risks, but this will give you a very good idea of why this is the biggest macro trade of all time. Now, when I first wrote about it in GMI back in 2012 or 13, I said it then and I stupidly should have just dropped everything and just done this one trade, but I didn't. But really, I've been in it full time since 2020. The sell off in 2022 was the opportunity I was looking for to add to the trade. I don't believe that. If you've got a long term view, you should really try trade around it. You should just keep compounding. But others think differently to that. And I don't know what I'll do this time around. I'll probably take some lifestyle chips off and continue to run the trade. This trade is the biggest macro trade of all time. And it's not just about this cycle. It probably goes into 2030 and maybe well beyond that. So it's a big one. So anyway, pay attention everybody. I'm going to start to go through the charts of why this is the biggest macro trade in history. Firstly, I'm going to start with the everything code. The everything code is the proprietary thesis that we built at global macro investor that we actually now run our portfolio for Xpanous, you know, investing in the very best hedge funds. We use this everything code as the basis. And it's the one where I discover that the debasement of currency is kind of everything and how it's very cyclical and it's understandable and forecastable as far as we can tell. Obviously things can change. Nothing is a pure perfection. But I think this is right and it seems to be proving itself outright. So firstly, we observe that over time, the trend rate of GDP growth has been falling in the United States and all around the world. Current trend rate of GDP growth is about 1.75%. Why is it falling? If you remember, trend rate of GDP is driven by three key factors. One, population growth two, productivity growth three, debt growth. So let's address these three factors. Firstly, let's have a look at productivity. Productivity has been declining over time as the workforce has been aging, and that lowers the trend rate of GDP. Debt, on the other hand, has been rising. But what we find is that household debt growth actually stops in 2008 because the banks just stopped lending to people. So it's just harder to accumulate debt. Also, corporates have also been paying off debt and have really not been growing as fast as GDP. But really a lot of the debt growth is now driven by the central banks. As we all know. Currently the US is running massive deficits and is financing it by issuing yet more debt. And we'll come on to that in a minute. But the key thing here, the thing that drives everything for the everything code and the world around us, the return on assets, the inflation, everything is driven by demographics. So here's the working age, population aged 1564, trend rate of growth. It's been declining over time. As the population ages, those people are less productive. The older you get, the less productive you are. They had borrowed debts in their early years and now a debt tapped out. So this explains a lot, and I've talked a lot about this on real vision in the past, but we can also project forwards. And if you remember my piece about the retirement crisis, I've been introducing this chart for a while, which is the labor force participation rate versus the births deaths rate. Sorry. This is the births rate going forwards by 14 years. And obviously the birth rate drives how many people in the labor force over time. And it suggests that participation of the labor force should continue to fall over time. Now we've had some pickup as part time workers have come back into the workforce because people don't have enough money. And we'll see some of that too. But over time we're going to see the labor force participation rate falling because the replacement of new people in the population is not as much as people leaving the workforce. And that is the problem that slows economies. It's affected Japan, now affecting China, South Korea, Taiwan and most of Europe. So anyway, that is the megatrend. But this mega trend has some special qualities. When you strip everything out, and I keep saying demographics is everything, you find that the labor force participation rate is exactly mirrored by us government debt as a percentage of GDP. So what it says is as the less people in the labor force, the economy slows, but there's all of the services to pay for. For the old people, the government debt increases. That correlation is stunning, and that is an incredibly powerful chart to understand the world we live in today, why governments keep issuing debt, and eventually why they end up having to print money to solve it. It's all a function of population. So what they do with that debt is they add liquidity into the system. That's the debasement of currency that I've talked about. And you can see the correlation between fed net liquidity and the us government debt as a percentage of GDP. They're basically the same thing. Yes, the scaling is different, but overall the trend is the same. So they're using liquidity to pay for the growth in debt by debasing the currency. It's called financial repression. Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back. Hi, you. Hey. Listen, if you're enjoying this, come and see me on the YouTube channel, Raoul pal, the journeyman. Sign up there. Get everything I ever do. See you there. The other stark thing that we found in the everything code is actually the real mechanism is that most of the government debt increase is just paying interest on existing debts. They're not actually borrowing a lot more to invest in the economy. It's basically servicing of old debts. And so there is a very strong correlation between the interest payments from the previous cycle and then the liquidity for this cycle. So that is, they issue new debt, it comes up for renewal. They have, they've already been issuing new debt again this cycle. So to pay for the interest payments from the last cycle, they debased the currency via the Fed liquidity. So they're increasing liquidity into the system. Now, look at that curve. That's the expected path here, driven by the interest payments from the pandemic debt, which was a huge increase in debt. Now, this debt keeps compounding, obviously, because you're adding debts on top of debts, on top of debts, on top of interest payments. So I don't expect it to play out fully like this, but we should expect a big increase in liquidity going forwards. And that's crucial to the theory. You see, look at that trend of total liquidity. Think of it again in a different world. That is the ongoing trend of debasement of currencies, that when you debase the currency gives you an optical illusion that asset prices are rising. So this chart of the Nasdaq versus the total liquidity index shows how correlated they are. It's actually 97.5% correlation. Now, the Nasdaq actually outperforms this because it's a secular trend, but this debasement explains almost all of the movements of all assets over time, which is why everything is so correlated. Yes, some things lead, some things lag, but this is the crucial chart to understand the answers to the demographics is more debt. The demographics is causing a slower economy. And to get over that, they issue more liquidity, debase the currency to pay for it. That makes asset prices right. This is the everything code, and it's really important. You see, most people don't understand that. This is the global liquidity index from all the major central banks. It's growing at an 8% annualized rate. Now, once you add in global inflation, and let's call global inflation about 4%, you've got a 12% hurdle rate for any investment. Now, that's pretty staggering, because if you think about the S and P 500, it does about 12% a year. So, basically, you're not getting ahead by doing it. Your savings aren't accruing future value, just present value. This 12% hurdle rate is a huge problem for people. If you don't understand it, you are basically getting poorer if you don't hit your 12%. So if you're just investing in bonds and think it's a good idea to get the 5% interest, well, actually, your future self is getting poorer. So when we look at global equities versus the total liquidity index, we've seen that since 2008 from the crisis, when they started printing money, it collapsed, but then it's been sideways ever since. So they've basically offset the balance sheet, but done no better. And if we took it from 2007, before the big printing started, it's actually lost 2.54% a year versus the debasement. So you've been poorer for owning equities, generalized global equities, than the debasement itself. So that's cost you money. When we talk about crypto, I use the charts of bitcoin here. Because bitcoin has the longest price history. It, too, is stunningly correlated with global liquidity. You see, bitcoin has an 87.5% correlation, not as high as the Nasdaq, because, as you can see, it's the periods of outperformance that lowers that correlation. When we start to get full mania cryptomania cycles that you get in this exponential asset because it is a much more exponential curve, because it's driven by tech adoption, and we'll come onto that in a second as well. But you can see that liquidity is the driver of bitcoin plus technology. But when I look at bitcoin versus global liquidity, it's outperforming the debasement by 105% a year. I mean, that's a staggering difference versus global equities, which are not doing anything at all and are probably negative. That's a huge, huge difference in your future purchasing power, which is why this is such an important asset. And again, I'll come onto more of this in a bit, but we've ascertained that technology stocks are in a secular bull market. They're 97.5% correlated, but they've been rising very well over time. However, when you look at Nasdaq versus bitcoin, this is a crucial chart. So Nasdaq is the best performing equity market in the world, essentially. But when you look at it versus bitcoin, since this period of debasement, Nasdaq has underperformed by 99.93%. Just wrap your head around that and it doesn't stop. It's underperforming by 45% a year. And as you can see, we're going to break to new lows. And this chart will just continue as bitcoin and crypto eat the world. It's something I call the supermassive black hole. I look at bitcoin charts versus every asset, and they're all the same. They're all down 99.9 something percent. Then I look at relative values between bitcoin and ethereum, or bitcoin and solana. And that's where you get to choose what you think the fastest horse is. That's why I chose Solana this cycle. But basically, crypto is the supermassive black hole, the asset that appreciates faster than anything else, and on a risk adjusted basis, too. So what's driving this? Well, what's driving this is obviously the debasement of currency. But why the other 105% excess returns versus that? Well, it's this chart. This is starting the Internet at 5 million IP users and crypto at 5 million wallets, active wallets. So, yes, I know that neither of them are perfect measures, but I'm not looking for perfection, I'm looking for understanding. And what we saw is the Internet, which was the fastest adoption of technology the world had ever seen. It grew 76% a year and then slowed down after year eight to 43% a year. Crypto has been growing at 137% a year. It's now at 516 million users versus 187 million of the Internet at the same stage. And then what we did is assume that crypto just slows down its growth to the same as the Internet. I don't think that's going to happen. I think it'll be faster. But it gets, by 2025, the end of 2025, we get to 1.1 billion users. So that'll be double the pace that the Internet grew. And because this is a network and the tokens are at your participation in the network, they go up a lot. It's as simple as that. It's Metcalfe's law. So when you've got the biggest technological trend of any asset class in all of history, you're going to make a lot of money. If that trend continues, this is why it's the biggest macro trend of all time. But it goes on. If we look out further using the Internet adoption growth, and we slow down the trend rate of growth of crypto to the same as the Internet going forwards, we get to 4 billion users by 2030. That's half the world's population. Now, will this be perfect? It's been pretty perfect so far, and I've been showing this chart for five years now, but let's assume not. Either way, these numbers are simply staggering. And that's why you get that log chart of bitcoin over time, because it's the adoption curve is what you're seeing, which is why the sell offs, even though they sound terrifying, down 75%, are just blips in the overall trend. And over time, it just keeps compounding growth. You see, to show how starkly this compounds growth, this chart of all of the asset markets since 2011, I think is hilarious. So you've got the usual Nasdaq, blah blah blah. So we can look, ignore the top three for a second. Nasdaq 17%, beating the debasement, that 12% number, and compounded 800% since 2011. That's a fucking good investment. What a great investment the Nasdaq's been. Then we go up, look at the top bitcoin. Bitcoin every three years is the worst performing asset. The next three years in a row, it's the best performing asset in the world. And even with the drawdowns, those scary drawdowns everybody hates, it's compounded 20 million% returns since we started talking about bitcoin on real vision. In 2014, it's up $450,000 thousand percent. Its annualized return is 139%. Thats mind blowing. Weve never ever in history been given an asset like this. But when you go out the risk curve a bit to newer crypto, getting up the risk curve, getting up the adoption curve, well, in 2016, out comes Ethereum. Out of the gate, monster returns, huge drawdowns. Compounding returns 364,000%, annualized at 149%, which is better than bitcoin. Solana came last cycle, again came out of the gate, fell 94%. What are the compounded returns? 7713%, which is 200% a year. So there is no asset class in all of history that's ever performed like this, even with the drawdowns. This is why I keep saying to people, you just want to buy and hold them. And if you can make the right switch amongst the big ones, as the next big network gets adoption, you'll make even more compound returns. This is the biggest gift we've ever been given as investors, and it's the biggest macro trade of all time. Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker D: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what with each vendor. Ramp software collects and verifies receipts instantly to save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments. Time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get $250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy ramp.com easy ramp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank and Celtic bank members have Vic terms and conditions apply.
Speaker A: Let's go back to the risk reward topic. Here's Yuri and Timmer's chart that I've stolen from him, which is on the left is all of the bubbles of risk, rewards of assets, and how they look pretty typical. And this is how asset allocators think about it. But when you add in bitcoin, you end up with a massive blank page with at the very top right, this fucking alien risk reward, which is bitcoin crypto is a complete alien in terms of performance and risk reward. This chart includes the drawdown of 2022. So you see, again, I keep saying it's a gift, and people still don't really understand what a gift it is. It's something unlike anything we've ever had in history, and it gives us a hell of a chance to make money. So, to sum up what the biggest macro trade of all time is, it's crypto going from 2.7 trillion where we are today, to, let's say, 12 trillion by the end of this cycle, and onto 100 trillion within ten years. And you've got to understand, this would be the fastest accumulation of an asset class in all recorded history in the shortest period of time. It'll have driven the highest returns of any asset class in all of recorded history in the shortest period of time, in fact, in any period of time. And it will be the fastest accumulation of wealth the world has ever seen in the shorter period of time. If we go and generate 90 odd trillion in wealth in the next ten years, to put that number in perspective, because we're all getting bored of such big trillion numbers. That is, the S and P 500 is $50 trillion. That is, the accumulated worth of all the companies that have succeeded and failed and grown over time, driven by the us economy over the last hundred years, is 50 trillion. It's double that. And you're going to do it in ten years. It's a global wealth shock on a scale never seen before in history. It's like all of the baby boomers coming in and saving all at the same time. In ten years, their entire life savings, plus all of China coming in from the WTO as that opened, and the wealth that generated, plus India opening up, plus all the Russians added together and probably doubled. Right? This is the scale of what could happen here. Assume Raul is a moron. It's always a good thing to do. Maybe I'm wrong. Discount me by 50%. Discount me by 75%. It's still at 25 trillion. It's one of the largest increases in global wealth the world will have ever seen. This is why it's the big macro opportunity. This is why so many of my friends and colleagues, famous macro people, have just walked out of the old world, into the new world. Because it's like, this is the big one. Macro people look for the big trade. It was the subprime crisis, all of that. But the returns coming out of this space dwarf all of those opportunities added together. Gone are the days where an incredible macro year would be pulled Tudor Jones up 100%. People in crypto get that regularly. That's a pretty lackluster year. And in fact, you expect to see several hundred percent. So look, it's mind blowing. Anyway, that's enough of the dreamspeak. Let's get on to the liquidity cycle and how it's driven. You need to understand that. So liquidity is cyclical, as I explained before. Here's the chart, the dot chart of the correlation between global liquidity and bitcoin. Very tight 87% correlation. So we know that, we also know that we can construct a global macro investor, a lead for liquidity. It exactly caught the low in Q 420 22. That's when we doubled down and went super long. Technology and crypto, because that was the bottom. That's when everybody else was getting Max bearish. We got Max bullish using liquidity. The only other person who really uses it in the same way is Mike Howell, and he does some great work as well. But we've really gone down the macro crypto. We have more macro crypto understanding a global macro investor than certainly anybody else in the world and how this all links together. And I won't show all of it now, but I'll show you some. So that was the low that we chose in Q 420 22. All cataloged in GMI, all cataloged in real vision pro macro. You know, we do everything else in the open. So this is not us saying, oh, yeah, we bought it, wink wink. No, we did. It's all cataloged. Anybody who subscribes to those services know well what we did. And since then it's been 304%. Now, what's interesting is the everything code helps us understand how to forecast liquidity into the future. Again, we're not expecting perfection, but you're expecting the cycles to play out. So here's the ISM with a 15 month lead and the global liquidity. Why the ISM leads is because it's actually inverted there. It's because the business cycle keeps repeating because of the debt refi cycle I've talked so much about. So what we are is it confirms some of the other charts I showed you before. We should start to see global liquidity pickup going to election years. That is very typical. We've got the commercial real estate to deal with. We've got how the hell are they going to keep issuing bonds to pay the interest when bond yields aren't coming down? Something's got to give, and liquidity is going to give it to them. So we know it's coming. We just don't know how. It could be in a new mechanism, which is the Basel IV agreement, which allows, which forces banks to hold more treasuries. There can be a number of ways we do this. We will also maybe see a massive release of the treasury general account over the election period. That's possible, too. We don't know where it's going to come from. It's unlikely to come from straight quantitative easing, because everybody knows what that is now. So they'll find ways of obscuring what they're doing, which is making you poorer. They're basically taxing you every year by about 8% by debasing the currency. In fact, the Fed have actually been debasing faster than others at some 15% a year if you just use the balance sheet. But anyway, let's use that global number. We're also starting to get the rate cutting cycle coming in. Now. Rate cutting doesn't actually go into the liquidity, but it's part of the things that show you that the central banks want to move towards liquidity. We've just started. The cutting cycle started in Latin America with Brazil. We're starting to see it across Europe, we're starting to see it elsewhere. And the next two years will be the feature of cutting rates. Sure, maybe rates don't go as low as they were before. Maybe there's only a few rate cuts, if you remember. Well, many of you won't. But 1994 was the bond market blow up. The Fed raised rates a lot. Everybody blew up. Banks went under very similar to 2020, 219, 95. Everybody expected the Fed to cut rates several times. They actually only cut them twice, 75 basis points in two goes, and then went on hold for years, essentially. Now, most pundits in the market say, well, if they don't cut rates as much as the market was expecting, it's going to be terrible. Answer was bank. Then the stock market rose 150% before super accelerating on a rate cut in 1998. And we got the Nasdaq bubble at the end of that. So I don't see any issue. Markets like stability, and if they cut rates a bit because J PAl needs to, they're going to have to figure some other way of doing the interest payments, of paying the interest payments. And what will happen is markets will continue to rise. It's liquidity. Okay, so let's forecast our liquidity a bit further using the everything code. So we saw that chart before. This is ISM going forwards. Last time I showed you the ISM versus liquidity here's ISM going forwards, which says the business cycle is going to rise. This is why currently cyclical stocks, commodities are rising, because the ISM is starting to pick up. But we can also forecast it out, and it gives us a peak in global liquidity in September 2024. So this year we'll see a peak. Don't worry, a peak is not a peak of markets. This is a year over year rate of change. We don't end up getting to negative liquidity until December 2025. So this is why I think this cycle runs between now and it started in 2022, sometime in 2025, somewhere probably towards the latter end. Normally the crypto market end in December. Maybe it comes a bit sooner. We'll have to be on alert for that. But basically, this is how we see liquidity playing out. Again, don't expect perfection. I'm not expecting to be perfect, but it'll give you a pretty decent idea. You don't need a massive liquidity cycle either. You don't need 2020 to drive these things up. You just need liquidity to be positive and stay positive for markets to work their magic. Now, those forecasts, if I use the log channel of global liquidity, using the everything code forecast doesn't look unreasonable. Doesn't look unreasonable at all. Now, it might not get to two standard deviations. Maybe it's one standard deviation, like it got to in 2017. Remember the crypto market then? That was La La land 2013. One standard deviation. A complete wild crypto market. So again, you don't need the massive liquidity, you just need liquidity. And so that's where we think it might go. Let's see how it plays out. That corresponds with the log channel in bitcoin, obviously, and that would give us something like a forecast of around 270,000 by the end of this year. Again, please don't hang on to my forecast. Say rattle pal forecast 270,000 this year. That's not what I'm trying to do here. What I'm trying to do is contextualize stuff for you and say, listen, between now and the end of the year, it's going up a decent amount. Is it 150,000? Is it 250,000? Is something in the middle? I don't know, and I don't really care, and nor should you. People get too hung up on forecasts when this asset is just going up over time. Anyway, it means this year will be a very strong year and we can plug in some forecasts. And I don't like giving these out to people, because people again, will take this out of perspective. They will say, Raoul pal forecast $400,000 bitcoin headline. That's bullshit. What I'm saying is using our model, we see significant continued upside into 2025, where then liquidity starts falling. And so sometime around the second half of the year, we will see a topping pattern in bitcoin and therefore crypto. And it suggests that it should be strong. Even if you halve my targets, not targets, halve the analysis that comes out of the model, thats still a great year. Thats my point. Please do not tell me that Im forecasting $400,000 bitcoin. Im not going to take that because people deal with it irresponsibly and that's not the right thing. I'm just saying it's going up a lot. Also, fed liquidity is the driver of the ETH bitcoin cross, which is a proxy for altcoin season. Now, it's very interesting because we're now coming into the halving, and it was roughly at this point back in 2020 that ETH started bottoming versus bitcoin and then took a while to base and then went up like a rocket ship for the entire next year. I managed to capture that entire trend. And its very normal for crypto summer, spring for bitcoin to outperform. And then as we come into crypto summer that were transitioning into now, ETH starts to outperform bitcoin. This is a terribly unpopular thing to say because people say, well, ETH is dead. It's a dead chain, it's not working, blah, blah, blah, blah. Just wait, have patience. You'll see. Will it outperform Solana? I very much doubt it. Solana's earlier in the adoption curve, so it means the percentage changes are larger. So that's how I see it. With that, you can see the start of crypto spring, which was the breakout of this pattern and the slight acceleration. That's as we're getting to warmer days of spring, as it were. But really, summer happens when you break the previous all time high in market cap and things go utterly bananas. So this is exotherm. So this is the rest of the space really starting to accelerate. And sometime in 2024, we will hit all time high market cap of altcoins, and this chart will go truly into the banana zone, which I know is a very fun time. People lose their fucking minds in this period, and I'm urging you to remember my rules about don't use leverage, keep top three, top five market cap tokens if you are going to go out the risk curve, do it with 10% of your capital or less. Just be careful out there. Don't fuck this up. This is a gift, but you can screw it up by getting greedy, getting fomo, and doing stupid shit you shouldn't do. Just don't do that. If you want to have some fun, catch an old coin season. Do it with your 10%. Who knows, you might make a ten x on it. Chances are you'll end up with a bunch of embarrassing stuff in your wallethood that goes to zero over time. That's the way it works. But your Eth Solana bitcoin held it just fine. Okay, let's talk about crypto summer just in a very simplistic terms. Here's the chart of the seasons. So spring is green. We had a great spring this year. Summer is when a lot of the gains start to happen. Four was tricky last time around. We got a stunted cycle. If you remember, that kind of double top y style thing was highly unusual. 2017 2013 were more typical, obviously, of the fall season, and so we don't know how this one's going to play out. I think it plays out more like 2013 2017, but it's all assessing the odds as we go. But right now, this is the easy year, the summer. So we should just better set it, forget it, and let the gains accumulate. And then very soon, very soon, like in the next month, next month and a half, we will start to hit the banana zone. And this is what happens when you hit the banana zone, things get absolutely wild, which is the really magical part of why this is the greatest macro trade of all time, is this part, and it's coming. Will it look the same as others? Who knows? Some have been absolutely crazy, others were more difficult, like the last cycle. But that's usually what happens when we hit altcoin season. From summer and then into fall, things get really, really exciting. Now at exponential age. Asset management, I won't talk much about that, is we actually build a whole portfolio allocation of where we want to be on the risks curve using lots of factors that Julian Bissell has put together from the everything code, valuation, percentiles, volatility, where we are in alt season, different measurements of all of this, these nine different things, and then give it a total score. Right now we're at 9.2 out of ten, so almost at max risk taking, but we're not there yet because we haven't got, we're not fully into summer, but that day will come and we allocate to managers accordingly. This kind of risk scoring is just a summary of what I've been talking about is right now this is the time to take risk. Don't use leverage. Be careful what you own. Have fun out there, and do it right. So hopefully what I've done here is try and teach you why this matters, why you should, in this specimen of learning, listen to other people and learn some skills, how not to fuck this up, which is crucially important because you're being given a gift, why it's such a big gift, how ridiculous the returns have been over time and are likely to be going forward. Obviously there's no guarantee, but I don't see anything changing how the everything code plays into this, how the refinancing of debts every four years creates a four year cycle that happens to correspondence with the bitcoin halving cycle and the us presidential election cycle, how that breaks down into different seasons, how liquidity plays into this and how demographics play into it, and how liquidity is being used to debase your currency, making your future self poorer. Then ive shown you how crypto fits into your portfolio to offset not only the debasement, it's a life raft for your asset, but it also happens to be an asset that goes up more than any other asset of all. And this is not funny, Internet money. It's actually driven by macro, it's driven by the business cycle, like all other assets are. It's driven by the liquidity cycle, which happens to be, we think, pretty forecastable. Yes, it gives some crazy numbers for performance. And again, they're not my targets. I don't really care where it gets to in price, because the next cycle it's going to be higher, and the cycle after that higher. Even if the returns lower over time, maybe they don't. There's a big thesis out there that we will get tapering returns, and the log channel of bitcoin is the wrong way to look at it. I don't see any evidence of that in the Nasdaq. That's been a powerful log channel for a very long time now. I don't see any reason why you need to get lower returns, but maybe we do. I'll worry about that when we get to 4 billion users. So in a nutshell, this space is going from 2.7 trillion in market cap. It'll get to something like 1012 trillion in this cycle. It'll then have an inevitable bear market, whether it's as big as the previous bear markets or not. We can't tell. We've now got new participants putting in their 401k money every two weeks. Maybe they all panic out. Nobody knows. But it doesn't matter because those sell offs are the opportunity. If you can take some lifestyle chips off, protect yourself in the great crazy days later this year, and then you're fine, then you can run it if you want to. You don't have to. I will. And then you can add into the bear market when everybody's scared because you've got a plan. This is the plan. This is the framework that you need to have confidence. Just keep going. Anyway, as I always say, good luck out there. The biggest macro trend of all time. Let's see if we can be part of this generation, this generating of wealth, the, let's say, 90 something trillion of wealth that's going to come, because that will truly change your life and your family's life. All right, take care.
Speaker D: We hope you enjoyed this episode at real vision. We arm you with expert knowledge, time efficient tools and a powerful network to help you succeed on your financial journey. Get a taste of financial freedom with our free offer at real vision. Free. That's realvision.com free.
