Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling wherever you sell. With Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your dollar one per month trial period@shopify.com. tech all lowercase, that's Shopify.com dot.
Speaker B: Join over 20,000 attendees for the world's largest crypto event Tokin 2049 Singapore on the 18th to the 19 September Balaji, Srinivasan, Solanaz, Anatoli, Arthur Hayes and over 250 others will hit the stage as Tokin 2049 takes over the iconic Marina Bay sands in Singapore. With over 500 side events during Tolkien 2049 week, Singapore will transform into a crypto hub from the 16th to the 22 September, capped off by after 2049 and the Formula one Grand Prix race weekend. Everyone will be there. This is the one event you can't miss this year. Visit realvision.com token 2049 for 15% off. Tickets only with the code realvision link.
Speaker A: In description hi, I'm Raoul Powell and welcome to my show, the Journeyman. The journeyman, as you know by now, is my journey to that nexus of macro, crypto and the exponential age of technology. Now, on this channel and on the real vision platform, I often include some great interviews of me because I know a lot of you follow me across social media and you want to get some of my thoughts. And so often I will find if there's a really great podcast I've been on, I'll make sure it's on the channel to allow you guys to find it easy to get to. Now this one that I've got for you today is a real treat. It's a two and a half hour interview with me when I was in Singapore with Kevin Filonier from when Shift Happens podcast, which is a fantastic podcast. Kevin is a really brilliant interviewer. I really loved this. I loved doing it. It was a lot of fun and it gives you insights into me and my life and how I think about things. It's more than just the usual interview and I think you guys will all probably enjoy it a lot. Now, those of you who are watching two things as ever. Firstly, make sure you subscribe to the channel. I'd really appreciate that if you're watching on YouTube. If you're not, then please come along to real vision, realvision.com. it's free to join. I keep explaining how incredible the experience is. There you'll find a vibrant community of tens of thousands of people in every country of the world, basically, where you can connect with each other, share trade ideas with each other, see each other's trade ideas. There's an AI to help you understand some of the concepts. There is the usual charting and analytics and all of the other stuff that you need. But it's a really great place for a conversation like this. You can get the AI to summarize it and make notes. You can store those notes so you can refer back to it from any learnings that you've got from this interview. It's a superpower. Taking notes has been a superpower for me in my investing journey. Two things that really work at taking notes and the real vision platform allows you to take your notes and organize them all in one place and share them with others if you want. And also if you find a trade idea, well, you can build the template of trade ideas where it gives you the risk reward of your trade. It monitors it in real time, you can share it with others to show your trade. The thesis behind it. You can add charts, you can add links, all sorts of stuff to build your investment thesis to hold yourself accountable. That's a key process. Why did I get into this trade? When do I get out? When do I stop myself out? When do I take profits? All of those kind of things? Anyway, I'll see you on the real vision platform, realvision.com. in the meantime, enjoy the interview. Join me, Raoul Powell, as I go on a journey of discovery through the macro, crypto, and exponential age landscapes. In the journeyman, I talk to the smartest people in the world so we can all become smarter together. That explains my entire macro thesis that I spent two and a half hours explaining. It is also everybody's hopes and dreams.
Speaker C: And it's about to happen.
Speaker A: I fucking hope so, because I will never be allowed on the Internet again.
Speaker B: Raul Pal the co founder and CEO.
Speaker A: At Real Vision, a financial knowledge and education platform.
Speaker C: He is also a key figure in the macroeconomics and crypto space with millions of followers worldwide.
Speaker A: This opportunity of a two and a half trillion dollar asset class going to $100 trillion is the largest, fastest accumulation of wealth in all human history. And it's going to happen within probably. And so if the mega trend is going from 2.5 trillion to 100 trillion, you betting on some random meme coin is not the best way to capture that trend. You will have done the opposite of the message.
Speaker C: Don't fuck this up. How do you deal with FUD, whether it's justified or not?
Speaker A: When I sold out of bitcoin in 2017, I got a lot of hatred. There were some real angry people. I never expected this or wanted this, but it's where I find myself.
Speaker C: So how does the hard working 35, 36 years old with a wife and two kids ever retire in these conditions?
Speaker A: I get stopped in the street. A guy comes over and just says, look, I just want to thank you. I'm the dean of a school. I was never going to be able to get out. I was going to work until I died. He goes, I'm retiring this year. And he's like, thank you. Okay, so it's working. That's really the mission within crypto.
Speaker C: We were pretty much all in one crypto. Solana, what's your biggest prediction for the next twelve months?
Speaker A: I didn't have to say anything else.
Speaker C: 75% of you that watch this channel frequently do not subscribe. If you like this show and think it provides value to you in your crypto investing journey, can you please, please do me a favor and subscribe to this channel? Hit the like button and leave a comment below. It helps this channel more than you can imagine. The bigger the channel, the bigger the guests and the better the conversation.
Speaker B: Thank you.
Speaker C: Today's conversation is supported by Jupiter, the most used decentralized exchange in crypto and the largest Dex by volume on Solana Mentor, a leading ethereum layer too, with more than $2 billion in total value locked and $3 billion in liquid treasury and Astar network, a scalable network connecting people to web three through entertainment, blockchain development, and community events. So let's start with the basics. Raoul Pal, welcome to the podcast. Cheers.
Speaker A: Cheers. Nothing like a glass of wine in the afternoon. It's perfect.
Speaker C: Actually, I was wondering, I was like, probably like, everyone is offering you some alcohol or some wine, so you must be like drank.
Speaker A: I've got a dinner tonight. I can have a little nap. I'll be fine. I can enjoy a glass of wine.
Speaker C: Do I have a hard stop?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker C: No. Okay. Amazing. What is your mission?
Speaker A: Well, everyone's got lots of missions in life. My main mission is to live life to its fullest and take advantage of the opportunity that life skips. But I've learned that I'm in a privileged position of what my experience has been, what I see and what I can do. And so I just want to bring as many people along as possible in that journey. And what is that journey? That journey can be life itself. It can be experience, or it can be the financial journey. That kind of this whole world is opening up to us. And just helping people do that, I think, is amazing. I get stopped in the street in every country in the world, and people just say, thank you. Last night, I was at a real vision event. A guy comes over and just says, look, I just want to thank you. And there was a bunch of people. There were finance people and kind of relatively successful people. He said, I'm the dean of a school. He said, I was never going to be able to get out. I was going to work until I died. He goes, I'm retiring this year. The guy must have been 40. And he's like, thank you. I'm like, okay, so it's working. That's really the mission, is to take people on this journey as we go. Crypto is the big journey. Obviously, the whole finance thing is big. It's all part of the same thing. But this opportunity of a $2.5 trillion asset class going to $100 trillion is the largest, fastest accumulation of wealth in all human history. Even if I'm a total moron, I'm wrong by 50%. It's still larger than the entire market cap of the s and P. That took 100 years to build in value, and it's going to happen within probably eight years. And so I don't want people to come to me and say, why didn't we participate? They succeeded and we didn't. I'm like, here it is. Here's the first global homogeneous asset that is fractionizable, that everybody can put 10% of their earnings in. It's the gift you've all been waiting for. So this is the one.
Speaker C: Why should people listen to you?
Speaker A: They shouldn't. They should make their own choice. I don't claim to be prophetic. I don't claim to know more than anybody else. I've just got my perspectives, and I've been wrong and I've been right over time. I tend to be quite right with these things, but not always so they shouldn't. So I'm not coming into this to say, I always say I'm not a guru. I'm on the same journey. My podcast is called the Journeyman because I'm taking people on the journey with me as I'm learning.
Speaker C: You say I'm not a guru?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Who are you?
Speaker A: I'm a guy fortunate enough to be gifted a certain way of seeing the world. And I don't know if I learned it or I had it. Maybe it's from my background from traveling so much as when I was young. Parents from different countries, living in different countries, I don't know, but I just see the world visually and I see future paths. And then I honed that. That's what gravitated me towards macro. It's like, this is how my brain works. Give me a spreadsheet. I'm miserable. Hate it. Give me a really complex thing where I can see it in my head in like a 3d puzzle and I can do it. So it just so happens that for some reason I just got this ability from somewhere and it seems to work. Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear away from our partners. We'll be right back. Hi, you. Hey, listen, if you're enjoying this, come and see me on the YouTube channel. Raoul Pal, the journeyman. Sign up there. Get everything I ever do. See you there. Whoa. Landing an account this big will totally change my landscaping business. It's going to mean hiring more guys and more equipment and new trucks for the new guys to drive the new equipment in. I don't know if I'm ready. You can do this. And Ford Pro finsimple can help. Our experts are ready to make growing pains less painful for your business with flexible financing solutions that meet the needs.
Speaker C: Of your business today when you need them.
Speaker A: Get started@fordpro.com. financing.
Speaker C: How did you realize that? What's the moment you realize, hey, macro is for me, because macro is not something that your parents will tell you, hey, start playing piano or playing the flute or whatever, or play tennis, right when you're young.
Speaker A: I first started thinking it was finance I wanted to get into. I wanted to be on the trading desk, get on the sales desk, and I was doing that. And you're trying to make sense of the world. I had learned before I got into a bank technical analysis, working for a company that was like Bloomberg or Reuters of the day called Teller eight. I learned technical analysis and I was teaching people, and it's very visual. You can see markets, you can see behavior, you can see what's going on. But I started being introduced to a couple of clients that were macro thinkers, and it just clicked. And then I had a few macro clients and I moved the whole team. We got poached by NatWest. We're a firm called James Capel, which was the broken arm of HSBC. We got poached by NatWest, big english bank. And when we arrived, 150 people from Morgan Stanley arrived at the same time. And it was basically a takeover of the derivatives equity derivatives by Morgan Stanley's team. This was the best equity derivative team in the world, bar none, that had more revenue than anybody else. And I remember the guy, the new head of equity derivatives, who hadn't hired me, I got hired by somebody else. He just came and said, okay, raoul, we're restructuring. There is no real job of the job you had before because it's a much bigger business now. He said, what do you want to do? I said, I want to speak to hedge funds. He said, sure, who do you want to speak to? And I just gave him the list of the top ten largest hedge funds, said these. He said, get on a plane to New York and ill introduce you to all of them.
Speaker C: How did that happen? Because if you are relatively young in your career, was there bigger opportunities? Were you at the right place at the right time?
Speaker A: This was maybe 95. This is when the macro hedge funds were all starting to become the biggest clients. This is the period of George Soros, Stan Druckenmiller, Lewis Bacon at Moore Capital, Paul Tudor Jones. This was the dream climb for anybody.
Speaker C: So would you compare that to crypto a couple of years ago where you would be able. Obviously the channels are different and the means are different. But a couple of years ago, when I got into crypto, late 18, early nineties, it was a bear market. You could literally contact anyone big in the space and they would answer to you and say, hey, take a plane and come see me. Because they would be so motivated to get more people along.
Speaker A: So if you think where I was, those guys were already massive in the United States, but Europe was happening, right? Europe was the big trade, so they needed their guy in Europe. And that was my job. I was the guy in Europe and then Goldman poached me and I was the guy in Europe and I started and ran the hedge fund sales business. And my job was just facilitating all of these giant us hedge fund managers into all of their trades in Europe.
Speaker C: What's the moment you said, enough corporate life, it's time for me to take the leap.
Speaker A: It was 2000. Saw the bear market coming. Hadnt hit yet.
Speaker C: How did you see that?
Speaker A: Obviously the market had gone crazy. But then it felt like it was starting to break. The economy was slowing down. There was the classic macro signals that were at the end of the cycle. And I wanted that trade and I could either do it for the hedge funds or I could go and do it for myself. Goldman at that point, I was at the point where I, I was the head of hedge fund sales that hadn't yet anointed, who was going to be the managing directors and the partners of that. And I just felt I didn't want to be involved in that whole rat race of partnership. And so I decided I was going to leave and do the trade from the other side of the fence.
Speaker C: Running a book with your own money, or would you say, hey, to go.
Speaker A: And work for one of the big hedge funds because I was servicing them. And I knew, I knew what I was doing, but I'd never traded a book. So I spoke to a couple of clients, Tudor, and eventually went to GLG, who was the largest hedge fund firm in Europe, and they said, yeah, come here. Did you have, and that was, it was just a joy to leave Goldman, which was really restrictive. And then I'd walk across Hyde park in the morning to the offices in Mayfair, and it was just, we had table tennis tables and we had this amazing chef in the kitchens and our own private gym. And it was like a different world.
Speaker C: Did you ever feel this was a sort of risk or you're just thinking like in your gut, this is the right thing to do?
Speaker A: No, I thought it was a risk. It was a risk because I had a huge franchise. I was getting paid very well. I walked away from a lot of Goldman Sachs stock because I was there for the IPO. I used to argue with my boss at bonus time because id be given a bunch of shares and id say, well, id rather have the money. Hes like, well, yeah, but weve got shares and they vest over years and theres all these stock options. Theyre going to be worth a fortune. I said, maybe, maybe not. I said, cash is money now. Shares arent. And he used to get really angry. Hes a frenchman, Manny Roman. He now runs Pimco. And Manny get really angry with me. And then the day I quit and I was going to the biggest client of the firm and I said, listen, I'm leaving. I'm going to go to GLG. He's like, you know, I used to get angry with you about your stock options. I said, yeah. He goes, you are absolutely right. They're worth zero. And I told you. And so I got none of them when I left.
Speaker C: Did you think he was angry because you were taking a move that he was not able to take?
Speaker A: No, he went to run GLG in the end.
Speaker C: No.
Speaker A: Okay, so he actually left after I left GLG, he joined. No, it was just the rules. If you went to a competitor or somebody of that sort, you couldnt vest your shares. So it wasnt his fault. But I was arguing all the way through that these arent worth anything. And they werent. I mean I had a whole bunch of shares that did vest, but yeah, I walked away from a lot.
Speaker C: Raoul, you started global macro investors?
Speaker A: I was there at GLG for the bear market in 2001. Two, three, four. And the recovery did really well. We got nominated for hedge fund of the year, all sorts of stuff. That was great. But running a hedge fund is incredibly stressful. Obviously you don't get paid for nothing and my quality of life was sacrificed. I was burnt out from Goldman because I was there for the asian crisis. It was a huge amount of work, then 2000, then on the other side trading it, running all the risk, checking things in the middle of the night, not sleeping.
Speaker C: I'm like, sounds familiar.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's like crypto.
Speaker C: You trained already basically.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's right. Well, that's where you learn, right? You learn enormous bandwidth because that's what the world was. So if my job at Goldman was to disseminate information, absorb it, disseminate it in bite sized chunks for all the most famous people in the world and be on for everything. And everything happened instantly. Everything had to be replied to instantly if you're on two phones. And the third phone rang and that was Soros, that was Tudor, that was more capital. You had to answer that third phone as well. At the same time. I mean, it's an incredible skill set you learn, which is this ridiculous at high velocity multitasking, which really helped. And the hedge fund was then you could step back a little bit and see the bigger picture. But in the end I just thought I, what am I doing this for? Do I want to be the richest man in the world? I do want to have the best quality of life.
Speaker C: That's a great one.
Speaker A: And so I left and moved to Spain.
Speaker C: How old were you?
Speaker A: 36.
Speaker C: That's an interesting one.
Speaker A: So I semi retired and I just said, if I can cover my cost of living, I've made some money. I wasn't the richest man in the world, but, you know, I bought a beautiful house in Spain and I thought if I can cover my cost of living by writing macro research to the hedge funds because most research providers haven't been in the seat. I knew everybody. I knew how they spoke, I knew what they did, I knew their trades, they knew me personally, easy. So I did that and I thought, if I can cover my cost of living, I'll be fine. Didn't work out that way and ended up becoming much more successful and I went back to work.
Speaker C: No, but that's probably logical at some point. You're going to get back to work if you have this. This drive and this.
Speaker A: Well, also, living in a beach town in Spain, there's no intellectual capital, they're great friends, but it's a party every day.
Speaker C: Absolutely.
Speaker A: And you're not learning from anybody.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's kind of like if you're in Asia, that's why I always say I need to live in Singapore or in Hong Kong or in a city, because in Asia there is kind of. I call it the Bali trap or the phuket trap or whatever you go there. But I. I'm always thinking. You always have to think, like, worst case scenario, if I lose my job or if my businesses go to shit or whatever, right. Who is there around me, my friends, aka my network, and can help me get out of trouble if I retired or seem I retired and I'm at the beach. Right. The people are there. Probably not the most, let's say, driven in life in terms of career. Therefore, if one day something bad happens, I'm in trouble because I'm not gonna have the people who I need to help me out. Right. And so.
Speaker A: And you're not stimulated.
Speaker C: Yes, completely.
Speaker A: A life without stimulus is not a life. I know I had that dream that I could farm olives and almonds, and it's just my brain's not wired that way.
Speaker C: It's. I think, yeah, I think a lot of very high achieving people, they have this dream, but then they realize maybe for three months is good or six months or whatever, but then you need. The actual happiness comes from waking up every morning and struggling, no matter of the actual result, it's from struggling. And not if you just think you're gonna chill and be happy, you're probably gonna end up unhappy if you're wired, like building businesses and all that stuff. And I say the same with all the people who come on this podcast. Most of them, they made, you know, in crypto. It's crazy. They made hundreds of millions or billions of dollars, like kind of overnight, I mean, overnight, couple of years. And the real ones, they don't even care about the. They still live very simply. They don't care about all this wealth, because they know that the moment they start to care about that, it's kind of like the beginning of the end, right. And for their own happiness and their own sanity, because there is something much. And if you even look at Jeff Bezos or Elon Musk, why do you try to go to basically, where do you build rocket ships? Yeah, it's cool to evolve the civilization, everything. But it's probably also because you're trying to get bigger and bigger goals. Because at some point when you build Amazon, what are you going to do after that? To stay happy, to struggle and stay happy, right?
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's right. But you can lose the plot in that where it all becomes about the struggle.
Speaker C: Absolutely. So how do you, and then the.
Speaker A: Game is the point scoring. How rich am I?
Speaker C: Completely. How do you find the balance? Because you had this kind of first realization at 36. I don't want to be the richest guy on the planet.
Speaker A: I still care about quality of life. That's what we're working for. How you define is up to you. Hey everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners and then we'll be right back.
Speaker B: Join over 20,000 attendees for the world's largest crypto event, Tokin 2049 Singapore on the 18th to the 19 September. Balaji, Srinivasan, Solanaz, Anatoli, Arthur Hayes and over 250 others will hit the stage as token 2049 takes over the iconic Marina Bay sands in Singapore. With over 500 side events during Token 2049 week, Singapore will transform into a crypto hub from the 16th to the 22 September, capped off by after 2049 and the Formula One Grand Prix race weekend. Everyone will be there. This is the one event you can't miss this year. Visit realvision.com token 2049 for 15% off tickets only with the code RealVision link.
Speaker A: In description you're a podcast listener and.
Speaker C: This is a podcast ad.
Speaker A: Reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from lips and ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a reproduced ad.
Speaker C: Like this one across thousands of shows.
Speaker A: To reach your target audience with lips and ads, go to lipsinads.com now. That's Libsyn ads.com.
Speaker C: You built real vision in 2014. Why?
Speaker A: I was in Spain and I knew I wanted to do more, so I had a list of things I wanted to do that I thought, okay, these are interesting areas to me. I went around the world trying to set up the world's safest bank. That was one that ended up being crypto to me. I was going to build a family office service network. Well ive done that with real vision and some of the other stuff ive done. But id also realize that 2008 happened and then 2012 in Europe, which most people dont really realize how bad that was. I mean, we almost lost all of the major governments defaulting on their debt, plus the entire banking system. And I was buying tin food and generators in Spain. And the ECB forced Spain to take a bailout of $19 billion over a weekend. If not, we lost everything. Tons of friends of mine went bust. Tons of my parents friends had their money taken from banks. They would do things like, hey, why don't you have, we'll give you extra high savings account. And so these 70 year olds would go, yeah. Oh, that's great. And they converted them out of deposit accounts into preference shares. And then the banks went bust. They lost all their money. And I could see the rise of Occupy Wall Street. I could see the indignados in Spain. I could see the anger and the fact that I was at the middle of the financial system. I knew exactly what was going on and nobody else did. And I didn't have a platform to tell people. And when I tried to tell them, I'd go out for mates for lunch in Spain saying, please be careful. I mean, 50% of those people I had lunch with almost went bankrupt. And I tried to explain, didn't understand they weren't involved in finance. They didn't know any of this. And people afterwards said, why didn't we know? And I'm like, why did I know? And they didn't. So I'm going to change that. So that was the idea of real vision to really level the playing field and say, it's not right that the hedge funds at the time had all of the knowledge and nobody else.
Speaker C: Did you choose video to do that?
Speaker A: Yeah, we talked about it, really. It was myself, Damien Horner. We both lived in the same village. We really conceptualized the idea. And then Remy afterwards, and later, granted, we were thinking through the idea of a newsletter, but it just didn't feel like we were going to have an impact. And I think it was Damien, probably because Damien always had the great ideas, very creative ideas. He said, well, we should just do video now. At the time, there were no long form finance podcasts. They didn't exist. We invented them. Video was early days of YouTube. Netflix had launched two years prior. I mean, it was a stupid concept. And when people came to us and said, well, what do you guys know about making video? We said, fuck all. We have no idea at all. None of us had ever made a video, and we had to figure it out. And we came to Hong Kong to meet Grant, I think it was, and we met a producer from CNN, said, well, how does it work? She goes, well, it's going to cost you about 20 grand an hour to film content. And we came back and thought, well, this business is never going to work. And then we just said, well, why don't we just film it on SLR cameras? And we figured out employee number one was a belgian cameraman who I happened to meet in the bar in little Cayman island of 140 people. I'm like, well, can you edit video and film? He's like, sure. So that was the start.
Speaker C: And then it turned into something massive, right?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: That has a massive impact on the world, on people. On me, too, I have to say. And one of the big themes now that you are big about is unfuck your future.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: You published a macro and crypto masterclass with Julien Bitel, fellow swiss citizen, ten days ago, called everything code.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Actually rewatched it for the third time until 02:00 a.m. last night to make sure I got the whole thing.
Speaker A: There's a lot there.
Speaker C: There is a lot. In this video, you explain the current big issue that we are all facing today, a 12% hurdle rate, which means that if our investments do not return more than 12% per year, we are all becoming poorer. And you split this 12% into an 8% debasement and 4% inflation. Can you explain this as if you were talking to your mother?
Speaker A: Yeah. When you buy an asset for investment, what you're doing is you're locking up money now to spend it later. Future deferred consumption, you need to be compensated for that, generally, because you're locking money up. That's why long term bond yields have a higher yield than short term. Generally, asset needs to be worth more than current money today. Now, we all know about the inflation, call it 2% a year, whatever the number is. We kind of all understand that bit. But after 2008, they started using liquidity, so creating more money to allow the governments to pay the interest on the excess debts. And that is debasement. And we've seen it with air miles. So if you tell your mother, I don't understand what you're talking about. Say, do you remember when you first got your air miles on Swissair? And if you flew to London a few times, before you know it, you could get a flight down to Marseille. Yes. And now you fly to London for a few times. What does it get you? I don't know. A pair of plastic sunglasses on their website. That's debasement. That's when you excessively issue points, rewards money that the value goes down, and they're doing that by 8% a year on a globalized basis. So it means that any asset that you have needs to go up by more than that, or your future self is poorer.
Speaker C: And there's a really important concept to introduce here, which is what you call wage deflation, right? Which most people need to understand. When you are working, you're basically earning a certain salary. If your salary doesn't go up as much as the money printing, then what is the definition of retirement is I need to accumulate enough assets so that my assets I own when I retire, they cover my life expense. But if there is money printing, therefore, the fiat currency is worthless compared to fixed asset. Therefore, what I work for, which is my retirement, which is buying these assets, is becoming harder and harder because of wage deflation.
Speaker A: Raoul, so the wage deflation, if you think about how companies pay you, whatever you do, let's assume you don't work for a big tech company, get millions of shares. Let's assume you just do an ordinary job. You go to work, you get paid. You work for Procter and gamble, whoever it is. That company's p and l is driven by the economy. Your wages go up and down with economic growth. And so, well, they don't go down by economic growth. You lose your job, so you take a hiatus in your earnings for a period of time. However, the stock market goes up based on the debasement of currency. So therefore, your wages every year buy you less of a house, less of a share of the s and P 500, or whatever stock market it is, and so and so forth. So you're getting poorer, which I can.
Speaker C: Actually see with the conversation I have with my friends who are in the early thirties. They basically tell me since, like, one or two years, even the, I would say normal people who don't invest and don't really, let's not even talk about crypto, let's just talk about normal investing. Right? They're just saying, I don't understand. I'm working like a slave 1012 hours per day, and I earn so little. Like, my salary I'm getting. I realize already now I'm 30 or 31, that I'm never going to be able to buy a home or a flat.
Speaker A: I started this discussion back in. There was a famous piece that I did. It's got, like, 4 million views now called the retirement crisis.
Speaker C: I remember that.
Speaker A: And I explained how this was going to play out, which was that young people were totally fucked and that they were never going to get up the ladder and they needed a gift and back then, this was 2016. I said, crypto is that gift. This is the only way I can see to get out. And that has continued to play out to this day. And now those same people who were 30 then are now 35 and they're having kids. So they're moving out of cities, buying houses in the country because it's cheaper. They're not going to work in the office because it's cheaper. They have to bring up their kids and they can't afford a nanny, and they still can't get ahead. They've got school fees and retirement and their house. Are they renting a house? Do they own a house? Chances are they don't own one yet. And they know they're fucked. Everybody knows they're fucked, and they don't know how to get out of it. And that whole idea, once you understand that people know they're fucked, it explains a lot of how the world works. It explains why we get the left and right polarity. Ive got to blame somebody for why Im fucked then. Its also the rise of the speculative economy. Why? Because Im never going to get ahead. I have to take risk. That explains Gamestop. It all came from Occupy Wall street, it all came from the same thing. It's all the same movement of these people realizing that their future has been robbed because the baby boomers took too much debts on because there was too many of them and the economy couldn't cope with that. So it's a long economic story that got there, but the present day is we need to take action.
Speaker C: So how does the hardworking 35, 36 years old guy with a wife and two kids ever retire in these conditions?
Speaker A: Well, it's not from wages. So people are doing two jobs. We all are bizarrely right. We're all doing multitude of jobs. That's in itself weird, but we've kind of adjusted to it saying it's normal, then they're having to learn how to speculate. They all became financialized. 2020 was like that whole generation didn't care about real vision. There were some people who studied the masters of finance and stuff. Yeah, sure they cared. They didn't care about markets. They didn't care about anything. They just didn't give a shit. They cared about Instagram. 2020 came and suddenly they were given money and they were at home and they were given a game to play and they saw the future. And that was the largest, fastest financialization of people, I think, in all history. It was astonishing. Hi, everyone. Listen, if you want unfuck your future, let me help you follow this channel, subscribe, click the notifications and you'll get everything as soon as it comes out. See you there.
Speaker C: So you talked about GME, right? Gamestop. But there's other ways, right? What's the concrete solution for people in their late twenties or early or mid thirties to this seemingly insurmountable problem? And I basically split the solution in two parts, so people really understand the whole framework here. The first part is understanding liquidity cycles. Why should any adult who wants to unfuck their future understand the liquidity cycle?
Speaker A: You actually don't need to, because you just need. Liquidity cycle is actually somewhat mid curve. Meaning it's an over explanation for a simple thing. Simple thing is, all you need to know is number go up. The whole system is set for number go up. So therefore just be involved in that. Number go up and own the asset that goes up the most. It's that simple.
Speaker C: I mean, people understand this more and more now, but even just a few years ago, again, I'm Swiss. In Switzerland, you don't question the bankers and you don't question the lawyers, right? Like the banker, he has the nice car, he has a nice house, he has a nice suit. So I basically should listen to him. And then I was going to my parents 20 1819, saying, this bitcoin thing is amazing. Buy some. They bought some. But like, they were like, Kevin, like, the day you make a million dollar, we'll listen to you. So, like, fuck, I need to make a million dollars because possible. So they start to listen to me. So. But how do you. I mean, now people understand more and more, but still a lot of people will say number or grow up. It's too easy. Why are all these people in the banking, you know, industry having jobs if number goes up is just the answer.
Speaker A: That's a very good question. I mean, look, when I say this, I say it humorously, but it's true. The whole system is set for number go up. That's what debasement of currency does. When you have an over indebted system, the collateral of the system, the assets can't go down, because if not, you've got too much debt versus the assets. And that's what happened in 2008. So the whole system is based on that. The baby boomers are all going into retirement. You cant let the assets go down, because if not, theyve got all the wealth, so therefore consumption will collapse. The number cant go down. So as opposed to number go up, you could say the number cant go down. So the liquidity cycle is just an element of that. Its the actual mechanism by which it happens. If youre 30 you shouldnt give a shit about that cycle. You should just use any weakness to keep buying more number go up assets. For others it then becomes a cycle to try to take some risk off the table because its a volatile space, particularly in crypto or technology investing. Both work well. But then you come to the question and most people get to this is everyone thinks, yeah, I'm going to take money off. And then you're like, and where am I going to put it? Because when? As soon as I take it off, debasements happening again. So you might put it in stablecoins for a bit. Sure. Definitely. Cash in lifestyle chips, buy that house, do that thing that you want. But after that it's difficult to think about getting out. The reason Jeff Bezos is the richest man in the world is because he didn't sell his Amazon equity. People forget that compounding returns. Bitcoin since 2012 is up 22 million%. That's 140% a year in that is four, down 85% bear markets. And it's still that Solana was down 97.5% last cycle, or 98 and a half.
Speaker C: Sorry.
Speaker A: It is still compounding at 240% returns a year.
Speaker C: Yet people will fuck this up because of their ego, right? And like, oh yeah, I can out trade, I can buy low, sell high.
Speaker A: It's happening now already and we've barely started. People are now seeing 100 x in memes and they've gone from, I've been telling people, please play that game. Sure, do it with 10%. Keep 90% of your allocation or 80% if you're total degen, just in the main tokens, then you can't screw it up. Don't use leverage. Self custody. You'll be okay. But I can see it already. People are gravitating towards the influencers who are talking about memes, the main characters. People are ansem in this cycle are getting more and more attention because people are desperate to make money in the shortest period of time. And they don't realize that compounding at 150% return, which is bitcoin, which is the worst performing of the major assets, 150%. You dont need to be in it very long for that to compound to massive returns. But they want to make it all this time. And so I can see them losing their minds already. Theyre not using leverage yet. Theyre scared of that. But they will, however much we tell them, please dont use leverage. They will use leverage however much we tell them, please don't yield farm in weird shit because you're getting a 60% yield. They will do it and I beg them, but they won't listen.
Speaker C: You were actually very vocal last cycle about not trying to get any yield, right. Even the lower yield, 510 percent. Like, oh, I don't understand the risk. So I'm not going to do that. And people will be like, yeah, but look, the yield, even if it's 510 percent, but my yield goes up six x, right, whatever. Even in eth or this amazing. And we all have this kind of fomo, and then look at the result, what happened, right? And so very often, I mean, not very often, pretty much all the time, the simpler, the more boring, the better. But people are addicted to dopamine. Maybe like they're, because they're not doing anything else. Maybe they're, I don't know, they're bored in their day job. Maybe they're not having a day job. And being trader is like their main thing. Maybe what they don't understand is that these influencers, their job is to get the attention and they will say anything that is required to get your attention, even if they have 100% of my portfolio with maybe true, maybe not, right, but I'm getting your attention. That's the goal, and that's how I make my money. Right. And so the simpler and the most boring, the better. Yeah.
Speaker A: And I don't go for yield. Even that whole crazy thing where they claim that I had been involved in Luna and all of this stuff.
Speaker C: No, no, I know, I know. We'll talk about that later. Actually, in a third part, where things are taken out of context.
Speaker A: Yeah, but my point was always, I was a macro guy who bought call options or put options, and I never sold them because I don't like that risk. And when I saw blowups, I would see in macro land people taking huge bets. They went wrong, they blew up. I'm like, fine. But then I would see these yield guys and they would be clipping 2%, 2%, 2%, 2%, 2% a month, and then they'd be down 50. And it was that risk. If you've got a natural order of volatility in a fund, that's okay. But when you've got this perfect non volatility, and then that is catastrophic. You'll lose all your investors, you'll lose everything. And that's what yield does to people.
Speaker C: And that's where your background in traditional finance basically was massively helpful because you've seen it multiple times and even when you compare it to the risk asset, the risk curve, you're just basically saying, hey, look, it's all the same. Nothing is new in crypto. Nothing.
Speaker A: No, we're humans and we value things in certain ways. And ive seen it every time. So I was lucky enough to be involved in. There was the oldest bank in England, baring brothers blew up from Nick Leeson, based in Singapore, who was rogue trading, became a film called Rogue Trader. That was him selling volatility on the Nikkei. And he sold so much, it eventually blew up. It was basically yield through a different way, then cut through to 1998, the big blow up, long term capital. Again, they were looking using stupid leverage to get small returns. When something goes wrong, that leverage goes the wrong way. Saw all of that. 2008 was that all over again. The history is littered with excess leverage to juice yields. Combination is the killer.
Speaker C: And maybe an additional point to that in crypto is you don't even need to use stupid leverage to get wrecked. In March 2020, I was levered two or three x on ETH, and I got wrecked, basically. It's so volatile crypto that even the non stupid leverage is too much already.
Speaker A: Even I often run the numbers through my head, and I'm like, maybe I should leverage my soul. Bet. I don't really like leverage. I did when I was running a hedge fund. I'd use a lot of leverage. I've used a lot of leverage in the past. But when you do the maths, you're like, what is a normal drawdown in Solana? Well, 30% is like, that can happen four times a year. Okay, so that means I can't be three times levered. Can a 50% drawdown happen? Yeah, you might get one of those in a bull market. So that cant be two times levered. So I cant take leverage. I just cant. Unless youre really short term trading. But thats not the game. So I cant do it. And then I start thinking, well, do you just buy the deep in the money call options on Darabit and use those, because then you cant lose more than you buy in premium. But in the end, I just stopped myself and just said, just dont fuck this up. Just don't fuck it up. I just don't want to fuck this up, because it matters to me. I've got a lot of money, wealth, ego, everything riding on this thing, like we all have, just don't want to fuck it up.
Speaker C: The simpler, the more boring, the better.
Speaker A: Because again, if you think about the 5% yield or the 10% yield people are fighting for. I'm going to do this and swap to that. And then I've got this bridge and I'm getting 12% yield over there. I'm like, Solana moves 12% in a day. How's this compensating you for risk taking? It's just not worth it.
Speaker C: Absolutely. And if you think about there's all these points or these airdrops in crypto, right? It's just to make you do something to make you lose your crypto. Like, that's it. Like, you're going to lose them. You're going to get hacked. Freaking do anything, right?
Speaker A: You don't need to. I don't do any of that. No farming for points or drops or anything.
Speaker C: But you stake your soul. No, don't stake. Okay.
Speaker A: I don't even stake.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: Now, it's probably stupid, but I'm like, I don't need the 5%. I just put it in my ledger or I store it in a multisig, and I don't need to worry about it. Yeah. That's why I got into this in the first place, was realizing that you didn't own your assets. In a financial system, I'm not going to make the same mistake and give somebody my assets or give somebody control over my assets or give somebody a share of my assets. The beauty of crypto is self custody. It's so magical, and people don't yet understand that they will.
Speaker C: And the moment you are farming points or farming airdrops or even staking, you're actually kind of lending your assets or giving it to someone else as responsibility. And therefore, the basic principle of crypto is not applied anymore.
Speaker A: Exactly. Yeah, exactly. And just never lose control of your crypto because number go up. Right. And the whole game is to throw you off that one magic thing is just hold or hodl, you know, that that thing is real.
Speaker C: So solution part one, liquidity cycle. Solution part two. We talked about crypto a lot. I wrote Nasdaq and crypto. I could have written crypto and crypto, we'll get there. But Nasdaq and Crypto, nothing else than Nasdaq and Crypto have outperformed the central bank's balance sheet, money printing plus inflation. So the 12% since 2008, which means, basically that if you own real estate, you're getting poorer. If you own gold, you're getting poorer. If you own s and p 500, you're flat, despite s and p 500 being up 6.5%. 6.5 x sorry. Since the great financial crisis laws in 2009. So everyone was like, I should buy a house in early thirties. Maybe to think differently. Why are Nasdaq and crypto the only asset classes that outperform the 12% hurdle rate?
Speaker A: This is a really important point, is everything is easier when you're riding a secular trend. Why was my career successful? I wrote two trends. One was the rise of the derivative market. Gigantic. It's a 1.4 quadrillion dollar market. Now that was one. The other was the rise of hedge funds. So at the biggest customer base and the biggest product, you cant help but make money. Thats a secular trend. You want to be in places with a secular. You want to live in a country where the economy is growing on a secular basis. Its like one of the reasons why Spain is difficult to live in. Most of Europe is like a museum now. Its beautiful, but its not a place to be an entrepreneur because the economys not growing. Same with Japan and Chinas gone kind of ex growth. Indias the fastest growing economy, the Middle east. But theres two trends that are easily investible that are in a secular trend every day. And its all the same trend every day, is more digital than the previous day. Its as simple as that. And therefore, this whole trend of digitization of everything, including human intellect, including human labor, thats robots and AI, including money, everything is going to outperform. So just ride that trend and dont overthink it. I see so many people wanting to trade commodities here and this cycle there. I'm like, you're wasting your time. You don't need to do all of that stuff. I've been guilty of all of that stuff. But I've realized that you don't need to do any of it.
Speaker C: You said both Nasdaq and Crypto have outperformed the central bank's money printing since 2008. But you're all in crypto and not in Nasdaq. Why?
Speaker A: Because all assets are correlated to the business cycle and the everything code cycle. It's all a debt refi cycle. So if everything is correlated, then diversification doesn't work. So if diversification doesn't work, then you want to own the asset with the best risk adjusted returns. Now, this is where people get weird. They're like, crypto goes down 80% every four years on a risk adjusted basis. It is an alien asset class. The reward so far outweighs the risk that people can't get their heads around an asset that goes down 98% like Solana, and still compounds at 250% a year. So when I take a chart of everything, I just compare one asset to another and I look at the chart of Nasdaq, looks amazing. Its a log secular exponential trend divided by the price of bitcoin. To see relatively how its done, its down 97.9%.
Speaker C: I think its 99.92.92.
Speaker A: Okay, so there's no second best. There is no second best. Making another investment decision is suboptimal. If you've got the right time horizon, it doesn't work. If you choose too short a time horizon, but choose a five year, ten year time horizon, it's ludicrous. The difference that you kick yourself if you went, oh, I had choice of the, the orange pill or the blue pill and I took the blue pill and it's gone up, but I've made 99% less than I would have if I'd taken the orange pill. Yeah, and we've never seen anything like this before. So this is super unusual. People can't get their heads around this.
Speaker C: And you're talking about Nasdaq here. We're not even talking about gold. I have a friend of mine, he runs a gold business, but he's actually pretty much all in crypto. And I'm like, bro, like, yeah, but you can own both. But like, why? Because when things go to shit, gold holds better. And the problem is, it's the same as in investing in general, right? If you're 25 or 30 or 22, the best thing you can do is to take an Excel spreadsheet and calculate a compounded interest. If I invest $500 every month in S and P 500, we start with that. If we're going to bitcoin, because it is going to look too crazy, right, for normal people, then you understand how exponentiality do we say that exponentiality works, right? The brain is not built to think in exponential terms. And so you're like, oh, yeah, but look, I could have bought bitcoin at years ago or two, whatever, when it was, I'm flat. They don't think exponentially. And so that's one of the big problem in normal investing. And then you apply that to crypto and people who don't even understand exponential growth for s and p 500, they will take you for a mad person because you're like, hey, look, just take bitcoin 130% annualized after 510 years. Look at the result. And then they still want to do it. So they do it, and then they just fuck it up and they lose everything.
Speaker A: Because it's just suddenly they become obsessed. It becomes my precious. It's like, from the Lord of the Rings. It's like, oh, my God, money. I can make money. And then it's like 100% a year is not enough. I need to do more. And it's like, wow, come on, guys. It doesn't come that easily.
Speaker C: Actually, I heard that a lot. I helped some people get into crypto last year. Just bitcoin, Ethan Sol, and like, oh, man, it's up only three x. I'm.
Speaker A: Like, what world do you live in?
Speaker C: Exactly.
Speaker A: I'm going to pull you in our eyeglass.
Speaker C: Thank you. Actually was about to do the same. But how is the wine?
Speaker A: It's good. It feels like it could age a bit longer, but it's got a bored ape on the front. Hang wine in 2014. It can last longer than this, but appreciate it.
Speaker C: The other bottle is 2010. So. So what we just discussed right now is essentially what you call the supermassive black hole, right?
Speaker A: Yeah, crypto.
Speaker C: Supermassive black.
Speaker A: Yeah. It's like, I see everybody go down this journey, and it's really funny to watch. Often people go into the space, fuck it up, go, whoa, this is too crazy for me. They then absorb a bit. They come with a bit of humility. They come back to the space and slowly it becomes everything. I've seen all my macro friends do this. I've watched them all my peer group, the people I grew up with in the industry, one by one, just go to the black hole and jump into the abyss and never come back. People like Alan Howard, legend of our space. We launched hedge funds at the same time. Alan was always a better trader than me. And Washington famous as one of the greatest traders around. I mean, hes all crypto. Dan Tapiero, Dan Moorhead. Just one after the other, they get there and they never come back because the returns on a risk adjusted basis are so ridiculous that they realize if theres one trade to dedicate your life to, this is the trade. This is the big one. The biggest trade mankind has ever been given. Now, that sounds hubristic, but it's proven. No other asset has ever done 22.5 million% returns in twelve years.
Speaker C: You said diversification is dead. It's all one fucking trend, which is the economy is stupid. This goes against what any wealth manager or banker would tell his and her clients. Why is concentrated risk taking in the greatest macroeconomic trend of all time? The best play as long as you do it intelligently?
Speaker A: So true wealth is made from a concentrated bet. That's Jeff Bezos, Elon Musk, is actually it's one concentration, which is one mission to Mars, but it's multiple businesses. Most true wealth is generated from one big bet in markets. That's certainly the case. I don't know many people who run broad, diversified portfolios who end up becoming wealthy. Even Warren Buffett's portfolio is pretty concentrated. Concentrated bets really are the way, but that's very hard to do because you're trying to take the big bet over the mortgage crisis and stuff like that. They're hard to take. But here we've got a bet that has everything going for it. It is driven by behavioral economics. I number go up means that more people come into the network, which means number go up. The more the number go up, the more money is. In this new digital economy that creates the applications layer, businesses being built on it. The more businesses being built on it, the more use of the blockchain, the more the number go up. The more the number go up, the more people come in before you know what the finance industry wants. It is a super massive black hole. It's like the greatest behavioral scheme of all time. So it's genius for that, and it attracts people. Then you've got the debasement of currency, then you've got the non fit for purpose of the financial system that exists. Then you've got the fact that this is just digitizing value settlements and everything else, all of contracts. So you've got a ludicrous amount of mega trends all in one point. It's liquid, it trades 24/7 it's accessible to almost every single human on the planet. It's like, come on, guys, this is the fucking big one. There is nothing ever going to be bigger than this.
Speaker C: Diversification is dead. And you walk the talk, you're all in crypto, but within crypto, you are pretty much all in one crypto, Solana.
Speaker A: Because there is no diversification, which is.
Speaker C: The absolute antithesis of diversification. Why did you go all in Solana last year?
Speaker A: So if we apply that thesis that there is no diversification, everything is correlated. Do you want to own the best risk reward asset? If you go too far out the risk curve, your early stage, you don't have network adoption effects yet. So then it becomes more vc bet as opposed to a growth bet. That's a different bethe. So I had made a lot of money in the last cycle by switching from bitcoin into ETH, and got a lot of hatred for it in that bizarre world that is bitcoin. Maxi I had switched because I saw network effects of eth were growing fast. It was nfts that really ramped it up. Plus Defi, an earlier token. With less adoption that's gaining. Adoption goes up faster in price. Thats just how it works. So I thought I was going to be all eth this cycle. I had a bit of sauna and id observed a couple of things. This space is about narratives. First, primarily about the narrative. I was at an event, just the start of the bear market, March 2022, at some very fancy ski resort in Utah by a boutique investment bank. And the room was just billionaires, plus the heads of every media company. It was just an incredible group of people. And I was hosting the web, three sessions. And it was myself, Beeple, Elon Musk's brother, Kimball. Adam, who runs Instagram. Natalie, who ran yugalabs at the time, Toli. I didn't know him for shit. I owned him salon. I didn't really know who he was. Didn't know anything, really. Right, because he's nice guy, but he's not the character, right, but I can't name the people. But some very well known people, very well known, had come up to me and said, well, what's with these Solana people? I've been talking to them and I was like, wow, okay, these are big music industry people. These were Instagram, the head of Instagram. There's all of these people. I'm like, this kind of weird russian guy knows all of these people. And so I just realized that they understood that their tech was great to be the consumer or retail chain. Even their logo, the name, everything about it smelt of mass adoption, but it was a bear market. So I walked away. I always process these things after I've seen them. So I was on my flight home. I'm like, something weird was going on there. So I marked it down and like, yeah, there's something Solana. So Solana collapsed over the next three months. And so I started buying in June, when ETH bottomed. I bought ETH based on liquidity analysis. I bought ETH in June, July 2022. And Solana, I was too early in Solana got the eth low, very, very close. And then I left those positions and just continued to run them, and they all bounced, and everything was great. ETH didnt bounce. I mean, Solana had the next leg lower. ETH didnt confirm it, which was really interesting to me as well. And I just kept adding in Solana, but I was still 30% Solana, 70% ETH at that point. And it was not until I had been then watching the chart of the Solana Eth cross in the same way I did the Nasdaq bitcoin charts. Its like, whats the relative bet? And it was basing and im like, this could break out. And ive got a thesis, this is the retail chain. And then I was in New York at Mainnet and Colleen Sullivan from Brevin Howard, whos somebody I really respect, was on stage talking and she just dropped. Yeah. And obviously fire dance, which is going to be a game changer on Solana, blah, blah. I'm like, I don't know what she's talking about. Next up was Toli. So Anatoly comes up, starts talking and then drops a bomb, which was like, yeah, well, jump. Think they've got this thing to be running at between 600,001.2 million tps. And I didn't process it at the time. I was on the flight home, like, 1.2 million tps, that's 20 x Solana's theoretical tps of 160,000. I'm like, okay, this is a step change. And that weekend I was writing global macro investor over in Little Cayman. I looked at the chart. Chart just started breaking out. I went on Twitter and said, who knows about firedancer silence. I asked totally publicly. I said, when's this out? He goes, I think it'll be out on testnet by the end of the year. So it was public. It wasn't something I knew, no secret information. I'm like, that was it. I did the switch. I didn't have my ledger, that device over that weekend. Julian Bloody Battelle did. And he was doing his switch before and it moved like crazy over that weekend. And I got back home to my house and Gran came on a Monday and just literally switched everything.
Speaker C: So, at the 0.01 sol eth, right, yeah. Which was very similar to what you did in 2020 with ECDC. I basically copied you on both, to be honest. I copied you on both.
Speaker A: And there will be and there will be soon. If you remember the last cycle, it was Luna, avalanche, Polygon and Solana.
Speaker C: Yep.
Speaker A: Those were the chosen four. One didn't survive and one was king or crown prince, let's call it. Something will happen this cycle that will give us that bet again. That bet's incredibly rewarding, but hard to do because there's a lot of things that look like they're going to last and they don't.
Speaker C: I have my thoughts on that, but we're going to discuss that later because obviously I have to talk about that. Right. But essentially the framework, because the kind of bigger picture, bigger learning here is what you've done with ETH in 2020, 2021, and what you've done with Solana 20, 23, 24. Anyone could have done.
Speaker A: Yes and no inside information, no special knowledge, no technical knowledge, no nothing.
Speaker C: And in my very humble opinion, that's the way to make money in crypto, which is we're not VC's. Right. We don't have, like, maybe a very technical understanding. Exactly. We understand that most of these shit coins are pure gambling. So what's the real game here? It's probably to find the e four flat cycle, second largest coin by market. Captain. Okay. Covid crash went down to 80 or 90, but then it did, like a 50 x liquid for the second largest coin, which is like an absolutely amazing risk adjusted bet that anyone could have taken.
Speaker A: And we get given this bet every cycle.
Speaker C: Absolutely.
Speaker A: You get a ten to 50 x every cycle from buying one of the biggest coins.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: The hard thing is people get stuck in a narrative. There are people stuck in. And I'm going to get hated for this, but people are stuck in Cardano, people are stuck in XRP, they're stuck in stuff from the past. Doesn't mean they're bad projects. But if your game is to make the most money, then you have to drop all of your allegiances from the previous cycle, all of the things that you had taught yourself to believe. ETH is the only thing that was what you had to believe last cycle. And now you have to believe that Solana is the fastest, cheapest, best, and that narrative will get shattered next cycle. And you have to accept that that's okay.
Speaker C: It's very hard to do.
Speaker A: It's really hard.
Speaker C: Yeah. Regarding Solana, I mean, you said you have people who thank you every day, right? So there's a thank you from me, because you are one of the three reasons I switched 80% of my portfolio at $17 to $20 last year in Solana. The first one was Chris Berninski, who was very bullish. I was always saying before FTX happened, I was like, solana, I'm probably going to put a good amount of money between ten and 15. If it goes down there and then FTX happens, it goes lower than ten. I'm like, it's fucked. Even I can't do this. It's fucked, right? So I'm like, oh, and then people calling for one, or, you know, like, I'm like, oh, man, I should do it now. But I can't, like, it's the thing. I have to accept that the thing is probably fucked, right then. It's not goes sideways between, whatever, 15 and 25 or ten and 25.
Speaker A: It was the Vitalik statement, actually.
Speaker C: Exactly. Vitalik.
Speaker A: Yeah, that was really key. He's like. He's basically said before, you drive this thing down to zero, this is a real project with really skilled people and a vibrant community that Chris, myself, there weren't many others who at the time were saying, you know what? This is maybe the biggest gift we've been given.
Speaker C: Yeah. For me, it was Chris. I'm like, okay, this dude is saying, this thing is not dead. And he's, like, super bullish and he's super smart because I was listening to him since years because of Casey Wood and everything. Then I met Akshay, who you met last night, who is basically working for Solana. And he was previous Uber, built Uber in India, right arm of Balaji. He's doing the network state conference with Balaji. He's very close to Balaji, very close to Nas daily. I'm like, this guy's working full time for Solana. I met him. I talked to him. I'm like, this guy's super smart. Chris is super bullish. This guy is on the field who are mega smart. We're all in Solana. And then there's Raul with his sole ETH 0.01, which is the same as freaking ETH BTC three, four years ago. No brainer. I need to do it right. And so you're definitely part of it, so thank you. Basically, it's weird, because I look back.
Speaker A: And I sort of can't remember getting that call, so. Right. But I know, because everyone knows me for that call, but it's weird because it was. I was so hated at the time. I was really fighting just because the market was so awful, people were so awful, and to stand up again and make another prediction was hard.
Speaker C: Yeah, absolutely. And in September, October last year, I had Jordy Alexander, co founder of Selinika Pita, good friend of mine. Now, he was very right about Luna. Yeah, super right. And I remember he got kind of known for being one of the few ones were basically saying out loud, Luna. I think he was on bank list before Luna crashed. Not saying Luna is shit. Just saying, hey, this might happen. Be careful. So he was very right about Luna, which I got massively direct in. Right. And then he's last September, October, on the podcast in your seat. And I'm like, I knew he didn't like Solana, or at least he was not very bullish. Solana. He said, the ecosystem is great, but the token is kind of like a meme coin because there's no fees, the fees are too low, et cetera, so it's not accruing. So I'm there. Just switched, like, a couple of two, three months before, like, I switched 80% of my portfolio in Solana. I have this guy in front of me. I'm like, what do you think about Solana? And I knew we would clip that and people would go, would be angry, right, against him, the Solana community. So I'm like, what do you think? And he's like, yeah, you know, like, I think this is a great ecosystem, great tech, but the token doesn't really make sense. And I'm there, like, I know the guy was massively right about Luna, where I got so fucked. And then I have, like, 80% of my portfolio on Solana. I'm like, okay, Chris Raul, actually, Chris Raul, like, I didn't do anything. And like then, I mean, sometimes it's very hard because you always have some very smart people with different opinions, right.
Speaker A: And you need to take them on board.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: You know, it's hard when you, when you have full conviction on the trade.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Your job is to be paranoid after that.
Speaker C: Yeah, but that's good, actually, that's a good learning from, from, I mean, I'd say from Luna, definitely. It's. Anytime there's someone who says something really bad about your bag, take them seriously. Try to understand why. It doesn't mean change your mind, but it means, like, take into account the.
Speaker A: Fact that your work, it all leads to you taking the bet. You've now taken the bet. You don't need to confirm to yourself all the time that I'm so right. I'm so right. You need to confirm that you're not wrong. It's a very different mindset.
Speaker C: What will make you change your mind on Seoul this cycle?
Speaker A: The only thing I think is if ETH continues to outperform or not continues. It hasn't done so, but let's say it does. ETF flows. There's a new application that yet again ratchets up Eth's use case. Maybe it's the real world assets trait. Whatever it is. Other than that, everything goes up Solanas earlier stage, it should go up more. Its a standard risk cycle. Theres limited risk in Solana now. Theres much more risk when you go to earlier stage tokens, because you just dont know if theyre going to get adoption so its really, have I got my money in the wrong bet? What happens if bitcoin beats everybody this cycle? Its possible. Of course it's possible. My job is to be paranoid of I've got the wrong asset allocation.
Speaker C: You said before, if you are 30 years old, you should keep your money in crypto and add in the weak moments, right? And actually you're not 30 years old, but that's kind of your plan, right?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: But what does that mean concretely? If you're a mostly in sol, do you de risk into ETH or bitcoin as we transition into macro fall season in 2025? Or you just say like you've done last cycle the bet was ETH. I keep my ETH and next cycle I will have seen the two or three token Solunavax that went crazy, and I'll switch into that.
Speaker A: That's what I did. Was that the right answer? Probably would have done marginally better if I switching to bitcoin. In the end, I don't think it matters. Just don't leave the space. If you do, do it for lifestyle. What's really hard, what I've learned is I've gone through this before because I've been involved in this space for a very long time. I've held through cycles, I've traded cycles. I figured out if I just held my original bet, which was much smaller, I would have been five times better off. If I had just added every time we had a bear market and assumed I missed the bear market low by 30 or 40%, I'd make 25 times as much money. So this time around, I added furiously between June and October, those two dates in 2022, and I was at all time highs in my p and l well before markets were. That's what it means when you compound and just do that one thing and it'll change your life. But most people can't. They've been taught that the drawdown is a terrible thing. But if you're not going to take the money out and you don't need it for school fees or the house, dont take the money out. The other thing is, lets say youve turned your ten grand and its now worth 250 grand. Okay? When you take it out, lets say youre a genius. You get the high, the market falls 90%. You will not put the same amount of money back because youre now you have that mindset that you had with Solana. Its no fuck, it might go to zero. That is so pervasive that you will only put a smaller bet in, you cant do it. And people think they can. Oh, ill just take my 250 grand and then ill just buy it at the bottom and im going to be the richest person in the world. No, it wont happen that way, William.
Speaker C: I mean, the assumption here, obviously, is people have a daily job that provides them with enough money to survive or they have a business. This crypto thing didnt become their entire life or way to dream to make it in the short term, which is actually the case for a lot of people, right. A lot of people, I think more than we probably want to admit.
Speaker A: This.
Speaker C: Thing becomes their life, right. And they might even quit their job. Like this kind of classic like moment where you start to say, maybe it's starting to become a bit risky is when people say, I left my job to trade crypto. Actually, two weeks ago, I met a woman and she said, oh, my husband. Now he left his DevOps engineering job to trade Seoul full time. I'm like, I'm like, okay, maybe it's still early, but I'm just gonna, this.
Speaker A: Is a little marker.
Speaker C: Exactly, because more and more of this is gonna happen, right? And that's when people start to make the wrong decisions and whereas, and fuck this up because they're too, they're too involved, too all in and don't realize I need to have something to cover my life expense if I want to have this ten year view and compound.
Speaker A: But I've seen the power of this thing. My sister in law, she had a, it was in 2020. She's like, what do I do with this? It doesn't go anywhere. And I'm like, just put it all in crypto. She did. And now suddenly shes got a really quite decent sum of money for her. I mean, several times her annual salary. Now in this. Thats amazing. I was speaking to somebody who used to work at real vision, and she just dropped in how much money her and her husband have made. I mean, he was a science teacher, and they had made really quite a lot of money in ordinary person terms. Im like, you can understand why people become obsessed because it belittles everything youve ever done beforehand, all the work youve ever done. And then you start thinking, all of how much work can I do to put money into this bethe? Because it's the best bet of all time.
Speaker C: It's probably what happened also to this gentleman you met yesterday evening who thanked you.
Speaker A: Now, I don't know whether that's a sign of hubris that he's kind of semi retired. He didn't say I was going to trade crypto. My guess is he paid off his house and he could do whatever he wants to do. Maybe he could be a private tutor, whatever it was. But he didn't have to do his job. That's really enabling. But I never forget, I was on holiday in 2000 and I was in, I cant remember, somewhere in the Caribbean. And I met this guy at the airport and we were taking a bus to the hotel and im like, what do you do? And he was like, he was an at and T cable fitter, something like that, when they were laying broadband. And hes like, yeah, but really what I do is I day trade stocks. And he goes, ive just put in my 50 grand kitchen that back in 2050 grand, kitchen was an expensive kitchen. Thats probably like 150 grand in kitchen. Im like, really? Its like, yeah, I make all my money doing that. And then I start to realize, okay, this is now insane, where the guy fitting cables is trading and its going to happen again.
Speaker C: Of course it will.
Speaker A: And again and again.
Speaker C: In financial markets, just like in life, everything is a cycle. We talked about liquidity cycles before cycles apply to crypto too. I had meow the founder of Jupiter on this podcast a few weeks ago.
Speaker A: And he said, I think I'm meeting him tomorrow actually.
Speaker C: Exactly. Yeah, tomorrow morning, 11:00 a.m. you know this already.
Speaker A: You're stalking me because I'm gonna be there.
Speaker C: I'm gonna be there. He said, fuck. The super cycle thesis is the most toxic shit in the space. In late 2021, we had the fed increasing rates and then the subsequent blow ups of Luna Celsius, block five, FTX, and many other actors in the space. What do you think is likely to create the top in this current cycle?
Speaker A: It's always the same thing.
Speaker C: And where do you think the subsequent blowups will come from?
Speaker A: It is always the same thing. Its the liquidity cycle, stupid. When the feds start taking liquidity, or the ECB, or the Chinese, or the Japanese, thats when youve got to get out of the water if you want to, or you just accept its all going to go down youd start saving as much cash as possible to buy that dip. So its always the same thing. What Miao says there was the fed came in earlier in the cycle than we thought, and that's what truncated the cycle. So I just think it's liquidity, stupid. The moment they say, hey, we want to take some drinks away from the party, get out of the party.
Speaker C: Where is the blow up happening in the space.
Speaker A: Thats a question I think about a lot. And when I say these things now, theyre not because I think theyre going to happen. Im saying them because I acknowledge them to be risks. I look at the restaking yields, the Athena and the ethify, and all of these. Most people say, yeah, but it's in the smart contract. It's fine. I'm like, I always worry about where the yield comes from, who is facilitating that yield, and why will they blow up. So almost at every point, things blow up because there's one borrower who's too big. Long term capital management, three arrows capital, and you don't know, everybody's so busy borrowing from them that they don't realize that it's all one customer. So there's that, and we don't know who that is going to be. The one weak point that I look at the market, because I think people to kind of understand that somebody in the restaking liquid staking cycle will blow up. Right. Lido concerns me. I know generally speaking, it's pretty safe, but pretty safe is not good enough, considering it's got 20% of all eth. Right. So that would be, I would be paranoid about that. Even though it might be the best run business, it's got diversification of validators, everything. The one that scares the shit out of me that I absolutely love is derabit. Why it's 90% of the entire option market, the concentration of options in that panamanian exchange. Theyre good people, they dont run a bad business. But if somebody somewhere blows up and that exchanges insurance fund and all the other stuff somehow fails, were going to fuck ten of a mess. Everybody lays off their risk there. And this is not the Chicago Board of Trade.
Speaker C: Is it the reason why youre not buying call options on Solana, or one of the reasons.
Speaker A: No, the reason I'm not buying call options on Solana is because if I buy out of the money calls and they end up out of the money, I'll have lost money. And if I just stick it in Solana, I won't lose money.
Speaker C: So simple.
Speaker A: It's so simple.
Speaker C: It's a learning from 2021.
Speaker A: And at the end of the cycle, I might well switch all my Solana for call options, and then you can only lose the premium. But at this point in the cycle, I know somebody will nail it with call options and make ten times as much money as I've made out of the trade. I just don't want to lose my soul because it matters.
Speaker C: It's super interesting the part about derribit. Because that's what we need, right? We need people who think. Because the more we print money out of thin air in crypto like crazy p and L, the more we forget about all this stuff. Right?
Speaker A: So when you speak to the Athena.
Speaker C: People, we're actually releasing a guy from Athena this weekend.
Speaker A: I spoke to a guy the other day, great guy, super smart financial markets. I had this conversation with him. I'm like, your job is to be absolutely paranoid because people are getting the yield from the options premiums. Yeah. And again, it's not going to be thenas fault or ether Phi's fault or whoever is fault. There will be connections we didn't see. That's always the case. And then before you know, it's bringing down something bigger than you ever imagined.
Speaker C: And it will happen somewhere.
Speaker A: It will happen. It will happen because every time you build leverage on a 70% volatility asset, you all blow up all of the leverage. What's annoying is people don't learn this, the builders don't learn this, and they're going to blow up retail again. And people are going to say, see, this space cannot be controlled because they're making a fundamental mistake of trying to build leverage on a 70 volts asset.
Speaker C: Also, if you think about the essence of a bull market these cycles, it's that a bull market is an acumen. Some people are becoming optimistic. More and more people taking on more and more leverage, businesses taking more and more leverage, everything going ballistic. And at some point there is too much leverage in the system. And then we have a deleveraging event. Right. And it's happening all the time and it's going to happen again. It's that.
Speaker A: And you try and warn people, you try to talk to people. I try and advise these people and I speak to them. I've seen this shit for 35 years. It always works the same way. I beg them. I beg people not to get involved. They won't listen. Yeah.
Speaker C: Learning by doing, learning by getting wrecked. At the end of the day, that's what happens. If you don't have previous tratfire experience, it's going to happen to you.
Speaker A: Yeah, I know.
Speaker C: Don't fuck this up. Don't fuck this up.
Speaker A: But everybody is trying their best to fuck it up.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: And they don't realize it, but the.
Speaker C: Industry is also built in a way for people to fuck it up again. We say airdrops, points, leverage. It's just like a gamification of everything for people to.
Speaker A: But also the capital cycle is so far, so brutal that we clean up messes very fast and we move on to. So there is an ability to fail fast, even fail big. And the space learns every time and moves forward. It still makes mistakes, but it adapts and learns every time. So it's pretty clever in how fast the capital cycle is.
Speaker C: But as an individual, your job is you still need to have some chips to play the game. Right. If you get completely wrecked, you're out of the game and you can never come back, and you're going to hate this industry and you're going to miss out on this. Amazing.
Speaker A: So you see it with Coinbase accounts. So Coinbase had a peak, 109 million accounts. There were at bottom 9 million actives. So it's 90% drop in active users. I don't know where it is now. I'm guessing it's about 12 million. So you can see the rect ratio. Those people will come back. And once we start to see more than 50% active accounts, then we need to worry again that we've got too many people into the space. The overall number of accounts will increase, but it's that active account people talk about. The Coinbase app.
Speaker C: I was about to ask.
Speaker A: Right now, it can't happen because 110 million people have already downloaded it. It's going to be the number of active accounts that's, I think, the real measure here.
Speaker C: What's your biggest learnings and lessons from the 20 2021 crypto cycle?
Speaker A: I still didn't realize, even though I was pretty much all in, I still hadnt realized how powerful this thing was going to be. Even though ive talked about this being the largest macro trend since 2013. The longer I spend looking at it, the more I learn. The whole everything code thesis didnt come till 2022-2323 whole debasement thing only came in end of 2021. So I realized how little I know when I still know a reasonable amount. I mean, I've been around this space for a very long time, and the more I learn, I've also learned. Well, I knew this was going to be the case anyway. I didn't learn it. But the publicness of me is a really difficult thing.
Speaker C: I have a part on that, actually. There are lots of upsides to have a strong personal brand and being famous, but it also comes with a fair share of downside. One of them is fud. Fear, uncertainty and doubts when you're wrong, or worse, when some elements are taken out of context, because FuD creates a lot of attention. And for the fudders and the online world. It's all about competing for attention, right? So some guys called you Rugpal online. You know, think about it. It's good because of your ETH price targets last cycle. There was also, we talked about that before. There was also the lunamis that you weren't directly exposed to. But that's your ex business partner, Remy was on this podcast a couple of years ago, got hurt pretty badly. And as I said, for the record, I was a yemenite, I had Dokun on the podcast. I was a big Luna bull, and I got massively wrecked on Luna. So the question is obviously not about being right or wrong, because we all will be wrong sometimes. My question is about FUD. Fear, uncertainty and doubts. How do you deal with FUD, whether it's justified or not, when you built a massive influence in crypto and in an investing space?
Speaker A: I didn't intend to. I just didn't go out of my way to create this. I didn't want to do this, but I just found that I just happened to be one of the clearest communicators. Maybe it's the english accent, I don't know what it is. And so it just happened, and it happened over time. If you look at my Twitter following over time, it grew over time. When I sold out of bitcoin in 2017, I got a lot of hatred. I went back and checked some of the tweets from that period. I mean, there were some real angry people and I wasnt that much of an influence then, but Twitter was smaller then. I never expected this or wanted this, but its where I find myself. And so I try and explain to people, im not a guru, that im fallible, but at the heart of 2023, 22 and 23, there was some people who were truly awful, particularly some people from the macro world. Some of them have subsequently blown up. I don't ever call these people out. I don't ever say anything. I just kind of absorb it and try and distance myself from it. So when it gets really bad, I'm not in there fighting, because that gives them the one thing they want, attention. So I refuse to give them attention. But, yeah, 2020, early 2023 was just, it was awful. Awful.
Speaker C: How did you deal with that concretely? Every day? Right. For example, meow from Jupiter. They launched Jupiter. I don't remember, two, three months ago, ten plus billion valuation, massive thud. It got destroyed completely. And we talked about that. He gave like a kind of like three things he's doing, but one of them was like, man, you just go to sleep like concretely when there's this massive. The first thing I do, I go to sleep. What did you do?
Speaker A: I go to sleep easily, but I wake up at 03:00 a.m. and then you're alone with your own horrors. I learned with the horrors. The best thing to do is realize that you're your most irrational self is the 03:00 in the morning self. So I go and write it down. Go and have a cup of chamomile tea or something. Try and calm down. Write it down. Get out of your head. The crazy thoughts. You can go back to bed. You generally can get back to sleep. But December, no, January. My wife was climbing mountains. I was on my own and I was stressed out. My brainstor and I was being attacked and everything else. A friend of mine who lived in Spain did yoga with her every morning and I was canceling all my yoga classes and I do it over Zoom. Shes like, whats going on? Im like, its a shit show. Shes like, right, Im going to get on a plane tomorrow and im going to sort your life out. Forced me to do yoga every day, every morning, kind of massage stuff, different stuff. And two weeks of just getting back on that got me back on track. So it's going back to some sort of routine, even though it's the hardest bloody thing or going to nature is the way that you can get away from it because you realize that that's just all electronic noise of those weird people on that small little screen screaming and shouting at you. Also, just going out, meeting people helps, particularly when you've got real hatred from some just terrible people online. And then you go to others and they're like, oh, no, you've really helped me. I'm like, so I'm not the worst person in the world. And taking you on this terrible journey and you're all wrecked and you're all like, find me those people. It's like, find me the actual people who didn't understand that you brought calls on Eth. And when you find out who they are, and people have even shown me the kind of the circles of who these people were, they weren't even involved in my world. They were people looking for somebody to bring the fuddle.
Speaker C: Did you try any ayurvedic thing or I TCM or other things? Because you said, like, there's this woman who, like, is into yoga. She probably brought some, hey, you can do some reiki or some acupuncture.
Speaker A: Yeah, I did all of that kind of stuff. Meditation, walking is what really works. For me, walking a beach in bare.
Speaker C: Feet is the bare feet thing on the beach.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's a huge thing. And doing that every day, every morning or walk in the park, whatever, it doesn't matter. Those things. Ashwanganda, which is indian, which is super helpful for sleep. For me, that was a game changer. For me. On the flip side, drink too much wine in the evening to try and switch by.
Speaker C: That's an interesting one.
Speaker A: But the problem is it wakes me up. So I go to sleep, then it wakes me up.
Speaker C: Because the wine is. We're drinking wine here. Yeah, we all love, like a good red wine. You love wine, but there is a thin line between, hey, I'm doing that because I enjoy it or hey, I'm doing that because it makes me forget things. Right at the end of the day. Right.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Which you can very easily fall into because it feels good.
Speaker A: Well, if you think of the end of a day, you're kind of spiky. You have a cup of glass of wine and you're kind of softened and as you say, you see other people go down that slope where if you're not careful it becomes an issue. But yeah, it is a great thing. What self polices me is if I drink too much, I wake up in the middle of the night and that's even worse. So it's a fine balance.
Speaker C: You understand the leverage of media for your company since 2014, but you also understand the personal branding game since a long time. And you even, you know, despite all this kind of fud that happened and you feeling really bad, early 2023, you decided to double down on this everything code thesis and on the personal branding journey with your YouTube channel called the Raoul pal. The journeyman. Like much more active on Instagram everywhere. Right? It's not only a Twitter thing, it's an everything thing. Right? Why do you focus so much on personal brand?
Speaker A: It wasn't a choice. It was a real vision member who's a global macro investors subscriber who came to see me in the Cayman Islands. He happened to be just a small amount. Yeah, it's strong wine. He happened to be from Silicon Valley, one of the bigger. I don't want to dox him. One of the biggest firms running innovation and growth. Amazing guy. So I'm like, come to one of our board meetings. Just come and talk to us. So anyway, he dropped the thing. I didn't expect. I expected him to talk about AI applications and other stuff and where to go to the platform. He's like, listen, your problem is top of funnel. The top of funnel is you. The sooner you realize that, the better it is. I'm like, really? He's like, yes. I said, well, what does that mean? He goes, you need to start your own YouTube channel. Part of real vision. But people want to find you. And we fought for 2 hours over dinner, over it. I'm like, no, I don't want to do this. He's like, well, for the sake of real vision, for the sake of the people you're trying to help, it's the best way. So I just did it. And then I realized I had to do it. And what's hard is, where does real vision finish and where do I begin? I don't like that pollution. It's not like I own 100% of real vision, but it's what it is.
Speaker C: But that's the 2024 world that we live in, right? People follow thought leaders, and then you have a business in the back end to kind of capitalize on the personal brand and everything, right? But can a business be massively successful today without one of the leaders, or the leaders building a big personal brand?
Speaker A: Yes, if the product is essential, for.
Speaker C: Example.
Speaker A: I mean, who are the people who built slack? I don't know. I don't really care. It's a product that we all use at work or whatever it may be, right? So it's not necessarily about foundries, but it helps because every company is a media company. And attention. Attention is everything. It is upstream of every single thing. Tension is what creates religions and governments and humans and love and everything. So attention is upstream of everything. And in this day and age, the largest attention capture on earth is YouTube.
Speaker C: Absolutely.
Speaker A: Why YouTube versus Instagram or TikTok? People don't realize is Instagram and TikTok are fleeting moments of attention on YouTube. I can go on Tom Bilyeu's podcast and get 3 million people to listen to everything. 3 million.
Speaker C: And it's going to be there in five years. So there's going to be many more people who maybe don't know you yet, who can just get back to that later on. Whereas on Instagram or Twitter, they will never see the content you posted today in two years, it's lost in the mix.
Speaker A: Although AI is going to change some of that. I use grok on Twitter. It's actually pretty useful. Most people underuse it. I just use it as my Twitter search, news search. It's actually really good. That's how I found my tweets back in 2017.
Speaker C: Interesting.
Speaker A: It's super quick at doing that. AI is going to help us sort out the world.
Speaker C: Okay. I'm always going down the feed. Like, fuck, man.
Speaker A: Yeah, I know.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: Go to grok.
Speaker C: Okay. Okay.
Speaker A: Sorts it out.
Speaker C: Attention is everything.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Let's talk about the raw memes that are not so. We talked about unfucking your future before we talked about the crypto supermassive black hole.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: There's two other raw memes that are nothing.
Speaker A: Hold on. I was the one who started pristine collateral, the dollar wrecking bull buy bondswear, diamonds, all of these that are now in common language, like dollar wrecking ball. Common language, pristine collateral, all the bitcoin maxis use this. I came up with that in 2020.
Speaker C: So before we go into a bunch of the memes that are not. Why are memes so important in today's world?
Speaker A: Mimetics is just storytelling. Storytelling is everything. Humans tell each other stories. But what memes have done is that bell curve distribution. A meme number go up, money printer go b. Right? They're so magical. They're like one of these AI models that can compress down on your mobile phone but has all of the world's Internet on it. How? But that's what a meme of that sort does. It can tell you the answer. It doesn't have to tell you that. It's analyzed the entire Internet, or all of the analysis and all of crypto business cycle analysis, the history of money, the history of society, and everything that falls into this space that gets you to reach the conclusion. The number go up or money printer go burr. That's the power of a meme. If it's a true meme, particularly in this space, it is a shrunken file of an enormous amount of information that you don't need to see. It's like a zero knowledge proof. You don't need to see what's behind it, but you know it's for real.
Speaker C: So I have two additional raw memes that are not that I would like to talk about. The first one is written on your t shirt. Don't fuck this up.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: What does that mean?
Speaker A: So, I had learned from the last cycle that even if you're vaguely vague about how to navigate this space, people will a get it wrong, fuck it up so badly, and then they'll blame me for it. There's a bit of self preservation in this. So I'm like, okay, I'm going to make it a meme that is super fucking clear. Im going to launch an NFT that you put in your Solana wallet that looks at you and says theres a little video file of me saying dont fuck this up. And its basically dont use leverage, dont fomo self custody, and keep most of your assets in the major tokens. Just simple rules of thumb that don't lose your crypto. Don't lose your crypto. Don't lose your crypto. Don't lose your crypto. If the Megatrend is going from 2.5 trillion to 100 trillion, honestly, you betting on some random meme coin is not the best way to capture that trend. You might be able to get a bit of that right. Capture the fucking trend first, then you can trade around it a bit. But if you do not capture that trend, you will have done the opposite of the message. If I keep telling people, and again, this means a lot, this is the biggest opportunity, dont come to me and tell me they made money and you didnt. Literally, there are thousands of high quality people into this space trying to help. None of us have all the answers. Don't expect us to be gurus, but we are trying to help. We want everybody to come with us. It's also self interesting because the more people that come with us, the more people succeed, the more the space is valuable. So we're all incentivized, so we want people not to fail. And I don't want people to come to us and say, well, you guys got it all right. I've given you every tool, I've given you literally thousands of hours of video. I've shown you where I've got it wrong. I've shown you where I've got it right. Just be part of that trend. 2.5 trillion, 100 trillion. Don't get thrown off.
Speaker C: How do we get 200 trillion for the crypto asset class when the S and P 500 is 50 trillion today?
Speaker A: So this is a unique asset class because it's money. It's the rails for money. It's probably the rails for the financial system. Like equity should be tokenized, more efficient use of better technology, efficient capital. So that's equities, bonds, derivatives. What are derivatives? Particularly OTC derivatives. They're just unique contracts. Well, that's nfts. Okay, so the financial system. Clear. Okay, well, the derivative market is 1.4 quadrillion. Now, it doesn't mean it's 1.4 quadrillion usage of the underlying token you'd need, but that's a lot of value and volume that's going to happen. So that's the real world asset side of the equation. Then there's the culture side. We talked about memes. Memes are valuable. What is the value of the culture of Disney? Disney is what, a 100 200 billion dollar company. The value of Disney culturally. Trillion, 2 trillion. It's gigantic. The value of pop stars, the value of all sorts of things. Sports teams. We havent known how to realize these. These are intangibles. So those kind of things. Then theres just the simple use cases for things like ticketing. Straightforward. All tickets should be nfts, particularly hotel rooms, plane tickets, all of that kind of stuff. Its really interesting. I watch a lot of people, particularly the finance people who get crypto. They're like yeah, real world assets. That's the big thing. I'm like yeah, it's huge. I get it. Add together all of the financial services companies in the western world. All of them. And add together all of the culture companies. And for that, that's Google because of YouTube and WhatsApp. Thats Meta X. You could add LVMH, you can add the Disneys, the media companies, the sports teams, the music. Everything else dwarfs the finance industry, kills it. Just the number of ads that are served on social media, which is just attention monetization. Hundreds of billions of dollars a day.
Speaker C: And there is a lot of today's unrealized growth. Domestic product. Basically you're saying in the attention economy.
Speaker A: That's right. It's huge.
Speaker C: So it's not captured yet by any financial mean, but it's about even if.
Speaker A: It is, it's not captured by you and I, it goes to other people. But a lot of this is not captured. So we've seen. And again, it may be a good example and maybe a bad example. We don't know. And I'm passing judgment, but Izzy, Iggy Azalea, who was it? Her building?
Speaker C: The mother?
Speaker A: Yeah. It's not hers.
Speaker C: There's basically Kathleen Jenner.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Then there is Iggy.
Speaker A: Iggy, but what's the surname?
Speaker C: There's two different isalia or Isalea. Yeah, she's.
Speaker A: Yeah. That is tokenized culture. Does it last? We don't know. Does hers last? I don't know. But if Taylor Swift tokenized her economy, how big is that?
Speaker C: Crazy?
Speaker A: Her economy's so big it moved the us economy when she was touring. It added to GDP measurably.
Speaker C: Two things about that. One is like a shout out to Singapore government. What they've done. When they knew Taylor Swift would come to Asia, they bought all the rights for the concert. So everyone would come to Singapore to watch the concert and she would not give any concert anywhere else in Asia, which is pretty crazy and shows how forward thinking the goal is.
Speaker A: Amazing.
Speaker C: Like the other thing was a few years ago, you talked with Yatsu on your podcast, which I also had on the podcast a couple of weeks ago, and you talked about.
Speaker A: Universal basic equity.
Speaker C: We talked about that. But you also talked about, I have a blank, social tokens.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker C: What we're seeing now with these meme coins is kind of that, but not really what was expected. Right. Do you think this kind of like meme coins, celebrity meme coin, are a version of that?
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker C: Or even might be that.
Speaker A: This is the start. This is the experimentation. This is the Wild west. This is where people try stuff like we saw with NFTs last cycle. We don't know where these are going to lead to. All of these are going to come together in culture. And what we're seeing is pioneers, scammers, frontier people testing it. So I think its real. Were not there yet. But I know that social tokens and having tokenized economies and being able to earn income in an AI world from participating in communities is the most human thing you can possibly do.
Speaker C: You just mentioned nfts. I think I saw a tweet yesterday from Ansem who was asking, are nfts dead? And then there was basically two choice that you could say, no, theyre not. Theyre coming back. Or something like meme coin super cycle, or like, everythings about meme coin right now. Right? And actually the answers were interesting. 55% or 60 were thinking meme coin. So basically, nfts are dead. 40, 45 thinking, no, theyre coming back. This is actually very bullish NFT. Right. Because people are trying to not believe in them anymore. You called NFTS trophy assets. What's a trophy asset? And what does that mean for all the people who think that NFTs are dead?
Speaker A: So firstly, on the broad trend of nfts, it was culture being tokenized, creating communities. That was a test case for can we have an identity for a community that is unique to us? 99% of those projects go to zero. Let's see what happens to bored apes or punks or a bunch of these things, right? Pudgy penguins. Pudgy penguins, yeah, but let's see, right? It's interesting what we can do with those nfts. The cultural stuff and the trading speculation has now gone to memes. Will memes out perform nfts this cycle for sure, because it's captured everybody's attention. It doesn't mean that they're going away. It just means they're going to morph into the next thing and we will see. But what I realized again, it's these moments that I'm really lucky. I get to meet people, I get invited to stuff. And I learned something I didn't think I was going to learn. So I got invited to private event at Beeple Studio in January. I always owned nfts but I hadn't really gone all in. And I was at Beeple Studio and I was presenting why nfts are macro because there's a bunch of artists who are feeling shit about themselves because the NFT prices are down. I then showed them the prices versus fine wines, Rolex watches, the business cycle, all of this and theyre like, oh, its not me being a moron. Its actually part of a cycle. And im like, yeah, and heres the bitcoin eth cross should start outperforming at some point this year. Everything will be fine. Dont worry. Just keep doing what you do. And they were very thankful for me explaining this because they werent sure. But I was there observing them and the people there. Theres only 30 people or so and there were Sothebys and Christies and Moma and just like the players of the art industry. And I can see that these people were the chosen ones. And I could also see, because I'd seen this previously, is that the space is incredibly small. Everybody knows everybody and it's magic. Your one degree of separation from a cultural movement of a quantum size during the largest, fastest generation of wealth in all history. And they're literally in front of you. You speak to them on Twitter every day. They're looking for your validation. I'm like, wow, this is like being around Warhol's factory. This is like being in England in the early 2000, late nineties, early two thousands, where every music band and Damien Hirst and Tracy Emmon and dance music, everything was happening, came from England. It's like I realized it and then I just filled it all down and I'm like, what matters here? There's like the generative artists and there's the cultural artists and these guys hadn't really organized themselves in this way. And I'm like, okay, so I'm speaking to Beeple, Mike Winkelman, and he always talks about XCopy and how XCopy got him into the space. I'm like, okay, so X copy is the OG. Speak to everybody. X copies the Ogden, the unknown guy from London. And Beeple became the famous one. So you've got the most culturally relevant artists in the world, x copy and beeple, all their prices had collapsed. And then there's the generative artists, which are more for art history. You know how AI works without fidenzas and ringers and stuff like that. I'm just like, I love cultural movements. Culture and money and revolution, when they come together, are valuable.
Speaker C: There's two main points here. The first one is it's a cycle. And you compare it to luxury wines and Rolexes or pateks, meaning it comes later in the cycle. It's going to be performing well. Which is why all these artists are like, oh, thank God we're not. We're in pain, but it's going to be okay.
Speaker A: Normally it takes the eth economy to be a new all time highs. Like, same with fine wines and all of that. People need to have excess money. Excess money. You put them into trophy assets.
Speaker C: The other thing is, and it's so right, like when you said your one degree of connection, like, I've been thinking like that every freaking day since the last year. Because even me, a nobody, I'm doing this podcast. I mean, now the network is great and everything, but I'm like, for example, pudgy penguins. I know you own a board. Ape and quipopunk, right?
Speaker A: Yeah. And a rent guy and an MFEr and a bunch of culturally relevant stuff.
Speaker C: So last year I have Lucanetz on the podcast, Pojibang is for ETh. And he's there and he's like telling me, oh, we have. I mean, now it's 20 billion views on Giphy, and we're building this business. We're soliciting all these toys and all these plushies, and then we're doing all these things and I'm like, think about that. Exactly. I have this guy in front of me. The NFT was four eth. I think I'm like mega bullish on the dude. And I'm like, Kevin, take a step back. If you don't go home now and buy some pudgy penguins, you had the guy in front of you. He's not even a degree of finishing. He's in front of you. And then I'm thinking all the other people had on the podcast, big people who are based here, they all have budget penguins, profile pictures or something. Like sometimes it's just so in front of you that you don't even see it, right? And that's the crazy chance that we have in this industry, which is we have access, whether it's someone who is already big like you, or it's someone who is much smaller, like me. If you're trying to do something, you have access to the people who are building this thing, right? And they're in front of you, and they're telling you everything. And it's your choice to make, not only listen, but to take action on it. And it's so underrated, it's crazy, it's crazy, it's crazy.
Speaker A: And this will not persist. This is magic. It won't happen in ten years time. Everyone will have made too much money, will be too important, be too diversified. There'll be too many people. I can't express the magic of this moment in time. It's like, why do people love the music of the seventies? Because in the same year, you'll have seen the stones, Led Zeppelin, Fleetwood Mac, the Eagles, blah, blah, all tour at the same time. This is what we've got going on, and it won't happen again. And it's part of the don't fuck up this. It's all in front of you. And people remember these times for the rest of their lives. They honestly will, and they will want mementos from that. I have on my bathroom wall my program from Live Aid. I was at Live Aid in 1985, probably the single most important concert in history. I was there. That program is priceless for me. The x copies, the beeples. They're going to be priceless to people. Beeple every fucking day finishes the day with the Internet comment of the day. That's how you need to see him. We're in Asia, so you get it first thing in the morning. Like, I saw the one last night, and it was like. I think it was called big balls.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's a cat with the balls. I just saw it before.
Speaker A: Roaring kitty.
Speaker C: Exactly.
Speaker A: He's got the headband on with a massive pair of balls and a bunch of rats in front. And he does that every single day. He ties the bow on the Internet for the day and says, goodnight, everyone. This is the Internet for the day. That's legendary. And he's there every day. You can chat to him on Twitter. He's the nicest guy in the world, and you can just send a comment and he'll reply to you if he's not too busy.
Speaker C: It's crazy, but sometimes it's really hard because we're so not used to that, right? Just thinking, like, we're thinking these people are kind of out of reach and everything, but this is really where we're talking about that before. It's not crypto going mainstream is mainstream coming into crypto. And crypto is that space where if you have a platform, that's where you build some social proof, these celebrities or people will come to you or you have a chance to talk to them or have them on your podcast or whatever. Just because you're in crypto, it doesn't happen nowhere else.
Speaker A: I can't publicly talk about, but some of the people I have met that I got introduced to, I mean, the world's most famous people, and they come saying, okay, tell me about this. There's one guy, famous musician I have, I set up a whole series of educational talks with over Zoom. I'm like, okay, I'm going to get up to speed and his whole team up to speed on something very cool.
Speaker C: The last real meme that is not that I'd like to talk about is we have it on this table.
Speaker A: It's the banana.
Speaker C: It's the banana, exactly.
Speaker A: We're about here. This is the point. We're about here.
Speaker C: So you not only started a meme, but you actually became the meme. Right. And you're embracing it. What's the banana zone? And why did you come up with the banana zone meme?
Speaker A: So Julian Bitel and myself are writing global macro investor and we were looking at Q 420 23, and we're like, pre election cycle years, liquidity. Everything means that generally things should go bananas in Q four. So we wrote an article and we said, we called it the banana zone because things go bananas. Cut to, I dont know, by about March, April, maybe March, wed started applying it to say, okay, that was the banana zone for that quarter, but weve got the actual banana zone, which is when liquidity drives everything crazy. And then you start seeing those wonderful charts of bitcoin each cycle. They kind of do this, they do this and then they do this. It happens to be that. And it's when things go bananas and people fuck this up because they lose their minds, they fomo into everything. It's when no laws apply anymore. The law of the banana rules all. And it always happens after the halving, which is kind of here, there's a bit of chopping around. And as we start heading into the US election, between June and August, prices start going vertical. It doesnt mean we dont get these sharp corrections in the middle, but things go vertical and we will lose our minds if we are having this conversation in nine months time, well be fighting with ourselves to try and maintain the discipline that weve been trying to teach ourselves because the banana zone will be happening and it just caught everybody attention because a. It explains a lot, right? That explains my entire macro thesis that I spent two and a half hours explaining and I could have spent 6 hours explaining is all in that chart. It is also, he says phallically, everybodys hopes and dreams.
Speaker C: And its about to happen.
Speaker A: I fucking hope so, because I will never be allowed on the Internet again.
Speaker C: Fair enough.
Speaker A: You know. Yeah, God forbid if I'm wrong. Oh, the horror. But I have taken, told people to not take any leverage. But anyway, it's going to require a.
Speaker C: Few additional bottles of wine.
Speaker A: If it doesn't, a lot more walking on the beach. Yeah, that is the issue is it's become everybody's hopes and dreams. That's why it caught on so fast.
Speaker C: So you're king of memes now? Now that we understood why meme are so important, what's your view on coins attached to memes, or so called meme coins?
Speaker A: I flip around on this, I see the value. I don't have an issue with the meme having value. I kind of prefer nfts for some of this, because you can have distinct imagery around certain memes. I think it's a blunt tool for some of this. So I don't think the meme coin cycle will be as big next cycle.
Speaker C: Interesting.
Speaker A: I do think that some memes survive and they can create value by getting enough attention that then people want to build on the network. So, Bonk. They're trying to build on that network. Doge there's always the fact that Elon will build on the network. Shiba Inu they're building on the network. So if you value a network by the number of active users, this is how I broke it down to create Metcalfe's law to understand how to value crypto protocols or tokens. Number of active users value transacted, so you can have some tokens like Solana. Lots of small transactions, but a lot of them. So the total value is high, or bitcoin, much less transactions. Larger, larger in volume. That and active. That's all you need to know in this space. That's what adoption looks like. Memes only have one side, so if retail leaves, it goes to zero. If retail stays, it maintains value. Doge, retail stayed. If you build on it, you have a potential chance of using that attention and moving it into something of more value. That's how I think about it now. You're right. When you talk about social tokens, this is the experimentation in how to create tokenized economies. There's a lot in this.
Speaker C: Before, we talked about your Eth trade of last cycle and your sole trade of this cycle. Do you still have water?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker C: One more.
Speaker A: Thanks.
Speaker C: So we talked about ETH trade of last cycle, Sol trade of this cycle, right. Which you both nailed. But you actually said this one is the easy one, the hard one is to find the 20 2021 solunavax or Matic. Right. Polygon that you also call the next soul. Right. There is a reason why I didn't talk about that before, but I talk about now when we talk about memes, what new projects have a shot at being these cycles, 500 to 1000 x. And so my question, because we're talking about meme, could this cycle solunavax be a frog, Pepe. A dog with. And a cat, bobcat? And the reason why I'm saying that is I've heard you and many people talk about the new layer ones, Mona. We actually also had Keone on this podcast or maybe some layer tools or. Right. The problem is there have been a lot of conversations which makes sense about the VC game, which is this kind of low float, high fdv game, right. Which prices out a lot of the upside for the retail. So if a monad launches at, I don't know, 1020, 30 billion, what's the upside on that that retail can have? Whereas my thinking, obviously, is a very humble thinking is what are the ones that this cycle started at a low market cap and that gave a chance to everyone. And the last cycle, Solana, was also Solana, you could do 500 x liquid, right? I think was $0.50 after two months after the COVID March crash, $0.50 for some time, and then it went to $250. Right? So instead, my thinking is we're thinking about something similar, layer one, et cetera. But, like, there is a different game with the VC game, and.
Speaker A: No, that's the risk curve. Some of those will absolutely, wildly outperform everything. Why? Because they're further out the risk curve. That was punks last time. There was a bunch of those that did stupid returns on top of ETH's returns. Don't forget. I mean, I think punks did 22,000% returns on top of ETH's returns. Now, this is la la land. So that will happen again. What I'm talking about is what is going to be anointed in the blockchains, the serious blockchains. I'm still not sure about this whole fDV thing. I'm not sure it matters. I think anybody can grow out of evaluation if you've got adoption, if you haven't, you'll be crushed by it. The game is all about adoption. If one of these high fTV coins I'm on the foundation of sui Scott. It's that high fdv problem. If they create traction as Solana had a higher FDV than Ethereum beforehand. It's a function of where we are as you get more adoption. I just think we think about well where could a new layer one go? We think, well, eth's here, Sol's here. This is the. It's all wrong. They're all going up five or ten x from here. We're all wrong because we're thinking in linear terms. So the next layer one well have a 3400 billion dollar valuation, maybe 500 billion, theres plenty of money for everybody.
Speaker C: To 50 x from 10 billion basically can still do.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. And itll probably still go down 95% in the next bear market. But then out of those well find from the ashes who's going to be the Phoenix and I don't know who is going to be the anointed ones. We don't know. There's 5678 out there that could be. I don't know. I have no idea.
Speaker C: You talk about Xcopi and Bipo on the NFT side. What are your two or three favorite projects or teams in the space and why? And obviously I'm not asking for a coins or price predictions, but more about some teams that you believe have a shot to actually have a massive impact on the adoption of crypto in the next few years.
Speaker A: I don't know. VC is not my thing. I just wish everybody luck. Somebody will crack something big. I don't know. Everything always looks good to me or all the things I don't understand tend to do really well. I don't do vc at all because literally everything that looks amazing that to me generally tends to be terrible projects and everything that I think I don't understand that makes no sense at all, tends to be really good. It's just not my thing. So when you ask me what teams, I don't know, I just hope, I just wish well, for everybody just, you know, everyone's hustling, doing what they can do and that's great and I'm grateful for them.
Speaker C: You mentioned your wife before. Do you have kids? No, why?
Speaker A: I value freedom. Mentioned it before. I can move country, I can travel. There's something that makes me shudder about suburban life. Maybe the friends I grew up with, who I love dearly. Just seeing how their lives never changed. I've moved countries and I've done this, I've done that. Doesn't make me better than them. But I shudder when I think of suburban England, even country. Living in a nice country house in England, the life I was supposed to have. It honestly makes me feel sick. And so there's something about taking the kids to school in the morning and to the football game on the weekends. And you go on your two week holiday to XYZ and you do this and you do that. It's like, that's not me. It's not me.
Speaker C: You mentioned the suburb life in England, but you could do the same in Cayman Island, I guess.
Speaker A: Yeah. And grand Cayman. I kept away from Grand Cayman for a while because it's more suburban, but it's still a tropical island. It still takes a slightly weird person to go and live in an island like that. So it is a bit suburban for me. It's not my ideal place. Little Cayman. Very different little Cayman. Where I've got my other houses. Super wild, remote, weird. Yeah. I don't like suburbia.
Speaker C: What's your biggest prediction for next twelve months? A picture is worth a thousand words.
Speaker A: I don't have to say anything else.
Speaker C: No need to say anything. Raul, thank you so much. Thank you for taking almost 2 hours and a half of your precious time for doing this. And thank you for spending so much time educating all of us and putting so much invaluable content out there for free. There's an entire generation that I am part of that can now see hope and take action to unfuck themselves. And you're playing a huge part in this. And we're all super grateful to you and your amazing viewer.
Speaker A: Thank you. I really appreciate it. And I appreciate everything you're doing for the space as well. We're all trying our best to try and help as many people and also capture the opportunity for ourselves. And well done, years or thank you. Okay. I hope you enjoyed that. It was quite a revealing interview. You know, I really tried to give more of myself across. You know, how I think about the world, you know, the things that matter to me, you know, how I've been affected by things. You know, I think it was a. It was an honest, truthful interview that hopefully you got a lot out of. And hopefully we know that everybody's hopes and dreams are in the banana zone. And I don't take that lightly. And I know that I've been talking about it a lot. And while you're watching this, the crypto markets have been sideways and annoying. But zoom out, take time and understand that over time, network adoption effects and technologies play out, and this technology has a huge adoption. Anyway, see you next time. Don't forget to sign up to the channel here on YouTube or come across to real vision. Realvision.com. it's free. It'll honestly change your life. It's set up to help you unfuck your future. Anyway, see you around next time. We hope you enjoyed this episode at real vision.
Speaker B: We arm you with expert knowledge, time.
Speaker A: Efficient tools and a powerful network to help you succeed on your financial journey.
Speaker B: Get a taste of financial freedom with our free offer@realvision.com.
Speaker A: Free? That's realvision.com free.
