Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30. 30 baby get 30 baby get 20.
Speaker C: 2020, baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint mobile.com switch $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time Unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall. To get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance, visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year, join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. And now into today's episode of Ralph Real Vision.
Speaker B: Yeah, in just a second, we'll be ready to bring on Raoul Paul of real vision. Very exciting guest. He should be with us in just a second. And here he is. Here we go, live from the Cayman Islands. How's it going, gm?
Speaker C: Everyone, how are you doing?
Speaker B: Very well. Very excited to have you. You're an NFT connoisseur. I can tell from your profile picture you iconically changed your profile picture to a wrecked guy, sending it, you know, to the moon at the time. But no, Raoul, in all seriousness, we're super excited to have you. I was telling everyone that you were a major part of my bitcoin journey. And so I want to talk about all things crypto, you know, from a cycle and price action perspective as well as Macro. I like to start with open ended questions, you know, I'd love to know. In August 2023, rates are high. Jerome Powell seems to be looking to save his legacy here and not have as much extreme action. From a macro perspective, NfT seem to be bottoming here, the trough of the bottom, as crypto. Kaleo, who is a recent guest on the show, put it, bitcoin, ethereum are actually up big on the year. What do you make of all these different components, and where do you think we're at here?
Speaker C: So, look, crypto tends to be forward looking, so it follows the liquidity cycle, and the liquidity cycle is how much the central banks are printing, really. And so we know that as the economy slow down or rates get too high and the economy slows down, the probability going forwards of them having to cut rates goes up. So our liquidity indicators at global macro investor back in June started bottoming. And that's when I bought ETH into the, or added to my ethnic into that low. And then the rest of our indicators kind of bottomed in October just as the markets bottom. And it worked really well. And so the crypto markets have been forward looking. ETH seems to be more forward looking than bitcoin right now. And so they have been rallying on liquidity conditions, easing somewhat. And these are global conditions, not just the US. So we had the bank of Japan increasing their balance sheet, we had the bank of England and a few others here and there, and other liquidity indicators doing that. So that drove that forward. Nfts are like the assets in the ETh economy. And if you think of usually assets are the last things to bottom. So the stock market usually bottoms first. So, like right now in the US, the stock market bottomed in October, but the housing market's still going down. Right. And we're seeing it with Rolex watches as well, because people's discretionary spending has gone down and nobody's got any capital gains I from trading, everyone's just taking losses all day. So therefore there's little demand for NFT. So we're in that bottoming phase for nfts. And I've been mentioning this recently as well. It's the lagged effect as the ETh economy starts to recover. As the ETh economy recovers, we'll see a lot more activity in crypto and then we'll see nfts starting to pick up as people got money to spend on trophy assets or whatever within the, the youth economy. So that's where I think we are now. My work suggests that this is only going to accelerate, even though today rates really keep going up at the moment. And while the Fed look like they're pretty much done, I mean, inflation keeps falling and everyone's kind of lost sight of that. But I think the bond markets having to suffer from too much issuance of new bonds because the government's having to pay the interest on the debt and the interest rate has gone up so much that they generate, they have to sell more and more bonds, and the bond market doesn't like that at all. You'd see the same in crypto or anything else. When there's excess supply, the price collapses. So that's what's going on right now, which I think only exacerbates the chance that things get worse. And therefore, perversely, things get better for the markets because they look forward to. Oh, well, if things are really shit now, they're going to have to start cutting rates, and they're going to have to start doing quantitative easing next year.
Speaker B: Love the detail, Nick. It looked like you. Did you have something to ask Raul or some commentary?
Speaker E: I have a question about the market, but before I ask you about the market, is that a barber shop chair behind you?
Speaker C: It is a 1950s barbershop chair that I had refurbished. I've used it for both tequila shots at parties or just listening to podcasts in. So it's been multifunctional.
Speaker E: Wait, how do you do tequila shots off of a barbecue?
Speaker C: It's like an electric chair. Like, you hold it back, and then it just goes like that.
Speaker E: Okay, got it. So. So. So it's an accessory. You don't actually get your haircut in it.
Speaker C: No, but that would be cool. I should do that.
Speaker E: Okay, so that was completely unrelated, but I was curious about that chair in terms of the market. You were saying? Actually, I'm curious. So I've paid attention to real vision before, when I was getting into, well, re getting into crypto, I was in crypto, or, like, early on, but at that point in time, I don't think there was the perspective. Like, there wasn't, like, institutional investors really participating, and it felt like way more of a idealistic thing and a political ideology associated with it. And a lot of the people that I spoke with were kind of on the fringes of even, say, society when I would speak there. But so now it's evolved to a point where, like, we actually have patterns that have emerged. And some of the stuff that you were talking about with crypto being a leading indicator for the markets, some of the things that I've been seeing actually have been sort of indicate that, like, the real estate market, everyone's been saying, the real estate market is going to crash. The real estate market is going to crash, although now everything I read always ends up, like, adjusting. But at one point, they're going to say, it's a hard bot, a hard landing. Then they say, well, it's going to be a soft landing, which makes me a little bit skeptical of some of the future direction that people have. First question, when you say, we have indicators that see the market bottoming, does that just mean that you saw it tick up and therefore must be a bottom? Or, like, how do you end up, like, how do you internally quantify that? Like, what does that even mean in your mind when you end up looking at that? And how do you end up making investment decisions based on that, it sounds like you bought Eth in this case. Are you now, like, fully back in the market? Are you?
Speaker C: Well, I never got out, because I learned over time the best strategy is have a long term time horizon. And then when these kind of business cycle troughs in crypto, that 80% down move, but they're in that long term uptrend, the magic is to add to your positions every time it hits the long term uptrend, and everybody hates it. That's really where you make all of the money. What we do is we look at these indicators with a year on year rates of change. What you're looking for is liquidity to stop going down, and then it starts ticking up, and maybe it crosses through zero, or not that, but just on its way up. Usually that's the signal that liquidity is bottomed. And look, it's probabilistic, so it's not always 100% certainty, but it's like, listen, the price has collapsed. All the worst news in the world is out. Everybody hates each other on Twitter. Everybody's sure, everyone thinks everything's going to go bust. Since the end of the world, that's usually a good time. And if the liquidity indicators are saying, hey, listen, the absolute worst is now behind us. Also, it's really interesting because a lot of people get caught with present day conditions, their narrative, and then saying, well, why is the price not lower, particularly like in the stock market right now? People are like, why isn't it lower? There's going to be a recession, or whatever. It was all priced in last year. We had a 80% bear market in crypto plus. I mean, if that wasn't a recession, then I've no idea what is. The Nasdaq was down 35%. That's a recession. That's a regular kind of recession in the Nasdaq. So it all happened last year because markets are forward looking. They could see what was going on. They could see that the fed jacking up rates at the fastest pace in history was going to cause an economic slowdown now. So it actually doesn't matter if we get a hard landing, soft landing. That was all last year's game. This year's game is how much liquidity comes into the system. Even without liquidity, as long as the Fed are not just, if they just take their foot off the beach ball that's underwater, it's going to burst out, because these things are in secular uptrends. Both crypto and technology stocks are in the secular uptrend. So as soon as you stop, the rate of change, of rate rises, it all goes up.
Speaker B: I love that insight. I mean, last year when you talk about crypto selling off Facebook, you know, meta stock sold off as if it was a crypto assets five x from the bottom here. And yes, I love hearing the way you think about markets being forward looking. When I think about crypto specifically, if I recall from previous interviews I saw with you, you mentioned that you sold bitcoin in the 1718 cycle when they started forking it. That was what scared you away at that time, if I recall correctly. Then you were in on bitcoin but you made the switch to ETH in the previous cycle. Right now, are you still a giga eth bull and not so focused on bitcoin? Are you looking at other assets like Solana or avalanche or anything else? I'd love to know your crypto specific thesis.
Speaker C: Yeah. So I'm chain agnostic. What we're trying to do here is, look, I'm not web three or crypto agnostic. I'm a passionate believer. I want to educate people and help people understand that journey and help institutional investors, to corporations, to anybody use this technology because we all passionately believe in why. But at my level, I want to make money out of it too. Right? It's this magic thing where you can kind of help change the world and also make money at the same time. So all I do is just look at a couple of things. One is I use Metcalfe's law, which is like how you value networks. And it sounds like it's very fancy, but really it's some proxy of number of active addresses and the value that gets transacted on that chain each week or each month. And you find that once you use a measurement like that, pretty much all of the chains are valued accurately versus that activity. So I look for that and you think, okay, well, what's got more adoption capability right now, bitcoin or ETH? Now, bitcoin's changed somewhat with ordinals and other stuff, right? But really ETH is where everybody's building everything, okay? And it's a large asset. So then I just look at the chart of the bitcoin eth cross and this bear market ETH did not sell off versus bitcoin. In the bigger picture, it's really been in this kind of wedge pattern that usually looks like it's another breakout to come. So that kind of makes fundamental sense to me because there's more activity on chain. And, and so I think price drives it now. I then started looking at other assets, and the one that I noticed got a lot of adoption, a lot of developers, a lot of activity was Solana. So I look at the Solana Eth cross, and it's like, hell, that looks like it's going to break out, too. So my allocations are really something like 80% Ethan, 20% Solana. And there's other bits and pieces here and there, but really, it's like, it's a concentrated bet. I could change my mind if things change, I could be 100% Solana. I could be something else. But this bit, the kind of top middle to top tier, is an easier trade than trying to find the next big thing. And I'm never going to make the 500 x doing this, but I'm unlikely to lose all my money. You know, if I look at the dust in my bags from the last cycle, where I try to buy, like, an equally weighted basket of smaller stuff, I mean, all of that was a failure, apart from very few things. So I'm like, okay, I'm just going to focus on it. The other one that I'm actually focused on, I've mentioned this a few times before. I don't really have much of a position in it, but is doge. And the reason being, it has a lot of owners, but no network effects apart from memes, if Elon uses it. So right now, most people don't realize this because half of Twitter is american. We don't get payments from Twitter because we can't have stripe here in the Cayman Islands, and that's true everywhere. So there's a whole bunch of people all around the world who use Twitter who can't get payments. How do you create a global payment system for everybody or just use an existing crypto? Elon's made this very clear that he wants to use doge. So if I can just instantly pay you in doge for something via Twitter and you can convert it back into your currency of choice kind of works. So I've got my eye on that because that could be a fun one, but otherwise, I just try and stay away from all of the FOMo, you know, I've got a lot of friends of mine hitting me up about Pepe and stuff like that. I'm like, I'm just not going to do it because as soon as I get into it, it's too late. They got the bags in early. Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium Wireless 20, 20.
Speaker C: 20, 15, 15, 15. Just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint mobile.com switch $45 up front for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited. More than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com. dot.
Speaker E: I think you're describing kind of a similar thesis that a lot of us have shared on the. On the show is literally, I mean, I have a bitcoin. I've wanted to have a bitcoin, and so I always had that. But the basically eth soul and doge were so that, like, we have the really. Yeah, it's basically the. Well, so we have easy, who comes on our show often, and he does street interviews, and he'll go ask people. He's like, name a cryptocurrency. And they all say dogecoin. So that's like the first thing. Everyone knows that. So when they want to go brand recognition, right? Yeah. They're going to end up buying Dogecoin at some point. Like, and inevitably, it's like when their friend gets rich because the price went up, well, then, like, more people, like, jump in and want to get price action. I was going to ask one thing. It seems like you want.
Speaker B: Well, just real quick. I mean, I'm blown away that literally, Raoul, like, talked about the three assets that we've talked about on the show recently, which is Eth. I mean, obviously we talked about ETH, but we started building on Solana a few months ago. And in that process and meeting people that are building on Solana, I was like, I kind of think that we need to start buying Solana. So I've been accumulating Solana, and then with dogecoin, between what Nick just mentioned about the street interviews, to also, like, it just seems like the normie crowd, you know, no disrespect, but the people that aren't crypto native are particularly interested in buying doge. I remember last bull run, I was at a martial arts gym, and one of the black belts was asking another guy when he should sell dogecoin. And I was like, all right, well, this is some kind of indicator here. But anyway, Nick, go ahead. And then I also want to ask Raoul, after Nick asked this question about what's going on at real vision, because I do think it's a really cool platform. And then I want to see if Spencer signal has any questions. But Nick, please go ahead.
Speaker E: So the thing I was going to ask is you said all the chains are valued accurately because of the activity on chain. One thing we've been discussing, I'm curious, a how do you measure that? B how do you value that? But the way that we were discussing it, we've been talking about we have our own, it's not a coin. It's literally like it's a point system that exists on our website but it's called bones and that's the token that exists inside of it. But it's not a token. It's literally just a database entry in a database ledger. But the metric that I was looking at was turnover velocity of money. Essentially like how fast are we turning over money that's available inside of the ecosystem. And I went and looked up the us rate of velocity of money and I think it was something like 1.2 or 1.4 per quarter that you have basically all of the money supply turnover. Now how they measure that I think the real metric is like GDP relative to money being turned over but there's different ways of measuring that. But when I went and looked at nfts for example as a percentage of ethan it was awful. Like the statistic, like the number was like all the NFT sold accounted for like 5% of the total supply of ETH at this moment in time or like 10% of all ETH in the system. And I was like well that's that. That doesn't seem to be like a positive indicator. Like that just means it could mean over early in the adoption cycle there's a number of factors but I'm curious how do you measure that? And do you ever look at that velocity of money side or am I crazy to be looking at that?
Speaker C: Yeah I think you are. And the reason why, look it's directionally right. The reason why is different chains trade different values. So XRP has quite a lot of throughput but it's super low value much like layer twos super low value, high throughput. What you find is bitcoin has larger transaction sizes so theres more activity thats worth more money thats happening amongst more people. Thats how I think about it. So its got to be some sort of cleaned version of active wallets whether you use the Masari one or whichever one. And I dont think theres a pure mathematical formula but we just multiplied one number by the other. That chart is exactly the same as the charts of the underlying chains. So that's really interesting to me. The one that started deviating was actually ethereum and it was after 1559 came and the burn started happening is suddenly it started trading at a premium because it's like a stock that's got a dividend as well. So there was an extra value to it. And we've seen that pretty consistently with others that have similar types of mechanisms. So velocity of money is helpful. It shows that there's vibrancy on chain, but you can game it. It's really hard to gain high values of transactions and nfts. What you're talking about tells me we should be near the bottom because the NFT total velocity of money or value transacted is terrible right now because if you think of the number of active addresses versus total addresses in crypto, that's down 65%. So we've got like 118 million coinbase wallets and 9 million actives. And then in NFT land it's another leg lower than that. Right. So what you've got is something that's like 90% discount to where activity is now. So if you get an increase back in activity again, we will see money flow through into this area. So for me it feels like it's really cheap and you always need some sort of crisis to cause it. And the blur farming crisis I think was the classic. Plus a couple of fumbles by some of these NFT communities, Azuki and stuff. Its like, okay, this gets interesting because the blur farming had created just this ongoing selling from one market maker to another market maker to another market maker to another market maker. And everybody was going lower. Now they all thought they were going to get compensated by the price of owning the blur token. My guess is theyve all got a massive loss and thatll be end of that game. And thats good because this is the kind of funnel flush. And I joke with Ov and Mando from Ret guy. I'm like, you triggered this because the market, they dumped all of those punk apes, apes into a market using that liquidity. And that triggered a liquidity cascade that has not stopped yet. Still ongoing because there's no actual buyers around right now because nobody's got any money. Everyone's skinned.
Speaker B: Yeah, they made a good move for sure. Iconic move, ladies and gentlemen, if you're not aware of it, the $9 million press a button board ape sale through blur.
Speaker E: Nick, real quick, I just wanted to say and the only buyer in the market, we got him right here. Spencer. He's out buying NFT, protecting your bags, doing, doing it, doing the service.
Speaker B: Well, Spencer, it seems like you have a question for Ral then. I do want to dig into real vision, but Spencer, go ahead please.
Speaker F: Speaker four yeah, no, and you know, it's tough to be the only buyer, but somebody's got to do it.
Speaker C: It's the right strategy.
Speaker F: Of course, I have lots, one might even argue irrational faith, but that's a question for another time. Raoul, I really love your perspective on macro here and I sort of have two questions. I think one thing that some people are pricing in is, look, it seems like we likely won't get significantly more rate hikes. That's what a lot of people, it sounds like you were kind of agreeing with this take. But the thing that seems to me a lot more uncertain is the delta between hey, we're pausing rate hikes and maybe we have see a line of sight in forward guidance to rates are actually coming down. And that's where I see the most disagreement among people who are smart about macro. So I'm curious what your perspective is. Right, like there's a real scenario here where hey, we just kind of keep rates for a year or two years, you know, maybe like what do you think looking forward, because for me, and this is where I may be a slight disagreement with something you said, you were like, okay, as soon as we see rates pause, this is the real easing up. But I think to me it's like okay, as soon as we see rates pause, that's when the real question happens, which is when do we see rates potentially come down? How do you think that plays out in the next year to two years?
Speaker C: Yeah, I've got quite a strong view on this that I think the fed aren't stupid. They know all the forward looking indicators. They know that growth is weak. They know that inflation, all the forward looking indicators, inflation are falling. They know that rents are coming down. They know that unemployment is likely to rise. They know all of this. So then you've got to ask yourself why are they so late? And my thesis is because they need a inflation to undershoot. And the reason is because they need to get rates below trend rate of GDP, which is 1.75% because theyve got $6 trillion of interest payments to make of bonds to roll plus new bonds to issue. All of that has historically ended up on the fed balance sheet. So the pandemic debt issuance was three and a half years ago. That is coming up for rolling. And I've proven out in this work called the everything code, that seems to always end up on the balance sheet of the central bank. And that's consistent with the US, the UK, the EU, Japan. I mean, pretty much everywhere is doing the same thing. There was a global accord on interest rates, which is why we're so cyclical. It matches the bitcoin halving because everything got reset to zero in 2008. All rates were cut to zero. It was like a debt jubilee. So my view is, and the work that we do at global macro investors suggests that the economy keeps slowing. Inflation really starts undershooting in the last quarter of this year. So I think there is a probability that they cut this year, which the market doesn't believe yet strongly. Were going into an election year. Were going to see, if you remember, unemployment and inflation are really lagging indicators. So they lag by about nine months most of the business cycle, and some of these things lag 18 months. So were going to see wage inflation falling out until the end of 2024. And so thats going to make it look like core inflation is super low and the Fed have all the COVID in the world to print as much money as they need going into an election. And look, I think so, yeah. The probability is that. But the question is, does it matter? So think of the beach ball. You take your foot off the beach ball, that's rate rises. Stopping it comes straight out of the water. Because it's a secular trend, the speed and magnitude of that trend, do we get a gust of air underneath the beach ball to lift it up into the sky? That's the rate cuts and mainly Qe. So either way, it does fine. Now, if you go back to this hypothesis and look at 2019, similar thing. The Fed paused December 2018. Bitcoin was up 300%. Six months. The Nasdaq screamed higher. We had the same in 2011. When the Fed paused, everything screamed higher. So I think, though, you can't stop the trend, but you can accelerate it. Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners, and then we'll be right back.
Speaker G: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what with each vendor. Ramp software collects and verifies receipts instantly to save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments. Time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line. The if you're a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get $250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy. Ramp.com easy. Ramp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank.
Speaker A: And celtic bank members of the IC.
Speaker G: Terms and conditions apply.
Speaker F: You know, I'm kind of gaming through this scenario, and I love your sort of bullish end of your perspective, because I think that, that, you know, kind of a well reasoned argument. One thing that I've been considered, you know, you talked about where do nfts fall in all of this, and what's a leading and what's lagging to sort of macro. At least my view here is like, so eth feels like pretty obviously correlated to S and P. If we have a big, although S and P recover a little bit more like percentage wise up from the bottom, it's kind of mixed, right? It's pretty correlated. It seems pretty obvious to me that if we have a rate pause and or a rate decrease, like, we'll have eth run, right? That's, I think, not a. Now, my question is, and this is what I have a harder time thinking about, is what the impact on nfts might be. Because historically, when we've seen significant ETH runs, we see nfts sell off in ETH, because everyone's like, oh man, eth is running. Gotta go catch my eth run. So sell my nfts, right? Do you think, like, where do you think this, like, how do you think that nfts is a pause or decrease in interest rates? Long run bullish for nfts, is it short run? How to think about that relationship?
Speaker C: Yeah. So I think that assets tend to lag by twelve to 18 months in any economy, just because it's wealth effect that gets recycled. So nobody's making any money yet. So what we've got is we are 15 months behind ETH making a low last year. So, okay, we're in the zone. So you buying nfts right now is exactly in the right zone. We can never time it perfectly. And there's different assets. It's very complicated with nfts. But generally speaking, have punks hit their low? Most likely was that the flush out? Is that the benchmark is that like bitcoin or ETH hitting its low? Probably. So that's how I think about it. They're lagged. So then we need to go into the future 18 months and say, okay, the action's not really going to happen for a while, so it should base come up a bit. And we've seen that with punks and some of these. They came up from the low. They'll probably stabilize for a while if ETH rips higher, which I think there's a very high chance it does, even into the year end. They won't participate. Obviously, ETH goes up, so you participate anyway. But the ETH call option that nfts have embedded in them. But the real action in nfts is later in 2024 and 2025, particularly when everyone's made a bunch of money in their bags and Solana's gone up 20 x and they're all feeling clever and they all want to buy fidenzas. That was also the other interesting point is we saw the generative high end art market bottom and actually go up. And that's a signal as well. So that was flight to quality. So the flight to quality started to happen and we kind of rotate through the curve while kind of all of the less quality stuff has gone essentially to zero. Yeah, that's right.
Speaker B: Yeah. I love the insight and pointing out that doesn't mean every NFT is going to go up. Right. You called out punks. You called out the high end generative art market. Those are sort of the proof in areas of nfts, if there are any. I want to talk about real vision for a moment, which is your content platform. We've had one of our NFT brothers I've seen make appearances there and do a great job. Sergio Silva, known as Sergito in the NFT space. So he's made some great contributions there. I also remember in 2020 you had a trader on real vision. I don't remember the gentleman's name, but he called the commodities pump, like on lumber and stuff. And I just remember being blown away by that. I was like, wow, I would have never thought to turn to that market. But what's going on with real vision right now? And maybe give some context, because I do think a lot of our audience would appreciate it as a platform.
Speaker C: Thank you. Yeah, look, real vision is the place, like, everybody here has watched real vision. It's like, it's a place where you come for high quality knowledge. You get to learn and we interview. We started nine years ago after the global financial crisis and the european crisis. When our whole banking system, I was living in Spain at the time, we almost lost the entire banking system. That's when I started getting into crypto as well. 2012, 2013. But the idea was, people are now on their own. You can't trust the advisor, you can't trust the banks. Who do you trust? You have to learn it yourself. There's been a big movement from Occupy wall street onwards to take back control of your own finances because everybody realizes they've been screwed in this whole process. Real vision was the answer to that. Wanted to democratize all of the knowledge. So we started all this long form finance content didn't exist before real vision, and we just interviewed the most famous hedge fund managers, analysts, strategists, and gave it to people, you know, subscription based business. And it kind of changed a lot of people's lives. And then, you know, we were back in 2014 when we first launched, our first ever video was about crypto. So it's been part of this thesis, all of these worlds combined. And then as it's grown, we realized that what we've also built was a community. Because people who like real vision content, like you guys, tend to be like minded, curious, open minded, interested in how the world works and trying to figure it all out. So we found we built a larger and larger community, and then we've been leaning into that at a time. So now we've just building an entirely new platform, which is everything from, you know, pricing and charting and that stuff. But we've also got AI that helps people explain. So you guys aren't finance naturals, but you'll be able to just find out what does reverse repo mean? Highlight it. The AI will explain it to you. If you just want a content summary, it'll do that. We've got that. We've also created this incredible network map of all real vision members around the world. So you can connect with anybody in this cool visual, not like a discord which goes like this, but you can go and find where everybody is. So let's say you're on a trip to Paris. You're like, well, who's in the real vision community in Paris? I can have a drink with, and you can kind of see them and then chat to them and stuff like that. And around all of that. You know, I've had this core thesis that web three is the future of a lot of this. So we've had NFT communities for a while. So we had the genesis NFT that was free with the pro crypto subscriptions. And that's had held good value over time because it's really that our genesis, and they've had a lot of perks for doing that. Then we thought, I've been, if you look at my Twitter PFP, it's a mashup between my bored ape and my x copy and my Damien Hirst. No, just with the x copy on that one because I wanted to show after crypto where it's so tribal. Web three is less tribal. The NFT world's less tribal. It's a nicer, better spirited place. I want to show that all these communities are together because we're doing something bigger here. This movement to web three is something bigger. We leant into that with a NFT project called the Real Vision Collective, where we bought all art from different projects, even got rights from Damien Hirst to use his to mash these things together, make unique art, to say, listen, here's a place where anybody in the web three community, whatever projects they're involved in, whatever they like, can come together, learn together, exchange ideas and get a bunch of perks. It's like a membership NFT with cool art and a whole bunch of perks. The season one came with real vision subscriptions for five years and all sorts of stuff. Because again, we want to educate, help and bring people together. So our view at real Vision is knowledge times tools Times Network is your best chance of success. Well, it is success. So we leverage into that. And we're just actually, right now, finishes today, we're just minting season two. But you'll like this because season two again is another mashup. It's a cool mashup. I mean, who have we got in this one? We've got crypto dick butts, obviously, and a whole bunch of CCO stuff. But the magic of this one is not only joining the community and the discords, and soon as we launch our new platform, be token gated content in token gated areas and stuff is, I want to have a bit of a joke because everybody knows that I bought ETH call options at the peak in 2021 and that bet went wrong. And I spent 5% of my bag on ETH call options and they went to zero. And I always say that nfts are also a call option on ETH. If you get punks right now and they triple and ETH triples, you've made a ridiculous leverage about money. So we thought, well, why don't we lean into this? So 5% of all of the proceeds of the NFT buys ETH 3000 calls for year end.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker C: And then it gets given away in some sort of grand prize. So there'll be somebody gets like 50% of it. Now if we sold all 9000 nfts, that thing could be if eats at 4000 by year end, which is possible, I think it's worth over a million bucks. And so that becomes just a fun game that everybody plays is what's the price of eth? And am I going to get selected in the prize giveaway? And it's also just to educate people about how these things work. So yeah, there it is. And what we're going to do is I think we're going to stop at 5000 and then burn the rest to maintain the value. So there's not that many coming and that finishes today. But it's fun and it's an amazing community. And then you get part of the whole real vision engine of stuff that goes along with it. Real cool to see real vision.com forward slash collective for anybody who's interested, realvision.com.
Speaker B: Collective, ladies and gentlemen. And yeah, it's interesting to integrate web three with the subscription based content service. A lot of people have kind of talked about doing it, but we haven't really seen that many examples of it. So it's cool to see. I'm assuming it's gone well.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's gone great. Everyone's still trying to figure out the business model of a lot of this stuff. Yeah, because, yeah, it's complicated with subscriptions versus one off payments, but we've also got a lot of other experiments to come. What we can do, how we can integrate digital id, how we can do all sorts of things. So we've got a kind of ambitious roadmap to how we can integrate web three and not make it that it's all about web three. We've got to as crypto natives, if we want adoption, we need to abstract this stuff away. You can't use a metamask wallet and get some person who's been in macro for 20 years or traditional markets and expect them to go through that pain and then screw it up and lose everything. It's just like, no, we've got to abstract away. So I'm really thinking about that. How can we lead the way here and show different ways of doing it? I think Reddit have done about the best job of anybody, which never gets talked about in NFT community. They've launched not only a token, which nobody's managed to do, that hasn't gone to zero because all the money leaves the ecosystem, and they've managed to launch a massive scale of NFT without making it all about the price.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, when you just said it right there, I was just going to say, and I know I want to throw to Nick, and I think Signal might have a question, too. But the reason I agree with you about everything that you said about Reddit, and it doesn't get attention in the NFT space, like you said, because there isn't this humongous price attached. Like, basically, if you want to know what's getting the most attention in the NFT space, just look at the highest price items. That's, you know what, whatever has the most liquidity, whatever has the highest price. That's what gets talked about, no matter what the circumstance. Nick, you were going to ask Ralph something?
Speaker E: No, I was just going to comment on the thing that he was saying with Reddit, that we use that as inspiration. We have our own NFT platform, which is free. There's no, you don't even need a wallet to connect, actually, which is how Reddit initially, you can move things into your wallet in our system, the majority of them are not, but it is all, it's essentially custodial nfts, so you can go claim them for free. There's no trading of it right now. Inevitably, some of that will eventually show up. But we have in house artists that end up making the art, and we have almost a million nfts collected in the past few months on the platform. And I think a, no one pays attention to it. But that's all good because we have a bunch of people who interact on the platform. But the, the future of all this, I look at something like d gods and some of the things that are going on right now in the space, and it's just like the future of this is not about $50,000 priced assets, although that does exist. But before the COVID after the trough, and then the boom followed, basically none of us were talking about, like, I wasn't collecting art. Like, that just wasn't, like, that wasn't part of my life. That wasn't even like a thing. Yet now suddenly everyone's just like renowned art collectors all of a sudden. But like, in general, that's not like a conversation of the masses that people are talking about what antique item you just purchased or something. And so that's like a very limited subset of society which is even focused about on that. Yet the conversation spread into the masses, which is awesome. And I think that's just because of the digital overlap that exists there where you have mobile app adoption or mobile adoption and accessibility of these things and you can interact with it, whereas with, like, I can't interact with my rich uncle's painting. Like, that's just not something that I'm engaged with. So cool. That part's awesome. But we haven't seen, I think top shot was really the only, like, I.
Speaker C: Think Topshop and the one that nobody knows about is Ticketmaster. They've issued more nfts than anybody in the world.
Speaker E: Ticketmaster has issued more?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker E: Okay. I never checked.
Speaker C: It was 14 million nfts.
Speaker E: Wow. Okay.
Speaker C: And what they've done is basically, you go to a sporting event, you go to an Elton John console, whatever, their wallet, because all of Ticketmasters stuff now is all. You have a Ticketmaster wallet without telling you it's a web three wallet. So what they do is they drop into your wallet. A memento of the Elton John console, the Dallas Cowboys game you went to without the expectation of people trading them. Some will, they'll get scarcity and stuff once people figure this out. But they've been doing this at scale for a while. I think it's really interesting, which is kind of like top shops, but a different way. Topshops was like, you buy your moment. This is, you went to an event and here's memento. And I think of it that way because I'm a massive music fan and I'm old enough to have gone to live aid back in 1985, and I've still got my program and it's framed on my wall because it's an, I was there, right? It was like a humanity scale, one point in time. And so I kept it. Nfts are going to be involved in so many things that people don't understand yet because we're all focused on, oh, you know, what's the next Fidenza or what's the next ape? Or what's the next whatever? That's mainly a distraction to really, the NFT technology. It's just the fun we're having as we're trying to figure this stuff out.
Speaker E: Where do you get the stats on how many nfts are issued by Ticketmap?
Speaker C: Spoke to them.
Speaker E: Oh, okay.
Speaker B: There you go. Right from the horse's mouth, a signal. Looked like you had a question for Ral.
Speaker H: Yeah, Raoul, I was going to say, I really wish real vision existed when I was at university or just out, because it would have saved me from reading hulls, options, futures and derivatives over and over again. And I could have just asked the community.
Speaker C: I know, it's so much easier building.
Speaker H: Yeah, so much easier. I was going to ask, like, earlier on, you mentioned that liquidity indicators are potentially a signal of what can happen in the future. There's been so much attention on BTC ETF's. ETh ETF's coming from institutions like Blackrock. We've seen, obviously, that investment banks over the last five to eight years have stepped into crypto, stepped out of crypto. How much of a catalyst event do you think these BTC ETF's really are?
Speaker C: So the biggest catalyst event of all is just price rising. Everybody's fomo, right. So my work, because I've got an asset management firm called Exponential Age Asset Management, we invest in crypto hedge funds, which is another way to fund the funds. So it's another way institutions can get in. So my speaking to institutions is like, they've all done the work. I've known about Blackrock, Apollo, all of these guys for three years now. I mean, they've all been ready, but they've been waiting for this turn. So I think, let's say we might get the ark one through today or it might happen on Monday. There's a possibility that it goes through. Everyone's saying, no, it's not going to be the ark one. We'll have to wait for the Blackrock one. But look, there's a possibility that happens today. We should take everybody by surprise. What does that enable that enables? Well, the average millennial buyer of crypto is already a coinbase user, stuff like that. So its not going to bring them in. Its going to bring in the boomers and the Rias who use boomer assets. So right now, cryptos were up between 50 and 80% this year. So its attractive, its better than every other asset. But really, if it triggers a price rise, it will trigger a stampede. And we've seen these points in time where it just sucks in a bunch of people, but the narrative has been pretty bad around it still. So if you think of the normie baby boomer whose Raas advising him, he's still in the FTX as a scam, everything's terrible phase. So we've got to get through the other side of that. And I think it's price that does it. So I don't think it's the biggest price event yet, but it will definitely see capital flowing into the space over time. So it drives the next wave of adoption. Now, what's weird is we won't be able to use number of active addresses for wallets because there's these massive aggregator wallets which would be these ETF's. So it's going to get a little more complicated to understand the space. So I think that all of the investment banks are working on this. They want to offer it to the clients. The regulators have made it too complicated for them to do so, but they are ready. Theyre all working on blockchain technology to issue securities and do a whole bunch of stuff, derivatives, everything weve got. The asset management firms have all done the work on it. Most of them did some VC investing in the space and theyve got clarity to do this, but theyre just waiting to not get fired. So they need the price to start going up. Then weve got the Raas whove dabbled in the space, but now they'll have a vehicle because the grayscale trust really hurt a lot of investors for the Raas. So we've kind of got all the component parts in place plus the liquidity component because people to invest need to have some bloody money and nobody's got any money. Still. Everybody's liquidity up to here because if you were a VC style longer time horizon investor, your money's tied up, you havent got any capital gains, youve had no exits from anything. And the average investor and the average fund manager hasnt participate in this massive Nasdaq rally. So theyre all watching it. Nobodys made money yet. So that cycle is yet to come. So thats why back end of the year, im pretty interested, which is why I like this 3000 strike eth call option, because I think theres a probability it gets there. But its all to play for 2024.
Speaker E: Well, that for 2024, when a velocity of crypto turnover is going to be the metric that you're looking at.
Speaker B: Okay, Nick, stop shilling your metrics on Ral. I love that sweepstakes model Ral because I feel like it's something that, it seems like you understand the space because that is something that people in the space I'd imagine would really appreciate. Also love what you mentioned about VC's. VC's deployed all their capital in late 2021. It seems people told us that we had a bad deck and we still raise seven figures at that time. And I just think about right now, I'm like, we couldn't do that right now with, with a deck that everyone said was universally not that great. One thing, and I know we're limited on time.
Speaker E: You have to speak for yourself, Pia. I'm still closing the deal.
Speaker B: Nick is the fundraiser extraordinaire anyway, I know you have to jump in a moment. Just one thing I want to cover is you talked about the comparison between like, you know, Ethereum and NFTs versus stocks and real estate. And I think real estate is a subject a lot of consumers are interested in. A lot of our audience is interested in. Everyone says the real estate market is going to crash. It's going to crash. It certainly slowed. But what are you seeing with real estate? Where do you think it goes and how closely are you paying attention to it?
Speaker C: So we think that year on year rate of change of real estate kind of bottomed prices. At the beginning of this, we thought prices will ease off somewhat, but they won't go down a lot. So our guess was 10% from peak to trough. And it's looking like it's going to be somewhere like this because I don't think this is a catastrophic recession. It's more like the recession that none of you guys will remember, which was 1990, which was like it was just a recession. Prices went down, things sucked. Everyone's no houses traded for a while, which is what's happening now. Just house prices aren't trading because nobody can take out a mortgage with interest rates this high, all of that stuff. So everything's gone illiquid. It's kind of like the NFT market. It's gone illiquid. Prices get marked down, not a lot going on, but we've still got this ongoing demand of anybody who's a millennial who's getting, because everybody's in there kind of hitting 35, they're at point where they're settling down and thinking, I need to buy a house. So it's keeping a floor under house prices anywhere. Yeah, some other, well, before the boomer, houses that were out in the countryside were trading for nothing because nobody wanted them, because everyone was working in a city that whole things changed. Now suddenly Hudson River Valley is the place everybody wants to go. And people are moving out to rural New Jersey to buy five bedroom houses for the price of a shoebox in New York City. So the structure of the market is changing. So im not wildly negative. Commercial real estate, it's totally fucked, right?
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, on a different podcast that we have, we talked to someone about his, he called it a bubble. He said commercial real estate is basically a bubble at this point. And he was talking about all different factors and the issues that exist there. Spencer, did you have a question here?
Speaker F: Oh no, I just want to hop in on this. That one thing that I thought was really interesting about commercial real estate. So I talked to a friend of mine who's a big real estate investor, and I was like, you know, it strikes me that you could just flip it all to residential. And they're like, no, no, it's actually the cost to convert commercial real estate to residential is ten x higher than you think it would be and often is cost prohibitive. And that's always been something that I guess I was wrong in making assumptions about was that the ease of flipping it. And so commercial real estate, I agree with you, has these giant headwinds.
Speaker C: So again, play out in macro land. What we do in macro land is what are the knock on effects. So commercial real estate bad, all of thats on the books of the regional banks. The regional banks are troublesome anyway with the yield curve and rates. So what does that lead to? More cowbell. All of those assets are going to have to end up on the central bank balance sheet. So theres no way around that except more cowbell. So again, that's, that's the, that's, that's how you think in macro. You have to go step, step, step, never look at today.
Speaker B: Love the quote, Nick.
Speaker E: More, more cowbell being print more money.
Speaker C: Indeed.
Speaker B: Love it. Well, look, Raoul, we really appreciate you joining us. What was the link for real vision and any closing thoughts on, you know, real vision or anything that you have going on that you'd like to let the audience know?
Speaker C: Yeah, look, if you're curious, in the space, a lot of people have come into web three and didn't know about finance, have had to learn the hard way that macro matters. Real vision, we've actually currently got, just as we're rolling out the new platform, we're about to close the doors on new subscriptions for a while while we just integrate the new platform. But if you go to, I think it's realvision.com lastchance, we've got this crazy deal. It's like dollar 20 for three months just to get in the door, get learning. It will help you. As you've heard our conversations here, these worlds are the same world. We have to stop pretending that different worlds, they're the same world. And then if you're interested in being part of the community, the other way is realvision.com collective and get involved with the NFTs and get involved in the game of the call ups on ETH because it's going to be a lot of fun. If ETH is like at 3000 by like beginning of December, it's, it's game on. Right. So it's just fun. And it's a great community. Really is vibrant.
Speaker B: That's, that mean, that's a juicy contest. So, ladies and gentlemen, it was cheaper as well.
Speaker C: It's only like. .0698 so, yeah, nothing.
Speaker B: Nft people aren't used to paying. Let's be real. That's, that's definitely right in the pocket there. Well, look, ral, we really appreciate you having, we really appreciate you coming on. Ladies and gentlemen, Raoul Paul of real vision. This was not a sponsored spot. This was just, you know, someone that we're really excited about bringing on the show as an honored guest, someone that had a big impact on my personal bitcoin and crypto journey. So thanks so much for joining Ralph, really, we really appreciate it.
Speaker C: I love this. I think we should all do more of this is just merge all our communities, get everybody involved because together we're better. And that's what I love about web three. We're not tribal. And so the more we do together, the better it is for everyone.
Speaker B: 100%. Couldn't agree more. Check out the two links. I'm sure clemente has them on the screen here with the banner. It's real vision.com, lastchance for the deal for the three months for $20. Then there's realvision.com collective for the mint that's closing today. Look, ladies and gentlemen, if it's your first time listening, we do the show Monday through Friday, 09:00 a.m. eastern time. You can find Raul on several other much bigger podcasts, but everybody knows this is the best one. One more. Thank you to Ralph. Thanks so much for joining. We're ready to wrap. And ladies and gentlemen, check out the show on YouTube, Twitter spaces, audio podcasts on Apple, Spotify, wherever you get your podcast. We'll be back on Monday. Thanks so much for listening, everyone. And make sure you check out, you know, all things real vision. If you're interested in really taking the market by the horns, we will catch you next time. Thanks for listening.
Speaker D: What's up, revolutionaries? Thanks for tuning in. For more content like this, head over to realvision.com and get unfiltered access to the very best, brightest, and biggest names in finance.
