Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile.
Speaker B: With the price of just about everything.
Speaker A: Going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us we brought in.
Speaker B: A reverse auctioneer which is apparently a thing.
Speaker C: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless how to.
Speaker B: Bid to get 30 30 baby get 30 baby get 20 2020 baby get 2020. Biddy get 15 1515 just $15 a month so give it a try at mint mobile.com switch $45 up front for.
Speaker D: Three months plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited more than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot do.
Speaker C: You know the number one obstacle to financial success? Time or lack of it. Without enough time, you cant learn efficiently, plan effectively, or focus on the right strategies. Thats why real vision offers you a simple and efficient way to gain expert knowledge using time saving market tools and leverage the brainpower of our community to help you succeed faster. Get a taste of financial freedom with our offer@realvision.com. forward slash free that's realvision.com free.
Speaker E: Hi, I'm Raoul Powell and welcome to my show the Journeyman, where I take that journey with you to the nexus of macro, crypto and the exponential age of technology. This is a journey for me because it is my authentic journey of knowledge. Now I'm actually traveling this week in Australia and Singapore, but, and I'm actually speaking at the super AI events in Singapore, which I can't wait to go to because AI is a really big area for me. I think it's obviously game changing. I think it's going to bring about the economic singularity. It's going to change the economic model. I think it's going to change all of our lives. And I'm working with a lot of AI tools. I use them my everyday, but also we bring them at real vision. We have Aihdem. We've had AI for almost a year in real vision, realvision.com, which is free for you guys to join and you should do be crazy if you don't. We've got embedded AI to help you understand financial markets. You can ask it questions, it'll summarize content for you. You can ask the content questions. There's extraordinary stuff there along with all the other benefits of being a real vision member. And it's again free to join. So please join us there. This next interview is an old interview that I brought back and I wanted to because this was part of my foundational journey to the exponential age and it's my conversation with Peter Diamandis Peter is somebody who's been at the forefront of all of this, whether it's space science or whether it's longevity. He's somebody that I rely on to learn from. We all need mentors in this space, and Peter is a mentor to me. I think what he does is brilliant. And so I wanted to resurface this interview for you because you won't have seen it because it hasn't been on the journey. Man. My conversation with Peter Diamandis about the exponential age. I hope you enjoy it. Join me, Raoul Pell, as I go on a journey of discovery through the.
Speaker A: Macro, crypto, and exponential age landscapes.
Speaker E: In the journeyman, I talk to the smartest people in the world so we can all become smarter together.
Speaker A: Peter, fantastic. To get in real vision, I've wanted to get you on for a long time to pick your brains about all sorts of things.
Speaker B: Well, a pleasure to be here, and my brain is ready for the picking.
Speaker A: Before we get into all sorts of interesting stuff, I'd love to hear your story. Cause you've got an incredible story that I think people will find very inspiring. And it also frames how you think and why you think these things.
Speaker B: Sure. In brief, I was born in the sixties, and it was really the Apollo program. And that what I call that scientific documentary, Star Trek, that got me going and excited about the world. And I became passionate about space. My parents were both in the medical field. My father was a physician, wanted to become a doctor. And so I sort of buried my passions around space and went and got a six pack of degrees in a medical degree and molecular genetics and so forth. But all the time I was passionate about space. And when I got my medical diploma, I remember making a color photocopy and sending it to my parents, and then promptly jumping out of the medical path and really focusing on space. And for me, the final frontier holds incredible opportunity for humanity. Everything we ever held a value on earth, metals, minerals, energy, real estate, are in near infinite quantities in space. And whatever we evolved to become as a species, in the future, it's going to be off world, and the predominance of humanity will be off planet. Having said that, I started a university called the International Space University, started a rocket company, satellite communications company Zero G, which is weightless, parabolic flights for flying people into weightlessness, which I've done hundreds of times now, and flew Stephen Hawking into zero g, which was an incredible experience. The world's expert in gravity into zero gravity. We can talk about that. And then the x prize, of course, which was a $10 million prize to inspire a new generation of rockets that can carry you and me and our friends into space. That became virgin galactic when Richard Branson bought the rights to create his, his vehicle. And after my focus in space, which I still am super passionate about, I became enamored with exponential technologies. I'd gotten to know Ray Kurzweil, who became my co founder at Singularity University, and had read his book, the Singularity is near, and realized that as much as my passion of space washing, capturing my mind, what really was happening right now that was transforming the entire planet, was the implications of these exponential technologies. Riding on top of Moore's law, this explosive capability, computation, sensors, networks, AI, robotics, 3d printing, synthetic biology, augmented virtual reality blockchain, all these technologies were exploding at the same time that computation. So for 20 years, through Singularity University, through a program where I coach leaders and CEO's and entrepreneurs called abundance 360, I've really been tracking how all these exponential technologies are reinventing industries. And my third act, if you would, has been focused on longevity, which I really got involved in, sort of going back to my early medical roots, I became enamored with the idea that we're in a position this coming decade to be adding 10, 20, 30 healthy years on a person's life. And my mission is making 100 years old the new 60 or the new 50. But what are the implications for that? If you can add those 10, 20, 30 healthy years, what new breakthroughs will you intercept? Will you encounter that might add another 2030, 5100 years on your life? These are the games I play in. And I've got a half a billion dollar venture fund, global capital, a bunch of companies in the longevity space, which we can talk about. And so that's me in a nutshell, of New York Times books. Yeah.
Speaker A: I mean, incredible. Did you think when you started, when you were the boy thinking about space, that you would be so involved in the kind of future of where the world is going?
Speaker B: I don't know that I was early on. What I found was when I followed my passion, what I wanted to do, not what I was told to do. It was extraordinary and fun. A few times I've started a business. I'm on my 24th or 25th company these days. A few times I started a company just to make money. And those were dismal failures because they didn't capture my heart and my soul. But when I've started something, whether it's a nonprofit, a for profit, whatever it is, where I really believe in it, where I'm willing to go that extra mile. That's where I end up with success. So I really speak to passion driven entrepreneurial journeys.
Speaker A: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker E: Hi, you. Hey. Listen, if you're enjoying this, come and see me on the YouTube channel Raoul pal, the journeyman up there. Get everything I ever do. See you there.
Speaker D: This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling wherever you sell. With Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your $1 per month trial period@shopify.com. tech. All lowercase, that's Shopify.com tech.
Speaker A: And I guess that passion gives you both the momentum and the ability to cope with doing so much because you're doing an extraordinary amount of stuff for one person. I mean, sure, you've got a team and everything else, but it's a lot.
Speaker B: Yeah, it is. I appreciate it. And I like to say I've got two jobs. One is to allow my passion to keep me excited so I can convey it to people. And the second is to find great people to run the business day to day. So I typically, when I start a company, will take a role as chairman or vice chairman or executive chairman, whatever, and hire a CEO to run the business day to day. And sometimes I'm lucky in finding an amazing leader and sometimes I'm not. And then it's painful, just like everybody else.
Speaker A: Yeah. Because suddenly you have to get your hands dirty because you've got the wrong person in the role, but you get there eventually.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So I'd love to dig into some of these kind of key areas. We had a fantastic conversation with somebody who's now gone into the space business, in investing in the space business. And he came out of the jet propulsion labs at NASA and explained where he saw space going, which was he was talking about. Yes, we should have a base station on the moon pretty soon. Yes. Well, start mining. Yes. We're creating networks. Yes. All the satellites. How do you think space is going to evolve if you're looking out, let's not worry yet about the next 20 years, but let's think about the next ten. Because things are moving so fast now. This is a reality.
Speaker B: They are. There's no question at all. And they're moving fast for a number of reasons which you know, number one, two of the wealthiest people on the planet, Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos. I've known Jeff for almost 40 years and Elon for 22 years, or thereabouts. And they have the disposable income, so to speak, or they have the ability to fund it. And up until now, up until the last decade, it's always been government funded. Funding comes with a lot of risk aversion. It's like you're not willing to try something radically different if you're a government agency, because if it fails, there's a congressional investigation, you're going to get fired. And so if you're not willing to take risks, you're stuck in incrementalism. And ultimately, nothing moves very fast. Right? The Apollo program was an exception because we were basically in the United States battling the soviet empire, and we had to, you know, they had crushed us with Sputnik in 1957 and getting the first human Gagarin in 1961, and we needed to do something to demonstrate. So we took a lot of risks. I mean, the Apollo program was very risky, but nothing really since then, or very few things since then. And individuals have a much higher predilection for taking risks and the ability. And so we see folks like Richard Branson and Jeff Bezos, Elon Musk, and a multitude of others. So that's the first thing that's different. The second thing is the technologies available now to do these things, like 3d printing rocket engines, or 3d printing entire rockets. Like, one of my venture fund is called Bold Capital, and one of the investments that we made at bold was a company also out here in Los Angeles, where I'm based, called relativity space. And two young co founders, one out of blue Origin, one out of SpaceX, said, could we 3D print an entire rocket? And they started on that journey, and they built the world's largest metal 3d printer they call Stargate, which is a cool name. And the idea is that if you can 3d print the entire rocket, in their case, they're hoping for 95%, then you could do that 3d printing of a rocket in LA, Detroit, Abu Dhabi, Columbus, Sri Lanka.
Speaker A: Colombo, Sri Lanka.
Speaker B: Yeah, Sri Lanka. It's any place. And the idea being that you dematerialized and democratized access to these technologies, so it's insane. And then finally, of course, the whole microelectronics and data that's enabling us to do so much more in smaller packages. But what's coming this decade? To go to your question, what I'm tracking right now is, without question, it's what SpaceX is doing. Elon and Gwen Shotwell, who runs SpaceX for Elon on a day to day basis, are it's not a little bit better or not two x or even ten x. It feels like it's 100 x better than any other space company out there. They've gotten Falcon nine operational with reusability very consistently on the first stage. And then what's coming next is starship, which is a capability that's fully reusable, that has the ability to take 100 people to orbit and land on the surface of the moon and go beyond the moon to Mars. And it's a transformative approach, and everything we've ever built thus far doesn't compare. So a lot's coming there. And of course, Bezos is a brilliant entrepreneur and CEO, and he's behind the power curve on SpaceX right now, but he'll catch up and he's committed, whatever capital it takes. Elon's focused on Mars, moon first, because NASA wants to go there. Mars, in the long term, Jeff is focused on the moon and really setting up the moon as a base, but then going from the moon to free Earth, what we call oneill colonies, these are large rotating cylinders where you're living on the inside, and it's accommodating a million people, eventually taking humanity off the planet irreversibly to the stars. And I don't think it's a matter of if, it's just a matter of when these days.
Speaker A: I mean, one of the things I look at is these exponential charts, and one of them is satellites going up into space. For years, it was steady. Then the US kind of opened it up, and now it's gone truly exponential. And if you map out what Elon's doing alone, and that's excluding what people like India are now doing, I mean, everybody's setting satellites up, and they cost nothing in comparison. And that creates a whole different set of opportunities of linking kind of all of that space around of the earth.
Speaker B: Yeah, no question. We're going to have laser communication, satellite to satellite. We'll have basically the interplanetary Internet, where you'll have connectivity around the moon, connectivity around Mars, connectivity wherever we go. And what I'm most excited about, Ruhl, is the notion that the real opportunities are going to be mining the asteroids. And that's been a passion of mine, right. These rocks that are flying, sometimes near the earth, if they hit us, it's a problem. The ones that are between Mars and Jupiter and what we call near Earth, approaching asteroids. Some of these rocks are either rich in water or ice, particularly, which can be broken down to make hydrogen and oxygen, which is rocket fuel, or they're rich in platinum metals. Platinum, palladium, iridium, osmium. And these are multi trillion dollar assets in space that we're going to. Just like when the european settlers came over from Europe to the Americas, they brought their tools, but they were able to mine, if you would, the resources locally to develop the societies, the early american colonies. And the same thing will happen in space.
Speaker A: William it feels to me that this is basically going to add an entire layer of GDP that didn't exist because we're confined by the physical world. We'll talk about the, the metaverse and other stuff in due course, but in the physical world, we're constrained by resources. And what you're basically saying is a lot of those resources will no longer be constrained.
Speaker B: They won't be. And I teach this in my abundance 360 executive programs. It's a year round program, and it's the highest level for singularity university that in an abundance mindset, you begin to realize that there's nothing truly scarce, and that what exponential technologies are is the force that takes whatever was scarce and makes it abundant. We can talk about multiple examples. Right. Energy used to be scarce. We used to go and kill whales on the ocean to get whale oil. Then we ravaged mountainsides to get coal, then we drilled kilometers under the ocean floor. But we live on a planet thats 8000 times more energy coming from the sun that we consume as a species. It's just not in a usable form. What would you think of as more scarce than a perfect diamond? A four 5610 carat diamond? Debir has taught us that you should spend like two months of your salary to buy your diamond engagement ring. Well, it turns out that we can now manufacture perfect gems, perfect diamonds, rubies, emeralds, whatever you want, and for effectively no cost. It's the cost of methane, electricity and water. And there are companies like the diamond foundry that manufacture this. In fact, the largest jewelry company on the planet just announced this past year that they're going to stop buying naturally mined gems and theyre going to manufacture them because theres no child labor, no ethical issues, and its a better deal for everybody involved. So we go from scarcity to abundance. Google has given us an abundance of information. Well talk about longevity later. And if we can start to add 10, 20, 30 healthy years that advise you the next 10, 20, 30 healthy years, then time starts becoming abundant as well.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, one of the things I've been looking at is anything that gets digitized goes to zero in cost, which is essentially what you're talking about. And we're going to be in a world not far away where the cost of electricity is zero.
Speaker B: Yeah, it is true. And if you've got abundant available energy, and one of the things that I talk about is that the poorest countries in the world are the sunniest countries in the world, really important implications there. If you have abundant, or let's call it even a squanderable abundance of energy, you can get all the water you want. You can pull water out of the atmosphere. You can desalinate water. And if you have clean water, half the disease burden of planet Earth is due to unclean drinking water. All of these dominoes begin to tip. Electricity for Internet or to have lights at night for you to read if you're a student. So this becomes an extraordinary world of abundance.
Speaker A: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners, and then we'll be right back. Whoa.
Speaker E: Landing an account this big will totally change my landscaping business. It's going to mean hiring more guys and more equipment and new trucks for the new guys to drive the new equipment in. I don't know if I'm ready.
Speaker D: You can do this. And Ford Pro finsimple can help. Our experts are ready to make growing pains less painful for your business with flexible financing solutions that meet the needs of your business today when you need them. Get started@fordpro.com. financing.
Speaker A: Looking at the next part of your thesis is the exponentiality of all of these technologies. We can't talk about all of them, but there's so many things that are now not ideas. They might have been ten years ago, like 3d printing was just rolling out, but now these things are all going exponential as they're starting to be adopted and all these networks are interconnecting. How is this all playing out? Because I'm not sure humans are quite prepared for the amount of change we're about to see, because everything is about to change.
Speaker B: I agree with you. I agree with you. Well, I mean, listen, I've got ten year old twin boys and they are thriving in this universe. The challenge is that the majority of our government leadership are typically in their fifties, sixties, seventies, eighties, and they're not prepared for the level of change. So it's the institutions, whether it's government institutions, religious institutions, or the industrial complex that's in place. Those are the groups that are going to have the hardest difficulty. I wrote my last book, which came out over a year ago called the Future is faster than you think. I looked at what the next decade looks like, what does 2021 through 2030 look like? And painted the picture for how every single industry is going to change, not a little bit dramatically. I don't care what industry, health, education, insurance, finance, all of these industries are going to get disrupted, and it's not going to be your traditional company that's disrupting you. It's not going to be the healthcare companies down the street that disrupts you. If you're in the healthcare industry, it's going to be Amazon or Google or Apple or the multitude of startups coming our way. And the beneficiary for all of this disruption is going to be the general public. It's not going to be just disrupting for the heck of disrupting. So when Zoom disrupts the travel industry and allows people to work for home, listen, the travel industry suffers and I, the large real estate companies that are holding all these office buildings suffer. But the public, the general public, its like, oh my God, this incredible free resource, it makes my life that much easier. So yes, theres going to be challenges and were not prepared for the speed of change, but I am an optimist in terms of these technologies, for the most part serving humanity and elevating humanity.
Speaker A: And how do we, or how do you think through the replacement of humans in the labor force and how we prepare for that? Or what role humans might play in a different way?
Speaker B: Real important question, and I write about this a lot in the following way. To date, we haven't seen a replacement happened, even though it's been discussed and talked about forever, for decades. Right? The first time there was a letter written by a bunch of Nobel laureates and top scientists and economists to the president of the United States, warning about the massive disruption in the labor force coming from automation. And that letter was written in the 1960s, and we've seen none of that. We used to have rooms filled with individuals, mostly women, copying ledger to ledger to ledger in these banks, and all the automation was going to replace that, and it did. But guess what? We have more employees and banks than any time ever in human history. And so what we're seeing to date is very few of those jobs actually getting replaced. We will replace the jobs that are dull and dangerous and dirty. Those will go away, and robots and AI will replace them. But what we're going to see in the next decade is really around AI human collaboration, where it's individuals working with AI not being displaced by them. And the other thing I think we'll start to see is the realization that we can dividend ourselves into two groups, people who are doing what they absolutely love, what you and I are doing right now and then people who are doing a job because they want to put food on their table, get insurance for their families. And the hope is that technology will enable people to do what they love more than ever before, and less for just having to earn a living.
Speaker A: One of the things I've been thinking through as well is the development of the metaverse. So the digital world that we're all going to inhabit in the future. And again, it feels like space to me. It's like discovering the Americas again. There's plenty of new opportunities that we can't imagine, and yes, we will be working alongside AI within that world, but it feels like the opportunities are going to be abundant in many respects.
Speaker B: Yeah. So I tracked it very carefully. I think of the metaverse as the convergence of XR, VR and Ar together, augmented in virtual reality, convergence of that AI and blockchain. And we're going to start to spend more and more of our time in the virtual world. We will have a citizenship. I'm a us citizen, and I will have additional citizenship in virtual worlds. And in those virtual worlds, the ability to experiment is a lot easier. You can experiment with new governments, with new voting systems, regulatory systems, you can experiment with new currencies. You can start to experiment. So the velocity and the agility of experimentation is going to go up tremendously. I'm on the board of a company called Vatum, v a t o M, which stands for virtual atoms, that a brilliant entrepreneur, Eric Poulier, has created. He was the very first person to come up with nfts back God five, six years ago. He has a company called Spatial Web, which is sort of a three dimensional metaverse application. That's extraordinary. And I'm just tracking this, and we have. It's a much bigger opportunity than when we first saw www dot, you know, and the convergence of new headgear that's going to come from Apple and HTC and a multitude of startups, and that's coming. All of these things are going to transform how we interact with content. It's going to transform the entire educational system, which is really insanely broken right now.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, 100% agree. Also, I think you raised an interesting point that I've been talking about as well, is we're creating digital sovereign states, and they're highly adaptive states that don't have the restrictions we have because they have a system of money, they have an organizing set of principles, and all the things that make up a state or a religion, or however you can control complex adaptive systems. It feels like that's coming. And your token is your access to that world. Let's say we're still desperate for digital identity.
Speaker B: Yes, digital identity is fundamental to this future universe, sovereign identity, in other words, that you own your identity, not Facebook or Google or anybody else, and then having with that identity a wallet that allows you to receive and make payments in crypto, those two things are coming, and there are amazing entrepreneurs working on both. And then they just unlock a universe that we haven't really even a glimmer of understanding yet.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think so. The other thing is, where do you think about the centralization versus decentralization debate? We can see Zuckerberg wanting to create some sort of centralized version of what he thinks the metaverse is, and Tim Sweeney and Epic Games and others saying, and the whole blockchain industry saying, no, no, we're going to have this fight.
Speaker B: I think it's going to be a fight, and I think it will be decentralized. And you as a user need to be able to take your identity, what you own, your attributes, whatever superpowers you've developed and take it from. I don't call them metaverse to metaverse, but it's going to be from application layer to application layer. Today, if you develop something in Minecraft or Roblox or action infinity, you don't have the portability to take it to other locations, but that will change. The user interface is the ones that are open, will win, is the final for me, is the most important thing that open ecosystems will, in the long run, vastly outdo closed ecosystems.
Speaker A: Do you think people are underestimating the size of what blockchain is in terms of what it means for all of us? Because people are still fixated on bitcoin or ethereum without understanding. That is basically the architecture for the Internet, of value across everything. How are you thinking it through?
Speaker B: Yeah, no, I agree 1000%. The moment when every single thing is uniquely identifiable, uniquely valued and uniquely ownable in the digital world, or even. And that's where that company I mentioned, Vadim, is focused, is when you go between the virtual world and the real world, and being able to get a virtual coke in a game that has a unique blockchain identifier, and being able to then take it into the real world and get an actual coke for that. I mean, it seems a very simple thing, but where there is going to be the complete portability between the real world and the virtual world. And I mean, I don't know how to explain it, other than it is the biggest opportunity for wealth measurement and creation on the planet. As we tokenize real estate, we tokenize everything.
Speaker A: And it's pretty democratic. Everybody can get vote, unlike space. This is something we can all do, right?
Speaker B: Yeah, it is going to be democratic if it's done properly, which I think there's enough leadership and enough independence that it will be done democratically. I don't think, no matter, I don't think any government or individual billionaire will have the ability or clout to fight this decentralized network of networks and leaders.
Speaker A: So with you being involved in so many areas, how do you think about investing across this? Because with your funds now youre investing. What opportunities are you looking at? How do you think about the asset allocation amongst these ideas at the moment? Well, come on to longevity afterwards. But theres so much technology here.
Speaker B: So let's see. Let's start with cryptocurrency. I try and keep most of my liquid assets, my cash, if you would, in bitcoin and ethereum. I'm probably 80% bitcoin, 20% ethereum. Just roughly. I use a wallet called abrade to store it in.
Speaker A: I know Bill well. Bill, Bernie.
Speaker B: Yeah. Bill's amazing and I love the company. And when I can get 5% interest rates on my cryptocurrencies, why wouldn't you want to do that, right? Or 10% on cash? So that's my position. And then unique real estate, when I can, as a asset that is unlikely to, to devalue rapidly. I mean, one of the biggest questions is, where are you putting your currency? If it's putting it in us dollars or pesos or other things? You're devaluing your currency at an extraordinary rate from inflation. People think, oh my God, my real estate's gone up or my stocks have gone up. Yeah, but look at the inflation rates. It's all artificial. And I'm very long in tech, and the majority of the tech that I'm in is biotech and longevity related. So my fund, bold capital, about 70% to 75%, are in the biotech health tech field. I think, honestly, at the end of the day, you still can't take it with you. And the biggest business opportunity is going to be if I can give you 20, 30, 40 healthy years. I mean, you're going to spend your money anyway. You can spend it in the last year of your life in crazy Hail Mary passes and the latest whatever to try and keep yourself alive after you're 99% of the way into the grave. Or you can start to use it wisely to change your health span earlier in your life and do those smart things. So that's where I'm investing into, if that makes sense for you.
Speaker A: Yeah, totally. So let's go down the longevity journey. I started on this journey, I think, from Tim Ferriss, and I heard you on Tim Ferriss years ago, and then David Sinclair's book was fantastic because it brought all the science in one place and made it clear. But there's a lot more to it than that. As you said, there's so much genetic science going on. How are you seeing this space, the longevity space? Because I'm super interested in this as well.
Speaker B: Yeah, sure. And for those who don't think about it this way, I talk about having a longevity mindset. And longevity mindset involves actually having the belief that what used to be old age is no longer the limit, that we're going to be creating the technologies this decade. We're going to see incredible breakthroughs that will add decades to your life. And I'm searching for them everywhere. I'm building companies around them. I'm investing in them. There's a concept called longevity escape velocity, which I'm sure you've probably heard of from Aubrey de Guerre and Ray Kurzweil. And it's the notion that today, for every year that you're alive, science is extending your life for about a quarter of a year. But as we said, exponential technologies are expanding at record growth, and there's going to be a point in the near future where for every year you're alive, science is extending your life for more than a year. And that's what we call longevity escape velocity. And so I'm tracking that. I'm working. One of the things that I'm proud of is the work I do with the Xprize foundation. We offer out these large cash prizes. We just launched $100 million gigaton carbon removal prize with Elon Musk, and I'm working right now on $100 million age reversal xprize for the teams that can reverse your age and my age by at least 20 years and then have it be repeatable. That's the current mindset that aging is a disease that can be slowed, stopped, and even reversed. So I'm super. David Sinclair has become a very dear and close friend. George Church and multitude. Tony Robbins and I have just completed a book right now that's coming out in February of 22 called Life Force. And it's a tour de force of all of the incredible technologies that are transforming healthcare. It's like all the breakthroughs around cancer, all the breakthroughs around Alzheimer's, all the breakthroughs around obesity, all the breakthroughs around heart disease, and then looking at gene therapies and looking at CRISPR technologies, and all it's. This book is, if you're not optimistic about our ability to add tremendous years on our health span, you will be after you read this book. So super pumped about it. It's meant to be of service to the world to say, listen, guys, this is the most exciting time ever to be alive, and it's never been better. The only time more exciting than today is going to be tomorrow. And here's what's in phase one, phase two, phase three, clinical trials. Here's what's coming down the pike.
Speaker A: I mean, how the hell do you keep on top of it all?
Speaker B: Oh, it's incredibly difficult. It's incredibly difficult. So I'll tell you one thing I've done is I created an AI engine that scans all the world's science and tech news every day, hundreds of thousands, millions of articles. And I used to have a team doing this, and it just became inefficient. And so I created a neural net that the neural net consumed all my books, all my blogs, and it said, this is the kind of stuff that Peter's interested in. And then it created a positive semantic filter. I'm not looking, I'm interested in dystopian use. I don't care what the Cardassians did or what Britney Spears is doing, just zero interest in that. But I am interested in how converging exponential technologies are transforming industries. How are they going to transform every industry out there? I created two elements. They're free to everybody. People can go to futureloop.com and sign up. It's free. Every day. You'll get a blog, you'll get an email of like the top 15 articles with a beautiful summary, an image, a title of. This is a breakthrough coming from converging technologies that are going to change space or energy or whatever, all these industries.
Speaker A: Is this written by GPT-3 or is this by humans?
Speaker B: We are using GPT-3 but it's a fully autonomous. I have an incredible head of AI in our team, Morgan McDermott, who's written everything, and GPT-3 will just improve the quality of it. But I use that every day to track all of the converging exponentials. And then, so it's futureloop.com, and then you can go to longevityinsider.org. and that's a, again, an AI created newsletter that I use. Everything that's going on in the longevity space, it's scanning all the tweets, journal articles, newspapers, magazines, everything.
Speaker A: What a fantastic idea. Because it's so hard to keep on top of. And by applying technology to do it for you and then delivering it in a way that's digestible, this is a genius idea. Well done.
Speaker B: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So I hope folks will use it. My mission is to get people out of the dystopian mindset that you get from watching Fox or CNN, which I call the crisis news network, where every murder on the planet is delivered to you in high fidelity every second of the day. It's like, I don't need to know this stuff. I really don't.
Speaker A: No, I think there's a fear around change that I notice everywhere you sit on the Internet, people's fear change. Its a mindset. But if you can flip the mindset to say this is the best opportunity weve ever had, whether its as an investor or as humans, it kind of opens your eyes to how amazing this all is.
Speaker B: It is ill just mention a few other companies that ive started in the longevity space. One company im very proud of, called Cellularity, is the largest cellular manufacturing company. We collect placentas. When a baby is born, you can store not only the cord blood, the placenta with us, and the placenta, I think of as the 3d printer that manufactures the baby, it generates all of the stem cells, all the cells from that baby. And so from the placentas, we generate a very rich supply of newborn stem cells, of natural killer cells and t cells that are useful in fighting viruses and fighting cancers. And there's a whole cells as medicine line of business that cellularity has. The company just went public a few like two months ago. Another company is called vaccinity vaxxinity. And vaccinity is developing vaccines to treat chronic diseases. So imagine you could vaccinate yourself against Alzheimer's or vaccinate yourself against Parkinson's or stroke, or heart disease, or migraines, or muscle loss or bone loss. That's the business that the company is in. It's phase three, entering phase three trials on Alzheimer's, phase two and Parkinson's, phase one and stroke. And the value here is that this is about preventing chronic disease for pennies on the dollar. I mean, thousands of times cheaper than treating it afterwards is preventing it in the beginning. One other company is a company called Fountain Life, and we have five facilities in the us today. We'll have ten by the end of 22. And when you come to Fountain life, and you should do it, we digitize you. We do full body MRI, coronary CT driven by an AI algorithm, Dexa scan, full genomics, metabolomics, everything. And we upload 150gb of data about you. And the goal is to catch anything at stage zero, right? We're eventually going to die from something. Hopefully we'll extend life eventually. But most of us are optimists. When we think about what's going on in our bodies, we actually have no idea. You end up in the ER with a pain in your side. The doc says, I hate to tell you this, but you've got this and this. Well, it didn't happen that morning. It's been going on for months, maybe years. And so every year, through fountain life or another sister company called health nucleus, I go and I upload myself and I do it every year and I feel naked if I don't, because I want to know what's going on inside my body. And people say I don't want to know. It's bullshit. Of course you want to know. You want to know and you want to solve it at the very beginning. So anyway, those are just some examples.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm taking lots of notes because there's all sorts of interesting stuff, and I'm at the age 53 years old, that I'm focused quite intensely. So let's talk a little bit about your own regime for longevity. What do you do for yourself? What are the tips you'd give me as a 53 year old about diet and supplements or whatever? Whatever you think.
Speaker B: So let's run down it. There's lots of stuff coming, but let's not talk about the incredible gene therapies or with pathway manipulations or all of that coming. What you should be doing right now is, first of all, it's the basics. It's sleep, exercise, diet and mindset. Let's talk about each on the sleep front. When I was in medical school, in graduate school, I used to pride myself on getting by with five and a half hours of sleep. The realization is your body needs 8 hours of sleep, period, whether you get it or not, that's what your body evolved to have. And ultimately, if evolution, if darwinian evolution could have done away with a couple hours of sleep, it would have, because we are not being productive. We're completely open to predation. We're very vulnerable when we're sleeping. If you can get away with not having to sleep, that would have been amazing. But we need sleep. So I strive for that. My tricks are, first of all, I wear my oura ring to measure it and gamify how much sleep I get. Second, I set my temperature in the room down to 65 degrees because it cold atmosphere keeps you sleeping longer and deeper sleep. I have what's called a chili pad, which is a water cooled pad underneath the top blanket and that cools down the bed. I use a mask to block out, which I love. It's called a manta mask. Manta. And I use it all the time because it's just, it has a foam pad around the eyes and on top of that, so it's very comfortable to wear. And then I have a sleeping pattern I try and keep, which is I'm in bed whenever possible by 930. And I get up at 530. And that's my sleeping.
Speaker A: Do you take magnesium or anything like that?
Speaker B: I do take magnesium on occasion I'll take some melatonin, but I have a pretty good sleep record. So I have a whole slew of supplements I take. And in the book coming up, life force, I disclose in detail everything I'm taking hormonally, peptides, nutraceutical supplements and so forth. On diet. I've been a vegan for years. I went on keto diet for a year. I've tried all kinds of different things. And what I've come back to in the final result is there's no one diet for everybody. It just isn't. But there is one or two truths for everybody. And the first is get rid of sugar. It is the hardest thing in the world, but sugar is the killer. Sugar causes inflammation, sugar causes heart disease, sugar causes neuro inflammation.
Speaker A: When you're talking about sugar, you're just talking about sugar itself or you're talking about carbohydrates in certain forms.
Speaker B: So first and foremost, I've been doing.
Speaker A: Keto for three years and it works well.
Speaker B: First and foremost, it's getting rid of, of pure sugars, right? I mean, like your breakfast cereal is poison, you know, a tub of ice cream, all those things. Now, it doesn't mean I'm an angel, doesn't mean I don't have a piece of chocolate or something once in a while. But I look at sugar as cutting my life short. That's the way I physically look at it. And yes, getting rid of high glycemic carbohydrates white rice, white breads, you know, those sorts of things. I cut those out as well. So it's just reducing your blood sugar spikes, which are so dangerous. The next thing is intermittent fasting. I believe that intermittent fasting is super valuable. So I will not eat. In fact, I haven't eaten yet. It's 150 in the afternoon here in California. I will eat after 01:00 I'll have a lunch, typically greek salad or something recently light. And then I'll have one main meal at dinner at 530.
Speaker A: You're kind of 16, eight or something like that.
Speaker B: I'm typically 19. Whatever's left over. 19. Five between one and six, because I've.
Speaker A: Been experimenting with 2021, three or four. I enjoyed it.
Speaker B: It's whatever you can keep up, honestly.
Speaker A: And what about that form of intermittent fasting versus, like a full day fast once a week, 24 hours fast?
Speaker B: Yeah. Does it make a difference?
Speaker A: Not really.
Speaker B: There's lots of, lots of debate. I don't have an answer. I don't know if I don't know. I'm never gonna, I'm never gonna say. The other thing I do is lots of water. I try and do at least two liters, if not three liters of water a day. I got rid of all sodas. I'll typically, for protein, have fish. I stay away from all dairy and beef, but that's my preferences.
Speaker A: And if there's one, because I don't want to unveil what's in your book, because the book sounds fascinating. If there's one supplement that you think is easily available for the average person, is it vitamin D? Is it, you know, what is it?
Speaker B: Yes. So it's a lot of the same things that David Sinclair talks about in his most excellent book, Lifespan. Right. So I take a gram of nMn. I do take a gram of metformin. I take vitamin D. I take high grade fish oils. I, so those are some of the things that are there. But I put out a blog once a year, updating people what I take. And by the way, if anybody goes to diamandis.com, i put out two or three blogs every week. Typically, one is in longevity and two are in the exponential tech space. And@diamandis.com. comma. You'll get a prompt if you want to get the blog, but I'm very proud. I spend a lot of time writing these blogs as my way to communicate between books on, like, I've got one going on sleep right now. And I went on diet and exercise and just keeping people updated and then, as breakthroughs are happening in the AI world, robotics world, I think one of my abilities is to say, this is what just happened, and this is what it means to you in very simple language.
Speaker A: Final question. This is all leading to the singularity. What does that mean to you?
Speaker B: So, I don't think any of us truly appreciate how fast the world is changing and that the rate of acceleration is itself accelerating. The things that we take for granted right now, like what we're doing right now, digitally for free, high bandwidth connectivity and FaceTime for free on the planet, and ability to know anything you want, anytime you want. And flying cars and autonomous cars are finally here. And it's like, all of this stuff is so insanely amazing, but you have no context. We're like the frog and the water boiling. But if you compare it to what even life was like just ten years ago, it's incredible, right? So the fact that it's speeding up is what Ray Kurzweil calls the singularity, that there's going to be a moment in time where the rate of change is so fast that it's impossible to predict what's next. And that is going to be crazy. And this is when AI becomes superhuman. And this is also when humans start merging with AI. We haven't talked about this, but another field we can spend an entire show on is the whole area of brain computer interface. I'm tracking a lot of the brain computer interfaces. Our brain is 100 billion neurons, 100 trillion synaptic connections, and we're limited in what we can memorize and learn and so forth. But our cell phones get smarter because they do certain processing on the phone. Then they go to the edge of the cloud to do complicated things. Imagine if we can connect our brains to the cloud so that we can think. And Google, if you want to understand something, you could get additional computational capabilities. Ray Kurzweil's prediction of when we're going to have this brain computer interface is the early 2030s, like, 1012 years from now. Really? Yeah, really. And so I would not have believed that, except I'm watching the companies do it. I'm watching these incredible companies from Neuralink that Elon's funded to open water, which my venture fund has funded from Mary Lou Jepson, that can read and write onto a neuron without going through the skull. It uses red laser light and holograms, ultrasound to do that. I mean, you can't make this stuff up. It's an incredible world coming our way at lightning speed, and it's going faster so, yeah, we have challenges. We also have more and more powerful tools than ever before to help us deal with those challenges.
Speaker A: Peter, look, fantastic conversation. I mean, I could have spoken to you for hours because we just basically did a top level look at everything there. And there's so much. But I'm going to direct people to follow some of your stuff because there's a lot of content you put out. You help a lot of people get their heads around all of this. And thank you for everything you do. It's amazing.
Speaker B: My pleasure. Well, listen, when life force, our book comes out that Tony and I are writing, let's get back together again and go into some more detail on that.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'd love to. Love to maybe get you and Tony together. That'd be fun.
Speaker B: That would be fun. All right. Thank you. Thank you.
Speaker E: As you can see from Peter, technology kind of is everything for us. It's our future. It's our past. It's our present. It changes our lives in ways we don't yet understand. And this period of the exponential age is the fastest period of change in all human history. We have to navigate it. We have to navigate it by bringing on the best voices. I've so profoundly taken by this and the opportunity set that I actually started an entire research service based out of my writing on the exponential asian global micro investor. I spun out a service called the Exponentialist with David Mattit. And that is where we discuss in depth what is going on, what it means for you, what it means for your business, whether it's AI, robotics, Ev, whether it's genetic sciences, whether it's longevity, all of it. We discuss all of it in depth. There's no research service like it. I'm immensely proud of it. There's also a portfolio which invests in exponential age themes. There's also business cycle analysis, so you know where you are in the business cycle of technology, things like the semiconductor cycle. All of these things help you navigate this incredibly exciting future. Now you can find it by going to realvision.com, and just when you're there, it's free to join. You can get to use all the AI tools and stuff I mentioned at the beginning. But there's also the marketplace. And the marketplace is where we have third party research, and within that is the exponentialist. Go and check it out. Take a free trial of the exponentialist. Cost you a dollar for a free trial. It will literally change how you see the world, and I think you get tremendous value out of it. Anyway, I'll see you at real vision. Take care. If not, don't forget. Please just subscribe to the channel. It does help us out immensely when we bring on guests. Thank you so much. See you next time.
Speaker C: We hope you enjoyed this episode at real vision. We arm you with expert knowledge, time efficient tools and a powerful network to help you succeed on your financial journey. Get a taste of financial financial freedom with our free offer@realvision.com. free? That's realvision.com free.
