Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30. 30 baby get 30 baby get 20. 2020 baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month, so give.
Speaker A: It a try at mint mobile.com switch.
Speaker C: $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time Unlimited more than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance. Join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten. That's podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Now to the top analysis of today's crypto markets.
Speaker E: GMGM is web three Wednesdays on crypto daily briefing. And thank you for spending some time to join your learning journey in web three. With me, I'm Elaine Lee, your friendly crypto host and producer. A little bit flabbergasted before the show started because I'm already busy welcoming our community who is here watching. Welcome and GM to all of you. So joining me today is Brooke Belcourt, founder of Koevi Brooka. Welcome to the show. We were finally here on the platform.
Speaker F: Yeah, I've been excited to come on the show. It's been a long time coming.
Speaker E: Yeah. So look, I've wanted to bring you on the show for a while now because you're very much like us. You are someone who loves the digital asset space that has a really firm grasp of all things macro. And what you're currently building out right now is really interesting. It's a gaming platform where you can trade and allocate your positions with traditional investments and your digital ones as well. And it's not with real money, but it's using a bit of a digital token called Matic. As some of you would know, you are able to allocate your trade onto the blockchain. Now, it is a web three investment portfolio trading game. And because everything is out in the open, well, that means newfound talent can be found and we can gather data and how your investment strategy works. What were your tools, what were your educational platform that you made those sort of trades and how they worked out for you. So currently there's over, like, I heard, 300 correct me if I'm wrong, about 300 community members, are we using it?
Speaker F: 300 rv members on here across 14 teams competing to be the best right now. Damn.
Speaker E: So you guys are under the radar building and growing within web three, making your trades and they could be read on the blockchain. So a couple of hundreds of just rv community users using it. And how are you finding it? I want to know, so please leave your comments in the below and I'll get through them after the show. But it's really important that you let me know about your experience. But that's enough of me babbling through this, though. Brooke Belcourt. Thanks for giving me some of your time today, Brooke. I would say we've had a lot of fun this year. What are your thoughts so far?
Speaker F: Yeah, we've had some good quarters in the real vision investment league. We've had a lot of competition there, a lot of different winners, and we found some amazing analysts that we've highlighted on different shows together. So I'm excited to talk about them.
Speaker E: Yeah, I can say this with you because every quarter we sort of, like you, send out an updated email, we sort of give a YouTube link to the people who's involved and see how we go through your trades, see how you've trade, how you've done. Some of you has failed us miserably and some of you have done pretty well. All right, so Brooke, let's tell the audience at real vision here your background first, because I think that's very important. I mean, the journalism fiend in me, of course, went to do a bit of stalking on your LinkedIn. You are former Goldman, former cited Al and an analyst for what I read was one of the largest technology focused hedge funds in the world. So no stranger to the investment world. So why don't you go ahead and tell the audience just who is Brooker once again for sure.
Speaker F: So I'm the founder of Covey. And Covey. We just want to find and reward the best investors so that we can give them our money to manage and so really straightforward. And we do that through a competition, individual and team base, and we also have it with real vision. My background before founding Covey a few years ago, I worked at hedge funds. So I was an analyst covering Internet and tech stocks at Citadel using some software that's actually really similar to what we give to all the analysts for free on Covey. And before that I was at Tiger management, and before that at CO2 working for single manager Philippe Lafont and investing in again, a lot of tech stocks and Internet stocks. So I had a really big journey for about seven years in the hedge fund world, and so understand the value of finding these amazing analysts and knowing that they do tend to stay the same and we can allocate our money to them and we can all be better off.
Speaker E: Yeah. So seven years in the hedge fund world, that's probably a lifetime. I would say you are someone who's definitely done your due diligence. And I guess, yeah, I guess seven years, then you are completely used to whatever cycle is out there going on, right?
Speaker F: I've seen a few cycles. I'd like to see more, but I've been around. I started my career in 2008 at Goldman Sachs as everything was blowing up in September, so I saw that cycle and now have still been investing ever since, for sure.
Speaker E: All right, so, Brooke, let's start broad here. So you're building out a web three game, essentially gaming to me, for someone on an everyday basis, when I hear the word gaming in web three, I get a little bit paranoid already. I get a bit anxious. I roll a little bit because I'm scared that it's clunky and whatnot. But this game is, you know, it's not Pokemon look alike. It's not some clunky. It's actually working. It's beautiful, and it's building out beautiful sets of data where we're trying to, you know, break down how these analysts are trading on your platform. But, you know, for Covid, tell. Tell people what you're building out, essentially. Is it like esports for investing? Like, tell people just what is it? And what does that even mean, like, in terms of esports for investing?
Speaker F: So I love investing. I love it more than I love watching any sport or playing any game. But unlike poker, there isn't a World Series of investing. There isn't this us open of investing where anyone can go and enter and compete, and it's broadcast and we can all follow in real time, and that sucks. And I would love to watch that. We partnered with real vision, and they had a similar idea. We built this first ever team based investment competition, and so it allows us to find and elevate the best investment analysts that are on our platform. And we think they should have a larger share of voice and we should pay more attention to them. They're all over social media. They're all on discord. And so we really want to elevate the best, and that's where it started.
Speaker E: Okay, so let's talk about the real vision league. If you can pop that up. So let's talk a little bit about that. I haven't taken a look at it for like over a week that I've been on vacation and stuff, but lo and behold, the team I am part of is right at the very bottom. And we were number two. I've already kicked off in discord, what that's all about. So just talk to me a little bit about the RV league. With a couple hundred people, people in our community from macro and other, obviously learning stuff about crypto, getting a digital wallet, etcetera. What is the RV trading league? How are people doing over there?
Speaker F: So RV league is 14 teams and they each have about ten or so people on these teams. And these 14 teams are competing for quarterly and so you can win nfts that we'll talk about in a bit. And they're competing for annual prizes. And the cool thing is anyone can join these teams. Basically, it starts in these recruitment clubs. We've got the 14 teams and then it starts in these recruitment clubs. So anyone can join these clubs and then they get drafted into the teams. And these 14 teams.
Speaker E: I have a magic button, by the way. You've given me permission to approve these people coming to my team. You have also upgraded me to give me position to kick people out of my team that I have just learned. But we just wanted to interrupt you then say when we really are invested into seeing how you trade those prizes are thousands of dollars so you can celebrate with your team. Sorry, Brooke, carry on.
Speaker F: Yeah, and so basically, and I'll share my screen just for a second here. So here are the 14 teams and what they're doing is they're competing on a quarterly and annual basis. And so right now on the quarterly competition, UK is in the lead. On the annual competition, which started in January when we launched this thing, Japan is in the lead. And so these people, we equal weight all.
Speaker E: Can I stop you there quickly? Did you say UK is at the top of the league at the moment.
Speaker F: In the quarterly competition?
Speaker E: Can I pop in there and see who the best trader is from the UK? Because I know our community and I know there's a couple of Brits in there, so I just want to see if we can get a name.
Speaker F: Yeah, we can jump in here. So basically, here's the annual competition. You can track their performance over time and you can see again at the top here is a lot of Japan and Canada competing for the top spot. And what's going on in UK is we've got Maura. Maura is Sheila the cryptoshila she's doing amazing right now. She was long.
Speaker E: Xrp hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless 30 biddy. Get 30, get 20. 2020, baby, get 2020. 1515 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at the mint mobile.com switch.
Speaker C: $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms@mintmobile.com.
Speaker E: Yes, that makes so much sense. The thing is, I know exactly who Maura is. The funny thing is, she is not even a Brit, but she has just joined the right team.
Speaker F: That's funny.
Speaker E: That's funny.
Speaker F: Yeah. So the team captains can decide who's on the team and they can bring people in when they want, they can cut people when they want. And so it's cool. We see team captains building a team of like some macro analysts, some commodities analysts, some tech analysts, some technical, some quant. And we see like even teams pushing into one more strategy than the other. Like, I know Team India is like deeper on the quant strategy. Then we have some like NFT teams. And so these are teams that are not held together by like region. They're held together by ownership in an NFT, that's monkey versus dao. And so they're like, obviously going to be more crypto. And then we have like the rv sisters who are like more behind this movement. So we have all these, these collection of teams and they're just competing constantly. And you can see where you are on each team. And so this is the leaderboard within each team. And so you can see like how Maura did really well this quarter. Who are the different people in here? Like, she's up 98% this quarter. Who are the people leading year to date and bringing up this team?
Speaker E: Interesting. Really good. Some. Definitely some names. Sorry, I'm bending forward to it because I definitely. Well, that's interesting. And congratulations to the UK. I haven't seen you guys on top for a while, so. Okay, praka, do we know who the best rv analyst is? Because I know we're going through specific teams, but overall, who have you found who is the best rv analyst so far? I mean, we should really talk to that person. One day.
Speaker F: Yeah, there's a lot of talent I think right at the top we've got Reese Parkinson's who is just amazing.
Speaker E: And so I'm pulling up so bullish on Tesla. I already know his trades. He's a very active community member. Again, he's that guy who jumps on browse ama and then make sure he submits his questions through. So Im assuming theres a few Tesla movement in there.
Speaker F: Yes, theres these. Definitely super long Tesla, super long eth right now and beam. And this is their portfolio. Now the cool thing is we can follow him and see what hes doing over time. And what covey does is we show 50 metrics every five minutes. And so you can track this portfolio and you can see the three positions we talked about but you can track this portfolio versus the S and P. Obviously hes crushing it. Versus the S and P. You can track this portfolio how he's trading tons of really fun metrics, sharp ratio drawdown. So as you get more into investing and you're curious about how all the different metrics of your portfolio work out, if your long book is doing well, if your short book is doing well, we've got all that data for you and where you're making all your money. So basically Reece made like all his money on Tesla. So watch this guy for his calls on Tesla and you can see when he's buying Tesla, he loaded up in early 2023 and then when it started to drop in April, loaded up again and so made some great calls on here.
Speaker E: Yeah, it'd be interesting to see what he's doing, especially this week as Tesla is down by 3% for the day actually right now. Quite a low since, well, actually the lowest it's been over the past week. Okay, that's interesting. And I do know Reese is a Brit as well. So whoever hasn't welcomed him onto the UK team, get on it because apparently he's doing pretty well with his trading strategy. So Brooke, how many people are using it overall? Covey.
Speaker F: So Covey has, when you enter in this real vision league, you're also going to be part of Covey. And so we've had thousands of people entering our competition to compete. We've narrowed that down to about 300 people that are actually staking tokens and really competing on a day to day basis. We've taken a list of thousand, narrowed down to 300, and then from there about the top ten or 20% receive rewards at the end of every month. We have a leaderboard for the individual competition that is really fun. So Reese Parkinson will show up on the individual competition that takes everyone from the real vision and investment league and takes everyone from other platforms, brings them in here, allows them to compete and stake and win. And the cool thing is what we do with all that data just to wrap it up as we take the top 1% from there and create a portfolio out of it and allow anyone to deposit fiat cash, like real money through our app in the US to invest alongside, we call it co trading. Invest alongside the top 1% so you can be guaranteed investing the best.
Speaker E: So Reese is someone who is the top analyst and the RV analyst, but who is the top analyst overall in the app that you're building?
Speaker F: The top analyst in the app.
Speaker E: Do you know who that is?
Speaker F: Yeah, I know who it is. It changes a little bit, but I'll show who it is. Right now we call the top 1% legends. And so those are the people who have been the best over the last twelve months. And these are the people who you can co trade with on our app. The best analyst right now is swing trader. And this person, I think is based out of Denver and they're running at like a Druckenmiller style investing. So they lead with technical analysis, so they see movements in stocks and they lead with technical analysis and then layer in a fundamental view on the individual stock.
Speaker E: You mean homework pays off, Broca.
Speaker F: Yeah, it definitely requires work. It requires a little bit of love, of course, as well. You got to be interested in this stuff. So right now they believe in crypto, Solana, Dot, and then they're also along Disney, AMD and then some EV and some ETF's as well. And so really cool portfolio to watch. You can watch this thing live and see how they're trading around. This is the best on Covey and they're on Team Canada as well, which is the team that I run.
Speaker E: Okay. All right. I'll leave it at that. Who are the best? Where are the best analysts hanging out then? Is there a common space? Does Covid have a discord? Where are the best analysts hanging out? Do they hang out together?
Speaker F: Yeah, they definitely hang out. We found they've hanging out in the real vision collective discord. We've got some channels in there. Then there's the NFT teams have their own channels and the Monkeyverse discord. And then Covey has a discord as well. But in the RV collective is where we're trying to assemble everyone to hang out there. And so that's like a big thing everyone has in common.
Speaker E: Right. Yes. I just remember that in our own discord that we've have like individual channels for wherever people. Whichever. For whichever people teams. Okay, well, it's not fun without any competition. So with all the data that you're getting, do you think retail analysts have a shot against hedge fund analysts there is this what this data is meant to give you some more information on?
Speaker F: It's such a good question. I think they do and I think they win because of numbers. And so when you look out in the world, maybe there's a few thousand hedge fund analysts. And when you look on platforms like us, which are brand new and we've onboarded thousands of users already, like you start to say, okay, well, if I take the top 1% of my thousands, and obviously we're growing and we start getting to numbers like ten thousands. Once you start getting to those numbers, our top 1% versus their top 1% are going to be pretty competitive. I think that over time we're just going to be bigger and we're going to win it in numbers. As technology starts to get distributed like real vision, giving you access to tons of different data, things like Koi fin for charts or Tradingview for charts and fundamental data, we're just getting so much of an equalization of data. And you don't just need a Bloomberg subscription to be a star investment analyst. Now, I think there's so many services available online that allow you to put up these amazing books like Swing Trader or Reese Parkinson, and you can go up against the big guys.
Speaker E: Well, Reese, we did have a little comb through the COVID website and it does say that Cove finds rewards and train top investment managers from any backgrounds for others to copy, ensuring everyone can win. So the potential issue is if everyone copies the best ones, wouldn't there be losers elsewhere in the market? Can everyone truly win in this scenario?
Speaker F: So we've designed it in a way that we only allow what we call large and liquid stocks and so on. Covey, you can invest in any cryptocurrency, ETF or us equity that is bigger than a billion dollars, us in market cap and trades more than a million dollars a day. And so that means that if we find these best and they have this portfolio, like you're looking at that swing trader, they're invested in Disneyland, they're invested in AMD and Solana, like huge companies, there's a lot of room for us in there to follow them along. So we want to make sure that we're doing that. These aren't penny stocks.
Speaker E: Okay? Okay. All right, so I'm just, you know, I've been using it for, like, more than six months now. But we need to talk about. Because at the end of the day, this is a gaming platform. It's not real money that you're using to investment. It's a gaming platform where you use the test out of your trading strategies and your thesis and what you have, where you have your conviction. And so, Brooke, for people who are completely new to Covid, how do people join? Like, someone on the community chat is already asking, is there a how to guide somewhere? That's my favorite whales of bitcoin on Twitter. He's asking, you know, is there a guide? Because it's not straightforward for some people. I know that. So how would you advise for one to start joining and start playing in Covid?
Speaker F: Yeah. So we understand that creating really important to people allows them to credentialize themselves. But at the same time, like, we're posting your track record to the blockchain. So it's immutable. So you could actually use it to raise money. That's important. But to do that, it's kind of hard. Blockchain is a brand new technology. Yes, we can create an immutable track record for, like, less than pennies, but it's tricky. So all you have to do is go to covey, c o v e y IO, and you can go rv, and you can join the real vision investment league. There lots of ways to join at the bottom of the page, and you create your portfolio. And we have a really nice step by step guide as to how to do it. So you'll need a metamask wallet, and we'll lay out the steps of how to connect to metamask wallethood, how to get onto the polygon network, and then some recommendations on, like, how to add trades. And so once you join. Once you join there, all you're really doing is you're putting together a portfolio. And so you're saying, like, meta, 30%, BTC, 10%, Netflix, 10%, and then you're just hitting save portfolio. But we, like, we walk you all through that. And if you have any questions, you can ask the team or the community on discord. And there's lots of people who have done it so they can help you.
Speaker E: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real vision crypto daily briefing.
Speaker G: You're a podcast listener, and this is a podcast ad. Reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from lips and ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements, or run a reproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience with lips and ads, go to lipsonads.com. now, that's Libsyn ads.com.
Speaker E: And then I'm just looking at the bottom. It says next draft, 30 September. What does that mean?
Speaker F: So basically we have these 14 teams and as much as people can join them anytime we like to every quarter, revisit the teams and draft people from those recruitment clubs. So anyone can join these recruitment clubs. If you have a RV collective NFT, join the RV collective NFT because that proves you're a real person and you're going to be seen much quicker by your UK captain because they're going to be like, well, that's a real person. That's not spam. Anyone can join Covey. You could be spam. So we have these nfts that allow you to say, hey, look at me, I'm real. I have skin in the game. I'm in the RV collective community. And if you have your, your NFT associated with your crypto account when you join Covey, you'll just automatically be placed there. And so you join these recruitment clubs. If you're doing great, you may just get drafted right away to a team. Or every quarter we're going to look at you and draft you into a team and get you on Team Canada, team UK. I'm always looking for a talent.
Speaker E: Wow. Brooke, as someone who works for the collective, you are the Shiller that I didn't expect look like. But no seriousness. The RV collective has been a very fun family to grow and learn something in web three together. The people are in there. I do stick to my guns when I say there are some wonderful and really nice people in there that you know, because I just think even now in the world of crypto investing, it's a very lonely space, you know, for sometimes people who are not in this space and don't understand anything of blockchain technology, one they can lose their patience with. It just don't want to listen to the amount of tech that, you know. So the collective is a really nice way to start finding your crypto friends. And it's a good place. It's a good place to start. And we're serious when we say about your learning. And there's a whole trading platform that you can sort of play around with. Okay, so, Brooke, what's next for Covid? Where will this all be in six months? Because I feel like you're, I mean, just looking at your. It's a very small team. I'm going. I'm on your website right now. I like this one from your director of software engineering. He knows code. Where will you be in the next six months? Where will this all go? Because obviously, when something like this is so quietly building in the background in the world of web three, when there is a bull run, things will be fun again. So where do you see Covid in six months?
Speaker F: Yes. I'm really happy. We've been growing in this bear market in crypto and so we've still been able to double our analyst pool. But I think as over the next six months, we want to lean into this investment league. We have six months data on this investment league. We found some amazing talent. I want to build this out into much more of an esports. We're going to do more commentary. Elaine, get excited. We're going to do some more videos and we've already done a few of them. We're going to do more videos highlighting the best. We're going to bring the stars, the.
Speaker E: Monster games where a ton of people just sweating and playing monster games. I'm just happy. This is a bit like using my brain power a little bit. And sometimes even I message you and go, oh, my God. I've allocated my positions, but none of this was in real money. And I've done so well. I remember that conversation.
Speaker F: Oh, my God, your portfolio is killing it. And so we'll bring out, we're going to try to bring up people, the stars from this league, onto the show. We brought out Viz on the last show, amazing analysts and hear their story. And so the goal is to find the best and we want to highlight that. And so we're going to use the real vision platform to be able to celebrate these amazing star analysts. And then as well, we're going to be keep investing into the rewards for being part of these teams. And so last quarter, we gave nfts to the top. What did we top two or top three? I think top three ns on the individual competition.
Speaker E: Top three. We gave away a genesis, which is access to pro crypto. And it was definitely over, I think. Yeah, a genesis is 0.8, maybe beneath.
Speaker F: Yeah. So some serious prizes here in this league. We're both going to invest more and so just more content, more prizes, and I hope we hopefully we can add more teams. We're really interested. If you've got a group of ten people or so even, we'll take a little bit less than that, but we were trying it for ten. And you want to create a team, we're happy to get you on board. Reach out to us on discord. And so we want to build this league out and we want to make it something that's really fun to watch so those people who are like investing junkies like myself can ride along and find the best.
Speaker E: Yeah. With the the best part of this six month plus journey. Ray, do me on the platform is saying Nvidia was the best position for me. I think some people are watching the show as part of our community is literally remembered that they've got some positions and logging on to the COVID league. Looking at it right now, by the way, viewers, put your questions in the chat. We ask the best ones to end. Remember, real visions take priority if we recognize your usernames, even from the macro side, or if you play along with us in discord from the world of web three. If you're not a member yet though, go to realvision.com crypto to sign up. It's absolutely free. It's where a new episode of Ralph House Adventures in crypto premieres every Friday. Okay, so I'm going to see if there's any questions. I don't think there's any questions for us today. Let me just check because I've sort of went through it with. Well, actually I had one question from Wells of bitcoin and we've already answered that one, which is, how do you get started? So he's going to get started off in a couple of days. Ray Dumi on the community chat just reminded me that a Genesis RV genesis is actually worth 1.3 eth right now. Which is nice. Which is nice.
Speaker F: It's a great price.
Speaker E: It's solid. It's solid. A diamond set of hands, I would say, in it that really understands. Well, the macro and crypto backdrop blended in together. I feel like that's the patience and timeline the genesis holders have in that space, which is really nice. Okay, well, Brooka, any final words from you before I let you go and carry on building your empire?
Speaker F: It's been really fun. Just reminder, if you want to compete to be the best, join the Covey Real Vision League. If you want to invest alongside the best, check out our app Covey legends. C o V Y. We're in the app store for us residents and we're happy to have you invest alongside some of these stars without really doing anything.
Speaker E: Brooke Belcourt, a very patient hedge fund manager talking to a normie. All the time. Thank you for joining us on the show. Pleasure having you.
Speaker F: Thank you.
Speaker E: All right, that's it for today, visionaries. Please make sure to go onto our website. Go to realvision.com crypto. It's free to sign up for our crypto content. Tomorrow, your boy Ash will be back in the hot seat with co founder of Babylon. See you at 09:00 a.m. pacific time, noon Eastern and 05:00 p.m. eastern London time, where it is essentially pub o'clock. Anyway, thanks for watching. See you guys on Friday for a very special day. See you soon.
Speaker A: What's up, revolutionaries? Thanks for tuning in. For more content like this, head over to realvision.com and get unfiltered access to the very best, brightest and biggest names in finance.
