Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30. 30 baby get 30 baby get 20. 2020 baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month so give.
Speaker A: It a try at mint mobile.com switch.
Speaker C: $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time Unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker B: Here's why you should watch today's briefing us authorities have sanctioned crypto mixing service tornado cash. We'll explain what it is and why it matters. Plus, we'll hear from investors one what he thinks of the ethereum merge. We will break down our conversation with Seth Ginz and leave you with key takeaways. Welcome to the real Vision Crypto Daily Briefing. My name is Ash Bennington. With me today we have Moritz Siebert. Let's get right in to the latest price action. Bitcoin is lower as it struggles to remain above the 24,000 mark it hit earlier today. It's become a bit of a resistance level as it was reached three times already this month. Forbes is reporting the recent plunge has hurt the crypto ATM market. This chart from coinatmradar.com shows rapidly falling new installations. So far in August, more crypto ATM's have been removed than installed. Forbes says the last time this happened was in 2015. Looking at price movement again, one notable performer today is Zcash. It's a cryptocurrency focused on privacy and anonymity. It's been one of the biggest gainers following the tornado cash development, which is today's top story. The US Treasury Department has sanctioned tornado cash. It's a cryptocurrency mixing service that makes transactions more private. Us authorities have called tornado cash, quote, notorious. They accused it of helping North Korea in their hacking group in North Korea, I should say launder stolen funds, which allegedly includes $455 million stolen as part of the largest known crypto heist when NFT backed video game Axie Infinity was targeted in a $600 million hack in March. Some companies have already cut ties with tornado cash. One of them is circle, the consortium behind the US DC stablecoin. It told the block it being circle, it is blacklisted wallet addresses controlled by tornado Cash. Maurits give us some context on the tornado cash story.
Speaker C: Sure happy to do that. Ash, like you said, tornado cash is a mixer. It's an Ethereum mixer, to be precise. So this is a difference that it's not a privacy coin, such as, for example, Monero, and so you can use it, or zcash, as you have mentioned. And so what essentially happens is all the deposits on the platform, they get pooled, then they get mixed, and therefore, you no longer know the origin. So I can do a transaction with you or anybody else, and it's kind of like the direct connect between the receiving and the sending. Wallet is broken at that point. So that's the mixer. And if you're doing illicit business, the lasso's group, North Korea Hackers, that's one of the services that they use. I've never used it. I don't have any need to use it. Interestingly, the website's down. I'm not sure if it's down in the United States, but it's down across Europe. I've checked with a couple of friends on WhatsApp. It's definitely no longer working in Germany. It's no longer working in Poland. It's no longer working in France. So when the US sanctions something, it seems to be moving quite quickly all around the world. Is this a good thing? Honestly, Ash, I don't know. I'm not sure why the blacklisting would really stop the hacking, whether that's done by North Korea or any other group or any other country. Point a and point b as a, as a. You know me as Moritz. I think privacy is an important thing when it comes to, you know, monetary transactions. When we do a cash transaction that is completely private. Right. I mean, to the extent of not using my credit card or debit card. And I just, you know, buy coffee with cash, that is a private transaction. Nobody really knows that I've purchased that coffee. Nothing bad with anybody knowing that I'm buying a coffee. But it's like you want to have some privacy when it comes to financial transactions. And so, yeah, I'm not sure if the existence of a mixer, per se, is a bad thing, but the USC, the difference.
Speaker B: Yeah, you've raised some very important open questions there, and these, as you point out, are still being sorted out. Important questions. I'm sure we'll be covering this story more in the future. Talking of stories that we are covering, I wanted to touch on a couple of other points here. Hold not this is the cryptocurrency industry shakeout is clearly not over. Singapore based crypto lender and borrower. Hold not is the latest victim. The company has paused withdrawals, swaps and deposits. It says the move was due to recent market conditions and to focus on stabilizing our liquidity and preserving assets. However, another Singapore based company, Crypto Exchange, Zip Max Wallet, says it will start allowing some withdrawals of bitcoin and ethereum this week. So I guess some good news there. Final story. I wanted to touch on here more. It's finally Galaxy's net loss tripled last quarter to more than half a billion dollars. Galaxy's AUM plunged 40% from last quarter. Despite this, it's Toronto listed shares skyrocketed some 17% on Monday and if I'd say it skyrocketed. This is the volatility we see in this space on crypto companies. On the earnings call, CEO Mike Novogratz said the company will continue to grow. We're also keeping an eye on Coinbase. The company recently hit with an investigation by SEC, is reporting results today. Moritz, any thoughts on these two stories on hold, not on Galaxy and on the resumption by Zip Max Wallet.
Speaker C: Yeah, maybe start with Galaxy. The loss, I mean, it's a large loss, but it's not a surprise that is a loss to begin with. You know, we all know that Mister and Novogratz has been, maybe continues to be a fan of Luna. I'm not sure if the tattoo is still there, but that was a major position and we all know that that hasn't worked. So it created a hole in the balance sheet. It's a loss, but the company is standing. And look, I think the market is looking through this. They know they're dealing with an extremely volatile, high growth, exponentially fast growing asset class, and it's super long duration. So the future for crypto apparently is bright. And therefore the stock reacted as it did yesterday with, I think, a 20% or so up move, despite the best news coming out. So buy on bad news is what happened there and then really on Hodlnald, it's same. Same but different. Same story, different name. Strikes me as exactly the same that we did see with vaults related to Celsius. So you have a centralized CFI lending platform that offers attractive yields to customers, but then engages in speculative activity with customer deposits, and those activities have gone wrong. What exactly went wrong with Hodlnod? I don't know, but I guess it's been some maturity transformation mismatch as it usually the case. So you lend out the money longer than you have the other side against it, and at some point that no longer works. So same same but different. Really?
Speaker B: Same? Same but different. Finally, one more breaking news story before we do our deep dive into an interview. Breaking today, iranian media are reporting Iran has made its first official import order using cryptocurrencies worth some $10 million. It's a move likely aimed at evading us sanctions. The news agency did not specify which cryptocurrency was used. We'll keep an eye on this story, as it could have big geopolitical implications. I think that was actually a semi official news agency coming out of Iran. Moritz, any thoughts on this story?
Speaker C: The only thought I have, Ash, I'm not surprised. I am really not surprised. Whether it's a nice thing to see this happening is in the eye of the beholder. But am I surprised? No, absolutely not. Given the sanctions, that this is not only about Iran. We've seen this now with Russia. Their central bank reserve assets held elsewhere are essentially frozen. They can no longer access it. We've seen it in Cyprus where we have bank balance. It's like as an in quotes depositor, you're not really depositing anything with the bank. You can get sanctions. You can lose access to your fiat money at a finger like a mouse click if somebody wants you to lose that access. So the same is true for countries. And to see countries kind of like circumventing sanctions or restrictions using cryptocurrencies to avoid using the US dollar is actually not a surprise. Something I wouldn't be surprised to see happening more often in the future.
Speaker B: Okay, transition to our interview. When it comes to cryptocurrency investing, a big part of it is risk management. Of course, as we saw with Galaxy Digital last quarter. Maurice, you spoke about how to survive in these tumultuous markets with Seth Ginns, managing partner at crypto focused investment fund coin fund. Let's take a listen.
Speaker C: Let's speak about the trading side of that business a bit, because as I've mentioned, there are some thesis driven investors out there that would buy into a long position or maybe enter into a forward agreement to hold future tokens as they are released. And then they would hold it for a very long time because they're so convinced that this project is going to be just great, but it'll take years to play out. They take the volatility on the chin, they take the drawdowns on the chin, they just stick with it. They run into 80 90% drawdowns or even more. That is their thing. Are you operating in the same type of way? So I guess what Im getting at is whats the turnover of your portfolio, how frequently do you change it? Youve mentioned that it can skew into equities, it can skew into tokens. So clearly theres some dynamics happening. Youre a fundamentally driven investor, but at what point would you say, ok, enough is enough, Im leaving that token alone. Im no longer interested. Youre taking a loss, for instance.
Speaker D: Yeah, so we are long term investors, but we think one of the benefits of liquid tokens in crypto is the ability to risk manage. So if you think about just going back to another.com analogy, if you think about Amazon, you could have held Amazon through the downturn and then all the way back up, and it was one of your best performers over the two and a half decade period from then till now. Or you could have risk managed that Amazon position somewhere along its path of being down over 90% in the.com bust, and you would have just added to that return potential. Or frankly, there is a continuous set of options where you could have also held it but then added more at the bottom. What we love about liquid crypto is that continuous set of flexibility and optionality that we have. But what we're really looking for is the technological winners that we think are going to be the big asymmetric opportunities over the long run, the exponential opportunities, but availing ourselves of the ability to risk manage based on the fact that many of these opportunities are liquid and that we have the ability within different funds to to avail ourselves of that liquidity. But we're taking long term fundamental views on the investments, and the hope is that we're choosing the opportunities that will be the next amazons, that we'll see that very asymmetric return potential first, Moritz.
Speaker B: A really incredible conversation, a true peer to peer conversation between market professionals that we love to do here on real vision. You were talking about long term investments in crypto. A little bit of jargon in there for people who are new to financial services. What are the differences between illiquid venture investments and liquid tokens? And finally, what are the implications for risk management?
Speaker C: Moritz yeah, start with the definition. So a venture capital investment and vc type of fund, they usually come with ten year plus lockup periods. You would give money to a manager. They will not immediately deploy it. In most cases, they will hold it as tri powder and then invest as opportunities present themselves. But it's for a very long period of time. So it's a very long investment horizon and it's a lopsided return, hopefully at the end of the road, after ten years, you don't see a lot of the volatility because it's locked up and it's not reported. It doesn't have a daily nav, these type of things. On the flip side, a token is liquid. It trades twenty four seven. And theoretically you could produce an nav every day or every hour if that's what we want to do. And if it's liquid, that means you can buy and sell it, which is not something that you can immediately do with AVC investment or private equity investment because it's private and it's not listed on exchange. There's no liquid market that's open where you could go to and just trade. So what Seth is telling us here, and this is where the rubber meets the road, is that he favors the liquidity because it gives him an opportunity, it gives him optionality. Lets distinguish if hes long or if anybody is long. An acid that just goes up and up and up and up and up and it moves from the lower left to the top right. Well thats easy, right? You feel very good about this. Nothing to do there except for maybe increase your position size. But what if that position is volatile and it enters a drawdown and its down 80%. Its down 90%. And weve seen this in the last couple of months with some of the Defi tokens, some of the gaming tokens actually drawing down 80 and 90%. And now it's a question of trader skill and timing. Like are you really so skillful that you'll be able to spot the opportunity at down 80 or down 90? And do you have the emotional stability to add to your investment down there? Because that usually is a point of pain because you've lost so much money and your investors are starting to lose confidence and they're asking difficult questions and you kind of like, you question yourself, like, was that the right position to take at the beginning? Maybe that was a mistake and you should throw in the towel. So this is difficult investing, by the way. That wouldn't be my investing style. I'm too much of a scaredy cat for that. Like I'm much more like a trend follower. If I have a small loss, I throw the position away. I stand to live to fight for another day because I can always get back in. So I'm very prepared to take many, many small losing trades, get back onto the train as the trend resumes. But Im very reluctant to eat into my core capital, like 80 or 90%. That wouldnt feel very good to me. Everyones different. Which is why these markets are so fascinating. Hes a thesis driven investor. He formulates these thoughts and these ideas in his head that some token is going to do many times or go many axes from where it is today, and then they just buy that stuff. It's fascinating.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium Wireless 30 get.
Speaker C: 20 2020 to 20 2015 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint mobile.com switch $45 up front for three.
Speaker C: Months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full termsntmobile.com dot yeah, it really is.
Speaker B: Excellent insights, Moritz. What else did you and Seth talk about?
Speaker C: So one interesting concept is the so called layer zero protocols. Actually, that is a term that I have had for the first time ever in my life. So let's see what he says about this. And you've mentioned the term layer zero. And, you know, I think people are starting to get their heads around layer ones and layer twos. And we're categorizing the Tokyo universe, sectorizing that token universe into things such as web three and nfts and metaverse and gaming and exchange tokens. So here's Seth, and he mentions layer zero. What is this?
Speaker D: So it's interesting. Layer zero means two different things and they're related, but the term is starting to morph. So layer zero, historically was the blockchains of blockchains, kind of the native interoperability blockchains. Think of Polkadot or Cosmos. Those were ecosystems that were built around a technology platform that enabled interoperability between the blockchains within that ecosystem. But then the layer zero that I just mentioned is one of the newer cross chain interoperability solutions, and we actually don't think of that. So you think about layer zero quite literally when we're talking about Polkadot or Cosmos as sitting at the bottom of the technology stack, and then you would have your blockchains on top of that. And we think about where layer zero, the project sits, which is one of those cross chain interoperabilities, as actually sitting a little further up in the technology stack, sitting on top of other blockchains and allowing for liquidity to be pooled across blockchains that don't necessarily have this core base ecosystem that they're all participating in. By the way, we were talking about the cadence of innovation, that change. I'd say has been a change that's happened over the last two years, a fairly quick change in nomenclature. I wouldn't say that it's a wholesale change in nomenclature as much as one of the projects that that cross chain interoperability layer has the name layer zero. But we're seeing a little bit of an unexpected reconfiguration of the tech stack. Then to take that one step further, we're now seeing a layer of the tech stack emerge called cross chain interoperability aggregators. What they are is a layer that sits on top of the different cross chain interoperability protocols and allows you to send different types of activities through different interoperability protocols based on what you're optimizing for. Are you optimizing for liquidity? Are you optimizing for trustlessness? And if we step back, and I think this is a great micro example of what's happening, if we step back, what we're seeing happen is in the traditional software world, you would have a very purposeful development of the technology stack and it would involve all of the major players at different parts of that technology stack. And what you see in crypto is it happens organically and it happens with developers who are based all over the world. It happens in a very uncoordinated way. And by uncoordinated I don't mean chaotic as much as I mean the teams are not necessarily saying, okay, you're dominant in this area. I want to work with you to figure out how to build a layer that will sit on top of you. A lot of this is independent teams saying this is where there's a problem. I want to figure out how to solve this problem, and they build a new layer of the technology stack. Our job is sitting on top or sitting back as an investor and saying rather than getting caught up in the very short term dynamics, the very short term moves. How do we think this is going to look when the dust settles? Where do we think value is going to accrue over the medium to long term?
Speaker B: Okay, that's a mouthful. Let me give you some context on why this matters. These layer zero protocols. This is about cross chain interoperability and aggregators, protocols like Cosmos and Polkadot. Our viewers here on real vision crypto daily briefing already know why this matters. There have been massive security breaches on bridges. These are external mechanisms of connecting chains together. A huge one with axie that I mentioned earlier in the show, most recently one with Nomad. Moritz, you're an investor. As we all try and understand this complicated software jargon. What's your take on this?
Speaker C: Well, first of all, Ash, Seth has given at least me, maybe some of the viewers as well, a little bit of homework for my upcoming vacation, which is to really read up on how layer zero works. Because honestly, I was surprised to hear the term. I was always brought up to use the bitcoin analogy. If you want to visualize that bitcoin is a layer one, lightning is a layer two. Therefore, layer zero needs to be sitting underneath bitcoin, which is the layer one. But then Seth took this the other way around and said like the layer zero could actually be sitting on top of the layer one and be the connective tissue that brings it together. So I want to read up on that. To your point on the exploits and you've mentioned Nomad and these type of things, I agree with you. Most of the attacks and most of the exploits that we have seen and experienced or we needed to read about in the last couple of months have been exactly at that level of that. At the level of interoperability, it hasn't been at the level of the exchange. Maybe there has been an exchange hack and we just aren't aware of it. But three, four, five years ago, with regularity, there were exchange hacks. That was the risk, that was the exploit, that is what was really targeted. But now it's these bridges, it's the scaling solutions. There's all these types of things happening at protocol level. That's where the risk is now. I think this is a growing space, by the way. I think cross chain interoperability is going to be a big, big thing because I find it difficult to imagine a world where we're going to have dozens and dozens of layer one blockchains. We probably can do with a handful, five to ten, something like that. They'll be good at specific things. One is a little bit slower, but therefore has more security and the other one's faster. And these type of things, you want to be able to move between these chains and that is what the interoperability is doing. So you can have a bitcoin rapid, move it to Ethereum mainnet, but it needs to be able to live on both chains now and find its way back or be able to go to yet another chain. These types of things are important for the entire ecosystem to work. I can only see this grow, and hence it's one of the things on the reading list for my upcoming vacation.
Speaker B: Yeah, very much. Lots of reading. I think for all of us to do with that. Shifting gears here, a little bit to ethereum. I've heard Seth has some big expectations for Ethereum post merge.
Speaker C: Yeah, indeed, and especially around the upcoming merge. So let's take a listen here. Do you have a fundamental model for Ethereum whereby you could say, yeah, it should be a ten k or something like that?
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, I think the change in supply dynamics, a lot of what you discussed is more quality qualitative, but the change in supply dynamics is very much quantitative, where the combination of going through the merge, not having miners who are sellers consistently, and then having EIP 1559 with an additional burn gets you to very nice supply contraction. So you end up with the sound money meme on Ethereum, which is the dynamic that it's even better potentially than the store of value narrative around bitcoin in the sense that it will have supply contraction rather than just stable supply. TBD on that. But I think we need to think about so the question of where it can go is, I think fairly clearly above the prior high given the change in supply dynamics. And there's another dynamic as well, which is the layer two scaling solutions that we were talking about earlier. As you enter a world with scaling solutions that allow you to have much higher fees on the base layer but not affect activity because you're amortizing those fees across a lot of users and a lot of transactions, you end up having the potential for much higher revenue generation in a way that doesn't end up slowing activity on Ethereum. The problem that Ethereum had in the past was whenever activity picks up, whenever revenue generation picks up, it becomes unusable because fees move higher. A lot of the scaling solutions that are going to be coming to market with tokens over the next year allow you to amortize fees across a much bigger set of transactions and actually have high base level, base layer fees, while not having the user experience such a high fee level, which again allows you to capture a lot more revenue generation. And that's what drives the fee generation models for ethereum much higher, reflected in a greater burn of Ethereum, which again would lead you to see much higher prices for the token over time. That said, what I love about the setup here, so I'll say two things. What I love about the setup is there's a growing amount of concern around whether miners try to do a hard fork into the merge and create noise, whether there is a problem with the merge, which I think is probably less likely, but there are some risks going into the merge which lead the merge to not be priced in fully going in and.
Speaker B: So this is about quantitative valuation models. Seth talks about the changes to supply dynamics in Ethereum. Obviously, some very technical points here. Moritz I'm going to just gloss over them. He talks about the merge, the transition from proof of work to proof of stake in about EIp 1559. This is a change in the fee structure in Ethereum. But what's interesting to me, big picture, is Seth talking about the sound money component. Here's what I want to ask you as an investment professional. Talk about the broad supply and demand dynamics. What happens when the supply of an asset contracts?
Speaker C: Moritz absolutely, Seth. By the way, I thought that was one of the best parts. I mean, they were all good, all good parts. And the conversation with Seth. But this was really interesting. And it ties back to a conversation that I had with Seth personally about two months ago in London when I met him for the first time. And, you know, we were chatting about all sorts of things, and he was saying, look, Maritz, because at some point we may see that flip, the flippening between Ethereum and bitcoin, meaning ether becomes the dominant coin in the ecosystem. It takes number one in the market cap tables and bitcoin falls to position number two. So again, that could happen. But what does it mean? It means a lot of things. It actually means that the idea that we have that bitcoin is that monetary medium. That is kind of like the narrative right now, the digital goal. It's a monetary medium. It's very good at that. It's very slow, but it's very secure. And Ethereum is this modern, smart contracting platform after the merge, even faster. Well, not directly after the merge, but with sharding, then even faster, but more efficient after the merge. And so therefore, it will have a big mold around it. And sas will say, well, you know what? If that's the case, if we're all using Ethereum, because Ethereum is so dominant, then it will also have a monetary component. It will also have a monetary character. And you might use it in just the same way that you're using bitcoin today to either store value or transfer value. You will do that with Ethereum. So that was interesting. Now, supply, demand, this is what this merge is not all about, this, but it's a byproduct of that merge. It will reduce supply because that's programmed, obviously the proof of work. Miners will no longer be in a position to sell because there's no longer that mining block reward that's been given out. And there's a greater incentive for users of Ethereum to stake their positions and therefore withdraw it from the liquidity of the space. And therefore all of that is a supply contraction which should move the price higher. Supply demand economics. Whats interesting to me and that brings me back to some of the things that I hear in the market is well we had a high of 4700 in Ethereum. Its trading between 1617 hundred today and we have another five weeks to go until the merge happens. So why arent we closer to that old high? Has that high been a mega bubble and the 4700 price has been completely unrealistic? I dont know but its kind of like even though Ethereum is up 70 75% whatever from the lows, it's still far away from that high. And people tell me look it's discounting a couple of things, it's discounting that there could be a glitch, it's discounting that there could be a delay and it's discounting the fact that there's a risk of a fork. So the fork meaning that there's like some miners now working against the upcoming merge and trying to retain the existing Ethereum mainnet as is. So that is a possibility. And some people are putting up trades around that. One of the trades that I hear is going through the market is actually to be long spot Ethereum and shorten futures contract on an exchange or on a couple of exchanges to diversify counterparty risk that expires say at the end of September, at which point the merge should have gone through. But if there is a fork, then the spot Ethereum position gives you both, it gives you the new Ethereum, gives you the old Ethereum because that's the fork and the Ethereum futures contract is tied to the current Ethereum version. And therefore if there's a fork, current Ethereum should probably move lower. It should pay out on the futures contract. And you have two assets on the spot side. So that's a trade that's going through the market. I don't have that trade on. I just found it very interesting by the way. It's a trade that you get paid for to make because the futures curve is incontango. So the futures contract is trading more expensively, slightly than the spot position. So from a risk reward perspective, if you're just like a trader and you don't have any views on Ethereum, it's a trade that at least you can research and think about.
Speaker B: So positive carry because the trade is in Contango. Because the futures curve is in Contango, I should say. And the ultimate derivatives position is covered because you own the underlying, correct?
Speaker C: That's right.
Speaker B: Very interesting and very well said, Moritz. It's great to have you having these conversations with us on this show. Talking of which, I should say, we've got some questions from the audience on Ethereum. Are you up for taking some of these?
Speaker C: Yeah, I can. So here's a question. Can you or the community model or give an educated opinion on what percentage of ETH tokens will end up being staked after the merge happens? 360 912 month outlook. Oh boy, that is a great question, honestly.
Speaker B: Just give us the future price, Morris. That's all we need.
Speaker C: Yeah, no, exactly.
Speaker B: Different timers.
Speaker C: We had this last time you were asking me about the future price of something else, and I was extremely confident to give you that, Toby, I'm really sorry. I don't know. I haven't spoken to people about that in this manner. The Ethereum that I have to an extent, by the way, it is staked in my padded. I may keep that stake position for a while longer. It'll be very interesting to see what the yield is going to be. Raul was speaking about the Internet bond and this becoming the new yield curve. That is really interesting and fascinating at the same time because it is a hurdle rate for the space, if you can belong Ethereum, and you like Ethereum because you get paid your yield in Ethereum. But let's say that's seven, 8910, eleven, whatever percent. I mean, that becomes a big, big hurdle for an alternative asset. You got to be that. You got to be better than this, right? Otherwise I'm staying in Ethereum because it's kind of like this blue chip type of thing. So all the micro smaller cap early stage tokens, they really need to measure against that hurdle. I think the other thing is Ethereum might be the new green crypto asset, an ESG terminology for institutional investors. This has always been the point of critique. And the concern with bitcoin, it's energy intensive. It might be polluted. I don't necessarily agree with all of these assessments, but when you speak to institutional investors, that is an immediate point that comes up. And every discussion that you have with them is power consumption.
Speaker B: Especially in Europe.
Speaker C: Especially in Europe. That's correct. And now you have Ethereum going to proof of stake, which doesn't consume zero power, but it consumes very little power. You can run this off of your laptop and your computers are running during the day anyway, so it doesn't really move the needle. So is this now green? If it is green, then that could be the go to asset for institutional investors, even more so than bitcoin. And if the institutional investors do it and they have a long term view, and usually they do, then they may as well stake it if they feel safe with the staking mechanism and the processes behind that, which, by the way, I should say theyre not 100% secure. Theyre slashing risk. I mean, things can go wrong with staking. But lets say you like that setup and you make another between eight and 10% yield on the Ethereum position. Thats very likely something that theyll do. So I expect the demand for this to be high, Toby, but I can't give you an exact number of what percentage that it's likely going to be.
Speaker B: And by the way, Moura, it's something that you already know, but some of our viewers who don't have experience in the fixed income markets may not. This is precisely the way corporate bonds trade. They're priced at a yield to maturity at some spread over treasury rate, the risk free rate, which gives you that credit spread yield to basically price in the default risk of a particular corporate bond, correct?
Speaker C: That's exactly right.
Speaker E: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what. With each vendor, Ramp software collects and verifies receipts instantly to save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments. Time consuming tasks, which means youll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If youre a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions youve ever made. Get Dollar 250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy. Ramp.com easy. Ramp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank and celtic bank members have DIC terms and conditions apply.
Speaker B: So Mart, anything else that Seth Ginz has on his mind?
Speaker C: So he had one other story. I mean, we were talking about all sorts of things, but the one that we picked is about regulation. And this is timely because, you know, I think, was it last week or earlier this week we had the Senate come out that, you know, they're in support of ethereum being regulated by the CFTC. So it's going to be treated like a commodity in the same way that bitcoin is treated like commodity and property. When I speak to other managers, they tell me this is the thing that just needs to happen. We need to have the regulatory clarity, because we're concerned to touch any other asset right now than bitcoin or maybe ethereum. We're not even touching Polkadot or Solana avalanche because they could be viewed as securities, and then we'd be in a position that we would have offered and unreasonable securities to us investors. So let's listen in and see what Seth is saying about this.
Speaker D: We think regulatory normalization is the biggest story of this cycle. We think it's incredibly important seeing a proper regulatory regime, but a regime that's supportive of crypto as technology innovation, as innovation that governments will want to keep on shore. We're seeing a lot of positive movement in the US, and we think that that will be likely to spread over time. It's an area that we spend a lot of time on. And when you think about what that means, it's essentially the discount rate for the space coming down. So if you just look at the volatility of the space, use that as a way of developing or using as a proxy for the discount rate. I think the discount rate for crypto, generally speaking, is around 100%. So if I told you that my price target for an asset three years out was x, you would want 100% return each year until we got to that price target. And that sets the fair value for today. Discount rate required return two sides of the same coin. And we think that as the regulatory environment normalizes, that discount rate takes a one time step down. That's pretty material. If you think about the riskiest parts of the public equities world, like call it a mid large cap tech name, that isn't going to have cash flows for three, four years, those are usually discounted back at a 35, 40% rate. Even biotech, a similar type of level. So imagine the discount rate for a space that has long duration. So cash flows that are many years in the future going down from 100 plus percent to 30% to 50%, that's a very, very big one time rerating of the space higher, and then you have all of the growth on top of that, tied to these being global protocols with global developers, and a cadence of innovation that's off the charts. So we're very bullish. And we think that as excitement comes back into the space with each new bull market, you get a new cohort of investors coming into this space, and that will be accelerated by this regulatory normalization. So we're very positive on the return potential to space coming out of this downturn. And we're continuing to see a wave of top notch developers come from the traditional world into crypto. A wave of financial talent come from the traditional world into crypto. So we're just as excited, if not more excited, versus where we were six to twelve months ago.
Speaker B: What a great clip. Moritz. He comes out of the gate swinging and just lays out the thesis, quote, regulatory normalization is the biggest story of this cycle. He goes on to say a regime that's supportive of crypto as technology innovation and as innovation that governments will want to keep on shore. And finally, that we're seeing a lot of positive movement here in the United States. First, Moritz, what are your thoughts on the role of regulation? And second, why do you think this is so important for investors to understand?
Speaker C: Yeah, I wouldn't have used the word normalization, which is what he's using, because I don't really know what needs to be normalized. There isn't really that much regulation out there to begin with. And all the regulatory frameworks across the world are slightly different. The taxation is different. But I guess what he's referring to is regulatory clarity, that there is a regulatory framework that investors can rely on and that investors can use as a compass to navigate the space so that they know what it is that they're doing and that they also know when they are misstepping and what they should not be doing. Now, if that happens, that is essentially for all of us who like crypto, that is a massive call option. We're all along that call option, assuming that regulation is not punitive, but supportive in the same way that countries want to keep their tech companies at home, at bay, because that's where they employ people, that's where tax revenues are being generated. It seems that blockchain companies, blockchain technologies, all these things are going to be the tech companies of the future. Think about web three and all these dynamics that are happening. So you don't want to throw out the baby with the bathwater and completely kill the space. It needs to be middle of the road. Everybody needs to have a seat at the table. This, I guess, is the supportive regulatory framework that he's talking about. And then hes tying this into asset pricing. And what hes saying is that right now, given that we have a lot of things that are unclear, the discount rate and he was just using that as an example, is about 100%, which means that an asset that is trading at $50 today needs to be at $100 in a year. Hence, to reflect that 100% discount rate, you needed to double every year. Hes saying that discount rate will come down if there's regulatory clarity to something like 35, 40, 45%. That was the example that he gave with a fast growing tech company that isn't making money for the next couple of years, but may have a big business in five years down the road, that's the discount rate there. But if you do this, if you have the discount rate on an asset that has, and I think he said infinite duration, let's be clear about what it is that he means there. Ethereum doesn't have a maturity date like a bond, nor does bitcoin or any of these other tokens as far as I know. Right? I mean, they're just here to potentially live forever, which means their duration is infinite. And a slight change in the discount rate affects an asset with a long duration very, very strongly. You may recall the example of the now no longer 100 year argentinian bonds and now no longer 100 year austrian bonds, which were issued a couple of years ago. And I think those were great moves by the countries issuing them, and very bad moves for investors buying them because they're so long duration. And we've now seen people say, yeah, it's a massive change in interest rates. Yes, I mean, they have risen, but we're still not at super high interest rate levels. But the net value of these bonds, the market value of these bonds with a maturity or a duration of something like 60 years, still taking the coupons into account, they're off the charts. These things are down massively. This is essentially the effect that he's talking about with bitcoin and Ethereum. All these tokens is discount rate goes lower. The duration of these tokens is essentially infinite. Therefore they may actually jump. So it's not potentially just a smooth move higher. It may actually be a gap event, like a massive jump that is stimulated by that regulatory clarity as it comes forward.
Speaker B: Yeah, I believe the UK used to issue perpetual bonds. So maybe this is like the new British Empire is digital.
Speaker C: There you go.
Speaker B: Here's what we heard today. Here's what we learned. Seth Ginz talked about the advantages of investing in the liquid tokens. In his view, it allows investors to manage risk and make necessary portfolio adjustments, even when investing for the long term, which is his focus. Seth also talks about layer zero interoperability underscoring how this space is still evolving. Seth is also highly bullish on Ethereum and the opportunities presented by the upcoming merge, especially regarding the smaller supply of ETH. Finally, he thinks the key story right now is regulation. Seth believes there are a lot of positive developments on that front here in the US, although as today's news cycle has proven, there will always be some storms that blow across on that front from time to time. Finally, Moritz, it looks like we've got one more question from a viewer. This one comes to us from Ray on the real Vision website. Drawing. And this is the question drawing parallels from the 2008 financial crisis. What are the stages the market needs to go through before the cascading liquidation events like Hodlnut that we saw today come to an end? Obviously, a very specific question drawing parallels to the 2008 financial crisis. He wants you to be the Nuri al Rabini of crypto. What are the sequence that we're going to see in the event that we see these challenges continue?
Speaker C: Yeah, I caught myself smiling at the question because I thought, is there still anybody standing? I mean, which c five lending platform do you know of that still doing business? Apart from blockfi, all the other ones are. I mean, the ones that I know of, I'm not sure how many they are, but, like, vault is gone and Celsius is gone and huddlenut is gone, and there are at least two or three others that I've read about who have stopped business that are within the restructuring process. So I'm not sure how many there are still left and how much could be liquidated. I also don't know if the hodlnut assets have been entered into kind of like a liquidation framework or whether they have been liquidated into the market. That I don't know. But look, with every day that goes by, the probability increases that we have seen the lows. And I wasn't. I mean, there have been people on real vision and on other media channels, another platform saying the low is in something like three or four weeks ago. I refused to join them at that point in time because it's like, nah, you just never know. It's too early to say. I didn't want to make that bet at that point in time, but we're trading relatively range bound, but if not range bound, then we're moving higher. And the merge seems to be a positive. It seems to be a tailwind. It's a magnet. It's grabbing attention. It's the topic du jour since two weeks, and I don't think it's going to go away. It's probably supportive for the asset class. So with every day that goes by, with every day that we're staying where we are, I think the odds increase that we're moving higher and not seeing new lows. I'm not sure if that is a precise answer to your question. That's where I stand on this.
Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely. And that gives some flavor, some color, some context. By the way, this hodlnut story is so new, I just googled it to see what the latest news flow on huddle not was. The first thing that comes up is the huddle not ad for seven and a quarter percent Apy. So they're still running ads. That's how new this story is.
Speaker C: There you go.
Speaker B: Maurice, it's always a pleasure to have these conversations with you. You bring a level of depth and insight on the investing side. That really is a fantastic addition to what we do here in real vision. Thank you so much for joining us.
Speaker C: Thank you, Ash. It's a pleasure.
Speaker B: That's it for today's show. Tomorrow we'll do a deep dive into our interview with Robert Schrott on stablecoins. See you tomorrow live on real vision. Crypto daily briefing.
