Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30 30 baby get 30 baby get 20. 2020 baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month, so give.
Speaker A: It a try at mint mobile.com switch.
Speaker C: $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time Unlimited more than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: Join over 5000 attendees for the largest AI event in Asia, Super AI in Singapore June 5 and 6th, 2024. Edward Snowden, Benedict Evans, Balaji Srinivasan and over 150 others will hit the stage, joining the industry's most influential to explore and unveil the next wave of transformative AI technologies. Singapore will become a vibrant AI hub for a full week from June 3 to the 9th, with over 150 site events that will make for unparalleled networking opportunities. Visit superai.com for 20% off tickets with the code realvision. Look for the link in the description.
Speaker E: Today's guest is Raul Powell, co founder and CEO of Real Vision. Welcome, Raoul.
Speaker F: Fabulous to be here, Laura. Looking forward to it.
Speaker E: So the bitcoin price is around $44,000, which is more than double from a year ago. On Tuesday alone, it climbed about $2,000. And obviously one of the main catalysts is the imminent launch of spot bitcoin ETF's, or I should say the likely imminent launch. So do you agree that spot bitcoin ETF's will be as significant as the market seems to think?
Speaker F: Yeah, let me frame it for people in a way that people might understand it better. I think many of us know by now that we're building some sort of digital network states. And we've been doing this over time, even over Facebook and all of the other social media. It's moving towards these online societies. And what crypto did was enable digital online societies to also have a system of money and accountability and finance and value transfer. And all of this stuff pushes a new layer onto the Internet. So we've created, and I've talked about this in the past, a parallel financial system. So let's call that cryptoland. In the other world, which we can call fiat world, we have this massive but broken financial system and people still having to seek returns. And returns have generally been subpar for many in that, and it's difficult to participate so how does it, so this new economy, I think of it like an emerging economy. Cryptolande so how do economies work? Economies work. GDP growth is driven by population growth, productivity growth, and debt growth. Those are the three components that make GDP grow. So when you go to the fiat world, we've got aging populations and in many countries shrinking. We've got low productivity that may get changed by AI and other stuff, but it's still yet to be proven. But the old population is less productive and debt growth stopped essentially in 2008. And all new debt growth is really just servicing of old debts. When we go to this new emerging economy, we have population growing at 100% a year, which is the number of active wallets, if you think of it. It had a massive recession in crypto land in 2022 and the population grew 42%. So it's like, okay, this is an amazing thing. So obviously GDP growth is faster, productivity growth keeps increasing. Things like smart contract was a new increase in productivity for cryptoland, let's say compressed nfts, maybe what Solana's doing with firedance, maybe ZK proofs, all these things are productivity increases and then debt growth. Well, we've just wiped out the debt from the last cycle, so we're going to rebuild debt again this cycle because that's what humans do. They love a bit of debt. So now what you've got is this new digital economy that's not easily accessible to everybody. Not everybody's got a passport to go there. And then you've got this fiat world. And what this ETF is, is a trade agreement that fiat world people can go and invest in crypto land without having to be a native. They don't need a wallet, they don't need to self custody. They don't need any of this stuff that we all go through every day as part of our lives because we're citizens over there. But theyre not. But what theyve got is a free trade agreement. Free trade agreements really are all about where do I get my highest return on capital? So people want to do free trade agreements with India because its a growing population, large economy, its the same thing. Fiat world will be saying, well, am I going to get a high rate of return over in crypto land? In which case ill put some of my money at work there. Thats why this is important. Its not about a single event of, we're just going to bring raas in, it's something much bigger. It's bridging these worlds. And then as the money comes into cryptoland it then finds its way into the other states within crypto land, whether it's bitcoin land or whether it's Eth land or Solana land or whatever it may be, and it gets reallocated on the risk curve. Some of those are smaller emerging states and some of them are more established. So when people think of it like that, it's just an emerging market that's opening up for people to be able to invest in.
Speaker E: I have to say thats the most amazing explanation, partially because for several minutes of it, I was like, I asked him about bitcoin ETF's where is this going? So, yeah, amazing. I totally understand this and I feel like its one of those explanations that even non crypto people will understand, meaning the listeners of the show could use it for their non crypto friends. One thing thats kind of interesting is, you know, I feel like the previous booms in crypto had traditionally been led by something that was happening kind of native to the crypto space. So in 2013, it was just bitcoin itself, kind of the world understanding that there could be value there. In 2017 it was initial coin offerings. In 2021, it was nfts. So this bull market, in my opinion, is starting in a different way. So do you think that this bull market will end up being different or do you think there will be some kind of tech catalyst to it as well, or how do you think this will play out?
Speaker F: Yeah, so again, we've got this foreign direct investment coming in. So where is that capital going to be put to use and what is going to be the big analog? My mental model for this particular cycle is the everything everywhere, all the one cycle. Because if we think about it, $67 billion went into VC, into the space in the 2020 and 2021. That money has been given out to founders who are building all sorts of applications and projects and everything else. Some of them will be infrastructure layer, some will be applications layer, and everything in between. And if you see the focus of where most of these teams are working on, it's everywhere. So we're seeing the asset management that the fiat world companies are building on rails from cryptoland. So this is Franklin Templeton. This is all of these people looking at tokenizing real world assets. I think that starts the first wave of that starts then we're seeing at the other far end of the spectrum is everybody's focused on gaming because there's a huge audience there. So somebody's going to crack gaming in some respects. And pretty much every protocol has got teams working on that. We've got in the middle, okay, things like compressed NFTs and Solana I think are a much bigger deal than people understand because I think it allows for ticketing and ticketing is at scale consumer application of blockchain, of which you don't need to know. It's blockchain which is what the space has been waiting for. We've seen some attempts at social media and other sides of that. Maybe we'll see more of that. The brands haven't stopped, so we're still seeing the luxury fashion brands in the NFT space and I think we'll see a continuation of that. We've also seen the car companies, sports teams and others. So I think that continued space builds out as well. So I think it's more the applications of technologies than technologies. I think we've also got the identity idea that there's world coin. There's a few people who've started in that space and then using zero knowledge proofs which came around in the last cycle, the applications layer from that. So I'm just thinking it's actually going to be broader than people imagine and it's going to be more inclusive because we've now got this trade deal, the ETF's, because I think weve got the bitcoin one certainly coming and its a pretty high chance well get the ETH one as well.
Speaker E: So between the halving which is coming up next year, and the approval of spot bitcoin ETF's, where would you project the bitcoin price to be at say like halfway through 2024? And then at year end ive given.
Speaker F: Up giving prices to people because people on the Internet, theyre just not nice. And so you get Rel says this, so and so says that. It didnt do that. So ill phrase it a different way, is were seeing a much earlier ramp in the cycle than weve seen in the past, which is very interesting. Its very rare to be this strong this early in the cycle. Now we are front running some of the capital flows and so theres probably some correction that happens by the rumour seller fact. But I think if the space continues like this and we start getting monetary easing and the other conditions that tend to jumpstart the business cycle again, then we should see a very strong 2024 and most likely a strong 2025. The business cycles have been almost like clockwork. Two year up cycles one year peaking, one year down. And that corresponds. What's amazing is the bitcoin halving cycle is the same as the debt refi cycle which is, I think, what drives everything. It's the same as the election cycle. They're all the same thing. So if that continues to repeat, then it should go until 2026, when that should be a bear market year. But let's see. So I am obviously very bullish. I don't know. I was talking to Nova about this yesterday. I've got three outcomes in my head that I'm juggling with. The 60% probability is we have a very traditional cycle and that pushes bitcoin up to the 100,000 to 200,000 range and all the other assets accordingly. Where they are on the risk curve, theres a 20% chance this early start is signifying something much bigger, which is the larger adoption and the more capital into the space, which leads to larger price rises than people expect. Because people are quite scarred, because the last cycle seemed shorter than most people expected, everyone thought there was another final leg higher and that never really happened. The kind of 100,000 bitcoin, the laser eyes idea never got there. But maybe this time the shock is for excess returns beyond expectations. The other side that I grapple with as well is, well, maybe the whole cycle is front loaded and in fact it's shorter but more violence in 2024. So those are the three scenarios that I'm, I'm juggling in my head with. But 60% probability is just, it just does what it says on the tin and repeats what it usually does. Hey everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is a apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium Wireless 20 2020 get 2020 a bid to get 15 1515 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at mint.
Speaker C: Mobile.Com switch $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker E: As we discussed, an ethereum ETF is likely to launch within months. After a bitcoin ETF, do you think thats going to have a similar or different reception by institutions?
Speaker F: Thats a good question. For retail, its just price action. Whats likely to happen is the moment the bitcoin ETF is launched, the market will focus on frontrunning the ETH ETF. If the previous front running made money, theyll do it again, retail will get very interested. ETH is a broad, deep ecosystem. People are happy to get exposure to it. The institutions, it depends whether they give the yield in the ETF or not. If not, a lot of the institutions would prefer to own ETH itself because then they can stake it and get yield, huh? Because if you don't give them yield, some asset manager who launches the ETF's going to get rich. Blackrock, they'll make all the money because they'll get the ethical staking yield and they dont give it to the ETF holder. Weve seen that very commonly in ETF's in the past. So I think thats the thing, because when I speak to institutions, they get ETH because its just like, heres a bet on technology, its a broader based thing, and we get a yield. So we can just sit on it, which they dont get with bitcoin, but they understand the bitcoin story as well. So they understand theres two different things here at play.
Speaker E: Oh, this is so fascinating. Okay. But, yeah, right. Because you were talking to people where you've explained the difference. But do you think, do most institutional investors understand the difference between the two even before you explain it, or is it something that's kind of new information for them?
Speaker F: I think it's new information, but they will figure this out pretty fast because the people who are going to add an ETH ETF into their portfolio are reasonably advanced, or their raas because theyve got retail clients who want it. The people who were much more cautious but they want crypto exposure will definitely go for bitcoin. So I think theres a level of sophistication that means that they would most likely ask, the question is, how do I get the yield?
Speaker E: Okay. In which case then that ETF might benefit the likes of, or I guess its not the ETF, but simply that ETF may not have the same reception or rollout in the traditional financial markets, whereas we might see a continued benefit to players like a coinbase or something.
Speaker F: Is that, yeah, I think thats right. That would make sense to me. But it depends because the markets are pretty quick to arbitrage these things out. So somebody will launch one that gives you half of the yield and eventually youll get the whole yield. But I know asset management firms, they will try their best to keep that themselves because it's a very lucrative product. If they can capture four or 5% just by launching an ETF, I mean, that's the holy grail for them.
Speaker E: Right. So there's been a debate raging in the crypto community about Ethereum versus Solana. You seem very bullish on both. So can you describe your view on the value proposition for each?
Speaker F: So ethereum is broad, deep, and has no career risk in building on it. So it's, you know, it's the established, it's the establishment. It's like if you want to build in this space, that's the easiest place to go. The density of talent, the density of applications, the density of knowledge is immense. So how can you not be bullish on that? That's always going to attract people. It's always going to create a rich and vibrant ecosystem. Solana is kind of the new kid on the blog, but they've had managed to solve one of the problems that ETH was struggling with, which was speed and cost. Two of those they've managed to solve without compromising security. So, okay, that's interesting. So that's why we've seen a lot of people start building on Solana, and we've seen a very, very vibrant ecosystem being built. ETH had to solve that with layer two, sdhe, essentially. Well, it doesn't have to happen in Solana, but there's two big system developments in Solana. That really means that it has to play catch up in value terms, I think it doesn't mean it has to be the same size as ETH or bigger than ETH. None of those. It's just the rate of change of value accrual comes quite quickly. One is the compressed nfts I talked about before. Nobody's got their head around this yet. People thinking, oh, I can just print a million monkey jpegs. It's not about that. What else can you use a smart contract for? That's really interesting. Secondly, it's firedancer, which most people aren't aware of yet. But firedancer is the validator built by jump trading that essentially rebuilds Solana in a different language from the ground up. What they've done is double the security by having these two validators on the network. And in testing, it's had a million tpS. So this is of an order of magnitude different. Why does a million TPS matter? Because Salama's pretty fast as it is. It's because it matters. And why it's being built by jump trading is high frequency traders use fiber optic cables and their constraint is the speed of light. And they're like, well, if we want exchanges to go decentralized and be able to cope with the traditional financial markets, you need to get to this speed. That's what this is about. And that opens up a whole bunch of use cases. I see the vibrancy of the Solana developer network. I also think the UX of Solana overall is just nicer. It's just an easier place to hang out. And so the applications built on Solana just seem just a little bit easier. And so the comparison, Chris Berniske talks about this as well. Like Android versus apple, Solana feels like Apple. It's a closed system, but it's very slick, very good, will create great loyalty. Ethereum is much broader, much more open in terms of other things that can be built on top of it.
Speaker E: So do you expect one of them to become more dominant?
Speaker F: It's too early to tell. I mean, I would remain that ETH remains dominant because there is always innovation going on in ETH. It's not like it's a dead chain. So I just assume that the amount of smart people in the entire ETH ecosystem will bring breakthrough after breakthrough. But I just think there's a big catch up in valuation terms of the Solana network versus ETH network. Should it be a multi hundred billion dollar ecosystem? Could it be? Probably. Could eth be a trillion dollar plus ecosystem? For sure. I'm not sure that the pecking order changes, although I'm still a bit partial to the ETH flips bitcoin pecking order because of the number of use cases and network activity measured in different ways. But who knows? Doesn't really matter.
Speaker E: Yeah, those are fighting words, obviously. I'm sure you know.
Speaker F: I do. And again, it doesn't matter to me. I'm an investor in all three. Yes, I'm philosophical about the whole space as well, but also, I'm an investor.
Speaker E: Yeah. And I actually think just from the way you've described them, you've kind of pointed out what the value proposition is for each. So it's like if you're having an investment thesis around each of them, it's separate, they fill different niches in your portfolio. So I also want to cover this BRC 20 token thing, which is so obviously it's taken off on bitcoin. These are the fungible meme coins. It's similar to the ERC 20 token standard on a Ethereum, but adapted to bitcoin, because bitcoin doesn't have a way to build tokens in the protocol. So this week, Ordi, which is the biggest BRC 20, reached a $1 billion market cap. And I wondered, do you see value in tokens like these BRC twenties or.
Speaker F: Similar coins, it may not appear value yet because it all feels like it's memetics being traded. But what. And I think Udi makes this point pretty clear. It's about that the network can be used for other things. So if you remember I was talking about Ethereum and bitcoin didn't have any other applications layer because it's purely the store of value idea. But when you can do other stuff with that network, that's a very powerful idea. And what does that mean for bitcoin? I don't know yet, but I can only see it as a positive development. And I know some of the maxi community say, well, this is a terrible waste of block space.
Speaker E: They call it spam.
Speaker F: Yeah, but I'm much more open minded and say, listen, if you've got the most secure OG with the greatest asset, then to allow other applications to be built upon, that is probably a good thing.
Speaker E: So that's even more interesting is that now these are meme coins are being exported to other chains that actually do allow for native. For native coins to be created on their protocol. So we've seen Eth scriptions, there's Solana inscriptions, something called dogenols on Dogecoin. There's a bunch of these, like Polygon has them. So what about that scenario? As you mentioned in bitcoin, obviously it's creating something new, but then these chains actually already have an ability to create a token on them.
Speaker F: The most important difference here, and it's the point that Elon Musk made, is like most NFTs are actually not assets you own. They point to a place in the database for where the asset is stored. Inscriptions are on the chain. And so this is going to have its own value for different things where provenance is absolutely crucial and something could never take away. A database can't go over, a server can't go over something that loses the primary source of the information that the smart contract is holding. So yes, I think, again, I love this space because we start using technology in stupid ways by creating memes. But really the technology is being bootstrapped and to be able to be used for, for really more meaningful things. And I think the inscriptions idea overall is very powerful.
Speaker E: You've said that crypto is macro and macro is crypto. So for, let's say, the next six months or so, how do you see the macro picture affecting the crypto markets?
Speaker F: Yep. So my crypto markets are forward looking. So most people are saying, well, we're probably around a recession, we're seeing unemployment go up, blah, blah, blah. Crypto knew about this last year because it's forward looking. It actually trades on liquidity conditions. And I do a lot of macroeconomic research at my research company, global macro investor. And for us, the liquidity cycle just keeps going for the next two years. So we will see a bottoming of the economy, maybe q one Q two of next year that people will visibly start to see things improving. But the markets are already trading it, the equity markets already almost back at the all time highs. Crypto markets ripping because they're discounting this. If we live that six months in the future, are the Fed likely to be raising rates or cutting rates? Cutting rates. At worst they don't do anything. The probability is for easing of liquidity conditions. Is there a chance because we're going to an election year that the stimulate with fiscal stimulus, pretty much 100% chance they'd like to buy votes. So 2024 is all about stimulus and economic recovery. That's a very, very, very good backdrop. And that's the transition from crypto macro spring into crypto macro summer. And that macro summer crypto summer is we're starting to see growth pickup bottom pick up. But inflation is not picking up yet, still falling from the lagging effects of the old cycle. So inflation is not a problem. Growth is going up and liquidity is coming into the system. That's like the perfect environment.
Speaker E: All right, well, this is the no hype resource for all things crypto, but this was a very bullish episode. Thank you so much for coming on Unchained.
Speaker F: It was fabulous. Really enjoyed it.
Speaker D: Join over 5000 attendees for the largest AI event in Asia, Super AI in Singapore, June 5 and 6th, 2024. Edward Snowden, Benedict Evans, Balaji Srinivasan and over 150 others will hit the stage, joining the industry's most influential to explore and unveil the next wave of transformative AI technologies. Singapore will become a vibrant AI hub for a full week from June 3 to the 9th, with over 150 site events that will make for unparalleled networking opportunities. Visit superai.com for 20% off tickets with the code real vision. Look for the link in the description.
