Speaker A: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this for the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what with each vendor. Ramp's software collects and verifies receipts instantly. To save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments, time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use Ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker, adding Ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get dollar 250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy ramp.com easy ramp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank and celtic bank members have DIC. Terms and conditions apply.
Speaker B: Hello, and welcome back to the real Vision Crypto Daily briefing. Here's why you should join today's show. Financial heavyweights are joining forces to launch a new crypto exchange. We'll discuss what this means for the industry and for the average investor. Plus, we're on the verge of the merge. We'll do a deep dive with someone who has worked on it, Tim Baco. Stay tuned for key takeaways from that interview. It's also the final day of the salt conference in New York City. I'm Ash Bennington, and I'm joined today by Santiago Velez. Santiago, how are you doing?
Speaker C: I'm doing great, Ash. Thanks for having me back.
Speaker B: Well, it's great to have you here with us once again. And we should say, don't forget to click subscribe and hit the like button if you're on YouTube. Now, let's get right into today's price action. We're seeing bitcoin stabilize above $20,000 after a big drop yesterday that started around the time when the CPI data came out for the US. That, of course, is consumer price index, the inflation number. It showed inflation is still very hot, hotter than expected. Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies have been very sensitive to inflation as of late. Ethereum is also down, though not as much as bitcoin. Ethereum is hovering right now around the Santiago, any thoughts on the wider market and the price action?
Speaker C: Well, you know, it's just another day in crypto as far as I'm concerned, in terms of the drop, it still shows that bitcoin and other digital assets are a risk off in terms of tightening financial conditions. So not entirely unexpected, but I'd rather be a crypto holder today than an equity holder. Significantly outsized price action and equities. So for me, no big deal.
Speaker B: Yeah, outsized price action. To the downside yesterday in equities, we should say it looked a little bit like crypto markets.
Speaker C: Yeah, exactly. And a 3%, 4%, 6% change in crypto on a given day is not significant. In equities, though. It's a big deal. So I think that equity investors maybe should come along and see what we're doing over here in crypto and see better opportunities.
Speaker B: It sure is a big deal. Investors had whiplash yesterday in traditional equity markets. So let's take a look at our top news story of the day. Some of the biggest players in traditional finance are joining forces to launch a new crypto exchange. Fidelity Investments, Charles Schwab and Citadel securities are among the companies backing it. It will be called EDX markets and will serve both institutional and retail investors when it launches. Hasn't yet been announced. In the press release, the board of directors said, quote, Crypto is a $1 trillion global asset class with over 300 million participants and pent up demand from millions more. Unlocking this demand requires a platform that can meet the needs of both retail investors and institutional investors with high compliance and security standards. End quote. Santiago, is this a ringing endorsement of crypto companies that are just about as tradfi as it gets?
Speaker C: Well, I think this is another sign that the space is starting to mature and that there's significant opportunities in facilitating the purchase, trading and ownership of digital assets in the custody. So these institutions partnering together to provide a platform, to me, signals kind of the next phase where the next billion people are onboarded. And to do so, you really need to create infrastructure that's secure, reliable, and has regulatory compliance considered. That's really the only way that participants have the confidence to engage, to see and experience the same kind of product quality that they are used to in their brokerage accounts. So for me, just the next logical step in this process. Overall, I think there's a lot of fees to be made in facilitating these kind of services, and it's going to be a good thing for the consumer. Competition is good and security will improve. It is a little bit of a challenge to the idea of self sovereignty in terms of having your private keys. So we'll have to see how that plays out. But overall, I think it's a very positive development.
Speaker B: Essential. Let me ask you this. Does it mean for other crypto native players in the space we're talking here about the Coinbases and Coinbases and krakens of the world. What are your thoughts?
Speaker C: Well, I think, well, as always, competition is good. So to see a lot of large actors coordinate and create an entirely new exchange is a good thing in terms of competition. So the quality of services that we as users, participants, investors see and participate in, that should improve. Right. We should get more customer service, more financial advice. The whole spectrum of services should get better. Overall, though, I think that a lot of the expertise remains in the tradition, let's call it the traditional digital asset, Coinbases of the world. Those players really have a great deal of experience in the custody and the trading engines that facilitate digital assets, which is unique and distinct from equities, for example. So there's a lot to be learned by traditional financial institutions regarding those kinds of unique properties.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think that's spot on, Santiago. And I would just add it also runs in the opposite direction. When you see traditional financial brokerage houses who have a lot of experience in doing things like user interface, user experience, and making things really simple for investors because they've been doing it for literally decades in this space, I think that runs both ways. And hopefully, hopefully the ultimate winner here will be consumers.
Speaker C: Yeah. And I would not be surprised to see more partnerships, more mergers and acquisitions, et cetera. We saw our BlackRock's exposure to coinbase earlier this year. So this space is only going to continue to grow and the products and services will continue to improve. So very encouraging.
Speaker B: Yeah, BlackRock was actually at salt this year, and I chatted with those guys a little bit about what was happening on the digital asset side. So let's move on to our next story here because this is an interesting one as well. SAntiAgo, South Korea has issued an arrest warrant for Du Kwon, the founder of Terra. Prosecutors are seeking him and five other individuals on allegations that include, according to Bloomberg, violation of the nation's capital market laws. Prosecutors say all six individuals are currently in Singapore. Dukewon was a primary developer of the algorithmic stablecoin Terra USD and its sister token Luna. Bloomberg says their unraveling saw a combined $60 billion in market cap, excuse me, $60 million in market cap evaporate to nearly zero. Duquan has not responded to requests from Bloomberg or from Reuters. Finally, Santiago, I wanted to talk a little bit about salt. It's the final day of the salt conference right now here in New York City on the maid stage this morning, there will be Balaji Srinivasan. I don't know if Balaji, if we can see that footage, we might have a feed. Balaji is supposed to be speaking live about now. I know they were a little bit lagged earlier in the day. He's a 25 minutes time slot, which will certainly be interesting to everyone there on the floor. But don't get too much FOMO. Balaji just had an epic two and a half hour conversation with Raoul pal. You can watch it on the real Vision website. Just go to realvision.com crypto to sign up. And of course it's free, it looks like from the feed. Biology hasn't yet taken the stage yet, but we will keep checking in on that. Santiago, let me ask you this. Have you been to salt or any other of this salt conference or any other salt conference?
Speaker C: Unfortunately not. However, I watched it live on YouTube as it's streaming, and yesterday I got the opportunity to watch Raoul pal and Dan Moorhead from Pantera. Great conversation. Just a small tease. It's just interesting to note the contrast between the deep dives we do here on real vision and kind of the short segments of exposure that you might get at salt. So love to see, I love to see more and more conversations, more formalization of the space. So highly encourage people to watch it.
Speaker B: Well, they're serving a different audience, right? They've got hedge fund managers who are like, what the hell is this Ethereum stuff they're talking about? Right? So they're doing the intro there and we're doing the deep dive here. So it's a great fit. So one of the other big talking points at salt this year, not surprisingly, is the long anticipated merge in Ethereum. This is the transition of Ethereum's proof of work model to proof of stake. Of course, according to different download clocks, it looks like we're just hours away from it right now. If you're on the west coast in the US, it should be tonight. For folks in many other parts of the world, that will be tomorrow, which is Thursday here in New York, I think it's fair to say that the excitement is palpable. But there's also concern over how exactly this is going to play out. Obviously this is a massive, massive event in crypto. It's been compared in the past to changing the engine on a jet airplane. 50,000ft Sandiago before we take a look into your deep dive with Tim Baker give us your overall thoughts from where you sit about the merge.
Speaker C: You know, I think it's unprecedented and I think it's extremely exciting. It's a technological achievement. If they are successful, it will be an incredible achievement over many years of of planning and work by a decentralized group of developers around the world. So I think it's a fantastic testament to how decentralized networks can evolve and change and adapt. So I'm very excited to see it.
Speaker D: Whether you're into blowout backyard bashes or simple soirees al fresco, uni is here to fire up your summer entertaining plans with the brand new Kota two Max gas powered pizza oven. It sports a massive 24 inch cooking area and it's got two independently controlled temperature zones. That means you can roast a chicken on one side while baking a hot, crispy, cheesy New York style pizza on the other. You can even do 310 inch pizzas at once while monitoring temperatures via the Ooni app on your smartphone. Because the Koda two Max isn't just an oven, it's your summer party copilot. Make your summer an Ooni Koda two Max summer. Learn more@uni.com dot that's ooni.com dot.
Speaker B: Okay, with that said, let's jump right into your interview with Tim, who works on protocol support at the Ethereum foundation. And as someone who knows the intricacies of Ethereum and the merge inside and out, let's take a listen.
Speaker E: The original design for proof of stake was actually kind of bolted on to the existing proof of work network. The idea was like, we'll use proof of work and we'll start introducing proof of stake gradually and still kind of rely on proof of work as a backstop and eventually migrate the whole thing over. And this is kind of why people think proof of stake took forever on Ethereum, there was really these two designs. So this first one was kind of research from like 2014, and got ready to implement in around 2018, maybe a bit earlier. But there were a couple of issues with it. First, it was very coupled to how Ethereum worked under proof of work and wasn't making use of a bunch of advances in cryptography and networking that had happened since Ethereum's launch. And one of the implications there is the minimum stake at the time was 1500 ether, which wasn't worth as much as it is today. But you could imagine if we'd gone in that world today, this is a multi million dollar amount. That's not great. So around 2018, there was this decision made, like, what if we designed proof of stake from scratch as a whole new network without any of the assumptions. What could that look like? And would that be better? And eventually we could just combine that with the application layer, either by having to migrate over or migrating that over, but trying to not have any of the baggage, technical baggage, that Ethereum had. We did that in 2020, this launch, and it's what people refer to as the beacon chain on Ethereum. This beacon chain is basically Ethereum's proof of stake engine that was launched completely separately from the proof of work chain, so that if there was a problem with it, they wouldn't affect all the applications, because by 2019, 2020, there was already a ton of activity on Ethereum. So we didn't want to transition over to a new system until we were quite sure it was ready. Um, so the way it works is people can deposit ether into the beacon chain from the proof of work side, um, and then they become a validator. So this is like real ether at stake, and they, they do all of the operations to validate the proof of stake algorithm, except actually running the transactions. So, like, you know, if I send ether to you, this doesn't happen under proof of stake chain today, it still happens all on proof of work. But we wanted to make sure that everything else basically worked as intended. So we launched it site live for about half a year, grow to tens of billions of dollars in value secured. And at that point we started having confidence that, okay, this thing is working, there's billions there. We haven't found issues. We should move to use this instead of proof of work. And this is the idea behind the merge, is to transition from using proof of work to kind of manage where all the application and the user value lives to using proof of stake. And as you kind of mentioned just now, Ethereum is like this 24, 7365 days a year network. One thing we really wanted to optimize for was not having any downtime with this transition. Ethereum has never had downtime. Every time we have an upgrade, it's instant. So a big part of the design and engineering challenges was how do we transition from proof of work to proof of stake without any downtime at all? And this is what sometimes people say, it's almost like change the engine of an airplane mid flight, it can't crash, it has to keep running. So that was a big part of the design. And the other bit that's also quite important is when people deploy contracts to Ethereum applications, we want to give them a fairly high guarantee that their application is going to keep working as intended for quite a long time, and there's often some edge cases there with regards to pricing of operations. But generally we want this to be you deploy your application and it works. That's the other thing we wanted for the merge, is you don't want smart contracts to have to do anything. You don't want Uniswap or Opensea or anyone else to have to make a change for the merge. And this is what the current design gives us, where once the transition happens, basically we'll have the last block on proof of work. The whole transition happens in the background, and 12 seconds later, the first block is on proof of stake, and the network is kind of using that as its new consensus algorithm. And smart contracts and end users have had nothing to do in order to participate in this transition.
Speaker B: So, Santiago, this was a bit of history about proof of stake on Ethereum, Tim is telling the story about how proof of work was split out into the beacon chain, where proof of stake is taking place right now. Obviously, that's separate from the main proof of work chain for, for non techies. What's the significance of all of this?
Speaker C: Well, I think it's important to remember what Ethereum and blockchains are. They're essentially databases that are run on computers that are spread out all over the world. And you have to get them to agree on what the shared state of the ledger is at any given time. And the reason you have to do that is so that you can avoid events like a double spend, and you can make sure that transactions and smart contracts are processed as expected. So it's really about how do you coordinate a new change in how people arrive at consensus, a new methodology, without breaking the existing system. And then once you've demonstrated that this new process is effective at arriving at consensus and making sure those transactions are processed, that you introduce it in such a way that all of the prior historical transactions are retained, and that going forward, you don't break a system, and it's reliable and secure. So I think it's really about coordinating a large number of people and a large number of computers successfully.
Speaker B: Yeah, extremely well framed, Santiago. Now let's take a listen in to Tim, discuss his view of what benefits the proof of state network could bring versus proof of work. Tim made some interesting comments here. Let's take a listen.
Speaker C: The energy consumption of proof of work inherently rose exponentially. I guess the main issue with that consensus algorithm, or at least what many people would apply as a critique, is that, that ordering and that arriving at consensus doesn't necessarily have to be that energy intensive.
Speaker E: Yeah, and that's interesting. Obviously it is on both bitcoin and Ethereum today, kind of a huge amount of energy output that goes into this. From Ethereum's perspective, that's not even the main reason why we think proof of stake might be a better choice for us. The energy output is obviously good, but it's not sufficient for Ethereum to change things. For example, we had this idea of a whitelist earlier. Whitelist doesn't take any energy, Ethereum doesn't use that. The energy expenditure itself is not sufficient. By moving to proof of stake, we wanted to have something where we maintain all these properties around, anyone can participate and kind of keep this openness to the network. And ideally, because this is a big, complex upgrade, you'd want to not even just maintain the properties, but ideally you get something out of it as well. Because if we did, you could argue we could do all this work of moving from proof of work to proof of stake and be in the same state without the environmental impact. That's probably worth it, but I think we hope that it would go beyond that. And the current design does wherever in proof of work, like you said, you have these issuance of coins, like every new block gets a reward associated with it. And that's how you motivate people to act in the interest of the network. They know that the rewards are going to come from the network in the future, so they better kind of cooperate and act in a way that aligns with the network's interests. Otherwise they kind of forego those rewards or they might diminish the value of those future rewards. And you can think of this as like proof of work has like this carrots that you put towards miners and you help them bring them in the right direction, and there's pretty high opportunity costs for them to not follow it. The thing we get with proof of stake beyond that is we get the ability to also introduce kind of punishments for certain actions that are detectable in the protocol that are not under proof of work. And this is, I think, a really underrated kind of security part of it, where we move from having just a carrot, incentivizing people to do the right thing, but also having a sort of stick where in protocol there's some faults that we can see, but in proof of work, you can't really penalize the miners because you don't have a link to their resources if you do something wrong. The bitcoin protocol can't go to your mining farm and shut off your miners. Whereas in proof of stake, because we literally use stake tokens from within the protocol to secure the network, we can identify those. And it means that if there's things that we can prove objectively that are wrong, like, say, somebody just being offline when it's their turn to be online, or somebody contradicting themselves about what the right history is, then the protocol can punish those actions. And I think this is a really valuable security property because it kind of bounds the actions that these actors which determine the state of the chain, can do to a greater degree than we can do on proof of work.
Speaker B: So this last segment was about the advantages of proof of stake, specifically about security and energy consumption. Obviously, environmental impact is a major concern on many blockchains. ESG is a very hot topic, especially in Europe right now. Santiago, how do you think about security and energy consumption in a proof of stake environment, and how will you describe it to people who aren't following this as closely as you are?
Speaker C: Well, you know, I think that, first of all, on the energy consumption side, there's no doubt that proof of work has an exponentially rising amount of load that it's taking from world energy. And I think that's particularly pertinent now in the crisis that we're in. You know, that has to play into how people view what type of network they might build on, particularly if there are constraints around their ESG and what kind of investments they can make. But in this case, I was surprised to hear that the primary motivation for the transition wasn't really to lower the energy consumption. That just happened to be a great after effect. The primary motivation was to change the incentive structures and to lower the amount of essentially ETH required to secure the network to create those incentives, good and bad. So overall, I think it's a very clever use of democratic processes as well as there's a probabilistic processes. There's a lot of randomness that we're relying on here to ensure that transactions are processed and consensus arrived. So it's very clever, and it's an acknowledgement that things have changed in the space since bitcoin was first created, and it's those changes that these developers are taking advantage of now.
Speaker B: Yeah, fantastic description as always, Santiago. By the way, I was surprised as well by that comment. I thought it was really intriguing in terms of the benefits that they see in security, and it sort of foregrounds how important the bitcoin, excuse me, the Ethereum core developers think security is in their model. I should say, in this next clip, Tim goes into more detail about this and about those penalties on the security side. Let's take a listen.
Speaker E: So there's two types of penalties we have on Ethereum, and proof of stake is one we have slashing, one we have, we call the inactivity penalty. So there are two different, like, there's basically two bad things you can do. One is being offline. So say you're a validator. We need you for two reasons. One, we need you to propose blocks when it's your turn. And two, we need you to vote or attest to other people's blocks. So if you're offline, you kind of harm the network in that we don't get your blocks or your votes. So we have an inactivity penalty, and that's kind of one of the ones that can be applied. And what's interesting there is Ethereum is designed to operate with part of the network being offline. It's this globally distributed network. You can't assume that everybody has like 100% uptime with perfect connections. So this inactivity penalty actually scales based on how many other people are offline at the same time as you. So if I'm the only one offline, like I'm in Vancouver, if I run a validator in my house and I lose my Internet for a day, and nobody else is offline at the same time, I get a very minimal penalty because the network doesn't really care about that. But let's say you're like a large staking provider, you own 10% of the network or something like that, and you go offline, you get a much higher penalty, which actually scales kind of exponentially, because it's much worse for the network to have 10% of the stake be offline than one single validator. So that's the first level of penalties. And this is really nice because we can tweak towards having a more distributed set of validators, or at least validators, decorrelated failure modes. And then what you mentioned slashing, so slashing is a more severe penalty. And this is something we only apply in the case where you contradict yourself about what you think the history of the chain is. So basically you say at this point in time, block a and block b are both the valid block, and that's impossible. And in practice, the way we see this happening is if people run like fancy backups for their validators, like, you know, oh, if my validator is offline, I'm going to back up and like, have this other one come online and then for some reason, the backup comes online, even though the other one was actually online, and then they contradict themselves. So if you're running a validator, it's usually much better to be offline for a short period of time and fix it than to try and have this fancy setup where you can actually cause a worse penalty for yourself because you're contradicting yourself. And so what we do, we do two things if you get slashed, and first is we take away a larger penalty because this is a bigger fault. This also scales with the amount of other people who are getting slashed at the same time. But second, we also eject you from the validator set, so we deem you to not be like, a worthy validator participant anymore. So basically, you get a penalty, and then you get put in a queue to exit the rest of your capital. So these are the two penalties we introduce.
Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. So this gets into the weeds in terms of the tech stuff. Tim is talking here about penalties, specifically about inactivity, and about slashing. What's all this stuff mean, particularly for people who don't have tech backgrounds?
Speaker C: Well, as I said earlier, these are a number of computers called validators that are operating around the world to make sure that the state of the ledger is reliable and correct. And so what these incentives do is ensure that a, that those validators are up and running, that their uptime and availability is there, so that the network can continue to make forward progress. So that it's a very important characteristic. And of course, it weights it in proportion to how many other validators are up and running. So that's the first main thing. The second piece is whether or not they submit a valid transaction. This is essentially a kind of a committee rule where you get randomly selected to process some transactions to be amended into a block and then added to the chain. And as part of that process, you have to submit it to other validators to check it and verify that it is indeed correct. So that process, if you're caught essentially trying to cheat or you submit invalid transactions, you're penalized. So for the average person, why that matters is when you go to select where you're going to stake your eth, you need to ensure that that counterparty, that validator, has experience running this equipment, has high reliability, has a brand, and is a trustworthy actor, because their behavior will dictate whether or not you will get economically slashed and whether or not you will receive rewards. So all those are factors that you should consider before staking.
Speaker B: Yeah, really interesting analysis there, Santiago. And also it alludes to the point that you made earlier, which is about how randomness is used in the system as a security feature.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's right. In terms of proof of work, it was always really a competition to see who could solve a cryptographic problem fastest and prove a certain amount of work. In this case, it's really about being an available candidate. And then once you're an available candidate, you just get randomly selected either to process a transaction and prove it to others, or to attest that that transaction is in fact correct. And so that randomness is what makes it so that anyone essentially can run a validator or anyone can stake and participate. So in a sense, it's a little more egalitarian than simply something like bitcoin, where maybe the largest mining farms or mining pools are the ones who get the vast majority of the block award. So it's an interesting dynamic.
Speaker B: It's also devilishly complex from a security standpoint in terms of the advantages that it gives for non spoofing. If you know that a transaction is going to be validated against a randomly selected node in the network, it's very difficult to coordinate a manipulation of that network for that reason.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's exactly right. And the other interesting piece is that the amount of ETH that's staked, the value of that eth, can be significantly lower than the total value secured on the network. And that's important because subsequent to that, the rewards that are given to the validators and to anyone attesting to that can be a lot lower. And so the overall issuance of ETH into existence will be radically lower than what it is today. And so from a monetary perspective, that means for investors, just a lower supply of ETH, all of the things being equal, also lower amount of the digital asset being sold into the market to pay for capex and opex, which is something that other proof of work chains have to worry about. Miners have to pay their expenses and their I typically fiat denominated. So this takes a lot of that cell pressure off the table, and it changes the issuance.
Speaker B: Santiago, you set up the next clip perfectly about the new carrot and stick system that proof of stake will introduce into Ethereum. Let's take a listen.
Speaker E: And the thing that's worth noting is with proof of stake, we can lower the block rewards massively. And the reason for that is because we also are able to penalize. Right. It's almost like with proof of work, you need to have super high block rewards, because the incentive to do the right thing needs to be quite high because there's no disincentive to do the wrong thing, but with proof of stake, because we can basically disincentivize the wrong things as well, we don't need to have as high of an incentive to do the right thing. So on Ethereum's case in terms of just like network issuance, it's about like a 90% cut. And I haven't checked the numbers today, but like last I did a week or two ago. On proof of work we issue, you know, call it like ten to 15,000 eth per day in block rewards. And proof of stake is on the order of 1000 to 1500. So this is like an other kind of neat property where you can think of proof of stake as being like cheaper to secure the same amount of value in capital because we have both a carrot and a stick rather than just a carrot as in proof of work. Once we transition to proof of stake, this twelve and a half thousand proof of work issuance per day just stops happening. We don't need it anymore, and we're already issuing the proof of stake issuance that's worth knowing because of proof of stake chain is already live and we have validators doing all this stuff on it. We've been issuing the proof of stake rewards for basically two years now. We control the amount that's issued on the beacon chain based on how many validators are in. So there's like a sweet spot of validators that we want to target, which is roughly the range we're in right now of. Call it about half a million validators at 32 million each. And what we do is if there's less than that, then you just raise the rewards, you make it more profitable for people to come. And if there's more, then you start lowering and tapering off the rewards. And then people can make a choice, they can move their capital elsewhere if they think that the rewards to be in a validator are not high enough. So this is why we don't have a fixed daily reward or supply like bitcoin does, because instead we try to target what's the right amount of economic security that we need for the chain, like what percentage of it should be validating. And then if we're not there, then we should raise up the incentives such that people come and validate. And if we're already there, there's actually some bandwidth and storage overhead that we start paying that all nodes on the network stop paying. So we'd want to remove the incentive to be like an incremental validator at that point.
Speaker B: This is fascinating to me. Santiago. Rewards and penalties. If I understand Tim correctly, he's talking about the economic incentives versus disincentives in the proof of stake network. Specifically, he's saying that proof of stake only has the ability to award incentives, meaning payment as block awards and I suppose, transaction fees, while proof of stake has the ability to penalize bad actors, which means the incentives can be lower because you also have the carrot as well as the stick. So some pretty heady stuff here in terms of the technical complexity, but also the economics or tokenomics. What are your takeaways for all of this? Santiago, for people who are frankly just baffled by this conversation, well, it's where.
Speaker C: Game theory collides with central banking. What digital assets and these distributed networks have shown us is that you can create all manner of structures and incentives to affect behavior. The bitcoin monetary policy is essentially baked in the cake, and it hasn't changed. And it's one of its redeeming values that it's well known and reliable, whereas here I think they're taking the approach of a more active, community driven central banking and deciding that ultimately these negative and positive incentives will be used to secure the network and then ultimately have essentially a yield curve, a total amount of issuance from the validators and block rewards. So all of it's very interesting. It shows essentially the evolution in thinking around how decentralized networks can operate and how human beings can be incentivized to support it.
Speaker B: So here's what I think our viewers can take away from your conversation with Tim baco. Tim says proof of stake originally had just been bolted onto the existing proof of work network, but that it didn't take advantage of all the possibilities. So as long, so the long awaited design and test of proof of stake for Ethereum from the scratch can finally begin. A big challenge was the fact that Ethereum never stops. It's a 24 by 7365 day network, as everyone knows. Baker says that while the energy consumption of proof of work is huge, he argues that the lower proof of stake was nothing. The lower cost, excuse me, of proof of stake was not the primary motivator behind the upgrade. He says that proof of stake introduces additional security measures in the form of protocol penalties. So if there's any issue, the protocol can step in and just fix it. He goes on to describe the penalties called inactivity and slashing penalties. Tim argues that this is one of the biggest differences between proof of work and proof of stake. Pow has only incentives that's carrots. But Pow also has penalties. Excuse me, proof of stake also has penalties. That's the sticks. He thinks that this will be a big benefit to the wider network. With all that said, looks like we've got lots of viewer questions coming into us. I think we've got record viewership today on YouTube. What do you say? Santiago should jump in and answer some of these?
Speaker C: Yeah, sounds great.
Speaker B: Here's a question from Nibbler from YouTube. How much money do we think is on the sidelines waiting to buy eth when the merge looks successful? This is a question that at least one or two people asked me yesterday at salt.
Speaker C: Well, you know, some people call this merge as a buy the rumor, sell the news event. And I think from a technical perspective, given the record the beacon chain has had, it's fairly likely to go off without a hitch. So there shouldn't be many problems. But of course, there's always uncertainty. And so I suspect that there's a number of investors waiting on the sidelines to see how this all plays out. And then we'll probably see maybe some correction just before, and then thereafter a resumption of buying as the network kind of proves itself out in the new regime. Overall, I think that the transition to proof of stake from a monetary policy standpoint means a lot less eth on the table for sell pressure. So that overall should be a good thing.
Speaker B: Well, you're a braver man than I am. I wouldn't touch this one with a barge poll when people ask me, because it's really unclear, I think it's fair to say, to understand what exactly is happening. Is it a the rumor sell the news event? Is it an event where people are just waiting to see if it's safe and then going to come in and buy? Like it could go either way? I think this is just, you know, too unprecedented to try and make predictions based on any type of past precedent because there isn't many.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's right. And, you know, that's either opportunity, if you understand, and hopefully real vision here has provided you with more information where you can make that kind of judgment for yourself. So it's either opportunity or risk. And so you have to decide how much exposure you want to take, and we'll let the market decide. So this time tomorrow, we'll see how things went. You know, we're about 14 hours from the merge, and then at this point, we should see for the average at home investor, they don't need to do anything. They don't need to move their funds. They don't need to change any smart contracts or wallets. It's just essentially a passive role to wait and see.
Speaker B: Here's a great question from JJ ammo, also from YouTube. What are the expected positive effects for decentralized apps? End users, eg, lower gas fees? By the way, Santiago, for people who are not familiar with dapps, give us a little bit of a brief intro as you set up this question.
Speaker C: Well, the core of Ethereum is something called the Ethereum virtual machine, which runs on all of these decentralized nodes. And that virtual machine allows you to process smart contracts, very simple applications. It's a turn complete system. So that means that you can run an application like, say, a uniswap or an opensea for nfts. So those decentralized apps, as they're called, allow for the network which is decentralized to issue different kinds of assets into existence, fungible, non fungible tokens. It does not, however, lower the gas fees, the block reward, and the block size is essentially, well, excuse me, the block size is essentially unchanged. So the competition for which transactions get added to a given block remains. And that means that in periods of high network utilization, you can still anticipate a rapid acceleration in the fees to get your transaction process. So right now, Ethereum development roadmap is going to have future scalability implementations, and much of that traffic will go to layer twos. But Ethereum is essentially striving to be a settlement network where whatever transactions occur at high throughput on layer two will get settled on a highly secure layer one. And that's its primary value proposition.
Speaker B: Yeah, extremely well framed there. Santiago. Here's the next question from Alan Long. I believe this is from YouTube. And the question is, it is said that BTC and ETH will decouple due to their adoption model. I think they're talking about decoupling from traditional market pricing from us equities, but will BTC be coupled to global liquidity, since it's basically a monetary asset? I think the question here is, will there be decoupling from the tradfi markets, specifically us equities on the one hand? And also, I think Alan is asking if there's going to be a decoupling between bitcoin and ethereum in terms of the directionality and magnitude of price movements due to bitcoin being a more monetary asset, in Alan's view.
Speaker C: Raoul? Well, I think there's narrative, and then there's what the market says. And as far as I'm concerned, I view bitcoin and other digital assets more as a debasement hedgehead, where central banks are maybe injecting liquidity or relaxing financial conditions, it can lead to an increase in relative values for those digital assets. What we're seeing now is that as financial conditions tighten, the value of those assets continue to lower. So in the short term, and despite inflation rising and peaking, so in the short term, I see these assets still more of a risk on assets, and they'll continue to essentially underperform for a little while longer as the Fed continues to tighten in the longer term. They could be a great hedge, depending on your jurisdiction against hyper inflationary type forces. Now, with respect to how they perform relative to one another, I expect outperformance on Ethereum simply because the network models show that the amount of activity, the amount of wallets, the amount of smart contracts and applications that are, are running on a particular network is a forward indicator for the relative price. So I do see ethereum outperforming bitcoin, at least in the short term, and maybe even in the long term. Whether or not that ever means a flippening where Ethereum becomes the number one by market cap remains to be seen. But for now, I do see outperformance.
Speaker B: Yeah, ill jump in on this one, too, Alan. I think the only thing that you can say for certain about decoupling is that it hasnt happened yet. But it's all theoretical at this point. Obviously, there's been a lot of sort of support in the bitcoin community, especially as you point to, for this notion of an off the grid asset, for an asset that's a store of value that's decoupled from central banks. But we simply haven't seen that happen. What we've seen is, as you sort of suggest, and the question is that global liquidity, when it comes into the system, it raises all boats. And when it goes out of the system, all the boats sort of simultaneously fall. So in terms of that decoupling, it's, I think, fair to say that it's just theoretical at this point. It may or may not happen. It may take months, it may take years, it may take decades, or it may never come. We're just going to have to see. But we'll be watching it here on this show. Here's a question that comes to us from Will Anderson from YouTube. Does the transaction per second metric increase after the merge? Santiago.
Speaker C: So there is a slight improvement in the time in between blocks, but it's only by a few seconds. So overall, transactions per second won't meaningfully rise and the block space also won't meaningfully rise. So, as we said earlier, the network is designed essentially to be more a secure settlement layer with a high degree of security and the ability to fine tune these monetary policies. But the layer twos are where most of the transaction processing is going to occur and where most of the reduction in the fees are expected. So for now, I don't anticipate much of an increase in TPS.
Speaker B: Here's one from SeB from the real vision site. How do you guys estimate the probability of a successful merge at this point? Santiago?
Speaker C: I would put it over 90%, to be honest. The beacon chain has been running for quite some time, and the main risk in these networks is that you get some kind of attack, and there's been a substantial amount of value that has been secured by beacon for over a year now. So if that's not enough of an incentive for an attacker, I don't know what is. So I think that the probability is high, and it should be fairly transparent to anyone. We did have a hard fork just about a week ago, Bellatrix hard fork. That was really an equally risky kind of departure, and that went off without a hitch. So if that's any indication of how this should go, I'm fairly confident.
Speaker B: Yeah, I agree with everything that Santiago just said. I would only add to that, that the challenge here is that we're talking about the domain of very low probability, very high impact events. I feel like I should be giving the Jeff Goldblum speech from Jurassic park. Life finds a way, attackers find a way. This is a moment of maximal vulnerability. Right now, I think most people in the space agree, although there is a sense that this has been, as Santiago detailed there, extremely well tested. But there is always that sort of edge case risk that someone is going to take advantage of this. And you mentioned, Santiago mentioned that this idea that beacon chain has already been securing tens of billions of dollars in value, maybe the honey pot just gets that much bigger and someone who's found an exploit might take the moment of the merge to execute it. But obviously we don't know. And that's what makes this interesting. Here's a question that comes to us from scub factory, from YouTube, and the question is, how is staking reward determined?
Speaker C: So the staking reward is a combination of the block reward as well as the transaction fees. So, you know, the validators get rewarded based on their uptime, based on their how. Other attesters have, have viewed the transaction as correct or incorrect. So and the amount of economic activity that's going on in the network at any given time. So it's the combination of both the block award and the fees that determine the overall reward to the validators. From there, it's then apportioned based on the amount of stake that you as a participant. If you're an external person who's going to stake against a validator, it's apportioned based on your relative contribution. It almost inverts the idea of a proof of work mining pool where everyone who contributes has shares in the rewards. It essentially does that, but more of an egalitarian perspective where anyone staking against a validator can share in that block and in those transaction fees.
Speaker B: Final question from Sergio Marin. This comes to us from YouTube, and the question is, hello Santiago, what's the worst case scenario in the case of the emerge event isn't successful a man after my own heart there?
Speaker C: Well, you know, there's been talk about a fork in the network. We've seen prior forks in the Ethereum network. We have Ethereum classic, we now have the current Ethereum canonical chain. We could see a fork into proof of work. The real gatekeepers, I think, of that process is the exchanges and whether or not they'll support the issuance of those alternative chains and digital assets on those exchanges, because those exchanges are where the fiat gateways reside. So if there is a problem with the proof of stake methodology or an exploit, there's a probability that a lot of people migrate very rapidly to either another proof of work ethereum classic, or to ETH proof of work itself. So we'll see if that happens. So far, there's not much agreement about supporting ETH proof proof of work, and it's unlikely that exchanges at this point will support it. But if there's a large error in the network or something, there's a bug, an inflation bug, or something like that, then you could see a very quick migration. One of the things we didn't discuss today was this huge amount of hardware compute infrastructure that's out there by miners, which is essentially rendered useless at this point. And that could affect other markets. I'd be short selling Nvidia if you really understood how many fewer gpu's are be purchased. So this has implications for a lot of other markets, not just crypto.
Speaker B: Yeah, important point about all of that hash power going basically unneeded after this, and it's sort of a big unknown question. I think in the merge I'll give Sergio a simple answer. What's the worst case scenario, one word, chaos. Obviously, that is sort of, as I was saying earlier, I think a low probability, high impact event. But the worst case scenario, I think it's pretty damn bad.
Speaker C: Yeah. There's billions of dollars of economic value secured by this network, and to have to unwind that, that would be a very difficult proposition. It would leave a black eye on the digital asset markets. But Ethereum is not the only asset out there, and there's a lot of other digital assets that will continue to operate reliably, and there are exchanges that will facilitate the transfer. So it's something where if you need to, you can take your value and express it in another network. Yeah.
Speaker B: By the way, I should just say great questions today and a great mix. People obviously, who are relatively new to the space, but also people watching us today who are very sophisticated, who have very sophisticated questions to ask. And we're going to continue to take more questions on this. In fact, we'll be taking more questions on the merge tomorrow. That's going to be a major part of our show. Santiago, what else can I say, man? You are a rock star. This is fantastic conversation to have you on. Not only do you understand this, but you possess the even rarer talented of being able to explain it to people who don't have tech backgrounds. Really appreciate you being with us today.
Speaker C: I appreciate you having me, Ash. A real pleasure. This is very exciting. I'm so glad I got a chance to be a part of it and help educate some of the viewers. Thanks.
Speaker B: Well, I hope you can come back again soon because this really was a terrific conversation.
Speaker C: Absolutely. Thank you, Ash.
Speaker B: So that's it for today's show. Thank you for watching. Thank you for listening. As always, don't forget to subscribe to our YouTube channel and smash that like button. Remember, this is your show. We want to hear from you on what's working and what's not. So drop a comment below and let us know your feedback. What do you guys want to see? What themes would you like us to cover? We appreciate you sharing your time with us today, and we appreciate you sharing your time with us in the comments. Tomorrow, we'll be waking up hopefully, hopefully in a post merge world. Expect lots of analysis here. Plus, we'll bring you a special panel of experts led by Perry Ann boring on regulatory issues. See you tomorrow live on real vision crypto daily briefing. Thanks for watching.
