Speaker A: So welcome to Web three Wednesdays, everyone. So this is going to be a recurring weekly spaces with, with the rv community and just, you know, the Twitter community in general and everyone in Web three, we, we want to have this space so we can, you know, engage with, with our community. We can hear, you know, everyone's ideas on Web three, share some, some alpha and some education that, you know, we find along the way. And, you know, I think for, for our first web three Wednesday, I think it would be a good opportunity to talk to you all about the real vision NFT because we do have our own NFT and it is evolving and, you know, we are using the community to help shape the utility and just the future path of what this, our real vision NFT will be. So I think with that being said, I'm going to, to allow our wonderful and beloved real vision bot to kind of explain a little bit about the idea behind the real vision NFT, what it is, and a little bit about where it's heading.
Speaker B: Hey, yeah, thanks for giving me the mic. Hi, everyone. Probably you already know that I'm not a bot, but I'm Moritz. I'm leading the web three team at real vision. And yeah, Bijan, who is a gold member, is actually community manager in our web three team. So you've got some real people here behind the PFPs. It's not only fancy pictures. And I think that's also what the NFT at revision is all about. Right? We started out building that NFT, actually, when we announced it with the real Vision pro crypto subscription. The goal was always to build this NFT with the community. And that's what we did actually over the couple of the last month. So basically, starting out of early in the year, we started minting the NFT in May. We had some iterations on the designs. We listened to the community who wanted to have a little bit more of a 3d version of the designs. And that's something we enabled last week to update, basically the images on the NFT. Everyone should now see a really, really nice animation. There are ten different ones. There are ten different settings of these animations. And I won't reveal too much, but there is a plan to actually use those different settings and basically these different groups that everyone who owns an NFT is now in. That will be something along the line which will be revealed, but at the moment it's not too important. I guess for us, the idea about the NFT was always community driven. It was always about sharing our wisdom, sharing education, getting together with the members of real vision. Because as we found out, community is one thing that sets us apart. The approach we took is a little bit uncommon, I guess, building it with the community. But we have now reached a point where we are actually revealing the first clearly defined utility also to the community. And I think you can see that in the engagement last week and also the price increase that happened. So the NFT we launched in May is an NFT collection of 6000 pieces. 2600 of those are already minted. The mint is still open. So if you have a subscription, you're an early adopter, you can still mint this NFT. And we will be putting out a video next week where I will be minting an NFT live with Ash Bennigton. So if ash can do it, I guess everyone can do it. So don't feel insecure in anything. It's really easy. We will also talk about wallet security in that video next week to give you a little bit of an idea how to store your NFT. And I think that's very important. Overall, 6000 nfts, 600 of them are for the treasury, which we share 50 50 with the revision pro crypto NFT community actually. And there are still some of the nfts 2800 that can be minted. So as you can see, our audience is not a typical community of crypto degens. We didn't mint out in the first 2nd. It's basically a healthy mix of people who basically got the NFT for free. I mean everyone got it for free actually, but not all of them. I would say the typical crypto crowd. That makes it a little bit difficult but also extremely interesting for us to build with that community because as you can see, it's about long term utility that we want to drive. We did some simple utility pieces, the classical things, you know, from other NFT communities. We partnered up with different NFT projects. Those include mostly projects from the alcoholic drink space. So that's a coincidence. We didn't go that route because Raul loves rum or we love beer or whatever. But actually it just happened. We partnered up with Club Devon, we partnered up with dictator Ram and also with Metabroot Society, which are very interesting projects. We enabled our NFT holders to mint these projects with some very special conditions. So that was the first utility. There's a more direct utility which you promised actually NFT holders and that is getting a discount on your real vision pro crypto subscription. The details of this discount will be released in a video end of this week. So there's more to come and we will also release that publicly next week, I guess so, still figuring out some things, but in general, that will definitely be announced soon. And the other utility that has been revealed last week was the pro cryptobot portfolio. So you might wonder, what is that? And if you have been following the real vision bot, you already know that the bot has been running some portfolios over time. So basically asking members of the community for their opinion about financial markets, macro and crypto. And there have been always questions about how can this be made tradable? Can we track a lot track along these portfolios? Will there be a product, et cetera, et cetera? So it's kind of now the moment where we are launching the first steps into that direction. We have rolled out a voting page for pro crypto NFT holders where they can give us their direction of an optimal portfolio for the next week. We basically ask them every week, and there will be an index tracking that portfolio. So, thinking of indices kind of like the S and P, this will be our very own community driven hive mind portfolio index, which is driven by the pro crypto community. And I think one of the things that is important in that regard is that we won't stop with this pro crypto portfolio, but we will also build this out. So the idea is to develop a tag along trading system around that, so people will be actually able to follow that index to mimic the trades that are happening in that index. And we want to go even further. One step, we call it internally real vision got Talent. Sometimes it's also called portfolio leaks. But I find real vision got talent much more appealing, actually. We want to build out of investment leagues where we want to find the best traders, where we want to discover talented traders who are able to generate great returns. And we will run a league on chain in which you can participate. And if you make the top rank or are amongst the best, then you'll be invited to be a real vision God talent member. Basically, we are thinking of maybe a show, maybe something which Raul can host, where you can talk about your trading, what drove you, your returns. And yeah, along those lines, we will also help you getting either the audience that you need, or even sponsorship. We will become your ambassador. We help you with our network. We want to kind of really drive the hive mind spirit for each individual person that turns out to be a great trader. And I think this is something which is a topic the whole community can alone can align on, whether it's basically investors or if you are a trader, both of it, it's a great place to be because we are connecting basically both interests of the different parts of the community. And now I've talked enough, I think, like Bijan, I suppose there are many questions also from your side because usually I talk about that sometimes within the team, but sometimes I don't reveal everything. So I think until now I haven't told you that. It's called real vision got talented.
Speaker A: I appreciate that explanation for anyone that wants to check it out or just find out some more information. We have a tweet pinned at the top of this space, so you can check it out on Raoul's Twitter, you can go to the website or you can read about it on Opensea as well. A couple of points that Moritz touched on that I really love about this NFT is it speaks to the whole democratizing information that really is all about. And then you don't see in the NFT space, you know, a lot of, a lot of things are secretive and, you know, out of nowhere they just start pumping. So one thing that this project or, you know, this community is really focused on education. You know, we're so new in this space. This space is so new in general. There are so many things to learn. And I think if you just know about what goes on on the real vision platform, from, you know, the macro economics of things to our daily briefings and all of that, you're learning about the market as a whole, and that's going to help you learn about web three as a whole as well. And then another thing we appreciate about this project is that the community does have a say and they do develop essentially what our utility is. Most projects that come out, they already have that roadmap set up and the utility is already kind of etched in stone, if you will. So you buy into it if you agree with it or not. But here you have a say in, in that direction. And that's something that, that I really love. We always hear that community is a utility. And I think you're, you're going to see that with this project as well. Um, now, if anyone has any questions about, you know, our utility, about the portfolio bot, you know, about real visions got talented, you know, please raise your hand, come up on stage. We'd love to, love to hear from you, have a chat and, you know, hear your ideas.
Speaker B: If no one comes on stage, I just keep talking. So no worries. Looks like it. You want to hear more from me, so I take that opportunity.
Speaker A: I think we would, we would love to hear more.
Speaker B: Yeah. By the way, we planned this as a more of a loose format at the beginning. So I think we didn't give you the full overview on what this web three Wednesday will actually become. So we were thinking about not only giving you an update on what's happening in the community, but also giving some of the projects we are working with some interesting initiatives, the opportunity to talk to us and to the community. So far, some of those discussions have happened on discord, but we really want to take this basically out of discord into a broader community so everyone can participate and we really get some interesting feedback and questions. All right, we got one speaker.
Speaker C: Hi, good evening. Good evening, yes, please. Thank you for the pleasure. Thank you for the opportunity given to me to share my view. Actually, web three is here to stay. It's a new platform which we are still learning. And whilst learning, we proceed, spreading the gospel of web three for everybody to get involved, for everybody to get in touch as Africans. I'm from Africa, precisely Ghana, and we have our web three Africa, precisely Ghana, where we usually discuss things of things that will help spread web three and was sort of. I want to find out what are some of the things or some of the assistance you could help Africans to help spread web three globally as far as Africa is concerned. Thank you.
Speaker B: All right, that's a very nice question. Thank you for coming on stage and asking that. It's not directly connected to revision. Right. But what we're doing in general is, of course, not focused on one region in particular. We are as a brand and also as a platform, of course, globally active. So what we do mostly in that space in web three is financial education, I would say, and also crypto education. So that is something that concerns, of course, every region. There is no specific focus at the moment that we have some investment topics, of course, linked to different parts of the world. I would also say that Africa is always an overlooked part in that regard due to some difficulties regarding investment and listed instruments in general. I'm not sure how many projects there are from the continent that are big in the web three space. I don't know, Bijan, maybe you know more about that as compared to me.
Speaker A: Yeah, I haven't. You know, there's a lot of. There's will or kind of the trend that you see. You've seen a lot of projects coming out of Asia in the past. There's been a very popular anime trend as that's, you know, the Degens have been following more recently. We've seen creators, founder, artists coming out of India. And that's, I think, a little future trend. So I think there's opportunity for especially independent artists or groups of people that can find a utility that actually helps people, and not just in web three, but in web two as well. Because while we know that Web three is the future there, there are still many things in web two that. That need to be addressed and that using web three and digital ownership can help with. So I think finding that type of utility can go a long way and help anywhere. And ultimately, one of the best ways to get involved in the space and learn more or produce in the space is to just jump into it and get involved. Get on Twitter spaces and listen, have conversations with people, ask questions. I think that's going to go a long way in helping build yourself up and building your community up and giving, are giving them a voice in this space.
Speaker C: That's okay. Actually, we have been organizing spaces on Twitter as far as our party is concerned, web free Africa. From Monday to Saturday, we organize pieces on Twitter where we discuss web three, web two. Even at times we discuss web one, whereby we seem. See that. We seem to believe that this is one of the importance to be this case and educate people who are newbies into the system. So thank you. Thank you.
Speaker B: I see we got Elaine on here as well. Elaine, I didn't mention your new nickname yet.
Speaker D: Oh, yes, your Royal Highness. Bhp. That's my new name. Mm hmm. Go on. You can tell everyone what you've been calling me all week.
Speaker B: I want you to tell the story. Maybe not everyone saw it on Twitter. That's something. The crypto journey. Now you get insights into the crypto journey of someone from revision.
Speaker D: Oh, my God. Well, let me check out this community right now. If I can see some hearts, some waves, some love, then I'll tell this awful story that's been trolling me like a maniac this week. Lovely, lovely. We see Ash Bennington. My goodness. Penny Varlo. Oh. Oh. A lot of Athen wise, just giving a shout out to you guys. Look, here's what happened to me. So I woke up. No, sorry. I don't even know where to start the story. Okay, so I was given the ability to mint the rv nf real vision NFt. Right? And if you have the ability to. To mint this NFT, and you've been with our community from what, January, I think you will realize that that NfT is worth at the moment. What's the floor price, robot? It's like two.
Speaker B: 1.99, I guess. Yeah.
Speaker D: God damn it.
Speaker B: Don't sell.
Speaker D: Yeah. Someone's paper handing out 1.99 swipe that one, whoever's ready. Not financial advice, but okay. So anyway, it took us a while to get here, right? I'm a DJ, and I flip. I like to move quick, okay? So when I was given this in January, I was like, sad. This. I'm gonna make it eat real quick, real hard. And that's exactly what I did. Got rid of it, never looked it again. Because you guys are building the whole web three strategy of our team, right? Of course. I'm always at the front, making all the noise for real vision, and I was like, how do we need this nFt. It's gonna take a while for it to get back up. Do you know what I mean? The bear market has come in, dipped 0.6. So I was like, you know what? I'm gonna sell it. And I made it ease, okay? Next thing you know, I'm like, all these. In these Zoom meetings, and you drop a link and say, boom. Everyone, here's a web three portfolio that you can look at all your investments and what you're doing, and we're actually taking web three by the horns. And I was like, goddess, damn it. Look, I didn't know. I knew we were building, but I didn't know we were advancing that quick, okay? So I had to buy back in. And what's funny was, like, Rao, for some reason, you know, when Rao tweets out something like, good God, the world just pays attention, right? And the worst thing that could happen to me whilst I'm quietly waiting to get back in the bull of the space twin tweets, the link to our RV. NFT. And boom. I was doomed. So then I. Somebody celebrated in the company checker. Hey, guys, we're doing really well. We're seeing some momentum, which is almost unheard of in this bull market, right? It's really rough in the space of nfts, but, you know, surprising. Our NFT is doing okay. It's doing okay. Next thing you know, Raoul Powell decides to troll the chat in our slack and go, guys, really happy about this. Really happy. I'm gonna send a whole, like, you know, pumpy email out to you. And I was like, great, great. And I'm just sitting there silently suffering by myself that I don't actually own a real vision. Nft. So I sold it, but I worked very hard to get back in, and now none of you will let me live a day in peace now. So. Thanks, guys. Thanks.
Speaker A: The trials of a true degen right there, guys. You witness. You heard it firsthand. That's that's how it goes. You know, we. We buy stuff, we sell it too early, and then we watch it pump after we sell it. Or we, uh, we just sit on the sidelines and just nod our head like, yep, we knew that was gonna happen.
Speaker D: I was hurt. I was hurt, BJ. And you know what the thing is, I try. I bid for. I made a bid for Raoul's one, hoping he wouldn't know it's me. So I. But I had to complain about it. I was like, this man doesn't need e, does he? But you know what? Money is money. So I put Rel. The markets are bad right now. Don't make me say it because I'm a djen. Do you know what I mean? I'm all for crypto. Cash is king. You've got to understand that. So I'm offering you 0.76. I'm offering you a $1,000 with just one click. My man replies, Elaine, saw your offer, took a sip of my wine, and laughed in your face. And I was like, cuckoo. Coo coo, coo, coo. People just looking for a fight. Cuckoo.
Speaker A: So if you guys needed to know and if you needed some confirmation, uh, Rao, that the head of real vision is a diamond hand. So that is. I think that's a great sign for. For the future.
Speaker B: He keeps stacking. He bought more. I know that. Same for me, by the way. I bought some more. I will keep buying.
Speaker D: So bullish. Look at me. I'm not even sweet. I'm not even sweeping the floor. I just have to cry and pick up some crust. Whatever's left behind. Jesus Christ.
Speaker B: Just this morning, Elaine wanted to sell again. That's. That's. That's reality for me. Once the NFT increases by another $500, Elaine wants to flip it again and then do the same thing, buy it back at the lowest. So she's converted to day trading real vision pro crypto nfts. Now, I'm hoping no one else does it, so just. Just keep it. Just trust in us. We are going to deliver some amazing features here. And I see we also got Ash on the stage. He wants. Probably wants to defend himself against the criticism that I brought in earlier regarding minting pro crypto nfts. Easy for you if even Ash can do it.
Speaker E: No, I just wanted to jump in and say hello.
Speaker B: Oh, that's nice of you, Ash.
Speaker D: You want to fight ash, too? I'm ready.
Speaker E: I don't want to fight anyone ever. That's one of the challenges in Twitter 2022. It's a fight oriented space.
Speaker D: No, look, and I can't wait for, honestly, what's gonna happen in 2023. I mean, the minute I got back in, I spoke to the bar and I was like, that was. That was rough. I didn't like the feeling of that at all. And then, you know, despite obviously, us working 40 hours and probably plus 20 because of our passion into this space.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: You know, we have to be very careful in the space. Right? Like, you know, it's not financial advice. It's what you have studied, what you've put your pieces together, how long you've been in this community. Spend some time. But honestly, to hear actually someone tapping me on the back and go, I think you did the good thing. Yeah. I think you made the right choice there. So that was just something good.
Speaker E: Well, you can never say that phrase, Elaine. Not financial advice enough. But on the flip side, this is about, for me at least, it's about analysis, shared understanding and education. And as we all engage in this journey in this space, trying to learn and understand about a space that is incredibly, incredibly young and still rapidly evolving.
Speaker D: But the community that we have here at RV, you know, there's so many things going on behind the scenes already. You know, I have complete fomo in my own damn company that I work for when. When I don't have the chance to reply because I have to make content. Right. Every day you see these new shows that come out. And if you don't know about the new show, it's real vision crypto daily briefing, where you will see people like Ash and I, twelve p Eastern, noon, Monday to Friday, always covering the latest hot stuff on the crypto space. And please do join in because we are very, very active during that hour. But the thing is, I watch the chats that we're in and so many screen grabs, so many things you're testing. I've just come out this interview with Chris Madden from an app called floor, and he was just like, look, the whole usability, the utility of token gated access will allow scaling. And that's really important. And I think stuff that requires ticketing is going to be the next thing. Like, for example, I went to NFt NYC, right? And you just saw people getting into these parties, but only because they had the NFTs, you know, rushing. You got, you know, some of these collections have 10,000. Okay, so what, 10,000 users are going to go and see Madonna? It can't be done. But I think what I'm trying to say is the the RV NFT only has a collection of 2500. I think down the line we're going to expand on that a little bit. I don't want to reveal too much. That's something that's not in my remit. But this is just a safe community that, you know, is trying to scale to be interoperable as much as we can because we organically and natively believe in this digital asset space. And things are working now. Things are being put together, and when it takes off, it's going to be very, very quick.
Speaker B: Yeah. Elena, I have to correct you on your numbers. There are 6000 of the pieces, but only 2600 have been minted yet because the minting period is still open. But actually the minting period will close end of December. So there is an end to the mint, which is good news for the tech team that doesn't have to monitor the minting all the time. But of course, also good news for everyone who owns an NFT at that moment because we will, as a community, have to decide what we do with the unmented ones. And given that the NFT was actually given to you for free, if you're a pro crypto subscriber, I definitely recommend to mint it. It's also extremely cheap to mint. We had a competition for lowest minting fees. I think it was like $1.70 or even less. So it's really, really cheap to mint. But I see we got some other speakers on the stage. So happy to take your questions.
Speaker F: Hey, how you doing, guys? My name is d mode. I just want to say thank you, really to you guys at real vision. Ash, Bennington and Elaine. I've been listening to you guys for quite some time now, obviously. Gold member. Thank you for your knowledge too, and all the stuff that you guys are dropping here today. Elaine, I saw your tweet today. You made me laugh. It was hilarious. And thanks for giving us that update this morning. That was, was. That was great. Thanks.
Speaker D: Still crying on the inside demon. I love your acutana.
Speaker F: You're repping, no doubt.
Speaker B: Thank you.
Speaker F: Thank you. Yeah, it's pretty nice, isn't it? In the 3d, in any of the metaverses, it looks pretty sweet as well. So the texture on it's pretty nice.
Speaker D: You know, we're a fan of Micah and obviously our executive producer Nico, who has bags full of akutas. He keeps trying to, like, put it on the show and we've just had to cool him off in the corner with these acetylene bags. But thank you so much for being part of this community where I hope you, you feel safe and you learn along the way. And I think that's so important. I mean the thing is, I know the 6000 2000, whatever, but it's, you know, I would say we're one of the smaller communities, but it's a community that cares. That's the most important thing for me.
Speaker F: Yeah. Bless up. That's true. I guess like I should ask a question. I guess one of the questions I had was, you know, like, like how you caught Elaine off guard. I was wondering why in particular was it that we're launching it, we're launching the plan for the NFT project now. What made you guys announce the plan right now? Being a bear market, what's your thought process? Are you guys thinking we're at a bottom? Is that what you're thinking? What's your thought process there with respect to, you know, picking up the momentum right now?
Speaker B: Yeah, that's a great question. We of course, kind of like these announcements are always easier when there's a bull market because basically then each, any time you go and get in, it's a good time. Right. So at the end, honestly, we didn't really care. From my side at least I see this as a really good, yeah, look, even Elaine didn't know that. No, it's really like, I see this as a really long term project. Right. We got a strong brand behind us. We got a great community. We got a great network. And this is something where I can only see parallels to Time magazine, actually. This is really about building something of value which will continue. We are not about the pump at the hype. That's not our style. It doesn't really matter. And the time in between, actually we used for research. We have been, so I've been on the project for more than a year, actually. I've been researching the stuff that we are using right now. Even at my old job. I just joined revision officially in February.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker B: So, but I've been having the bot and driving it for more than two years on the site because it was a hobby project. And I've been dealing with the decentralized finance platforms for quite a while. And we have been working around some regulatory issues but also usability issues, all of that. And I think for us in the end it was very important to have a clear goal where we want to go to also clear opinion, what is a good platform, what is important for our community. How do you want to do that? We did not want to launch, for example, in February. We could have launched probably something promising people basically that we will build this out. But I really wanted to wait until we are ready until kind of in the back end, everything is in place and then kind of kick it off so people have a good feeling and the community really can build with us and join us in this journey. Developing the product, see that there's development and see the goal that is there. So I'm personally, I'm in many projects that have a clearly undefined roadmap, I would say, where it's more about like, yeah, we are building this and that I'm, I'm trusting them. I'm just in there and then I'm here.
Speaker D: Yeah, sorry, I have to jump in because like, that's, that's basically two years of crypto sort of guidance that we've had in our pockets and we're able to digitize it. Would you say that that's sort of like the case? Because that's what I'm hearing, basically, yeah.
Speaker B: And it's not only kind of about the crypto knowledge, it's also about the network. We have the right people in the right places. We got not only kind of connections into web three, but this is also kind of for all of our other members, I think an important play because NFTs are not only something we want to use for crypto native users only or people in interested in crypto investing. Right. We also want to use then make the best of them for people from macro where maybe they are not used to using nfts, but they are interested in the many use cases. Like we talked about ticketing earlier, we are talking about community building all the time. We are talking about how access is basically made more accessible via nfts and how you can basically cut out the middleman, how you can incentivize new use cases. I find like, this is something that is applicable for all levels. We are talking revision, macro, crypto, overall community. So there are so many things that will fall in place at one, basically at one opportunity, at one point in time that we are now at the point where we have this mapped out clearly and where we can use our resources in the best way.
Speaker A: You know, and one thing, this wasn't necessarily the plan, but I think one of the benefits of, you know, having announcements in the, in a bear market is that there's a lot less noise that you normally would experience in a bull market. So you know something? The bear market's the perfect. I've learned more in the last week than I think I did in all of the bull market. So I think it's a great opportunity to launch a platform that focuses on education right now when the noise is quieted down so you can focus and actually have that time to learn without all of that hype and fomo that you. That some will experience in the bull market. Market.
Speaker F: Yeah. There's a lot more clarity in a space right now in this bear market. So I appreciate the fact that you guys are launching this, like, plan right now, being so quiet now. And, like, the people that are really looking to learn are in the market right now. So it's a great, it's a great idea, to say the least. Thank you. Thank you for the. Thank you, everybody, for the platform there.
Speaker A: Yeah, thanks for your question. Hey, Jordan, how are you doing?
Speaker B: Good.
Speaker G: How about you guys?
Speaker A: Doing fantastic.
Speaker G: So my question. Well, number one, I think. I think we need some sort of a moniker or badge of traitor or espionage for Elaine just to slap that on. So everybody knows, you know, clearly we have a mole in our midst. Beyond that, I think my question is really kind of a two part thing, so.
Speaker D: Oh, my God, this is so funny.
Speaker G: I'm crying if there's. If there's any. What's that? What's the future of any kind of meetups or gatherings and on top of that, any kind of future utility you guys are thinking about? I don't know if there's anything. I'm not asking you to announce anything that's beyond the scope of this, this meetup, but if there's. If there's any direction you would like to go, maybe the rest of us could start kind of chewing on that and rendering some sort of an opinion on how we should go forward with all of this. And that's all.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's a great question. Thank you, John, for that. Yeah. Maybe some people did not get a space at the latest meetups we held. So, basically, I think last week we did a global meetup week. More or less, people all around the world could register for small community meetups, and we try to get the hosts involved in different locations. So as far as that was possible, like, there was New York, there was more Zieber and myself in Munich, there was London meetup, I think, like, all around the world, Tokyo as well, with western. So it's really kicking off. And our idea around that is really like, we are around community, right. But for us, community is not only happening in the digital space, and that's where the strength of real vision also lies. We have many, many members who are super engaged and very interested in local meetups, in just meeting each other, just kind of talking about beat crypto, macro beat, different business opportunities. It can be anything like. Right. It's a club basically, of like minded people. And we are trying to sow the seeds that a little bit with these local meetups. We want to support local groups from our community who are, for example, launching something on their own. Because clearly, like, not all of us can be at any, at all meetups all the time. And also, Raul told me that my liver will not take it if I'm kind of attending these meetups regularly. But the broader goal with this is kind of having this really, in regular intervals, having this every three months. This is kind of the idea. And we will definitely announce something about the meetup soon. For the other thing kind of is their utility. We have distributed poeps to everyone attending the meetup. And I think I kind of announced it at the Munich meetup, and I kind of made people aware that there's a utility behind the Poeps because we want to bring the people owning these poeps in basically local groups, not only on discord, but also on another platform that is enabling us to run portfolio competitions where you guys will then be able to kind of track drive your own hive mind. Portfolio consisting of what you are allocating in the track record will be on chain, its macro and crypto investments. And it's nothing real money, so to say, but it's an immutable track record. And, like, coming from the asset management side, for me, it was always important to have this track record when someone is trading or when a community is trading. Having something really that shows that you did perform like you did is extremely important for, like, the idea that we have around this revision. God, talented, that is. That's a bigger picture and a bigger idea that we have. And I think it's really powerful because it brings community together on a local level. It kind of puts you on the platform. It puts you also into the spotlight if you're performing well. And it's also great fun. Right? I mean, we have been running some test league on that, and we are currently beating Harvard University, who are also on that league. I don't know how many people from Harvard, they haven't identified themselves, so no idea who's in there, but still, it's interesting. And also, they only bought bonds, so it's not that much of a challenge. Elaine, you raised your hand.
Speaker D: Yo yo. Look, I just wanted to talk about a little bit about the micro meetups and the Po apps. So obviously, this is another web three incentive that you guys have spearheaded. And, you know, a lot of these po ops just get dashed out willy nilly. But like I said, it's a smaller community when you actually claim one of these parts, which you can do. And if you watch real Vision crypto daily briefing show. And also I was at the, I organized the real Vision micro event, right? And then I was three glasses of rose down. I was just really happy to actually get the community together. And these are people, I just wanted to give you a little bit of insight. Who attended this micro event. So I'm based out in San Francisco, right? And I found a lovely pizza NFT gallery. The owner knew about real vision. He thanked me. He was like, you know, it was all Rao and his micro outlook that told me about how important it is to get a grasp of your, you know, your own finances. But then also this, this. And he goes, oh, I own 3000 nfts too. And I was like, okay. But then the people that came to that night, I had someone drive 5 hours from Tahoe. I had a gentleman who was in his seventies asking me for my twitter tag. I had aws architectures. I had a googler who just tapped me on the shoulder and go, oh, yeah, just finished watching Raoul giving a chat at Google, actually. And I was like, what the hell? This man is everywhere. But anyway, but that's the kind of visionaries and the hive mind. Oh, and an engineer from NASA. I don't know how we've done it, but the community is there now. And when you get these people all stuck together on the table, oh, my God. There wasn't even room for me to talk because they just gelled together and you can see everything. Just start connecting the dots. So I was three glasses of rose down. Obviously, these guys tapped me on the back of the shirt and went, Elaine, we're ready to mint our po app now. And then there's a girl's my panic alarm again. I was thinking, oh, my God, my team has sent me the QR codes somewhere, I don't know where, how or what to claim this Po app. So they're like, oh, yeah, we're gonna scan it. We're gonna mint our Po app right in front of your face right now. And I was like, oh, my God. And I was just praying to God that this works right in front of me. And you know, you're facing the wheel of death, but lo and behold that it works like a beauty at these events, and I hope we can do more of them in the future. And you just. It was weird, right? Because I do all this stuff online all the time. I meant a ton of PO apps, proof of attendance protocol. I meant all these poets. But when you see something that RV has built ourselves and people, you see the admiration that you see web three technology working in front of you. That was a really good moment for me to see and feel. So I hope, you know, either when you can get the NFT or not just claim those RV PO apps, because that robot is good at reading data and stuff, you know, so claim it.
Speaker F: When it pops up.
Speaker B: Yeah. And by the way, you can keep them on their native chain. They are minted on XDAi, which is a relatively accessible chain, but not as cost intensive as ethereum, actually. So you, some people ask if they need to migrate them to ethereum and you don't. We can identify that chain as well. And that's exactly the use case. Right? So these poeps and any NFT that is kind of not maybe a store of value, but giving you maybe just a login, right, to some website we are working with, those can be on any chain, so no need to migrate them. And there's also kind of like, I know the issue of showing them, having them show up in Metamask, actually. So feel free to reach out anytime on Discord and anywhere I can send you the link. How to make them appear in Metamask. So much about web three, it's still a bit early, right? It's being encountered these issues all the time where it's kind of like, how do I, this doesn't show up there, how do I integrate that? How does a login work and stuff like this? So for us, it's also a big opportunity within the community to educate. And we actually want to use web three Wednesdays also for those topics, kind of addressing the things that maybe members have been struggling with, giving you a little bit of an additional information about this and of course, also the project. I also want to announce that we have been going live with the pages on the NFT roadmap and also on the revision pro crypto subscription. I know that many people have asked for this. Many people also have asked for public discord access, which is for procryptor still restricted. Right. So this is on a basis where you have to reach out to us. If you're an NFT holder and we get you into the discord, it's very exclusive. So it's not like normal discords where you just pop in and can kind of see a restricted number of channels it's really totally off. But we are also working on a more public discord with real vision where we step by step will be looping in members from all tiers in different groups so you can engage and you can exchange ideas. Actually, the meetup community has been sent an invite link to the local meetup group. So this is a good starting point to kind of get to know each other on a small scale. I imagine if we kind of open this up, there will be all hell breaking loose. So basically better get in there early before anyone else does and, you know.
Speaker A: To continue touching on the community aspect and the micro events. That is definitely something, you know, we want to continue building and we want to empower our community to network and make those connections with each other. So, you know, if you have an idea for a small, spontaneous, you know, meetup of your own in a city with some other real vision members, please, you know, reach out to myself or someone in real vision on discord or on Twitter and, you know, we can, we can maybe figure out a way how to, how to assist with that. We definitely want to empower that type of, of networking and connection. And in terms of utility, we have a lot of things going on and, you know, we are having meetings in our discord, you know, in the voice chat, kind of discussing ideas for the next round of utilities. You know, whether that's researching protocols and empowering the space, whether that can benefit us knowing about future projects or technologies and, you know, letting the space know about it as well, or whether that's, you know, creating our dao and thinking of, you know, ideas and how to manage that going forward. So if you have an idea or you want to participate in that, you can always again, reach out to, to me and Twitter or, you know, just check out the announcements and hop into one of our chats and, and share your knowledge.
Speaker B: Yeah, this is great. I thank you very much, Bjan, for also highlighting how to contact us, actually. So also in my case, just feel free to ping me on discord or write me on Twitter. I'm usually quite responsive. Given that we are global company, we can cover many time zones, maybe not all of them. I don't know, like Asia is still a little bit off. Not many people there, but usually it works well. And yeah, if you, if you make, want to make fun of Elaine for being paper handed, just do that on Twitter. That's the easiest route.
Speaker A: And when you do, make sure you tag her as well, because we all want to see it.
Speaker D: Where's John? John's in the crowd, and I'm just reading in the comments, and I love that he just tweeted, Elaine, so brave of you to show your face.
Speaker A: I think after, after we're done with this space is a good, a good little activity for everyone is to, to tweet out. You know what went on in Elaine's head when she sold the RV. Nft.
Speaker D: Bring it. Bring it. I've taken so much heat, I might as well just live up to it. It's back in my wallet. I'm not hurt. I'm still the RV family. I'm here for it. I'm gonna take it. Next week is a whole new week is onto new beginnings. But I am ready, Dee. I am ready for this jam.
Speaker B: That's the spirit. That's how we like it. And, yeah, we will be back next week. I guess this will be a regular thing. So if you can tweet about this, if you like this space, then of course, kind of. Please let us know. Please let everyone else know that you know in the community that minting is still open until end of the year. So if you know someone who hasn't minted yet, bring them to the mint. Help them to get the NFT. It's basically free money out there. It's. We are just getting started.
Speaker D: I love that. I just want to say one thing for, for those who own the real vision, Nft as well, I had a hard time downloading the, the NFT and updating it on my Twitter. I've worked out how to do it. Do you guys know an easy way to do it or shall I follow up with everyone who will reach out to me and I can teach you how to get your giphy onto your Twitter timeline.
Speaker B: I know one.
Speaker D: You know one? Okay. Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah. So just download helper is a plugin you can use for your browser. It's usually how I do it and that one can download the video and any other media file. So this is usually very useful to, for downloading, for stealing any JPEG or any not JPEG related content.
Speaker D: Media management and its finest. Thank you, robot.
Speaker B: Always.
Speaker A: And you know, just in the future of these spaces, we, we are going to be bringing on guests from all over web three and just people that are involved, whether that's, you know, their dj themselves, no project founders, artists, whatever it is, investors. We're going to bring a whole bunch of people from all walks of web three on and discuss with them, pick their brains and open it up to everyone in our community to kind of ask questions as well. And just have a general fireside conversation. That's what the point of this space is, to just learn and chat with each other, get to know each other, and just learn about what I think is going to be the future of our world.
Speaker B: All right. I think those were very fitting closing words for our first web three Wednesday Twitter space. I think this is also being recorded, so we will put it on a platform. It will be available. You can listen to this space. And, yeah, I'm really excited about the future and happy that you all joined. Thank you so much for being part of the community and also being in this Twitter space asking questions and being engaged. This is great. Like last week, meeting the community was really an amazing moment. Also for me, so many different people, so many different interesting people and so much engagement. I'm still fascinated by it. Yeah. And I'm looking forward to talking to all of you again.
Speaker A: See everyone next week. And don't forget to tag Elaine on Twitter. I want to see all those jokes. We'll chat with everyone in discord and here on Twitter as well. Have a great week, everyone.
