Speaker A: Golddealer.com provides one of the nation's largest inventories of gold, silver, platinum, palladium, and rhodium bullion, and our website offers live buy and sell prices. We specialize in precious metal IRA accounts, charge no setup or shipping fees, and provide one of the best storage programs in the business. GoldDealer.com also provides a free audio quote line that is updated twice each day and a gold newsletter that is published every week.
Speaker B: Hello, and welcome back to the real vision Crypto daily briefing. Here's why you should watch today's show. Coinbase's third quarter earnings missed the mark. Goldman Sachs launches a new crypto tool and the Gala Games hack. We'll cover all these stories and why they matter. Plus, Christine Kim, research associate at Galaxy Digital, joins us to talk about ethyield in a post merge world. Stay tuned for that. I'm Ash Bennington. With me today we have Moritz Siebert. Moritz, welcome back.
Speaker C: Well, Ash, you're my favorite real vision host, do you know that? It's always great to be back with you. How are you?
Speaker B: It's always a pleasure to be here with you. I'm really looking forward to this conversation. Such an interesting framework to talk about. By the way, don't forget to subscribe to real Vision Crypto. It's free if you're watching on YouTube, like and subscribe and hit the notification bell so you don't ever miss when we go live. All right, with that said, let's jump right into today's price action. We're seeing some positive price action this morning. Bitcoin is up roughly 4% in the last 24 hours, breaking above $21,000, which is the highest it's been since it declined in mid September. We're seeing similar but more pronounced movements from Ethereum. ETH is up about 6.5% over the last 24 hours, also reaching its highest level since the tokens post merge fall in mid September. 1 token we're looking at that is down, however, is gala, the native token of gala games. It fell roughly 20% after speculation that it was hacked. It's recovered some of those losses now down only about 8% in the last 24 hours. But obviously a lot of volatility and a lot of uncertainty there. Anything catch your attention, Moritz, what do you make from these moves in Ethereum and bitcoin?
Speaker C: It's higher, Ash. I'm really excited about that. Just 48 hours ago, I was on the daily briefing with Marko and we were saying, boy, is this boring. It's again range bound and nothing's moving. It's like watching paint dry. And the realized volatility of bitcoin is less than the realized volume of the S and P 500. And it's just we fail to really break through to the top side and boom, here we go. We're north of 1600 in Ethereum. I'm really happy to see this and I hope that theres going to be some follow through. Were dealing in probabilities and never uncertainties. Maybe before the holidays, maybe before Thanksgiving. Well see bitcoin at 25,000 and Ethereum at 2000. Wouldnt that be nice? Im cheering for that so lets see if that happens.
Speaker B: Maurice I love the holiday cheer and optimism, but getting into our first story, obviously this one is about the crypto industry still facing headwinds earnings and revenue at Coinbase is global third quarter missed on Thursday, causing shares to fall around 8% in Thursday trading before recovering about 4.5% yesterday on an after hours trading rally. Conversely, the company was able to retain users and lower expenses more effectively than analysts had expected. In its shareholder newsletter, Coinbase reported that transaction revenue declined $366 million, down 44% for from Q two, driven by lower trading volumes. One of the factors Coinbase attributes to the decline is the trading volume shift away from the United States, which may be due to the perception of uncertainty surrounding the us regulatory framework for crypto currencies. On a somewhat brighter note, as a result of rising interest rates, interest income has become a buffer for the company. During this bear market, this income has more than tripled, from 32 and a half million dollars to $101.8 million. This according to analysis from Coindesk. Still, according to Alicia Haas, Coinbase's chief financial officer, the company is, quote, preparing for 2023 with a more conservative bias. Close quote, adding that Coinbase is developing plans that will be more conservative next year as these headwinds could persist or possibly intensify. This, according to Haas, Moritz, what do you think? More crypto headwinds in 2023? What's your view? I know you're an optimist in price action, but what's your take on the broader space for 2023?
Speaker C: I like to be the optimist. I mean, 2023 is still way out. It's like an eternity in crypto space. Look, the headwinds are there and we are in a bear market still. So I'm not surprised to see that you have a drop in earnings at Coinbase earlier this week. We've heard about layoffs at a couple of crypto firms. It's a tough business. When I speak to friends of mine or all sorts of people, nobody's really trading. That's the thing. There's no real reason for people to get back into crypto now. It seems their portfolios are on fire, people are suffering. Equities are down, the dollar is up, inflation's higher, yields are higher. It's difficult to get people into the space. So I think that is the natural byproduct is that you see a drop in earnings on exchanges in crypto, in the crypto space in general. So I'm not surprised to that. I hope that is going to change in 2023, being the optimist here.
Speaker B: Yeah. And to your broader point also, this is something that we're seeing in tech more generally, obviously. We were talking about this yesterday on real vision. Daily briefing, Amazon expanding its hiring pause. Lyft announcing a 13% layoff and workforce stripe. The online payments giant reducing workforce by 14%. It's just an ugly time in the valley. More generally.
Speaker C: It is. It absolutely is. And look, I mean, as I said, I hope it's going to turn around, hopefully doing a U turn at 180 in 2023, but the headwinds are there. I mean, let's just be realistic about that.
Speaker B: Yeah, there's that optimism. We'll have to wait and see. Next story here. This is a really interesting one. We were talking about this one off camera. In a press release issued on Thursday, investment bank Goldman Sachs announced that it's partnered with financial services firm MSCI and crypto intelligence company Coin Metrics to launch a new digital asset classification system called Datonomy Dadnami. I don't know how to pronounce this, but it's datanomy and it's a new tool that classifies coins and tokens based on their functionality and use cases. It's designed to provide clients a standardized way to analyze the broader crypto markets, including Defi and smart contracts platforms. Moritz, this is just a fascinating story. This functionality has been a long time coming, a long time discussed. It's been a challenge in the space to basically talk about crypto without these classifications in place. We were talking about this gap back at Coindesk way back in 2017. I remember we were working on some ideas then to try and frame this out. If you want wider adoption of crypto and blockchain, you need a framework to talk about it. I actually showed the GIC sector map. That's the global industry classification standard for the S and P 500 last night on real vision daily briefing because it's so important when you're trying to get a sense of what's happening in a market, to have these sort of broad, functional buckets for understanding what's happening. Tell me more. What's your take on all this?
Speaker C: To me, Ash, this is the biggest story. I really think that the investment banks, it's not just Goldman. Goldman is already in the space. They did, I think, derogator's transaction linked to bitcoin a couple of months ago. They're all coming. JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley, Goldman, you name them, they will all come. Because crypto or digital assets, as an asset class, it is just too big to ignore and it's here to stay. I think they're waiting for the regulatory framework to consistently come into place. Hopefully, that will happen. That will be the tailwind, and then that opens the doors. So I'm really excited to see this. They're stepping towards that goal and they're preparing essentially the fields, the playgrounds. Look, this is the classification. Those are the different tokens. We're educating people, we're educating our clients. All of that, I think, is super positive. So I really like to see that.
Speaker B: Moritz. I think that's so well said. Spot on. I think in everything you just said there, and I think they just can't afford not to be. This is too much of a risk that we look at this space and people who are passionate about it, you and me and Christine and other people who follow this every day. It's really hard to get the sense that this is not the direction which broader financial services are heading. And it's just impossible for these folks not to put these bets on. Right?
Speaker C: I think so, too. Yeah. Look, I mean, this may be the revenue generator for any bank in the next ten years, right? I mean, not having it as part of your business is actually a greater risk than having it as part of your business. So you kind of, like, have to appropriately get in, get in touch with it. And that's what they're doing. I think slowly but surely, they're getting into the space. Once that regulatory clarity exists, they will all be there.
Speaker D: Speaker one.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly right. Moritz. I love having you on the show so we can have exactly these kinds of conversations. But before we get too carried away with the optimism, I want to talk about our last story here. News headlines have obviously been full of stories of hacks lately, and this space obviously has been quite on edge. As a consequence, yesterday, users reported a single blockchain address appeared to mint over $1 billion worth of gala tokens. The native token gala games out of thin air. It sent crypto Twitter into a speculative frenzy. The conversation on Twitter was basically all over the place. Some users calling it a hack, other users calling it a rug pull. You know, whatever the language of your choosing here, the token plunged about 20% on the news. Moritz, I got to be honest with you. I wasn't familiar with gala games before this story broke, but it's easy to understand why this story caught crypto quitters attention. A billion dollars is a lot of money, Moritz. What do you make of it?
Speaker C: Yes, a billion dollars is a lot of money. And to be honest, I'm not familiar with gala either. The only thing I can tell you is, boy, I am so tired. Like, so fatigued. And so I just wanted to stop. Like, you know, it doesn't seem to stop, all these hacks, all these, you know, glitches. I just wanted to stop. It just doesn't seem to go away. I find it really disturbing. And, oh, boy, I just wanted to end.
Speaker B: Yeah, boy, this really is like the yin and the yang, right? Like the glory and the tragedy of crypto all in, like two stories back to back.
Speaker C: That's right.
Speaker E: This podcast is sponsored by ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what with each vendor. Ramp's software collects and verifies receipts instantly. To save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments, time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use Ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get $250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy. Ramp.com easy ramp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank and celtic bank members have DIC terms and conditions apply.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, Moritz, I could have a conversation with you for about 3 hours, but I really want to bring in our next guest, christine kim, research analyst at Galaxy Digital, to talk about Eth yields. Christine, how are you doing?
Speaker D: Hi. Thanks for having me. I'm doing well. How are you, Ash?
Speaker B: I'm doing great, christine. It's always a pleasure to have you back, and I'm incredibly excited to have you have this conversation with moritz to talk about Eth yield.
Speaker D: Yes, it's a very timely topic, eth yields. I think we're now 50 days past the merge, and because of that upgrade, we've seen a lot of changes in Ethereum's issuance and supply, so very, very timely topic.
Speaker B: Yeah, really excited for this conversation, moritz. I'll let you take it from here. I'll be back at the end of the conversation with my key takeaways.
Speaker C: Hey, Christine, let's kick it off. It's really cool to have you on the show, and I must admit, I love the podcast that you did with Tracy and Joe on Otlons. And that was really like, I was listening to that while I was traveling, and I thought, I definitely have to get christine on the show to talk about Eth yields and staking and validating and how this all works, because you're deep into the wheatshe. But one thing, and that is where I'd like to start, is I listened to the podcast, and you said it was the plan all the time, like, since the beginning in 2015, they wanted to do proof of stake that I found surprising. I'm aware that they started discussing it in 2017. It's like, okay, that was the roadmap. We want to move from proof of work to proof of stake. But you were saying, no, no, no. That was kind of like, it was the plan from inception. And is that really. I mean, maybe you can educate us on that. Why was that? I mean, why did they actually start with proof of work then? Why didn't they go immediately to proof of stake?
Speaker D: It's a great question. And it's true that even before Ethereum launched the plan and the roadmap, and the intention was to transition Ethereum over to a proof of stake consensus protocol. And the reason why they didn't do it immediately was because back then, say, 2014, 2015, there was still a ton of research and development going into alternative consensus mechanisms to the one that bitcoin had launched with, which is proof of work. And it was far more trusted at the time. The proof of work consensus mechanism was far more trusted, understood and known. One of the concerns around proof of stake is that you need to create a lot of complex mechanisms in order to incentivize validators to secure the chain with money and assets that the chain itself is creating. Proof of work relies on an external resource, something like energy, that already has a market for many use cases for outside of crypto. So I think one of the main reasons why Ethereum didn't launch with proof of stake at the beginning in 2015 was because there was still a ton of research and development that needed to go into how do we make a robust, secure proof of stake consensus protocol? And for the last, say, seven years of time, ethereum developers have been researching this topic. And it was only recently, on September 15 of this year, that developers felt ready to securely and confidently migrate Ethereum's proof of work protocol to proof of stake. And the task, I think, only just got harder and harder because Ethereum, during those seven years, grew exponentially of applications. The number of users, the number of features and functionalities that the network started to grow with after it launched made the task of actually transitioning to proof of stake a lot harder than developers first expected when they laid out that roadmap. And I would highly recommend, if you're interested, a little bit more into this history, two different books. There's a book written by Laura Shin called the Cryptopians, I think, and then there's another one by Kami Russo called into the ether that both talk about the early history of Ethereum and the four. And there was four original phases of development for Ethereum, serenity being the last one, and the transition to proof of stake. So I think it's quite a feat that we're now in the final phase of Ethereum's original development roadmap, the serenity phase. But of course, there's still, there's just still so much to be done on Ethereum.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, there's work ahead, like sharding. I mean, okay, we've just merged with the beacon chain, essentially. Ethereum proof of work, by the way, is still out there. I think it trades at $6 or something like that. I think the last time I looked so kind of like, in which camp do you fall? Because this is, it's been this debate. You have proof of work, bitcoin, for instance. Ethereum used to be proof of work, but it's decentralized, has massive hashing power. You have less of these concerns that are now a part of the Ethereum world, where you have concentration of stakers and validators that essentially have changed the nature of the blockchain and its security feature, if you see what I mean. Do you think personally that what has happened is a positive? Would you have liked it to. I mean, it's, it's done. What's done is done. But are you a fan of proof of stake?
Speaker D: That's a good question. Am I a fan of proof of stake? I think proof of stake has several merits, one of which is definitely the energy efficiency of proof of stake. I think the narrative around using green technologies is a plus for Ethereum's narrative of trying to be a world computer. I think the jury is still out, though, on the functionality and the security of proof of stake blockchains over proof of work blockchains. I think the track record of what bitcoin has shown, and bitcoin has proven time and time again is quite compelling to me. But I also actually, now that I'm saying this, I actually think that more so than is it proof of work or proof of stake, the biggest source of security that both of these consensus mechanisms are trying to encourage and trying to veer towards actually its level of decentralization. So one of the reasons why many Ethereum developers say that proof of stake is actually more secure than proof of work is because the number of validators is far larger than the number of professionalized miners that can exist on a proof of work consensus protocol. So because over time, the mining algorithm gets so specialized, it becomes so professionalized, people who are mining bitcoin, it can no longer be at home miners, it has to be these large public companies. The good thing about proof of stake is that, well, you can have many at home validators. You don't need a special machine, you can just do it from your computer. But we're seeing the realities of that vision play out on Ethereum, and we're seeing that actually the infrastructure for running large validators is hosted by companies like exchanges, like Coinbase, like Kraken. So I think it's the problem of, I think centralization still exists on both mechanisms. And I think regardless of either of those two mechanisms, the biggest thing that you are optimizing for is decentralization. You're trying to make sure that the infrastructure, the number of people that are providing security to your blockchain is globally distributed. So I know I skirted around the question of do I like proof of stake? But I think thinking about that question a little bit more now, I realize that whether it's proof of stake or proof of work, the biggest, most important aspect of a blockchain security is its decentralization, and the jury is still out. I think to see whether or not Ethereum becomes as decentralized as bitcoin, maybe it needs more time, because bitcoin's decentralization developed over time. And hopefully proof of stake is not a consensus protocol. And the features of Ethereum's proof of stake protocol. In particular, I hope that it strengthens Ethereum's decentralization.
Speaker C: I think that you probably have the numbers. I mean, how centralized is Ethereum staking today? I know if I have 32 eth, I can stake and I can run a validator. I personally don't do that. I have somebody else do it for me. You've mentioned the exchange and lido, and there's all sorts of providers, but it seems to be essentially what I then get is a derivative. I get a staking derivative and they take a cut. But I have the feeling you have the numbers. It seems to be fairly concentrated in kind of like the hands of four or five major firms.
Speaker D: Right. So the staking pools that operate those like stake on behalf of other users, it's about 30% for Lido, 14% for Coinbase, and then I can't remember what the last one, but I'm pretty sure that the third largest staking pool is kraken. I don't think it's quite an apples to apples comparison, though, between the number of miners on bitcoin, because there are also a handful of large mining pools that take the hash rate of miners and then aggregate it together to produce a block. And so instead of aggregating hashrate on Ethereum, you've got people who have ETH and staking pools like Coinbase and Kraken and Lido that aggregate, that stake and produce blocks. So I think there is a certain amount of centralization that exists in both systems, and there's quite a lot of development happening, even on the bitcoin side, to make sure that bitcoin stays censorship resistant despite a concentration of mining hash rate to a few select mining pools. A lot of work is going into that from stratum v two development. And I think on the ethereum side, we're also trying to. There's also a lot of development going into. Ok, what are some of the other research and development initiatives that we can take on to try and decentralize the role of staking pools? Because I agree with you that that's still extremely centralized, to have a handful of staking pools managing stake on behalf of users.
Speaker C: But, yeah, sounds like with the numbers you've just mentioned, like Lido and Coinbase and Kraken, sounds like you have more than 50, 60%. I mean, if you sum it all up, that is actually centralized. You've also mentioned that validators are chosen randomly. Is it really randomly, or is there anything that lido or Coinbase or any of these pools and operators could do to increase the probability that they are the selected ones to build a block.
Speaker D: So they have a greater probability of being able to be selected to propose a block. So most validators will get a constant stream of rewards from attesting to blocks and attesting to transactions. But the probability of you being selected to build a block as an independent validator, just basically a node operator that runs a single validator, is quite low because you're being chosen out of 400,000 active validators that as Lido, I control one third of those 400,000 validators, then that means that I will be chosen to select a block one third of the time. And so that does increase your rewards as a validator node operator, but it doesn't, there's no kind of gaming inherent to just having that much amount of stake. And those rewards should be distributed back to the individual stakers, so the people that have pooled into their e, that those rewards should be distributed among those contributors to Lido.
Speaker C: I was asking, and actually I wasn't planning on bringing up that question because it might be too detailed, but now I do, and that is because I didn't understand it. Like I was speaking a couple of weeks ago to an investment manager that's operating essentially an Ethereum yield product, they were pitching to me that they would be getting a higher yield than average market yields because they're more cleverly building or proposing blocks. There's something that they're doing different to just like a vanilla. I just run a validator, let's just say on my laptop I have 32 eth. I run a validator. I do nothing, I just participate. They were telling me, and I didn't really understand it, we were running out of time, that they do it in a clever way and therefore they have a higher yield. Does that sound fair? Is that. I mean, have they be choking with me?
Speaker D: Yeah, it's a good question, I think before the merge. So the way that validators would earn rewards was limited to issuance, issuance from the network. And there were several strategies to try and optimize so that your validation had 100% uptime. Basically, as an at home validator, you can think of a time when my Internet goes out for, you know, say a half hour, and during that half hour I don't get the attestation rewards. But if I am giving my stake to a very extremely professional, you know, company that promises and guarantees 100% uptime to all of their nodes and all of their servers, you can see that there is like an incremental, say, increase in the amount of issuance that you get from operating that validator. And that was a strategy that certain staking companies had really marketed. But there is a danger to over optimizing your validator hardware, because if you try and optimize for uptime, and then you basically have a version of your validator that's running, and when that validator goes offline, you can automatically spin up another version of that validator to make sure that your uptime is always 100%. You can fall into the trap of double signing and getting slashed as a validator, because you have two instances of your validator running at the same time. So there was quite a lot of conversation around that sort of optimization. But now that the merge has happened, there's actually two other sources of rewards that you can get as a validator, and one of them is maximal extractable value mev, and the other one is priority fees. The way that you can maximize MEV is by connecting to a relay, which is an off chain marketplace that connects you to a third party builder. So instead of you looking at your local mempool and including your block with a bunch of transactions that have the highest priority fees, you can basically receive a pre built block from a builder that has received transaction bundles from searchers. They reordered transactions in a more profitable way, and in that sense, your rewards from that block are higher. So I think the deeper that you dig into this ETH yield, this ETH staking company, the more details you can get from how are they generating that additional revenue? Is it from optimizing your hardware? If it is, then I don't think, like, the adjustment is actually that high. Like, even if you have 100% of time versus like 90% off time, I don't think there's a huge difference. But if it is through certain private order flows, certain ways in which they're extracting mev, connecting to different relays in a more strategic way, I think that might be a different way in which you can earn greater rewards, but you'd have to do a little bit more digging into asking how they're.
Speaker C: That is exactly what we'll do on the separate show. Christine, Mempool, relay delay Mev. These are the things that we need to take a deeper dive on, but we'll probably keep that separate. Definitely like to invite you back to speak about these things you've just mentioned, slashing. So slashing is something that probably people have heard of, and slashing is the risk, right? Slashing is if you are misbehaving, if you are not doing your job properly as a validator, then you get slashed. You have the numbers probably. To what extent has slashing taking place? I mean, do you have like a percentage number on that? I mean, how frequently does that happen? Has it not happened yet?
Speaker D: I mean, yeah, we've seen hundreds of validators get slashed on the beacon chain, but that is in comparison to say like 400,000 active validators that are being processed through the beacon chain every day. And there's two websites that I would like to highlight to listeners if you're interested in diving deeper into some of these slashing cases. Beacon chain with a period between Cha in and then beaconscan.com dot. I don't know if you guys have show notes, but these are two blockchain explorers where you can take a look at all of the slashing events that have happened since the beginning of the blockchain. And just looking at one of those websites now, I can see that the most recent slashing event occurred basically three days ago. And then after that, the most recent slashing event happened 42 days ago. So truly slashing events are pretty rare occurrences on the beacon chain given the number of active validators that are constantly attesting and proposing blocks. And generally these slashing events happen a lot at once. So because the number of independent validators is not very high, you have occurrences where one validator node operator that's operating hundreds upon hundreds of validators, you know, a portion of their infrastructure goes down. And when that happens, it impacts say like dozens of validators. So I think one of the interesting things about the way that you look at slack events happening on chain is that they often happen in a correlated fashion. There's a spike in say dozens of validators getting slashed all in one day, and then no slashing events for several weeks. And then it's more like a hardware.
Speaker C: Problem, validators going down and that results in a slashing event rather than somebody doing something that is against the protocol. So to say, is that fair to say? By the way, I think it's kind of nice to hear that it's actually a rare occurrence, like three days ago, 42 days ago. So it's kind of like, it's not like a daily thing, which I think is a positive.
Speaker D: Yeah, I don't think that. I think most of these are unintentional slashing events. As in, as I was mentioning about the double signing instance where you tried to optimize over, optimize your hardware and then you accidentally had two instances of your validator running at the same time. So I think there was a lot of, like, accidental slashing events that have happened. But also I think when you see an individual validator get slashed, who knows? Maybe it was someone trying to game the system, trying to uncover a loophole in the consensus protocol of the beacon chain. But the beacon chain, unlike the merge, which happened just a couple, 50 days ago, the beacon chain has been live up and running since. Since December 2020. So I think over time, the resilience of the protocol itself, the fact that people have had years to try and game the system, to try and steal funds, to try and create kind of network disruptions and network failures, it's really encouraging to see that despite these slashing events and probably the number of attempts that have been made to try and break this system, ethereum continues to operate extremely efficiently and smoothly post merge, and even before the merge as well.
Speaker C: Right, final question, Christine. I mean, this is really fascinating, but yields, I mean, where are yields today? Why? I know they're not 10%, but before the merge, a lot of people, they were on the show and I was like, look, probably ethereum yields are going to be between eight and 12%, and maybe that was a good forecast, but I have a feeling they're more like between four and five, relatively stably. So tell us the latest, give us the scoop. Where are the yields and why are they not ten?
Speaker D: Yeah, why are they not ten? It's a great question. I think the main reason is because user activity on chain is still pretty low because of the bear market and the broader macro conditions that we're in right now. We're not seeing a ton of users interact with DeFi applications. We're seeing a lot of trade volume for nfts, extremely low. And that is, of course, impacting validated rewards. The last I checked, validated rewards for issuance from the network is at 4.68% APY. But if you also include the amount of rewards that a validator can earn from priority tips, which is basically optional transaction fees that users attach to prioritize their transactions in a block, as well as the earnings that you can receive from MEV as a validator, that APY actually jumps up to around 8%. So the numbers of eight to 12% weren't entirely off, but it is on the lower end of that estimation of 8% is what we're seeing. And I will also caveat that when you include priority fees and MEV to the validated reward issuance, it becomes extremely variable, depending on the validator that you're looking at. So that 8.1% is an average of issuance issue. Your reward from issuance is fairly stable. You can think about it almost like, you know, the steady amount of rewards that you could have earned as a miner from the block issuance, it doesn't. It's very. If it changes, it changes extremely. In an extremely small increment. So, like.
Speaker C: And that's the 4.6%.
Speaker D: Sorry to interrupt.
Speaker C: Right. That is the stable part. That's 4.6. You're kind of like. That is what you get now, if you're clever about things the way you run your business, you can get eight or nine or even more. Right? I mean, you were. I think you were suggesting that it's actually quite variable.
Speaker D: It is extremely variable. And I think we've seen the difference in rewards that you can get by connecting to, say, the flashbots MeV relay versus other relays. And again, these relays are like off chain marketplaces to earn mev. And one of the estimations that I saw, actually, on a transparency dashboard created by flashbots, that if you. That blocks generated from the flashbots relay are double, if not triple, more valuable than blocks produced locally or blocks produced from other relays. So that kind of discrepancy, I think, in terms of earnings, depending on which relay you're getting your block from, is pretty shocking to see. But just stresses, again, the importance of decentralizing infrastructure on Ethereum for validators, and making sure that validator infrastructure on Ethereum is continuing to get more competitive across, like, many different participants, rather than centralized to a single participant.
Speaker C: Okay, fantastic. Christine, I think it's time for me to bring back an ash, but promise me to get back on the show with us. I'd really like to have just an episode technically focused on ETH staking and all the details about it. We'll probably need an hour for this or more, but. Ash. Hey, come back in. Wow.
Speaker B: That was absolutely fantastic, guys. Just a totally spectacular conversation. I'm sure our audience learned a ton. Let me just give you some of my key takeaways here. First, the plan was always to migrate ETH from proof of work to proof of stake. But there was still significant research and development that needed to be done to make proof of stake a robust and secure protocol. That project became more challenging as ETH scaled and grew exponentially. Second, Christine is a fan of some of the core functionality of proof of stake, particularly environmental friendliness, for example. But the jury is still out on the security and decentralization. Bitcoin has been the gold standard of security and decent centralization for some time now. And as large corporate staking pools spin up, decentralization in Ethereum is still very much a challenge. So the jury is still out on whether ETH can become as decentralized as bitcoin. Finally, third block validation is based on the random selection of validators, but the stochastic nature is still bounded by the distribution of control of those validators. For example, if a given pool controls one third of the validators, they will, on average, get selected one third of the time. Christine, those were my key takeaways. Did I get that mostly right?
Speaker D: Yeah, that was perfect. I was nodding my head the whole way through. I think those are great takeaways.
Speaker B: Well, this was absolutely fantastic, Christine, I know you're working on a new report about Ethereum right now. Eager to have you back on, to get to switch chairs with Moritz and have that conversation with you when that report comes out. Anything else you'd like to add?
Speaker D: No, I would just like to say thank you for guys, for having me again. And these conversations around ETh yields and ETH stake is something that I think will continue to be of importance, especially the higher the number of people, the greater the percentage of total amount of ETH supply stake becomes. Because right now we're only at around 12% of total ETH supply staked. But I can see that number, you know, doubling over the. Over the coming years. So the larger the supply gets staked, the more this conversation gets important. More important to have in the future.
Speaker B: Moritz, great conversation. Any final thoughts or key takeaways from you?
Speaker C: No, I think my video is frozen. I hope you can still hear me. All I have to say is thank you, Christine. I thought it was really interesting. I'm looking forward to having you back on the show. Thanks for all the information you provided today, and thanks for a good show.
Speaker B: More. It's Christine. Absolutely spectacular conversation today. That's it for today's show. Don't forget to subscribe. Real vision crypto is free. For those of you watching on YouTube, smash everything the like, button the Bella and subscribe. We have a great lineup next week. You won't want to miss it. See you Monday live on real Vision crypto daily briefing. Have a great weekend, everybody.
