Speaker A: Whoa. Landing an account this big will totally change my landscaping business. It's gonna mean hiring more guys and more equipment and new trucks for the new guys to drive the new equipment in. I don't know if I'm ready.
Speaker B: You can do this. And Ford Pro finsimple can help. Our experts are ready to make growing pains less painful for your business with flexible financing solutions that meet the needs of your business today when you need them. Get started@fordpro.com.
Speaker C: Financing picture yourself on a beach, retired early, and enjoying financial freedom. If this is your dream, then now's the time to level up your investing game, and real vision can help you. We arm you with the knowledge, the tools, and the network to succeed on your financial journey on your own terms. Take control of your future, and visit realvision.com free. That's realvision.com free.
Speaker A: Hi, I'm Raoul Pal, and welcome to my show, the journeyman. I think you know by now that this is my journey to that nexus of macro, crypto, and the exponential age of technology. It's my journey that I go down to learn from amazing people. I'm just so privileged to be able to sit down with people and just discuss what matters to me, and I think it matters to you guys. It's all about that learning journey. And in my path, there's been many people that I take this journey with that have become very close friends of mine. And I think of it that the world and the world of macro is a 3d jigsaw puzzle that's ever changing and no one person can solve it on their own. You need to gather component parts and different perspectives from other people. I've spent a long time thinking about money, about the economic system, about all of the narratives that come about the 1930s, about the 1970s, about how the system failed. In 2008, I listened to the gold investors viewpoints about hard money. I listen to the crypto investors about a new system or a new form of money. And most of us can get to a point of agreement that things are broken, that there's too much leverage and not enough growth, and that the increasing leverage causes slower growth. And I spoke about a lot of this in my everything code thesis. And if you haven't watched that video, I urge you to do so. And while you're at it, please just subscribe to the YouTube channel I want to get. The more people I get, the bigger the guests we can get, the better the conversations we get, the more this important information gets circulated by the YouTube algorithm to other people. I'm trying to really help people in their journey of understanding and distill it down to things that are going to matter to your life and their lives. So help me in that. Make sure you like turn on notifications. Obviously comments are always helpful as well. So the dollar system is something I've talked extensively about, but there's somebody who made it famous, a friend of mine, and we kind of mutually got there together, but Brent owned it fully. Brent Johnson of dollar milkshake theory Dollar milkshake theory is something that once you see it, you cant unsee it. It actually is part of my everything code thesis, but arrived at separately by Brent from different ways, but its all part of the same thing and how liquidity ties into the world and what it all actually means. But to get there you have to go through a special journey and thats a special journey that I think you all need to get to, which is it is all well and good to want the world to be a certain way, but the way to actually make money is to see it for what it is. And that actually sounds easy, but it's bloody difficult to do. Yes, the world is totally fucked. And yes, I think there's more opportunities to make money now than there's ever been in the past because it's so fucked. And this is a concept that Brent Johnson brought up in the milkshake theory is that because the world is so screwed, we have an excess reliance on dollars, and that reliance on dollars only goes up over time and not down. And that drives investment thesis. And we're not just talking about the dollar as the DXY, we're talking about the profoundity of the us dollar system where 87% of world trade is in dollars. You need to understand this. If you want to understand crypto, you need to understand this. If you want to understand why equities go up, you need to understand this as part of the everything code. Anyway, here's my conversation with Brent Johnson. Also, just before we get going, I will leave a link below for Brent's original dollar milkshake theory piece. So I think you should watch it because it is very important. And again, make sure you subscribe to the channel on YouTube. I think you'll get a lot out of the conversations that are still to come. Okay, see you after the interview. Join me, Raoul Pell, as I go on a journey of discovery through the macro, crypto and exponential age landscapes. In the journeyman, I talk to the smartest people in the world so we can all become smarter together. Brent Johnson, welcome back.
Speaker B: Thanks for having me, it's been a while.
Speaker A: I know a. We haven't caught up properly in person for a while, which is, I don't know, remiss of both of us. And also, I can't remember the last time you and I just sat down and talked on camera to talk through stuff.
Speaker B: Yeah, I don't. I think the last time we saw each other was. Was, you know, GMI a year ago, because I didn't make it this year, but I don't remember the last time we did this either. But it'll be fun.
Speaker A: Yeah. So what I want to do is I want to take people a bit down the rabbit hole that you've gone down and become bizarrely famous for, or infamous for. I don't know how that happened, but.
Speaker B: That'S where you are. Probably the latter. Probably the latter.
Speaker A: And then we'll just dig into some of why it matters and stuff, because I still see, for those of you who don't know, Brent, see him on Twitter trying to explain what is a very simple concept to an extraordinary amount of people who just don't want to hear it. But we'll come into all of that, why people don't want to hear it, all of this stuff. First, just give people a bit of your background so we can just set the stage.
Speaker B: Sure. So I've been doing this for almost 25 years now. I guess this August will be the 25th anniversary of when I started in this business. And, you know, I started at a big firm, or kind of a medium sized firm, DLJ, and then credits. I was with them for a long time. And then Credit Suisse bought DLJ, and I was with them for ten years. And I was always working in their high net worth department, managing money for high net worth individuals. And so I've always worked with individuals families. You know, I've never been, you know, an institutional guy. I was never selling to hedge funds or pension funds. And that the fact that I've always worked with individuals has kind of, I guess, for lack of a better word, influenced the way I talk about things and the way I explain things, because the people I work with, they don't read monetary policy, they don't study charts, and they don't know what a sharpe ratio is. Well, I mean, some of them might, but they're not, you know, these are very smart, very successful people, but they're not focused on finance. They're either running their businesses or they were part of an executive team that did this, or they took a company public or whatever it was, but they weren't finance people or they were financing people, but they just don't want to do it anymore because it's a pain in the butt. And so they hire me to do it for them. And so I have always had to explain things in a way that I'm not sitting on the other side of the table from another professional investor, let's say. And so a lot of times when I use terminology, it may not be, you know, it may sound funny or silly to an institutional investor who, who thinks I'm dumbing it down for lack of a better way of saying it, but I've. But I've always done that because it's helped me get across sometimes complex ideas to clients who don't want to sit there and listen to it for an hour but want to know what's going on.
Speaker A: Hey, everyone. We're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker C: Warmer, sunnier days are calling. Fuel up for them with factors no prep, no mess meals meet your wellness goals in time for summer, thanks to the menu of chef crafted meals with options like calorie smart, protein plus and keto factors. Fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. So no matter how busy you are, you'll always have time to enjoy nutritious, great tasting meals. With 35 different meals and more than 60 add ons to choose from every week, you'll always have new flavors to explore. Head to Factormeals.com Journeyman 50 and use code Journeyman 50 to get 50% off your first box plus 20% off your next month. That's code Journeyman 50 at factormeals.com Journeyman 50 to get 50% off your first box plus 20% off your next month while your subscription is active.
Speaker A: Yeah. I also think if you can't get it down to a pithy one liner, you don't understand what you're talking about.
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker A: You're in the beginning of a journey, and that's what you understand. That's okay. It's that bell curve thing. Anybody who's in the middle of the bell curve.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: They just. It just doesn't compute that you could have a whole thesis and bring it down to three. Three words.
Speaker B: Right. And so, you know, so I was always working with individual, but I was working for big institutions. You know, credit, you know, DLJ was pretty big and Credit Suisse was very big. And it was a great experience because I learned so much. And I met some really interesting people, really smart people. And not only that, but you kind of learn how the sausage is made, which kind of grosses you out at some point. And that's we. So once I kind of figured out how the sausage was made, I no longer wanted to work there. And so I left there and joined a friend of mine in San Francisco who had his own independent wealth management firm. I was there for ten years, and along the way, I set up my own company because my business had gotten big enough that I needed my own company for kind of legal reasons and marketing reasons and tax reasons. So then that's Santiago capital. And so Santiago capital is an SEC and an NFA registered, uh, you know, registered investment advisor. I'm based in Puerto Rico now. I left San Francisco a cut three years ago now, almost exactly three years ago. And along the way, you know, I met you and I met, you know, Grant and, you know, then you guys set up real vision. And, you know, that was kind of the, it was funny because that, that's when you and I kind of met, was right when you guys had met that up and then, well, you stalked me.
Speaker A: You stalked me.
Speaker B: Miami, to be exactly clear, I didn't know if you were going to make me tell that story or not, but I'll tell everybody who's new to that. So I knew who Raul was, but I'd never met him. And they had just set up real vision. And I was on vacation with my family in Miami, and I'm sitting on at an outdoor restaurant at like 09:00 at night, and this tall skinny guy walks by and I'm like, I know that guy. How do I know that guy? And I sit there and I think for a while and then I kind of forget about it. And then it hits me. It's you. So then I, so that I email him, say, hey, do you happen to be in Miami right now? And you're like, holy shit. Yeah, I am. What are you doing here? So anyway, so that's the first time we met. And I guess shortly after that, then I started subscribing to GMI and, you know, came on real vision, you know, several times.
Speaker A: Well, you've just been a part of this journey a, we've been friends for a very long time now.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And you've just been part of this whole real vision journey. So I want to go back a bit in this because there's some really important contextualization. When I met you, you were a gold bug and you were part of the circuit going around that all roads lead to gold. Something changed. What changed?
Speaker B: Well, so you were actually a part of this. And the first thing I'd say is, I'm still a gold bug. Kind of at heart, I am a gold bug. And I think once you, and you're an important part of the story for a couple of reasons, but I'll come to that. But I think once you understand how the system works, it's hard not to have an appreciation for gold on some level. Right. And without going too far back in time, coming out of the global financial crisis, I became very disillusioned with Wall street and our traditional wall Street. I knew I still wanted to do it. I thought I liked my job. I thought I could do a good job for it. I thought I could help my clients navigate the complexities of it, but I didn't want to do it for a big firm anymore. And kind of coming out of that, it actually started actually a little bit before and then got heavy during the global financial crisis. But then coming out of the financial crisis is when I realized I didn't want to work for a big firm anymore. And then as I joined my friend, the independent firm in San Francisco, it's called Baker Avenue Asset Management. I mean, they're a big firm now. They manage like 3 billion and got offices all over the place. At the time, they were, they were fairly smart. But. But I wanted to own physical gold for my clients because I thought it was an important component of an overall portfolio outside the banking system, et cetera, et cetera, for all the reasons you're already familiar with. And I think once you study how the system works, it makes sense to have a part of your portfolio as part of that. But then, I have to be honest, in 20, 1112, gold was doing very well. And it all made a lot of sense to me. 2013, we had the big correction. I wasn't completely shocked by the correction. I was surprised at how deep it went. So that was the first time I started saying, well, I still think gold is important, but you can't go all in on something. And then it was in 2014, in the summer of 2014, you put out a report and you said the dollar was going to get a lot stronger. And you were a gold, not, you weren't a gold bug, but you were bullish gold, sympathetic to gold, and you thought gold was important. We had many conversations about gold, and then you came out and you put out this big report, said, the dollar is going to get stronger. And I was thinking to myself, what's this guy talking about? I mean, he's pretty smart. He gets the gold story. How can he possibly think the dollar is going to get stronger? But then, lo and behold, the dollar went on. It's one of its biggest runs. I don't remember what the number was from DXY was. It went from 80 to 95 or something like that. I don't remember what the actual number, but it was a very big move. And somewhere in that.
Speaker A: That's why, by the way, I coined the dollar wrecking ball. I coined that, and that's now in kind of folklore.
Speaker B: That's right. That's right. That's just it. I always say you're like the original. You're the OG dollar bowl. So then it was like late 2014 or early 2015, where I kind of started thinking, well, Raul called this. That was a pretty damn good call. What did I miss? How did that happen? What was I seeing wrong? But it was still just kind of a splinter in my brain that I couldn't get rid of. And then we going into probably another year, like 2015 to 2016, I was still kind of wrestling with it. And then at some point along in that time period, I remember. Do you remember our offices in San Francisco? You came to our offices. Yeah, I remember. I was so frustrated, and I went in there on a weekend, nobody else is there, and I got a bunch of pieces of paper, and I went into the conference room and I put pieces of paper on the table, and I wrote down banks and central banks and treasury departments, and I was literally moving pieces of paper around the table, trying to figure things out as far as how money flows and where it goes and how it gets into the system and how it gets pulled out of system. And it was. It was on that day where I kind of had the light bulb moment that, you know, despite all of my beliefs that the dollar was a doomed currency, all of the other currencies were even in an even worse situation than the US. So what did I basically, up until that point, what I had basically been doing was analyzing the US in isolation. And when I went into that boardroom and I put all the pieces of paper and I put other countries on and I move it in. And it sounds silly, but just the visualization, it made me realize that I had been doing all my analysis on this side of the table, and I never really looked at those sides. And when I walked over to the other sides and I would look at it from the other side of the table, and then that's when I had the light bulb moment. Right? I was like, holy shit. I did really good analysis on the United States, but we don't live just in the United States. It's a globally interconnected world. Markets, money flows all around the world. If you analyze a country in isolation, you are doing yourself a huge disservice because it's just not an isolated world anymore. And so that was the beginning of my dollar, whatever you want to call.
Speaker A: It, opinion or viewpoint, something more profound happened. And I've gone through this in the past as well. And you went through it very clearly, which is you suddenly realize you've got to stop analyzing how you want the world to be.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: And see it for what it is. The moment you do that, it's like, oh, I'm so stupid, I was trying to impose my will.
Speaker B: Yep. Not only that, but for me it was especially, it was kind of a painful realization, because if you're managing your own money, it's one thing to put your own will on it, but if you're putting your own, I don't know, moral viewpoint or something on other people's money, you're kind of shirking your fiduciary duties to them. Because they didn't hire me for my political views or my moral views. They hired me to move the size of their portfolio up and to the right. And so I was probably from 2000, because I was very angry coming out of the global financial crisis. I probably didn't realize it at the time, but in hindsight I was very angry and I was very upset with way things happened, who got bailed out, who didn't. And so I was one of these financial justice warriors, right? And once I realized I was doing that and then that was detrimental to not only my portfolio, but my clients portfolios, it not only was a huge weight lifted off my shoulders, but it was like a veil had been pulled off of my eyes. And I just saw everything much more clear after that.
Speaker A: And we both got to, in different parts of the equation, the conclusion that things were so bad that it was actually creating opportunity and it wasn't the way people thought about it, which is the world is going to end. It's like it's so bad that everybody's entirely incentivized to not let it fall apart. That was a huge realization to me, along with the realization that I think you and I had together in discussions, was that if 87% of world trade is in us dollars and the world is 50% of GDP. No. Yeah, more 200% of GDP in debt, in dollar terms, in dollars alone, let alone currencies then the dollar is everything, and that kind of nothing else mattered.
Speaker B: And again, people don't like that, but that is reality. And people. And so once. But once you. Once you accept reality, it's much easier to get through the forest, right? Like, once you admit that you're lost, then you can kind of find yourself, right. And that that's kind of what happened to me in that. In that room that. That weekend. Like, I admitted that I meant I was. I was too far in the weeds in one space that I. I needed to get my head up above the tree so I could see the, you know, see the horizon. And once you see the horizon, everything becomes much more clear of what you need to get through the forest below. And so, you know, that is. And so along the way, you know, I came up with this thesis, this dollar milkshake theory, and it wasn't in that same day that I came up with this, but I remember when I came up with it because it was probably early 2000, late 2017, early 2018. Because actually, the first time I ever spoke about it publicly was on real vision. And it was about this time of year. It was like late May, early June of 2018. So it must have been, like early 2018, where I kind of came up with this. And again, it was one of those things where once you see it, it becomes so obvious. And part of the reason I knew I was onto something. And again, not that I have it completely figured out, and I'm not saying that I know exactly what's going to happen, but part of the reason I knew I was on the right track was because I hated the answer. Right? Again, that's the conclusion I kept coming to. Once I took my emotions out of it and was just hardcore kind of a mercenary about the data, that's just what you come to. And then you have to realize that a lot of people will say, oh, yeah, you got to put yourself in other people's shoes. And people say, okay, yeah, I get that, but you can't just go put yourself in their shoots. You would then have to think like them as well. Right? So a lot of gold bugs. And I say that. I say that lovingly because I do can still consider myself one. They will put themselves in somebody else's shoes, but then they'll go back to thinking like themselves. So, as I'll give, just to give you a quick example, if you're a gold bug and you go put yourself in the shoes of somebody else who doesn't own gold, and then this person realizes we're in a highly inflationary environment, well, then they think, okay, of course you go buy gold because you're a highly inflationary environment. But the average person doesn't know to go buy gold in an inflationary environment, or that's not the first thing that they will do. So what you have to do is you have to figure out not only, not only do you have to put yourself in their shoes, but then you have to think like them. And for most people, gold is like third or fourth or fifth thing down the list. And so that's just, that's just one simple example that once I started doing that, once I, once I saw the world as it is, and once I put myself in other people's shoes, and then once I tried to start thinking like them rather than thinking like Brent, everything became much clearer. And that, again, once you realize that that is how the system works. And, you know, as much as Europe and Asia and China and Russia, as much as they don't like the dollar, they don't want to go back to a gold standard either, because that puts handcuffs on them, right? And for them to do that, for them to de dollarize completely, then they have to give up all of these assets they have that are denominated in dollars, and they have to go through an incredible amount of pain to de dollarize. And then you realize, these are politicians. Politicians. I don't care where they are. They solve the problem right in front of them. This idea that, oh, they're long term strategic thinkers. Well, no, they have to get through tomorrow, the next day, and the next election. And if you're in China and you don't have election, well, you still have to deal with falling currencies and, you know, revolts and all kinds of stuff. So the idea that the world can just up and de dollarize because they don't like it, it's just not that simple.
Speaker A: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker B: You're a podcast listener, and this is a podcast ad. Reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from lips and ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements, or run a reproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience with lips and ads, go to lipsinads.com. now, that's Libsyn ads.com.
Speaker A: No, I mean, just the simple thing is, everyone says this about China, and I notice you fight in the good fight. And another mutual friend, Michael Nicoletes, you're trying to explain to people, it's like, okay, so the Chinese are going to de dollarize. How are they going to pay for all of the dollar debts that are in their system? Thats the entire chinese property market, most of the private sector. Theyre going to nuke it all. And so thats exactly the outcome they dont want.
Speaker B: And if they did that, if they did do that, that pushes the dollar.
Speaker A: Higher, not lower, because theres a shortage of dollars, which is something because theres.
Speaker B: An even more of a shortage of dollars.
Speaker A: Before we go into that shortage, give me the synopsis for people who don't know. I mean, it's quite a famous video, and anybody watching this just search Brent's name with doll Milkshake theory. There's some specific videos. It's become a very, very, very watched video, a very famous piece in its own right. But just give people the synopsis of what the thesis is because we kind of talked around it. It's best to give them what it is.
Speaker B: Yeah. So first thing I'm going to say is a big thank you to you guys for letting me go on and like do, because you let me go on for like 30 or 40 minutes. You know, a lot of times you go to a conference and you're on stage and maybe you talk for a minute or two, but, you know, not, not only did you give me the opportunity to kind of really explain it in detail, but that has been helpful to me as a marker because many times people have said, well, this is the dollar milkshake there. And I said, no, it's not. Go back and watch the original video. It's all laid out right there. And, you know, I, a couple months ago, I went back and watched part of it because somebody said, well, you never said this. And I said, I'm pretty sure I did. So I went back and watched. I was like, yeah, it's all laid out right there. So this is, I'm going to give you just a 1 minute synopsis of what this video says. But essentially what it said was that I thought we were in an environment where we had been in a 40 year bull market in bonds. I thought that in the years ahead, bonds would break. So interest rates would rise, bonds would fall. Because we had gotten to a point where the debts were too big. We were going to start having these many crisis that would ultimately spiral into a currency crisis. But the result of this, the result of this crisis or the result of interest rates going higher would be that the dollar would go higher versus its fiat peers that us equities would go higher again. A lot of people think when you have a crisis, equities go lower. And I said no, it will actually make equities go higher and it will make gold go higher. So basically what you had was the four specific calls were bonds go down, dollar goes up, us equities go up and gold goes up. And if you look back from 2018 until now, thats basically whats happened now. It hasnt been perfect and I havent gotten everything right, but that's essentially what's happened since then. The dollar, I think at the time the DXY was around 93 or 94 and now it's 104. So again 10% higher. That's not a huge move, but it's higher, right. Gold was around, I don't know, 13 or 1400 at that point, 1500. Now it's at 2400. Us equities at that time were around 1800. I mean 18,000. The dow was around 18,000 and now it's around 40. At the time I think the S and P was around 2200. Now it's at 4500 or whatever it is. And so it's largely played out the way I thought what has not happened that I thought would have happened. So here's the interesting thing. If you would have told me at the time in 2024 these will be the prices of these assets, I would have said, yeah, that sounds about right. I probably would have said the dollar was a little bit higher than 104. It went to 113 at one point, so I would have guessed it was higher. But the other prices I would have agreed with, thats about where I thought they should be. But what I completely got wrong was I would have said that during that time, ViX or the volume would have averaged 25 to 30 rather than 14 to 15. Right. So I would have expected an average volume to be probably double of what it actually ended up being. Now, we had that one period in 2020 where volume went to whatever it was through the roof. But by and large, the thesis has played out. And really what the thesis is, it's not a prediction of necessarily what's going to going to happen specifically. It's more a framework for how I think a sovereign debt and currency crisis would play out and where markets will trend based on the way the system is designed. Not that I want it to be like this, not that I like it this way.
Speaker A: I want to hear your words of what this is, because I also think that, and you and I have talked about this, that this is part of the everything code. It's all part of the same thing. We all kind of picked up that it is what it is, but why are these assets going up? And why is a broken system doing that? That's, I think, the thing that people don't really understand. And why is it not? Why is it affecting the US less?
Speaker B: So something that I probably forgot to mention a few minutes ago was along this journey, and I don't remember when this was, but again, it was another one of those light bulb moments. It was around the same time that I was in that conference room playing with those pieces of paper, and I realized I wasn't just looking at the US, is that at some point along the way I discovered the eurodollar market. And up until then, I probably knew it existed, but didn't really know what it was. And the fascinating thing is, since then I have talked to so many super successful, extremely wealthy, top of the industry people who still don't know what it is or that it even exists. What? The eurodollar market. It's the market for dollars outside the United States. The market for dollars, the size of the market for dollars outside the United States dwarfs the size of the market for dollars inside the United States. And so what that essentially tells you is the dollar is the world's currency. This is the currency that, and this has not. This is the other key part of it. There's two more key parts of it. The US did not impose this on the rest of the world. This was agreed to at Bretton woods. Now, I will say they're probably from time to time, if countries ever really tried to start leaving the dollar system, if the market itself didn't stop them, I do think the US, militarily or economically, would try to stop them, but they haven't made them do it up to this point. The world shows this coming out of world war two, Russia wanted to hold dollar balances in Europe, but they didn't want to hold it in us banks for the same reasons that we've seen recently. The US might take them. And so they started holding balances in Europe, and then that led to other banks doing transactions and dollars. And so, long story short, since the fifties and sixties, banks, institutions, corporations have started using and borrowing and spending a using dollars outside the United States. And so it is now the global currency. The second part of this thats very important to understand is all of the dollar debt. When I first came across the eurodollar market and then I realized they had all this dollar debt, I was like, yeah, but it sucks because they owe it all to the United States. Then I figured out they dont owe it to the United States. The US didnt lend them all this money. They lent it to each other. So it is not, and the rest of the world cannot create dollars out of thin air other than by loaning new money into existence. So it's extending credit further. So it's basically a cashless slash reserveless system. It is. And so it must grow. There is.
Speaker A: And debt is the essential function of. It doesn't operate without it.
Speaker B: Exactly. So it cannot contract. If it contracts. I mean, it can, but if it contracts, it crashes. If it contracts continually, it crashes. So it, it can contract for periods of time, but then it has to get recapitalized or new loans have to be created to get it expanding again. So again, I know this starts to get into the weeds a little bit, but we have a debt based monetary system. There is dollars that actually exist in physical form, and then everything off of that is loaned into existence. And the best way for me to explain this, especially for people who understand bitcoin or who understand gold, the reason that people like bitcoin, the reason that people like gold, is there's a finite, finite amount of it. And then they know there's all of these, you know, rehypothecations put on top of it. And when everybody starts to scramble for the actual gold or the bitcoin, that squeezes bitcoin and gold higher, right. Because there's a limited supply that's not the same with dollars, but it's the same with euro dollars. The eurodollar system, there is no, sorry, I said it backwards, there is no nothing that it can run to, except for the dollars in the US. So the US is the only entity that can create new dollars or new collateral out of thin air, other than making a loan, right? So the US Fed and the US treasury, they can create bank reserves or they can actually physically print money. That's the base money. But everything else is loaned into existence off of the base money. So if you think of the base money as the gold or the bitcoin, and the us dollar market is everything rehypothecated off of the base money, then the euro dollar market is re hypothecated off the US, right? So if you think of it like musical chairs, the base money and the, that's the chairs. The US circles around the chairs, and then the euro dollar market circles around the US. So to get to the base money, the rest of the world has to go through the us market and that is why you're not going to have a crisis in the US that doesn't end up becoming a crisis outside the system or outside the US. And it's also why when and if there is a shortage of collateral or a shortage of dollars, it happens outside the US before it happens inside the US. Because inside the US is think of like the cantalon effect, right? Whoever is closest to the money benefits from it most, and whoever is the farthest away benefits from its least. And so, you know, I don't know if that confused people or helped people understand it, but it's essentially a leverage system.
Speaker A: And that the us dollar is the most important part. And there is a structural issue with a shortage of dollars that requires the world's non us banks to issue more dollars to supply dollars. Because there's an endless shortage of paying for the dollars, right? Everyone's got to pay the interest on the dollars. The more debt there is, there's more interest payments. They don't have dollars, they can't create dollars. They either have to borrow it from the US or they have to create yet more dollar liquidity. And you raise a profound point. It took me a long time to understand it. You should reread the crisis of global capitalism by George Soros. The asian crisis. He said the crisis starts in the periphery and ends up in the core. And I didn't really understand it. Sounded very smart, so I just repeated it many times. But basically, here was the problem of the asian crisis, of these foreigners in the euro dollar market had borrowed too many dollars, their economies had started slowing, they now couldn't pay the dollars and they all blew up. Eventually, it had ended up having contagion that felt its way through the developed world, the swiss banks blew up and a whole bunch of stuff. Another thing for people to understand what you're saying is there is an expression that, again, people don't understand, because it's an expression which is when the US catches a cold, the world gets flu, or whatever it may be, the US sneezes and the world gets a cold.
Speaker B: That's right again.
Speaker A: Because even if the US doesn't know it or understand it, it is the primary operator of everything. It's part of this global reserve currency. And this is why I talk about global liquidity and why it matters so much, because it's all one.
Speaker B: It's really all that matters.
Speaker A: It's all it is.
Speaker B: It's all.
Speaker A: And when the US, last year, in 2022, started withdrawing liquidity, everybody else can withdraw liquidity from their own stuff, it's not great. Economies slow down. Stuff like when the US takes liquidity first markets fall because it's this debasement or rebasement of currency. So you're making the dollar stronger because you're taking those hard dollars out, as you said, that makes asset classes, prices fall, the dollar goes up. But then over that period, things start blowing up. First it was actually the regional banks in the US. It's not normally a us thing first, but it so happened. Then it was Credit Suisse, then it was the fucking dollar yen. It's all the same issue.
Speaker B: Well, not only that, but remember before that, before the regional banks. So the regional banks were. Happened in March of 23, right?
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: What happened in August and September of 22? ECB, the same day that they raised rates for the first time, they set up a special facility to buy italian btps because yields were blowing out in Italy. The Bank of Japan, I don't remember if it was September or August, bailed out both the JGB and the yen market at the same time. Now think about that. They're basically working across, but they had to do it because both markets were having problems and the gilts blew up. Right?
Speaker A: That's right.
Speaker B: And England.
Speaker A: That's right.
Speaker B: And that was when China's real estate market started its plummet. Right. So, but it's to your point, like once liquidity starts to be pulled away for whatever reason, you know, this was kind of the US had been that this was a pretty simple reason. They, you know, in January rates were, what? Zero? And by September of 22 they were 5% or four and a half percent or whatever the number was. I mean, that's a, that's a, that's an enormous move. And the dollar went from whatever, 100 to 113 or whatever it was. I mean, so that's a big deal. And I need to say something before I forget. This might be a little bit out of place, but I think it's important for people to understand this. The other reason that the dollar will be the last to fall is because what we're talking about is all this global us dollar debt. There is global debt in euros and yen and some other stuff, but not nearly to the size of dollars. Again, the euro dollar market swamps every other market in the world. So here's the issue. How do you deal with too much debt? You debase it, right? Kind of getting back to the year, everything code and all of this stuff. Okay, that's fine if you're debasing your own currency, but here's the thing all of these countries forget their us dollar debt for a second. They also have extreme amounts of local currency debt, right? Okay. If the us dollar gets weaker, that makes their local currencies stronger, which makes it almost impossible for them to inflate away their local currency debt because despite them trying to do financial repression, their currency is rising versus the dollar. Their euro dollar debt is becoming easier to service, but their local currency debt is becoming more difficult.
Speaker A: And so it's a see saw.
Speaker B: So then it's a seesaw. So then if they start printing them to debase their currency even more than the dollar, then their euro dollar debt becomes impossible to pay off. See, the US only has to deal with one currency. That, that's the exorbitant privilege. But the rest of the world, they either can, they can inflate away the euro dollar debt or their local currency debt, but not both. And whichever one they don't do is going to hammer them. So they're, they're in an impossible situation now. This might take ten or 20 years to play out. I don't know. But I just know that they can't win. Right. They can't win that thing because they have to do. The other countries have to debase.
Speaker A: The only way they can deal with it is somehow to create GDP growth. Yeah, that is the only answer because the interest payments get bigger and bigger and bigger. They've now got this seesaw if you're a foreigner or the US still has to debase its currency to pay its debts. And this keeps going until.
Speaker B: How do you generate GDP in the current system? You have to borrow. So this is my point. This could last for another ten or 20 years, but we will eventually get right back where we are now. Until the system is changed, the dollar will be the dominant currency in the system. And the process of changing the system I think, will be violent from both an economic and a military's perspective. And in that transition, I think the dollar goes much higher. But the point is, if these countries were able to generate GDP growth to your point, it would be as the result of the eurodollar market expanding.
Speaker A: No, not necessarily because it could be through productivity or my idea is population growth can be replaced by AI and robots. That's the only way potentially coming suddenly either. Right. That's a process.
Speaker B: Right. Right. So potentially, if, if we could get to some kind of a new energy source or productivity miracle that allows us to grow at dramatically higher rates than the debt, then you're right, I see very little evidence of this. I can't say it's not impossible. It's just, it's a low probability, in my opinion.
Speaker A: So people also need to understand is, okay, you're a global investor, the dollar is structurally getting stronger. We're not saying it spikes higher and it's like catastrophic, but over time it's endlessly bid for these problems. So if you're a global investor, where do you invest your capital? And this is the reflexivity of a dollar bill market that people don't understand. When you started saying, well, us equities are going up, they're like, you, Brent, are a fucking moron. Can't you see it's all going to crash? And you're like, no, because everybody wants that milkshake. It's the one thing that sucks in.
Speaker B: All the world's capital, especially, especially if money doesn't flow into bonds as quickly or less, or even if it flows out of bonds, because interest rates are higher, they want to generate more growth than inflation, et cetera, et cetera. So not only do you have the world's capital coming into the US, but you have money potentially leaving fixed income markets in the US for equity markets in the US. I don't know that that's going to happen continually and I don't know the extent to which it will happen at all. If it does happen, it just provides a further turbo boost on that. And so, and I think that's the, that's the biggest misconception of what the whole dollar milkshake theory is. I think a lot of people think that it's the dollar going higher. Yes, it's the dollar going higher, but that's the dollar going higher is almost a sideshow.
Speaker A: The dollar dominance, the dollar system dominance.
Speaker B: It's the dollar is the cause. Everything else is the effect. Us equities. And you invest in the effect, right? You understand the cause. It's the dollar going higher. I'm not telling people to just go sit in dollars. I've never said that. But what do you think's going to rise? And again, it's a relative game. You have to put your money somewhere, or the large global allocators have to put their money somewhere. They can't just go sit in cash and go home, right? So they have to put their money somewhere. And so you don't get fired for putting the money in the US, right? If you put all the money in the Philippines and it blows up, well, you know, you get fired, you're not going to get fired for buying Coca Cola, right? And so it's it's, it, not only is it an easy decision for them, um, that is where the kind of the global growth is. And you know, if you, if, especially if, lets say youre an australian investor and youre managing an australian pension fund as an example, and you buy a t bill that yields four or 5% and then the us dollar appreciates versus the australian dollar by lets just say 4% or 3%, 2%. Now all of a sudden you made 7% for sitting in a UST bill, right? And then if you decide to buy Coca Cola and Coca Cola goes up 10% that year and it pays a 4% dividend and the australian dollar falls 4%, now you just made 20%, right? So you do. And this is why when people will tell me fiat versus fiat doesn't matter, it absolutely matters. Unless you are a very lucky american who has never had to think in more than one currency. Not only that, but fiat versus relative, fiat versus fiat levels creates both growth and contraction, right? If the dollar is going up versus the australian dollar or you know, the indian ringgit or the ruble or whatever it is, then those dollar debts that those countries owe don't get paid. And all of a sudden you get a credit contraction. And credit contractions are what lead to 2020. It's what led to 2008, its what led to the.com. like when credit stops being expanded and starts to contract, thats when bad things happen. And the dollar going up versus foreign currencies is typically what causes the system to contract because thats the euro dollar market being starved of dollars.
Speaker A: Also, if you think of the seesaw effect of every other country having two currencies to manage and the US being the liquidity spigot, dollars in dollars, out dollars in dollars, all of the seesaws doing this is why the global business cycle is correlated. Theyre all either strengthening their currencies or weakening their currencies, which is creating elements of the cycle. The cycle is that the credit cycle, its all the same thing. This liquidity cycle is the dollar cycle is the business cycle. And it's all driven by this need for a debt based system to survive. And what we also learned, I thought as part of this whole equation is that the powers that be, the central banks and the governments completely understand the game that they're playing. Yeah, Twitter and newsletter World, which assumes they're all morons and we figured it out, is so far wrong.
Speaker B: I used to be one of those guys. I used to be one of them. I was like, these guys are so stupid because I could only think like by like myself. Once you figure out how to think like other people, and then you put yourself in their shoes and you figure out what are they trying to accomplish you. I mean, I'm not a fan of central bankers and I'm not think, and I'm not saying they're the smartest people in the world, but they are not idiots. I mean, in a weird, messed up, machiavellian way, you kind of got to appreciate what they've been able to pull off. I mean, it's really incredible. And so I think people who say the central bankers are dumb and the monetary authorities are idiots and they couldn't manage their way out of paper bag. I think you do yourself a disservice when you adopt that mindset, because these are very smart, clever people. They might not be the most moral people in the world. Its fine if you dont agree with them, but you do yourself a disservice if you think theyre stupid.
Speaker A: Preston Ive started to think about the moral dilemma of central banks. 2008 was going to be 1929, and they did something which worked, which was debasing the currency, resetting a debt jubilee. You and I stepped back ten years ago. Wed be like, theres a debt jubilee that can. And then I realized they did have a jet jubilee. It's just like, you're not paying interest payments, none of us are. Okay, that's that problem out of the way. If you think about these eurodollar markets, nobody has to pay interest rates for a while. Okay, yeah, they didn't count it in those terms, but that's what it was. And then there was the massive printing of money, which was debasement of currency. Because as you said, you've used the word collateral many times, leverage collateral. If you let the collateral shrink too much, you have to shrink the leverage. And that can be a feedback loop like 1929 that ends up destroying everything. And what they did was say, well, if we create magic money, we debase the currency. The collateral doesn't go down in, it might go down in real terms, but it doesn't go down in nominal terms. And they saved the system and they actually saved the system from, they did the complete end of the entire global debt system. And the price to be paid is costing us, call it between eight and 12% a year of debasement costs versus.
Speaker B: I don't think people appreciate how close we actually came. I think they, intellectually they know it, but I don't know that they, or they intellectually they accept it, but I don't think people really appreciate how close it actually was. I spoke to, it was in the summer of 2000, and it was still.
Speaker A: Going on until 2012. Remember the european eurozone?
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. So it was around, I think it was 2009 or 2000. It must have still been 2009 because I was still at Credit Suisse and we used, we at credit assist, we used Pershing as our, as our back office, the custodian, right? And I remember speaking to somebody, somebody in like the Persian, like in the margin department of Pershing. Imagine the margin department of Pershing in like October of 2008 or March of 2009. Any, for whatever reason, they were doing the rounds and they came out to San Francisco and they met with us. And I really, I'm not sure why they were there, because they're these back office people, but they had really important jobs. And I remember asking this guy, I said, tell me about October 2008. He said, you just have no idea. You have no idea. He said, I don't remember what the numbers were, but he was like, literally, we would see a trillion dollars leave in an afternoon, and we would see it go down and down and down. And this was like a year on from when it happened. And you could just see that the look in his eyes was just like he had, he had, he had scars from those days. It was very, very close. It was very close.
Speaker A: And so I ask people, because I see this a lot, is that central bankers are evil. I'm like, okay, what do you want? You either get slow bleed of your financial well being or they nuke it and destroy everybody. Which do you want? You've got choices. There is no third way.
Speaker B: I know that. I, for me, I mean, I'm a free market guy, so I'm just like, you don't need central banks. Let people choose whatever they want. Let the market figure it out. Right? But I've come to realize that's just never going to happen. There is always going to be a government of some size and of some kind. And once you have a government, then the government, no matter how small or how big it is, it's going to interfere in the market in some way. And even though if I want it to be one way, there are several very nice, moral people who don't want it to be the way I want it to be. And I think there's a lot of people in the gold world or in the hard money at camp or in the non fractional reserve camp who think that all the problems of the world would be solved if we got rid of fiat currency. But one of the most famous financial speeches in history is by a guy named, I can't think of his name now. He did the cross of gold speech. He was a senator from Nebraska. And it basically, when you had it, when they were on a hard money, standardization. And back during the twenties and thirties, they couldn't get any credit extended to the farmers. And so the farmers, the hardworking farmers, the guys that got up at 04:00 a.m. to milk the cows and then plowed the fields and then all of that all day long, you know, not the big Wall street types. They were getting their farms taken away. Their kids were going without food. They were, you know, they were becoming homeless. That was. And so he was like, you are not. The famous line is that you will not crucify man on a cross of golden. That's the famous line from that speech. And he was basically saying, the tight money that goes along with the tight money supply that goes along with hard money was hurting the average person and the people, the hardest working people. So there is two sides to every story. It's not so simple that you just get rid of fiat currency and all the world's ills are fixed.
Speaker A: When I look back, I think the Austrians last chance, the ability to reset the system was probably the asian crisis.
Speaker B: It was probably because everything got so big after that.
Speaker A: Yeah, because, yes, Asia had nuked anyway, right? They'd had a debt deflation, but Greenspan cutting rates then, which I understand why, because they were out of dollars and they need to let dollar liquidity. But that was probably the last size time the system was small enough to maybe have got away with it. And then after that, maybe thats wrong, but after that, it became just way too big.
Speaker B: Preston. Well, to your point, and again, some of this stuff gets very arcane. So I try to explain it in very simple terms. But for anybody that doesn't understand how the system works, I'm going to give you just a quick, like a 32nd primer, because this is key to it all, is that you have base money or you have collateral. Everything else is loaned into existence off of that. In order for the system to continue functioning, it must continue to grow, which means credit must continue to get extended. Any kind of a system that has to grow and therefore always grows will eventually become exponential. In other words, if you plot a number and you take it times 1%, and then you take that number times 1%, 1%, 1%, and you create an exponential, you graph this, it will eventually go straight up, right? And I think to your point, the asian crisis was probably when it was already coming up at a pretty good clip, but after that it probably turned straight up. And then we had 2008 and then we had 2020, and it has to grow. Now.
Speaker A: The issue is for people to understand this compounding problem that you've got is with, if GDP is great at 2%, and I make the maths easy, and interest rates are 2% and the government is 100% of GDP in debt, which is the US, that's 100% of GDP growth every year to pay the interest on the debt. The private sector is in debt. Okay? That's a problem now at world level. It just becomes a bigger and bigger problem. And then when you allow interest rates to rise, you now don't have enough GDP. So what you end up doing is having to monetize it, because if not, you get a debt deflation, which is what you've been explaining. So you create the system by which it has to perpetuate this liquidity cycle, which ends up causing assets to go vertical because of the debasement over time, which then does force people into other solutions, which is why crypto rises and stuff like that. And whether people go into gold, that forces more people into equities and less people into bonds. And the whole situation just keeps going until something changes. But here's a question I wanted to ask you. There's a group of people now would say money is broken.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker A: There is the cross of gold that was said money was broken.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker A: Is money by definition, always push and pull game where it's broken for somebody and works for somebody else? I mean, maybe that's what we're missing, that we always think in the past it was better, but it's never been better.
Speaker B: Well, this kind of gets, we start to get into a very philosophical realm, Hill, which I, which I find fascinating, by the way, because there, and here's the thing, like, in my opinion, there's a duality to money. And in my opinion, you have to be able to look at it from both sides of the table or both sides of the coin in order to get through what's coming. Because I don't think just being in one camp and the dogma associated with that one camp is going to help you survive what's coming. There's going to be moments where you need to understand things from the austrian perspective. There's going to be moments where you need to understand things from the keynesian perspective. So money, I think many people, I think many people who study money, especially to be an austrian or to be a hard money advocate, you almost have to study money. It's very hard to just understand what they're talking about unless you go study it. And the people that study money like that, they typically come to the conclusion that money is a commodity. It's the most marketable commodity. It's the one. It's the one that solves the most coincidence of once, the double coincidence of once. And it occurs naturally and you can't create more of it. And it's what the market chooses as money. The other side is that, and there's actually more history that suggests the second way is more correct than the first. There is evidence to suggest that first way is correct, but the other side is that money is whatever the biggest, strongest guy says it is. And whether he's a local governor or a warlord or the president or the prime minister or the head of the clan of the cave bear, whatever it is, right? If he says, this is what we're doing, and this is what you need to pay me in in order for me not to hit you over the head with my club, then that's what you pay him in.
Speaker A: Right?
Speaker B: And whatever that is, that becomes money. And so, you know, when you say, is money broken? Again, it depends on who you are and what you're trying to accomplish.
Speaker A: That was my point, is like, yeah, different people. It was either breaking the farmers and now it's breaking the middle class.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: It's always breaking somebody.
Speaker B: So I. Again, I know money.
Speaker A: Sorry, just thinking through this philosophically. Money, by definition, is scarce. Therefore, by definition, not everybody gets it at the same time. And every time we've tried to solve that, everybody gets at the same time. Let's call it communism. It doesn't work either because the whole system is too short of money. Because you're spreading the money thin.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker A: Or you're a. An african dictator and you're spreading the money fat. That is, one person gets it all. There's no way to move that. Scarcity. And even the study of all economics and all politics is somehow trying to figure out how much butter to spread on the bread.
Speaker B: And this is why, again, I even have a duality to it in my own self, because on the one hand, I know how I would like it to be. I would like for the market to figure it out and have no government involved. But I also know that's never, ever going to happen. And so I have to understand that while if no government existed, then maybe this is what would happen. But because the government exists, this is what's going to happen. And if you're, I think it's important to understand what free market economics would lead to. But you can't put your whole portfolio to work based on that, because we don't live in a world of free market economics. There are always going to be government influences. There are always going to be bigger players. There's always going to be the haves and the have nots. Now, of course, in a perfect society, that wealth gap or that inequality gap is a little smaller. But there's always going to be some. And truth be told, I want there to be some because I think I think that's what capitalism is, right? Capitalism is striving to create a little bit more, get a little bit of a head, you know, use your own work, your labor, your ingenuity, to, you know, catapult yourself forward. And with your, if you catapult yourself forward, then you catapult society forward. So, you know, I don't want a world that has equality. I want a world of inquality. I want equality of opportunity. But I don't want any quote. I don't want equality of everybody. And so when we get into a monetary system, I don't have the right answer. But I do know that we've reached a point where money is broken for many people. The problem is the people with the, it's not broken for the people with power. And the people with power get to decide as of now what money is. And so I think you need to understand that.
Speaker A: I think that's absolutely right. Again, it's understanding the system we're in, not the system you want. I see this a lot in, particularly in bitcoin, which is as equally hardline as the gold community.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And they're very proud of a deflationary money, but it's very, very difficult to operate any system with a deflationary money because it just creates hoarding.
Speaker B: Without saying, I actually think you. Yeah, I think you probably at least for a period of time, and maybe that period of time gets worked out over time, and then it becomes a better system. But for a period of time, a deflationary currency would actually increase inequality as opposed to decrease it.
Speaker A: Raoul I agree. And it's a matter of how much you hold of it, because you get richer every year in purchasing power terms. It also just sucks money out the system. So that's not perfect in itself. For it to exist, for gold to exist as ways out, even to build a new system on, that's okay. But I don't think you're ever going to get around the issue. I don't think, and we've seen it. One of the things, the observations about the crypto market was exactly the same as the gold market. In fact, I just copied it from the gold market, was that we are humans and we love leverage. If you give us something that has collateral value, we will create leverage on it and make the supply inflationary. It is what we do for a living, but just as human nature. And so we will recreate that. Even if we went back to a gold standard tomorrow, we would just leverage the shit out of it until it blew up.
Speaker B: That's why gold standards eventually fail, because you leverage it until it breaks. So I've said this many times, all the currency pegs to the dollar are going to break because all pegs always break eventually. And it's because of leverage. That's why pegs eventually break is because to your point, humans are going to leverage it. I mean, it's a tale as old as time.
Speaker A: So one of the things you and I have talked about is that, look, the other thing people don't understand is the dollar is cyclical. So just because you're talking about a strong dollar over time doesn't mean it goes up and down the business cycle. But you and I kind of have this belief for a long time that the DXY gets to a crazy level. And it may be at some point so painful that they have to try something larger and more structural to contain it.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker A: Whether they succeed with that, neither of us know. I don't even have a strong view, but they will. We will get to that point where the DXY is at 150 or 180 or whatever it is, and the world's going to have to say no mos.
Speaker B: Right? Yeah. Well, and I think that. I think that is what it will take, that level of pain for the world to come together and figure out what's next. Because until then, I don't think it's fixable by one party. I think you need to. Everybody needs to agree. If this could be solved without pain, it would have already been solved. And I think this is probably a good point for me to say this. I think there's a lot of people out there who think that. I don't think the DXY can fall, that I don't think it's possible. Listen, the DXY can go to 95. I mean, if the Fed wants it at 82, they can probably get it to 82. The point I would make is all this does is extend the current system. The dollar falling to 80 does not kill the system. The dollar falling to 80 perpetuates it. And I think eventually, when and if this system ever changes, it will be because the dollar is, now, to your point, going to 100, 3141, hundred, 5180, whatever the number is, because it takes pain to get stuff like this done. And if the dollar goes in 90, assets are going to be flying. Where's the pain there?
Speaker A: To sum this up, I think the key point people struggle with is, yes, you believe the system is broken. You can see it, and you know why it's broken. And, yes, it's an indebted system, but that makes the dollar the most attractive global asset. And I think the key point is, and therefore, just accept that it is. And you can make better investment decisions without trying to fight anything.
Speaker B: This is very key. Its fine to want to try to change the world. I think thats admirable. I think its a worthy cause. And if thats what youre into, go for it. All Im saying is, if youre investing your portfolio based on that, or if youre investing somebody elses portfolio based on that, you may hit some very rough roads along the way. When it comes to managing your portfolio, or especially if you're managing somebody else's portfolio. You need to manage the world as it is, not as you want it to be.
Speaker A: William, I think that's a perfect place to end, because I think it's. I know it sounds easy, but it's a profound statement that it took you and I decades to figure this out. We've both gone kind of an interrelated, but also independent journey of coming to the realization to see the world as it is now. I think I'll leave on this one note is watch Stan Druckenmiller. He's an awful bear of everything. He thinks the world is totally fucked. His portfolio looks nothing like his worldview almost ever.
Speaker B: I need to make one final point, because you brought it up. That's perfect. Because just because he wants something to be some way, he might have his portfolio look dramatically different. And he often does. The last thing I'll say, just for people who are new to this concept. You touched on Druckenmiller. Well, it was Druckenmiller and Soros who put on the famous imperial circle trade. The dollar milkshake is essentially the ultimate imperial circle. You have high rates in the most important economy in the world. And you have the government doing an incredible amount of fiscal spending. In the most important economic economy in the world. And that makes the dollar go higher, and counterintuitively that makes us assets go higher with it. So if you want a different explanation than what I'm getting, just go on Google and type in imperial circles, Soros or Druckenmiller and it'll be a better explanation.
Speaker A: Fantastic. Brent. I knew it was going to be a great conversation.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's fine. We need to do it again.
Speaker A: Always. And I'm sure they'll be fighting in the comments section for months to come.
Speaker B: Absolutely.
Speaker A: All right, my friend. Good to see you.
Speaker B: All right, you too, buddy.
Speaker A: I hope you have a greater understanding of Brent's thinking because it is very important and I happen to believe it is correct. We don't have all the same conclusions. We even think some of the causes and effects may be different, but conceptually the framework is the same and I deal with it in certain ways and Brent will deal with in other ways. Ive distilled it all down to the simplicity of theres only two secular trends on earth that outperform this debasement technology and crypto, and crypto outperforms technology. So thats the best bet. Thats how ive got to it. But Brent manages diverse portfolios for people, unlike me, who appreciate and can take the risk. Investors are more protecting their wealth and they don't need or want to do that, and that's fine. But I think follow Brent on Twitter because he's always arguing this case. And you'll see what I find useful about following Brent, apart from the fact he's a great friend and I love how he thinks. It's the answers and the tweets that are addressed to him that I think are really interesting. People's anger with the system they take out on their assets, which is weird. You should never do that. Our job is separate. You can be very angry at the system, you can vote against it, you can develop new things, you can do anything. But our job is also to get through this and unfuck our future. And that's the purpose of that. And talking about unfucking your future, these kinds of conversations, this is what makes real vision, real vision. This show, the journeyman, is just a small part of what we do. The whole point of real vision is to give you the knowledge, the tools, and then the network of people to connect with, to talk about these ideas, to share ideas, to share trade ideas, to share observations of the world, AI to help you make sense of it all. If you want to understand what's going on in the eurodollar market, just ask the AI how does it work? If you want a summary of this piece, because it's very important to understand the dollar milkshake theory, just click on the notes section, create yourself a note, make it public. Let other people comment. There's the chats section as well. The macro chats and crypto chats get involved. It's here to help you in your journey of unfucking your future. So just it's free. Just go to realvision.com. i beg you to do that if you enjoy these shows. This is just a fraction of what we do. This is me showing off some of my journey, but the journey of real vision, that's a hell of a story. Anyway, I'll see you on real vision. Take care.
Speaker C: We hope you enjoyed this episode. At real vision, we arm you with expert knowledge, time efficient tools, and a powerful network to help you succeed on your financial journey. Get a taste of financial freedom with our free offer@realvision.com. free. That's realvision.com free.
