Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30. 30 baby get 30 baby get 20. 2020 baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month, so give.
Speaker A: It a try at Mint mobile.com switch.
Speaker B: $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker C: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance. Join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten. That's podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Now to the top analysis of today's crypto markets.
Speaker B: FDIC, treasury and the Fed step in with emergency action after the failure of two more banks, SBB and signature us stock markets opened half an hour ago. Looks like most major indices are fractionally higher on a percentage basis. Crypto markets have been rallying. Welcome to this special edition of Real Vision Crypto Daily briefing. I'm Ash Bennington. If you're thinking what the hell is going on after waking up this morning, this is the perfect place to find out. I'm joined by a stellar panel of guests. Real Vision CEO and co founder Raoul Pell is with us. Angie Lau is co CEO of Forecast Labs and editor in chief of Forecast News. And Chris Whelan is chairman of the Whalen Global Advisory Group. Welcome to the show, everyone.
Speaker C: Great to hear us.
Speaker B: Ash, Raoul, I know we have you for a very limited time. You're joining us from Austin, Texas, where you're at south by Southwest. Let's not waste it. Give us the 50,000 foot view of what's happening since Friday and tell us why we're talking about this on a crypto show.
Speaker C: Ralph yeah, so there's a number of levels here. I'll try and keep it short because I'm sure Chris revert into much more detail because he's much more experienced than I am. But what is going on is there's been a flight of deposits leaving the smaller banks in the banking system that amalgamated in Silicon Valley bank and signature bank going under over the weekend. But an ongoing run on the banking system now, a run now is changed somewhat. Obviously, the authorities have stepped in and said that they will guarantee depositors and also help with a mismatch of duration, which is banks borrow short and lend Lowell, but their bonds portfolios are underwater, even though they've just invested in treasuries. And if depositors leave, they have to unwind some of that part, which is the long part, and they're underwater. So suddenly they create these huge losses. And that's the systemic problem that's going on now. What was happening is people were being incentivized to flee because they're seeing what's going on, wondering, am I going to get my deposit back? So the answer is go through a different bank. Jake B. Morgan wins the world as everybody moves over. So they tried to stop that, saying, hey, listen, your deposits are safe. So they've kind of underwritten the entire banking system and also underwritten these mark to market losses as deposits leave the system. Okay, all well and good. The issue is here is it's ongoing. This is not resolving the real problem, which is the deposits are still leaving the system. They're leaving the system for two reasons. One is economic slowdown, so everyone draws down on their cash balances over time. And secondly, the small banks are offering half a percent interest rates on deposits and cds are offering 5%. So money just goes to the cds. And so that's deposits leaving the system. And this continues. And the reason why deposits are half a percent and not 5% is the yield curve is so inverted, so therefore they cant borrow short lend Lowell so they have to kind of falsely create a yield curve where its half a percent so they can then lend it out. So thats the problem that theyre facing. And thats why the banks remain under pressure today, because actually the issue is here strip out all of the idiosyncratic risks from all of the banks, is the yield curve is too inverted for the banking system to make money. The share prices remain under pressure and the depositors keep leaving. So what we end up with is negative equity in the banking system. So it's a bigger problem than people understand. My entire view here is that they're going to have to steepen the yield curve and cut rates and probably do QE as well. So I think that's on the cards to come. I know everybody thinks inflation is sticky. I think banking crisis is the single most important marker of deflationary process and is deflationary in its own right because bank lending reduces rapidly, so that slows down the economic growth. Also, jobs, people start getting laid off because there's no access to capital. So all of that process is underway. Why does it matter for crypto? So it's a bit of a soliloquy here, but why does it matter to crypto? The crypto market is driven by, well, firstly, this is part of this choke, .2.0 where anybody who has access to the crypto market, any bank, goes under, but it's much bigger than that. So they think it's going to be that. And it looks like it's a smart move. They can get signature bank out and Silicon Valley bank and Silvergate bank out, but the actual issue is the next one is Republic or First Republic or whoever it's going to be. Right, because they've all got the same problem. So it's actually a system wide issue. So, okay, if they're blocking crypto out of the system, and this is the banking system creaking at the seams, why is crypto rallying? Well, pretty straightforward. You can't get your money out. We've seen this periodically, and that tends to keep money in circulation within that system. But secondly, crypto is a function of liquidity, and it's forward looking. I've been saying this for a long time, is the crypto markets figured out that, and much like the long duration assets of technology figured out that the Fed will have to pivot at some point. And that Fed pivot is positive for whether it's money supply growth or the Fed balance sheet over time. And that's why crypto does quite well in this environment and tends to out before. We saw similar. When the Fed stopped in 2018, December 2018, the next year, crypto was up 300%. Equities were up, technology was up 25%. The s and P was up 15%. So net net, there's a negative force of this forcing people out of crypto. There's a massive negative issue with what's going on in the banking system, and that will continue until they start cutting rates aggressively. And it's positive for risk assets over time, because more. Calville.
Speaker B: Raoul, I know you only have a few minutes with us, and we're going to speak with Chris and Angie shortly, but I wanted to just get to your reaction on two point market based measures that we're looking at right now. Two things that you alluded to. First, I'm looking at two year treasury yield, my God, 100 basis point swings. This is not normal for folks who only watch equity markets. This is not typically something that happened. Another point that you mentioned there, First Republic Bank FRC gapping down massively at the open some 70%. This was trading. This was trading, looks like on my screen going back a couple of days, midweek, early last week, around $120. Trading right now at my screen at $24. Reaction to what's happening in Treasuries and what's happening to these banks that seem to have similar exposure based on the market reaction row?
Speaker C: Well, the markets figured out the issue, which is that even if you underwrite the depositors, the problem still remains. Hence the cre index keeps going down. All the banks index, the regional banks, so that doesn't stop. And the two year treasuries are like, yeah, you've screwed this up. Rates are too tight, and that has to get unwound, because there's nothing like a banking crisis to tell you where the rates are, the wrong level. I mean, it's classic stuff, right? We've never seen a banking crisis without a rate cut ever in history. So that's, you know, that's, that's what the market's figured out very fast, is that strip away all of the noise, rates are too high for the banking system to deal with.
Speaker B: Well, I know you've got to run, but I want to ask you one other quick question. Since this is a crypto show, could this be the moment that folks, particularly in the bitcoin community, have been talking about, where we see digital assets begin to become an alternative, at least at some level, or a flight to quality play, an off the grid storage mechanism, the digital e gold use case that so many bitcoiners are so passionate about. Could this be that moment?
Speaker C: Well, look, I first got into bitcoin in 2013 for this very reason, because I lived the european banking crisis, which is very similar to this. And we realized that nothing we owned in banks was ours. And even if they backstop the system, it backstops it with monetary printing eventually. So that lowers the value of your assets over time. So you're trapped into this. So bitcoin was the answer that I saw then, and that's why I got into the whole thing at that time. That case is still here. Now, they have guaranteed the deposit base, so it's not as obvious that you're going to lose your money by keeping it in the banking system. So it's not a no brainer, but the understanding that to offset what they're doing, there's always a payment for something. Here, an eventual payment comes down. The line is that it'll end up on the fed balance sheet, and all monetary easing, and therefore scarce supply assets tend to do better. And so crypto does well. So, yes, I mean, it's exactly what it was built for. I mean, don't forget in the white paper itself was the thing about the governors bailing out the banking system. Again, these aren't bailouts, but they're still a use of monetary policy to paper over cracks in the banking system, which still comes down to the one thing is we have too much debt in debt. When youve got too much debt, you end up with rolling crises of different types. And crypto had created its own crisis by creating leverage on top of itself, which is a dumb thing at an 80 volts asset. But at core, if you can just take an asset and stick it like you can with gold and you can with essentially t bills and treasury direct, you're safer. But treasury direct, the value of your, the purchasing power of your dollar over time due to the effects of the increase in balance sheet are reduced. And therefore you want to be in things that don't get reduced in value as more money comes into the system.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's always the leverage. This is what crypto is built for. This is what real vision is built for. Raoul, I know you've got to jump to some Texas meetings. Final thoughts before we lose you.
Speaker C: Yeah, this is exactly, we've been doing this whole series of how to unfuck your future. The part of why the future is so screwed up is because of the leverage. And the leverage is a function of demographics. The leverage is a function of a number of things that we've gone through on real vision. The point being is digital assets have a role within this. They're not for everybody, but this is a crypto show. So a lot of people watching this are actually interested. Other people will find other ways to navigate this. Some people will traditionally use gold, and that should be fine, too. So keep your eye on the situation as it evolves. Not your keys, not your coins. Keep everything as you can out of the system. Realize that they tried to close the fiat on ramps and off ramps as well to crypto because that's another part of this whole equation. So just make sure you're all set up and carefully balanced for what comes out.
Speaker B: And ral, appreciate you. Appreciate you joining us from the road.
Speaker C: Yeah. All right, guys, have fun. Thanks a lot. Take care.
Speaker B: Thanks, Raoul. Let's bring in Angie Lau and Chris whaling. Chris, let's start with you. Your reaction to what Raoul has said.
Speaker D: Crypto. The federal bank regulators have basically decided to make it illegal to use crypto in the United States, at least insofar as it has a connection with banks. So its nice to talk about this, but I know a lot of people in the crypto community, I know some of the biggest players in fact, and most of them are transitioning other strategies because you either have to move offshore totally or you have to deal with the onshore reality. If you look at both, the signature, unfortunately in Silvergate, in each case, once the regulators made it clear that they view crypto as an unsafe and unsound banking activity, the people in the industry got to back away. That's it. They have no choice. As far as the rest of it. The dollar was the original crypto asset, if you really think of it, and I think that sure there are going to be more, yes, but I see crypto as mostly surviving offshore as a means of exchange for countries that dont have currencies. I have a lot of friends in the emerging world who use bitcoin as their dollar, but then you have a lot of the emerging world that is indexed to dollars now. Its really quite striking how the dollar has taken over so many countries and effectively dollarized them, other than the fact of getting rid of their own currency, Uruguay. My wife is from Uruguay. Everything in Uruguay is indexed to dollars other than the local currency. But the US is responding, as you might expect, to this mess. They did not anticipate it. Nobody asked Jay Powell about banks last week. Nobody heard him mention the word bank. They were clearly flat footed. And you can see this because FTIC didnt have time to sell the banks. They had the stand up bridge banks, which is something from the 1930s, during the 2008 crisis and after the FDIC sold almost 500 banks, and only in a couple of instances did they have to set up a temporary bank to just catch the depositors the next business day. So this indicates you have fast. Things are moving. The short sellers were working on Silicon Valley bank for two months, spreading rumors about the institution, and that caused, obviously the business customers of the bank to flee. And I think Grewell said it very well with respect to small banks. That's what's going on. But honestly guys, the Fed should buy back every single security that was issued in 2020 and 21. This is their problem. Janet Yellen did this. I'm astounded that woman still hasn't resigned. I really am. Don't let her on television again. By the way, someday was close to a disaster. Having her on tv without a plan, that was a really bad idea.
Speaker B: Hey everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited premium wireless. Everybody to get 30, 30, better get 20. $2020 15. Just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try@mintmobile.com.
Speaker B: Switch $45 up front for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot. Yeah, Angie, Chris's comments there, obviously very sobering. This morning you were both a crypto native and a resident of Asia. From those two perspectives, what are you seeing?
Speaker E: I just want to follow up on both Chris and Rahl totally agree that one of the biggest things when we see about this crisis, and it truly is a crisis, is there is a nature of self fulfilling prophecy here, just in the same way that we don't want to talk about recession publicly and then it absolutely happens post global financial crisis, we saw that there was a lot of fear based there. There's a difference when the institutionals and the governments, very specifically, to Chris's point, must have a very disciplined language here. And one of the biggest signals is President Biden coming out today with public remarks to not only the us public, but to the world about the credibility and the functionality and the stability of the. What I heard was the us banking system that the FDIC had to, that it was safe, the depositors monies were safe, that politically he had to throw in, that no taxpayer dollars would be used here. This is, as Raoul and Chris very accurately say, and I absolutely, whether or not people agree to the sentiment is this is not an isolated incident. This is not going to be cleaned up. I think the pause button has been pushed, and that is a very, very important pause button. But it is certainly not the kind of backstop that we hope will arrest this series of events. What we're seeing internationally, to Chris's point, is absolutely true. In Asia for the past decade, got their post financial crisis. We saw the rise of asian economies on the heels of that. But through quantitative easing, there was a lot of money flushed into the global economy. The only reason why global financial crisis recovered within a short period of time, frankly, was through, yes, austerity programs in Europe that triggered another set of series of crises. But in Asia, it was also not necessarily the quantitative easing, but the helicopter money that we saw in Japan and certainly the monies that China put into the global economy. That inflated the recovery at a speed which was artificial, quite frankly, and inorganic. But on the heels of that, that is our capital system. And how ironic that it took a authoritarian regime to dump money into the global economy to help it recover. But we saw a lot of growth there. We're also seeing how this eventually catches up to you. Whether or not it is that resolution or the quantitative easing. It's all catching up to us right now. It all boils down to trust. And when President Biden has to come out and say that the FDIC is going to make sure that the depositors dollars are safe, it does bring huge concerns into the wider banking industry. Now, the issue is, if everybody draws out their money, the whole system is done. But that's the point. Everybody needs to participate. This is our turn to pay our tax. Ok? It's not every man for himself. We are living in a very interconnected global economy, and crypto is an integral part of that.
Speaker B: Angie, very important comments, particularly from a global perspective, on how this crisis is unfolding. I wanted to go back to Chris for one moment. Chris, we appreciate you beginning this conversation by talking about crypto. This is a crypto show for folks in the crypto community. You are one of truly the world's leading experts on the us banking system. Let's go back to last night. Your reaction to the joint statement from the Treasury Department, FDIC and the Fed. Give us your thoughts on the actual mechanics of how this bailout has been executed.
Speaker D: Well, they're doing what you would expect, which is that it? If you have a sudden surprise, you have to deal with it with liquidity. William McChesney Martin said, you lend in London, lend until the crisis goes away. I would disagree with Ianji. The balance of cash flows in and out of China and in and out of the United States are very different. The fact that China recycled dollars at that point in time is interesting, but the overall destruction of value inside the chinese system is monumental. I mean, belt and road, all the rest of it is put China in a position now where they have to limit outflows. They are kind of heading back down to the nadir, if you think of it. You have political tightening. You have a campaign against corruption, all the rest of it. And that indicates that the system is running out of cash. Eventually they'll reopen and let the cash back in. Remember, they were allowing people to invest all over the world for years. So don't necessarily take the ebb and flow of cash, either from Japan or China, as indicative of anything. And in the US, what we're going to see is that the Fed is not going to restart Qe so much, but they're going to have to buy back all of those Ginny Mae twos, and they even own some one and a half that nobody wants and nobody can own because they're points underwater this morning so far, is it a 5%? So if you have a Ginnie Mae two and you're paying almost 6% for money today, to the earlier point Raoul made about deposit costs, well, nobody wants this paper, so the Fed is going to have to buy it back from the banks, and they're going to have to admit that quantitative easing, the early parts, were necessary and good. But really, from 2012 on, this was progressive, wishful thinking that this would somehow help employment. Janet Yellen was pounding the table, saying inflation is too low. To me, this past ten years has been a walk. We've been sleepwalking. We have lost our bearings in terms of how we run our economy, and we've allowed ourselves to do ridiculous things. And it's like that line and gladiator when Russell Crowe says to the roman emperor, the time for honoring yourself is rapidly coming to an end. And I think in the US, we're going to have to go back to basics. It's not so much austerity, but we got to stop behaving like drunken Argentines. That's the problem. We need to have serious people in positions of authority and responsibility in our government, and we don't have that. We have other crises, by the way, that are bubbling away right now in the mortgage market, and there is nobody in the Biden administration who has the capacity to deal with things. So whether you talk about the fed or the treasury or any of these other agencies, we have people that don't know what they're doing. And that's the biggest concern. And it's going to help crypto, by the way.
Speaker B: Our audience will love to hear that. Chris, you just unpacked a case that's very serious in terms of broad based master.
Speaker E: Correct, Chris, on one of my points, though. So if, Chris, if you had listened to what I said, the artificial dumping of money, everyone is paying this back right now. China and even Japan right now are. So it's absolutely, we're seeing the after effects of this dumping of money. Okay. You're absolutely right. Mark Mobius can't even get his money out. I've existed in that banking system, quite frankly. Yes. Excuse me, but this is also.
Speaker B: Excuse me. 1 minute, please. Can we give a little bit of context from the Mark Mobius story for folks who may not be familiar with it. Mark Moebius has long been a China bull and there have been some challenges. Now let's give us the context on that for people who may not know.
Speaker E: Yeah, so Mark Moebius, father of emerging markets and really a legend in this space, created the inroads of investing into emerging markets. And what is remains very bullish, created that entire market of which a lot of us participate. And by us, I mean anyone who is in the investment world, anyone who is an investor. These are products that are now top shelf products. But once upon a time, they absolutely were not. That one could say that he was the father of emerging market investing and he has kept, obviously, some of his personal wealth in the chinese banking system and now has difficulty getting it out. And what does that mean? That means that the bureaucracy and the administration restricts him. That capital outflow issue is 100% an issue, people. The reason why, the reason why, side point, China has banned crypto is one of these reasons, is because this was an exit rail for a lot of chinese residents to try to get their money out of the domestic system. It is highly restrictive and even for foreign national like Mark Mobius, with domestic dollars in China, he is only experiencing what everybody experiences in China, which is, it is hard to get your money out, especially if China decides that that's not what they want you to do. And so apparently, according to latest reports, one of the reasons why he can't get his money out is because he has not been, he's been requested to produce 20 plus years of how he made his money that got into that bank account. Well, I better start my paperwork for my six year old right now. But I also don't have.
Speaker D: But when you saw chinese issuers rushing off to Switzerland, which is a crappy market, to do financing, it tells you that the us sanctions are starting to bite. My fear is we're going to see a cash crisis in China later this year and that'll be the roaring finale of months of financial instability that started in the US. Wouldn't that be Iran?
Speaker B: Angie, thoughts?
Speaker E: I think we are beyond irony. I think it would be devastating. And for the entire global market, lets not mistake ourselves and think that we are living on an island protected by many. In fact, we are nothing except potentially the parallel system that is called crypto. But it has been hobbled by events outside the technology and through greed and fraud. So that aside the crypto industry, the technology itself is a very interesting parallel system that potentially could be an exit ramp and or protective kind of layer on top of. We are a very interconnected world. The fact that Asia adoption in crypto is by far the highest in the world, including Latam as well, should give us pause as to why and why there is a critical importance to crypto, because these banking, Latin America, very specifically the banking system is, I mean, for lack of a better word, a joke. The 300% interest rates for standard transactions of regulated banks to its businesses is beyond prohibitive and a joke. It is onerous and it is draconian. And so you have a lot of adoption of cryptocurrencies in these areas, in emerging markets in Asia, you're seeing this type of adoption through. Yes, it's outside the us system. There is a high sophistication of banking services and systems in some countries, certainly not in all. And when you saw the emergence of cryptocurrency in China, the miners who were there, the early adopters, Vitalik Buterin, that can really thank China for the survival of Ethereum. In the early days, the nodes that were coming out of China, this is reflective of a people crying out for some alternative, but because they are living in a system that exists also for its constituents, but maybe doesn't necessarily, but top central.
Speaker B: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real vision crypto daily briefing. I need to jump in here for a minute because I know Chris has got to leave us in a few. Obviously, the context you provided here, invaluable for global markets, emerging markets, asian markets in China, specifically Asia. I want to turn this conversation back, though, to the balance of the time that we have, Chris, to what's happening in the United States. Obviously, Chris, you made some very sobering remarks about the position that the United States finds itself in from a much broader macro perspective than simply the challenges that we're having with the banks right now that have been listed in that statement, signature and as SBB, specifically. SBB. Excuse me, specifically, Chris, give us the context here for where we are from a broader macro perspective, because I found your comments, quite frankly, chilling in terms of where the us economy is headed.
Speaker D: I think interest rate hikes are done. The structural changes that the Fed made to the bond market, which are now infecting the banks, are just beyond the pale. They can't do this. And I think they're starting to come to grips with it. I have been speaking to people in the government all weekend, mostly the professional career bureaucrats, by the way, who are trying to hold the system together, and they're going to do the right thing. They're going to support the banks. The FDIC, which is essentially a mutual insurance scheme for the banking industry, is going to end up paying the net costs or if theres losses on any bank takeovers, the industry is going to pick up the tab as they did in 2008. Other than in Citi, they basically paid the entire freight. Thats as it should be. But the Fed needs to take responsibility for the portion of this that has caused this crisis. And I think what are big picture, it means a fight against inflation is basically over. They will probably end up having to drop short term rates. As Raul said, you always have to do that in a situation like this. And then they'll probably leave rates where they are, which is not great. That is not a good thing either for stocks or bonds. But I think honestly, it's probably a more stable formulation than just rushing in and driving rates back down. That's going to cause problems, too. Imagine the margin calls you would see if we had a real decline in interest rates. I don't think the street could take that, having already been traumatized on the way up. So what I'm hoping for is that they're going to learn from their mistakes and they're going to start trying to take volatility out of the equation. If we could go a few years without seeing the Fed raise or lower interest rates more than 150 basis points, then the system can fix itself. But like the 1930s, what are we doing today? We're buying time. That is the key. We are trying to buy time for banks and others to get ahead of this so we don't have a deflationary spiral. I don't think that's going to happen. I think they're going to throw money at this until the problem goes away. But listen, guys, have a great day. It's wonderful to talk to all of you. We'll have to do it again.
Speaker B: Chris, I hope we can do it again soon.
Speaker D: All right, be well.
Speaker B: Angie, let's go back to you talking about the context of where we are here in the US. Are you following the story that Chris just articulated in terms of the broader macroeconomic picture here in the United States and its potential ramifications for the US economy, and therefore through those channels to the crypto ecosystem?
Speaker E: What's happening in the US is very concerning, and the interest rate environment has been something that has been rippled out through the international community. Obviously, a lot of countries peg their currencies to the US dollar, which means it is basically having to incept the Federal Reserve policy into its own economy, whether or not it makes sense or not. So whether or not there's high inflation or lack thereof in certain countries, let's say that there is not. And yet now we're depressing the economy to slow down the circulation of use of currencies in a country that actually is already hobbled and is in a recessionary mode. That's also very dangerous. So these are formulaic equations that have ripple effects, there's no doubt. And I think the other important part is, quite frankly, what has happened with Silvergate and. And signature bank. These are two large crypto serving banks for the world, not just in the United States, but for the industry, and in a very disintermediated, decentralized community. It seems that there is a level of irony where we are decentralized and yet we still need to get banked. But the truth is, that needs to happen. These are very interconnected worlds that need to be supported. And potentially the institutionalized and regulated world is only starting to wake up to the importance of that today. The fact is, if projects around the world, and there are many across Asia, that are immediately hobbled by the inability to access funds and the inability to actually use credit facility and do payroll, this is a really critical juncture in the industry. So we could talk about circulation of money all we want. The macro economy is made up of businesses. It's made up of people and businesses and ideas. We talk about leverage as a financial function. Okay? But we're leveraging hard work and talent from nothing to build up into something. That's leverage. We're leveraging our own talent and productivity. That's leverage. That's real leverage. But both need to exist.
Speaker B: Yeah, very well said, Angie. In terms of the broader context of the way economies are built up, structured and function. I wanted to take a look amid all of this at some of what's happening right now in the crypto markets. With all the chaos ensuing, cryptocurrency actually rallied, as we said at the top of the show that started even before the Fed's emergency action, which may be a bit counterintuitive to people who are watching. The total crypto car market cap right now is up about 11% on Coingecko. So materially that means it's back above that critical psychological $1 trillion mark. Bitcoin has rallied 20% since the Friday low of 19,600, all the way up to 23,500 right now, it's up about 14% on a 24 hours basis. Bitcoin has now turned positive on a trailing seven day basis. You know, this is interesting. You do wonder to what extent this is a regime shift in the way that markets view crypto. Is it a safe haven trade? Is it finally, this question of, of digital asset markets becoming the off the grid value store that many people in the space, particularly bitcoiners, believe they were intended to believe? Or is this a challenge with on and off ramps and the inability of investors to access money? Is it a switch over from USDC into bitcoin? Lots of open questions we're going to be exploring in the days, indeed the weeks to come. I also wanted to talk about ether. Ether hit a high of $1,650. It's up some 12% over the past 24 hours. So you could say they're more of the same, similar percentage trading relative to bitcoin. Obviously, a broad based rally on all that we have happening in markets, in global macro, in finance, and in the regulatory and oversight aspect of what's been the response from governments here in the United States to this banking crisis. I wanted to check in with a couple of our questions from viewers. We've got a lot of them coming into us right now. Andrew, do you have a couple of minutes to hit some of these?
Speaker E: Of course. Of course. All the time in the world for you, Ash.
Speaker B: We've got two very similar questions here about the on and off ramps. The first one comes to us from chuck on the real Vision website. What are the on off ramps from Fiat to crypto for those in the US? The second comes from Don Bryant on YouTube. Is the Fed shutting down crypto on off ramps? And you want to talk about what's happening in terms of on off ramps here in the US?
Speaker E: Well, I think it's getting more difficult to the day. I mean, especially as SBB went down, there was exposure to circle $3.3 billion hole that has been made. That from the FDIC trifecta announcement with the treasury and the Fed basically put a stop to that. So now we're seeing a recovery in USDC. So that on ramp and then that very important on ramp. On ramp. Off ramp is still somewhat stable. And so that avenue and that bridge is still an opportunity for people. But look, it is. We are an integrated world. This is not a parallel system that lives and exists on its own. We are the bridge. The humans are the bridge. The investors are the bridge. You are the bridge. And what we're looking for is an opportunity to get in and out with ease. That's what Silvergate did. That's what signature bank provided for a lot of firms and SVB as well, in terms of providing that banking and holding solution. So that's critical. But also to your point, Ash, bitcoin up binance is also saying that it's going to convert a billion dollars worth of its stable coin to bitcoin, ETH and other tokens. So there's no doubt liquidity is coming into the market. But is it? What kind? Is it the kind where we want to see the adoption coming from the outside in? It is circulating internally within this ecosystem right now.
Speaker B: Yeah. What kind and under what circumstances? I think that's extremely well said. Important to point to precisely the two banks that you mentioned there, Silvergate and now signature bank being major on off reps. I would also talk, when we're talking about this question of on off ramps, about the regulated exchanges here in the United States, Coinbase and Kraken specifically. We know we had comments from the SEC staying stating just because your crypto exchange says it's a qualified custodian doesn't mean it is. That's a story that we're going to be watching closely as it continues to develop. Let's do one more question here. This one comes from Keolani on YouTube. And the question to you, Angie, is, is this the great reset?
Speaker E: I really hope not. 2008 was a reset. We have been stumbling and hobbled. I don't think the great reset is going back to Great Depression era. So let's try not to hope for that. I'm not saying that anybody is. But the great reset, I hope, and I'll redefine the great reset of should be in the thinking, should be in the intellectual honesty of what's happening in the banking system. And instead of outsourcing, and this is what I love about real vision and forecast readers in our ecosystem here, is because no one has outsourced the thinking to any one institution, to any one entity, to any one thing. In fact, there is a very real hunger to learn and to understand. And so I hope for the greater macroeconomy, it is a great reset in terms of the intellectual honesty of how we want to function as a global entity that we cannot just call crypto drug infested den for terrorists and terrorist financing. I mean, the falsehood that is, it's funny, except gets repeated back at a level which is, do you understand that it's parroting somebody else's interest in book and the great reset, I hope, is that there is an understanding that both systems need to coexist in a healthy way and not hoping to win the business of a bank and the competitor because it's self serving to do so. The unintended consequences of that is what we're seeing today.
Speaker B: Yeah, Aji, I think that's a great place to leave with those big picture philosophical points that you've just made there. Thank you so much for joining us on the show.
Speaker E: Pleasure.
Speaker B: That's it for now. We'll keep an eye on this situation, of course, throughout the day on real vision. Jeff Garczik and Matthew Rosak will join us live tomorrow. We'll be back at our usual time. Also, make sure to check out realvision.com as well. We have an important two part series called how to unf your future. If you hear some of the most visionary thinkers and investors we know, starting today, we move on to the second week of how to unf your future with some of the visionary thinkers and investors that you've just seen there on the screen. This week we'll be exploring all the solutions with a lineup of true experts like Angus Shillington, John Kempia, Dwight Anderson, and Emad Mustock. Go to realvision.com un f k. That's real vision.com un fk. I love that. To get free access, we're going to leave you with the trailer as we roll out. I should also say check out real Vision daily briefing today at 04:00 p.m. obviously we're going to be continuing our coverage of this conversation of all of these stories there. See you tomorrow at 09:00 a.m. noon Eastern, 05:00 p.m. london time, live on real vision crypto daily briefing. Have a great morning everybody.
Speaker C: If we want to change the outcomes for this really screwed up world where our wages don't go up, where we're being replaced by technology, where governments are massively in debt and we foot the bill via taxes, where we see debasement of assets so we can't afford as many assets as we like, so the rich get richer, the poor get poorer if we don't lock. Like to see the rise of populism based on this broken society because the promises of the future have been broken. Let's make our promises to our future selves come right. And that's by unf your future. Some of this is going to really f your future in 20 or 30 years time, but we've got time to figure that out because it's unstoppable, Jenna.
