Speaker A: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance. Join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten. That's podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Now to the top analysis of today's crypto markets.
Speaker B: Welcome back to another episode of Real Vision Crypto Daily briefing asking for a friend. I'm Nico Bruga, and with me today is Mike Rainbow, co founder of Rainbow. Welcome back, buddy. How are you?
Speaker C: What's up, Nico? Thanks for having me back.
Speaker B: I am so excited to have you back. As everybody remembers, a couple weeks ago, Mike and I went deep into decentralized exchanges. He showed us how we can connect to uniswap and buy all of those fun meme tokens if we would like. Of course, not financial advice. But today, Mike, I think we're going to get into layer twos. So we obviously all know layer ones. Ethereum, bitcoin, Solana. But tell me, what just are layer twos? Exactly.
Speaker C: Yeah. So layer twos are blockchains that derive their security guarantees from a layer one. And additionally, they almost, or I guess typically almost always have a very similar runtime as the layer one. For example, on Ethereum, we have a number of popular layer twos. Two of the biggest ones right now are arbitrum and optimism. Both of those run the same EVM that Ethereum does. So what that means is that developers who are building apps for Ethereum can super easily deploy that same application on these layer twos. And layer twos in general come with dramatically lower gas fees. We're talking about $0.25, for example, to make a swap, compared to like $15 on Ethereum, for example.
Speaker B: Actually, just before you go on, Mike, I think we actually have an image we can show just sort of breaking down some of those fees and how it sort of compares to each other. Yeah, I mean, just looking at this real quick, you see, stark net is sixteen cents and Ethereum would be $1.75. That's absolutely insane.
Speaker C: Yeah. So these layer twos, the main goal of them is to scale Ethereum. And really what that means is making transactions cheaper, transactions faster, really, with the goal of broadening the accessibility of this technology. Not everyone in the world can afford to spend dollar 50 on an Ethereum transaction to deposit money into something. And I think that what's exciting to me, at least, about these layer twos is how they can create an opportunity for people to play around with these applications without having to waste a lot of money on gas just to play around with them. Because I do think that playing around with these applications is the best way to actually learn how they work.
Speaker B: Absolutely. And you showed that when you did your amazing walkthrough of Uniswap and Sushiswap and the rainbow wallets and everything the other week, and that was incredibly helpful. So besides from sort of lower gas fees, are there any other advantages to these layer two s?
Speaker C: Yeah, I just kind of mentioned it as well, but. So transactions on these layer twos confirm or like settle nearly instantly, right? I guess off the top of my head, I don't know the exact actual confirmation time that they have, but from the end user's point of view they happen nearly instantaneously. So that's really cool. On Ethereum, main net transactions can take anywhere from like 10 seconds to a couple of minutes. Right. So that's another big benefit as well. Yeah, let me think, I guess. Yeah, really the headline benefit here is the cost of transacting, without a doubt.
Speaker B: Fascinating. Fascinating. And one thing I do want to sort of take a step back and touch on when we were talking off air just before we went live that I found fascinating and then plays directly into this l two question is the idea of liquidity and automated market makers on Sushiswap, can you sort of, or uniswap, can you sort of walk us through what that is and how layer two sort of become ideal for these purposes?
Speaker C: Yeah. So, yeah, I was explaining to you before the call, one of my favorite kind of example, use cases of why layer twos are cool for regular people and particularly beginners, is because doing things so uniswap v three, you can add liquidity to it as a liquidity provider and you can earn fees from people trading in that trading pair. Now, on Ethereum Mainnet, in order to deposit money to become a liquidity provider, that can cost like sometimes 50 or $75 in gas alone. And that kind of prevents, that makes depositing a much more sort of serious action. Right. Like you have to kind of be pretty sure about what you're doing if you're going to deposit in there. But what's exciting to me about layer twos is it creates an opportunity for people to play around with these things for really low stakes. So for example, again on Mainnet, it could cost $50 to deposit funds in there. Now what that means is that that kind of rules out simply depositing $5. If you only wanted to deposit $5 just to play around and see how it works. You're priced out on Ethereum mainnet, but on layer twos like arbitrum and optimism, you totally can deposit only $5 into Uniswap. And more than that, it also allows you to do things like so on Uniswap, when you deposit funds and you earn these trading fees, they get collected off to the side and you, the user, have to click claim to claim those fees. And that costs gas too. So on Mainnet Ethereum, you have to earn enough fees to justify claiming them because clicking claim is going to cost you dollar 15 in gas. Whereas on these layer twos, you know, you can be far more sort of just like liberal or aggressive with the claiming of those fees. And I find that to be just like a really, like, I think that that is quite fun for a beginner. Like, I think that that is like a really kind of like fun activity. Like clicking claim on fees that you've earned is just like a really, like, you know, satisfying experience. And layer two is just kind of, yeah, broaden the accessibility of that right and make it just a far lower kind of, you know, far lower stakes to kind of just jump in and play around.
Speaker B: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker D: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this for the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what. With each vendor. Ramp's software collects and verifies receipts instantly. To save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments. Time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use Ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get $250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy ramp.com easy ramp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank and celtic bank members have DIc terms and conditions apply.
Speaker B: One of my questions then, and I think we're all realizing that asking for a friend, that friend is really me, and I somehow have been in this space and still have lots of stupid questions. But one thing I was curious then is why doesn't then Opensea use a layer two to settle their transactions? Or do they? Because it seems like then that everywhere, every sort of marketplace, especially in the NFT world where there's a ton of volume, should be on an l two so that gas fees are lower and transactions process more. So what's the deal with sort of OpenSeA and l two s?
Speaker C: Yeah, great question. So as an industry, layer two adoption is really just taking off now and we're seeing the most sort of traction as far as adoption goes on the defi side of things. So Opensea today does support these layer twos. The reason that you might not realize that or that many people might not know that is simply because as of right now, there's not a ton of popping nfts that exist on these layer twos. So it's more of like a supply, you know, it's more of a supply issue. There's simply not enough sort of, you know, interesting nfts that exist natively on these layer twos for it to kind of have taken off. Now that's something that I think is going to be changing really soon. Rainbow at least, is really focused on making layer two nfts, you know, really happen this summer, for example. And I know for sure that there's other actors in the industry that are also kind of making a big push as well. So I do expect layer two nfts to really blossom over the next six to twelve months, without a doubt. Yeah, but yeah, that's kind of why it hasn't fully taken off on Opensea.
Speaker B: No, that makes perfect sense. So before we keep going, I just wanted to remind our viewers to join us in the conversation. Put down your questions in the chat wherever you're watching. We'll ask the best ones on air. Remember, real vision members take priority. But the good news is crypto membership is free. Go to realvision.com crypto to sign up and if you're watching on YouTube, tweet this link and follow real vision. Ealvision. So Mike, one of the things I want to get into with layer twos is based on a conversation I had with someone who was like, okay, this crypto thing seems really cool, but I'm a small business owner. How can this make my life better? Are layer twos at the point or will they ever be at the point where they almost function like apps? So if I'm running my local wine store, I could create a inventory system on the blockchain just running on that l two or are we still a bit aways from that?
Speaker C: Great question. So you ask, are people using these l two s as applications? The answer is yes, but not really in the way that you describe. So your question was hey, as a small business, can I utilize this? The unfortunate answer is not yet. Crypto right now is still kind of a sort of a digital first ecosystem or sort of economy. And I'm quite confident that this technology is going to benefit small businesses. I actually think a lot about that and I really do think that once crypto actually hits small businesses its going to be a capitalist renaissance essentially. But thats not happening yet. And I do think its a couple of years away. Honestly, the us regulatory environment really hinders the real world impact that crypto can make. The applications that are building their own layer twos tend to be cryptocentric applications. For example, I know of some projects like there's an NFT related project that is building their own layer two and there's some financial applications that are building their own layer two s. The reason that they're doing this is essentially because you can think of a blockchain as a highway, and sometimes the more people there are on the highway trying to use it, it can get congested and there could be traffic. But creating your own layer two, what you're doing is essentially creating your own highway. And if you're the only person on that highway, it can't really get jammed up. Right. So by building your own layer two, these applications essentially kind of free themselves from the larger market kind of activity. So it's like if you know Ethereum, gas prices are going crazy because everyone's doing lots of transactions. Like your users can still access your application reliably without having to worry about that congestion happening over there. Yeah. Does that answer your question?
Speaker B: Yeah. And so part of what I'm, what I'm trying to get at is this sort of the future of what Ethereum and these l one s look like. And it sounds to me, and correct me if I'm wrong, that a lot of it is, the way we will interact with these two years, five years, ten years down the line will be primarily through l two s, and we won't even necessarily know that we're dealing with the Ethereum or the bitcoin or the Solana L one. We're just existing sort of on all these various layer twos.
Speaker C: I do think it's going to end up something like that, for sure. You know, not all layer twos are equal. You know, there are differences between layer twos. And I do think that it's not going to be completely abstracted because if it was completely abstracted, then users might sort of unwittingly put their money into something that, like, isn't safe, for example. But I do completely agree that that's the end game at Rainbow. We're an Ethereum wallet, but we also support all of these layer two networks. And something that we're really focused on is making layer twos like a first class citizen in our product. And what we're iterating towards is actually making layer twos the default experience in Rainbow. So if you're a newcomer and you get Rainbow and it's, it's your first wallet, and you go and try to use our in app like fiat on ramp to basically buy some crypto, our goal is to have really soon here on ramp people directly into layer twos, because from an end user experience point of view, it's just an objectively better first time experience. The gas fees are significantly lower. Yeah.
Speaker B: Hi, everyone. We're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back with the real vision crypto daily briefing. I want to sort of go back and touch on, I believe. God, all of these names you and I were talking all sound like terrible Sci-Fi like unobtainium and stuff.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: But it's a bit of an issue for our industry and maybe we'll fix it. Maybe nothing. Optimism and arbitram. Can you tell me a little bit about why those two have become so popular and sort of blown up in recent months on crypto Twitter?
Speaker C: Yeah. So, yeah, it is funny. These things have optimism. Love the name of optimism. Arbitrum and ethereum, I think are just funny names. I think that they just sound super, like, nerdy. So, yeah, arbitrum and optimism have both really blown up and seen a lot of attention in the last six months to a year, primarily because they are really front runners here in building secure layer twos, the mechanisms that actually power these optimism and arbitrum, they are on a good path. Everyone believes in the path that they are on. Again, from an ecosystem perspective, a lot of projects out there that are building dapps, like, whether they're financial or nfts, et cetera, they all feel this pain of the Ethereum mainnet gas price. They hear from their users, hey, I just want to buy this NFT that costs a dollar. I don't want to pay dollar. 15 in gas to buy this dollar one NFT. You ask, why is arbitrum and optimism really popping off? It's because there's a real demand for improving the end user experience of Ethereum, essentially. So, yeah, more and more developers are thinking in this layer two first mentality where lots of projects actually will first launch now on these layer two s, and that's their primary, are they using.
Speaker B: It like a beta testing and then they'll move on to Ethereum or are they just going to stay as an l two?
Speaker C: That's a good question. Honestly, I've seen it play out a few different ways and I've seen it play out exactly like you're saying, where they use the l two as kind of a good example of that is Aave. So Aave had aave v three and aave three had existed for, I don't know, off the top of my head I'm going to say like six to eight months had existed as only being deployed on these layer twos. And then after kind of again like six to eight months of a clean track record where the system was working properly, there were no security issues. Only then did they actually deploy aave three on Ethereum mainnet. Yeah, I do see it happening like that as well. I've seen other projects though where they deploy on layer two s and that's their end game.
Speaker B: God, such an interesting ecosystem. How do you feel about taking a couple of questions from the audience, Mike?
Speaker C: Let's go.
Speaker B: Awesome. All righty. Richard Lerano, I hope I pronounced that right. Richard on YouTube asks, hey Mike, when does the rainbow extension drop? And this is a question I have too. So Mike, can you first tell us what the extension is and give us a little bit of an update?
Speaker C: Yeah, so, Rainbow, we're an Ethereum wallet right now, or historically we've existed purely as a mobile app, but a lot of Ethereum users use desktop computers as their primary device for interacting with these. Dapps, Rainbow has been working on a browser extension version of Rainbow. With that, we're going to finally have platform parity with Metamask, meaning Rainbow is going to basically become a wholesale replacement for Metamask with a significantly better user experience. So Richard asking, when is that dropping? When are we launching that? And the answer is, check your emails. Very soon, Richard, we are rolling out access to the extension to all the people on the waitlist in the next. Im not going to commit to a date right here, but within the next two weeks were going to start rolling it out to that larger waitlist and shooting for a full release in Q three.
Speaker B: Oh, very exciting. Very exciting. We'll definitely have to have you back just to talk about that and also drop some knowledge. All righty. Next up, Ralph, Ralph Humphrey, one of our favorites. He asks from the rv platform, what are some predictions you might make, Mike, about innovation in the blocks chain space and for the impact of regulation? That is a whopper, obviously.
Speaker C: Yeah, let me think. I guess predictions for innovation. I predict the innovation will continue. I think that the pace of development in the ethereum ecosystem is just mind blowing to me. And I guess I'm more inspired and sort of excited and energized by the developments and the innovations in the ecosystem now more than ever. As far as the impact of regulation, I think that, yeah, obviously regulators can have quite an impact now. I think that if everyone, you know, everyone's following the situation, I think that it's quite clear that this is not your typical sort of regulatory regime here. The regulators are choosing to regulate via enforcement instead of, or, you know, aka regulation by surprise is a funny way that I've seen it stated. Now, I guess I call me naive or whatever, but I'm kind of a perpetual optimist here and I don't think that America will make really critically bad decisions here. I'm quite confident that, yeah, that our representatives are going to sort of jump in here. I do think that clearing up the rules can make a huge impact. Right. So honestly. So let me. Yeah, actually to answer that question is like there could be huge positive impact from clearing up some of these rules and to basically lay out like a really clear regulatory regime in doing so, I think would one bring back a lot of liquidity to this space? And second, I think it would also just further entrench the United States as a leader in this industry right now. We are certainly at risk, like at serious risk of losing that dramatic lead as basically the industrys most talented people seek alternative jurisdictions. Thats super unideal. Were talking about good people trying to build good faith projects that like actually improve the world and they don't feel safe doing that in America, which is super lame. So we have to fix that.
Speaker B: Absolutely. And we've seen this recently, I believe Galaxy Digital announced the other day that they're moving overseas or they're opening up some foreign offices. But it sounds to me, Mike, and I think this is why we get along so well. I'm a cautious optimist, although most people just consider me a complete optimist. It sounds like you have no plans to join some of the other crypto folks and skip out of the US. You guys are. You've staked your claim here.
Speaker C: Yeah, we love America too much. Yeah. No plans of leaving. Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: I mean, I think it speaks to. It makes total sense. There's no way we're going to change things here in America if we all pack our bags and take our football home with us. We got to stick. We got to work with our local representatives and make our voices heard.
Speaker C: God.
Speaker B: Wow. I'm getting up on my soapbox. I'll take my linen cap off, and we'll save the revolutionary talk for another time. Good sir. Alrighty. Last question before we wrap up. K champagne or key champagne on YouTube asks, do you have any favorite l two s? And I know we talked optimism and arbitran, so let's throw those out the window. Anything else besides those two?
Speaker C: Anything else besides those two? You know, Polygon's awesome, too. I think Polygon's cool. Polygon is like, people will get into semantic arguments about, oh, is polygon a layer two or is it this other thing? Blah, blah, blah. Let's not get into that. Yeah, Polygon is cool as well. Yeah. Really? I guess as a user, personally, I primarily use arbitrum optimism in polygon. I'm quite excited about some upcoming layer twos, though, because, again, it is this cambrian explosion where we have a lot of really interesting platforms coming out. So, yeah, I'm quite excited about some of these new ones. I've got my eyes on this project called fuel. I think that that's very cool.
Speaker B: Does fuel, before you continue, do they spell it like we assume they spell it, or is it fuel?
Speaker C: Yeah, fuel, like gasoline, you know?
Speaker B: Okay, good. They're not like random y in there?
Speaker C: No, no, no. I would tell you. Yeah, don't worry, nico. There's other ones, you know, even on this list that we had, you know, earlier in the video, we flashed that, like, l two fees, dot in fo website. Some of them. The networks on there, for example, like Starknet. Starknet is still not a finished technology. It's still in its alpha or beta stage. But I'm quite excited about the future of Starknet. For example, there's a lot of things that can only be done on Starknet. Starknet enables entirely new use cases, for example, purely on chain games and things like that, that simply aren't even possible on these other layer twos. But, yeah. So I'm keeping my eye out watching Starknet.
Speaker B: Wow. Absolutely fascinating. Mike, before we close out, any final thoughts you want to leave our audience with.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, I highly recommend everybody play with layer twos, you know, download rainbow. You can use the app to bridge between these networks, so it's super easy to take some ethan, send it between optimism and arbitrum and mainnet, et cetera. Cannot emphasize enough how playing with these dapps is the best way to learn about how crypto works and how these defi applications work. Highly recommend just throwing in $100. That's all you need on these layer twos to really actually play around. Definitely recommend that. Play around, see what happens. Learn how this stuff works. Have fun.
Speaker B: I love it. This speaks to how long we've been in this space. But when you said throw $100, it reminded me that that could buy you half an e in this year, in 2020. Like, God, we got to start building that time machine.
Speaker C: Mike, the aliens, Nico, you know, they might be here with that time machine pretty soon, so might be in love.
Speaker B: And everybody, if you ask enough, maybe we'll turn asking for a friend into a full blown alien Q and a episode where Mike and I will go galaxy brain on what the hell is going on with our beloved ets out there.
Speaker C: We don't want, you know, that might set some new sort of records, though, for real vision all time high. Like, viewer count, though I'm not sure if we would want to, you know, rock the boat that much.
Speaker B: We'll see what the audience says. But thank you so much for joining us, Mike.
Speaker C: Thanks for having me, Nico.
Speaker B: Pleasure. Awesome. Well, that's it for today. Check out the real Vision website. Today is the final day of our festival of learning campaign, focused all on AI. You can get seven days of real Vision premium app access and insights for free. Head to realvision.com. festivaloflearning no crypto daily briefing on Monday due to the juneteenth holiday, but we have some stellar guests coming up later in the week, including Caitlin Long and our very own Raoul Powell. See you Tuesday at 09:00 a.m. pacific, noon Eastern and 05:00 p.m. london time. Thanks for watching, everybody.
Speaker C: What's up, revolutionaries? Thanks for tuning in to the real Vision daily briefing. For more content like this, head over to realvision.com and get unfiltered access to the very best, brightest, and biggest names in finance.
