Speaker A: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this for the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what with each vendor. Ramp's software collects and verifies receipts instantly to save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments, time consuming tasks, which means youll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use Ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If youre a decision maker, adding Ramp could be one of the best decisions youve ever made. Get dollar 250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy ramp.com easy ramp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank.
Speaker B: And celtic bank members of DIC.
Speaker A: Terms and conditions apply.
Speaker B: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance. Join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten. That's podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Now to the top analysis of today's crypto markets.
Speaker C: Stablecoins get reshuffled. Who will come out on top? It circle the whistleblower behind the NYDFs's investigation in Busd and Paxos. And for some good news, the NFT market is embracing crypto Spring, and the numbers show it. Welcome to Real Vision Crypto Daily briefing. I'm Ash Bennington. Today we're joined by longtime friend of real vision, Brian Estes, CEO and CIO at off the chain capital. Welcome to the show, Brian.
Speaker D: Thanks, Ash. Thanks for having me.
Speaker C: Well, it's great to have you back. We're going to go deep in just a minute. But first, let's take a look at the latest price analysis. The crypto market cap is up around two percentage points since yesterday. Bitcoin is up just over 2% on a 24 hours basis. It's currently trading at around $22,000. It hasn't been a good week for bitcoin, obviously. As you can see, it's down about 4% over the last seven days. Meanwhile, Ethereum is up just over 4% since yesterday. Currently, ETH is trading at roughly $1,500 and it's down about 5% over the last seven days. With that said, let's bring our guests back in. Welcome back to real Vision crypto Daily briefing. Brian. Brian, it's been a hell of a week here in crypto. Obviously a lot of news flow. Let me just bring our audience up to speed really quick on the latest stories here and then we can talk about them a little bit. A great deal has come to light yet since yesterday on the still developing story of the regulatory actions against Paxos. First, it seems that rival stablecoin issuer circle, the company that founded us DC, is reportedly the whistleblower behind the the complaint against Paxos. According to this is, this is to the Department of Financial Services in New York, also known as NYDFs. According to Bloomberg, who first reported the news yesterday. In the fall of 2022, Circle reported that blockchain data revealed that Binance did not have enough collateral to back the tokens it had issued. When Paxos exits the BU USD, excuse me, the BUSD business, it will leave an enormous $16 billion hole in the $136 billion stablecoin market, which leaves an opportunity for circle, obviously, to expand the market share of its stable coin, or the stablecoin they created, I should say. US DC finance, of course, delisted us DC last year from their exchange. But according to Coindesk, there are other players looking to get their slice of the pie as well. Maker Dao's decentralized stable coin dai could be a player in the space. And of course, tether will be looking to grab market share as well. Indeed, according to Coindesk, BUSD USDT trading pair spot trading volume surpassed $3 billion in just the past 24 hours. That's the largest daily volume since the FTX implosion and subsequent market crash in November. Brian, obviously a lot of details, a lot of news flow here, but I wanted to get your opinion on what's happening. Big picture in the space. It certainly feels like we're in the middle of a regulatory crackdown. I believe Bloomberg has used exactly that phrase in a number of their headlines. How do you think about what's going on here? Big picture? Yeah.
Speaker D: I read an article in the Wall Street Journal this morning and talked about a carpet bombing in the crypto industry, and I think that's a good way of looking at it. The SEC, the OCC, the Fed, the regulators are starting to crack down on the industry. And I don't know if this all comes from the fact that FTX blew up and they're embarrassed of what happened because they didn't properly regulate FTX. They allowed that offshore entity to advertise in the US, gain access to us customers, and now they're trying to, you know, protect themselves, make themselves look better by cracking down on the good players in the industry. But it's just. It's very concerning, you know, for, you know, I've been in the industry since 2014, and the, the players, the, you know, the good players have been asking for proper guidance and regulation and the, like, a framework to build our companies. And, you know, over the last nine years, I've been involved. You know, we haven't got that. You know, we haven't been issued, you know, the. The regulatory clarity that we need to build our companies. And what's happening is that, you know, people are moving their companies offshore and outside the purview of the SEC, and that's not good for investors and good for us consumers, because what happens is you end up with a situation like FTX.
Speaker C: Right, Brian, we were talking about this a little bit off camera. You're an investor in the space, obviously. Tell us a little bit about what people are looking for, what they need, what they want in terms of this regulatory clarity and why you feel they're not getting it.
Speaker D: Yeah, we just need basic definitions. What is the security? What is a commodity? The SEC has come out and said bitcoin is a commodity, but they used to say ethereum was a commodity, and now they're saying it's a security since it switched over to proof of stake. We just need basic definitions of what's a security, what's commodity, how these things should be regulated. You know, just look at bitcoin, for example. The IR's classifies bitcoin as property for tax purposes. Vincennes calls it a currency. The SEC calls it a commodity. I mean, it's just, you know, it's, you know, these are all us government agencies, and they define bitcoin as something different depending on what agency you talk to. And so we just need clarity on what these assets are and how they should be regulated so that we can build our companies around this new technology.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, is this just a challenge? I imagine what someone from the SEC would say about what's security. They would say, well, there's the Howey test. That's been the established practice for decades now for understanding whether or not something is security is what's needed here. New legislation. And are you optimistic we're going to get it?
Speaker D: I'm not optimistic that we're going to get it. I had a meeting a few months ago at the Texas blockchain summit. We met with Senator Ted Cruz for a little bit, and that was one of the questions that we posed to him, like, do you expect clarity or expect some regulation to be passed? And he wasn't confident at all they would have any regulations over the next couple of years during the Biden administration. And I don't think it's because of the Biden administration. I just think that there's just not enough people who are knowledgeable in Congress on how to regulate this. From what he said, only about 15% to 20% of Congress understands what bitcoin and crypto and blockchain technology is. The other 80% just don't know, and they haven't made a decision, and they don't know how to regulate something they don't understand. I just think it's going to take more time for them to get up to speed so they could apply proper regulation, pass proper laws to help this industry flourish. Yeah.
Speaker C: So let me ask you this. One of the most basic rules of life in being an investor, of course, is that you find the world as it is and not as you wish it to be. You say that obviously, you're not terribly optimistic that we're going to get this relief in terms of new legislation in the short term. So, Brian, how are you positioning yourself? How are you thinking through these challenges that exist here in the short term or the intermediate term, I guess, depending upon how you interpret it.
Speaker D: Brian. Okay, so I'm the CEO and CIo of off the chain capital. We're a private investment fund that invests in value opportunities in the blockchain space. So we're doing what we've always done. We're looking for undervalued investment opportunities in the space. For a number of years, we've been buying, like, mount Gox bankruptcy claims, which gives us exposure to bitcoin at discounted prices. And then most recently, with the blow up in FTX, Celsius, Locfy Voyager, people have bitcoin trapped in these platforms, and that's perfect opportunity for us. We're able to buy these bankruptcy claims, which basically gives us exposure to bitcoin and other digital assets at a discount. So, you know, so we're doing the same thing we've always done. But if you're a, you know, you know, if you're a startup company in the space, I mean, you're. You have to allocate a certain amount of your capital, and it's get that the allocation is getting larger and larger just to fight with the regulatory regime that's out there. You know, you're trying to build a company and then, you know, the SEC comes in and starts fining you or starts to, you know, they ask you to come and register and, and work with them. And when they do, when you go in there and, you know, work with them, all they do is find you. So it's, you know, it's just not a good working environment. And, you know, these companies that are trying to build new, innovative platforms and, you know, using this blockchain technology, all they're asking for is some clear guidance on what the framework is so that they can build their companies.
Speaker C: Yeah, you know, it's so interesting, we were talking a little bit this about this, excuse me, off camera, and how you have people out there who are entrepreneurs, who want to be good actors, who say, regulate me, tell me what line to stand in, tell me what forms to fill out. And unfortunately, the answer to that question seems to be, well, obscure at best. Might be a polite way of putting it. Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker D: Yeah. And then it takes you down the rabbit hole of why? Right, why is the SEC, and why are they against this technology or why are they trying to slow it down? And when you go down that rabbit hole, it leads you to the other protecting the establishment, they're protecting the banks and protecting the established players from losing their market share. And the way I look at this is when we invented a new piece of technology called Voiceover, Internet protocol about twelve years ago. VoiP and voice over Internet protocol is like what bitcoin is, but VoIP is voice and bitcoin is money over Internet protocol. But when VoIP was invented, the long distance companies, their business models went to zero. MCI and WorldCom, they went bankrupt because all of a sudden doing a voice call was free. And that's how I look at blockchain technology. The world spends over $1 trillion a year moving our money around. And the 1 trillion is in fees. We pay correspondent banking fees, Visa and Mastercard fees, wire fees, swift fees. And that $1 trillion a year is going to go down, to go down 99% as soon as we're on a blockchain standard, because moving our money through money over Internet protocol or through the Internet using blockchain is basically free. And so the established players, the established banks that are out there, they're trying to protect their business models and it's just you can't protect it. They either have to change or go out of business.
Speaker C: I was just going to ask you about that. If we could zoom the camera out a little bit here and talk a little bit about things that are away from the news cycle, about the big picture case that you see for bitcoin and for blockchain technology more generally. You're one of the best in the business, I think, at explaining this 50,000 foot view, particularly to people who have traditional financial backgrounds.
Speaker D: All right, so what's the question again, more specifically, Preston, so what's the case?
Speaker C: What's the case for bitcoin? What is it that gets you so excited about it? How do you think about it? What are the mental models that you apply to understanding bitcoin and understanding its future growth trajectory?
Speaker D: When I first learned about bitcoin back in 2014, coming from traditional finance, I thought like most people, like this was a total scam. What is this Internet funny money that's out there? And after I dove into it and read the Satoshi Nakamoto whitepaper, I just understood how we were rebuild our entire financial system using this blockchain technology because it's more efficient, and with efficiency you get lower costs and faster transactions. And our banking system, this legacy system has been around for the software that we're using is, you know, 40 to 60 years old, depending on what vert if you're using cobalt or Fortran or Pascal. And the banking system is built on ancient architecture. And blockchain technology allows us to have faster transactions, cheaper transactions, transactions that are more inclusive. Bitcoin doesn't care where you live, what color you are, what nationality you are. Bitcoin just doesnt care. Its like when you go into a bank you have to have a certain amount of money to open up a bank account. You have to have certain criteria to be in the system using blockchain technology. Its open, free, its transparent, and thats what the world needs. It needs a software solution to allow people, the underprivileged, have more access to the banking system so they could raise themselves up out of poverty.
Speaker C: Yeah, talking of blockchain technology more broadly, outside of bitcoin, I want you to talk a little bit here about what's happening in nfts. I want you to just switch gears and focus on some of the positive news that's happening in this space because I think these data points are quite interesting. According to Dapradar's most recent report on nfts, the claim that nfts are dead and gone are looking a little bit foolish right now. According to the report, the trade volume is already at $870 million for 2023. That's a 68% rise since the NFT market's November low. And leading the charge are the six largest projects owned by Yuga Labs, the team behind bored apes, yacht club, cryptopunks, and mebits, which constitute a whopping two thirds of the market. Captain for the Ethereum NFT market, that's a pretty high number. I was actually a little bit surprised that it was that high. But it's not just yougo projects that are pumping and leading to this recovery. DAP radar's report finds that new collections are driving the recovery in the market. Some collections are posting triple digit gains. Pudgy penguins market cap grew 260%. DJN's tunes collection grew 204%, and Azuki gained 114%. Brian, are you interested in the NFT space? Is this something that you find intriguing? I know we've got ordinals right now happening on the bitcoin network that's very controversial within the bitcoin community. What's your take on the NFT space?
Speaker D: Yeah, I've been watching NFT since day one. The problem I have with nfts is I can't figure out how to value them. And so, you know, we're a value manager. You know, we want to make investments and, you know, a certain asset at, you know, a 50% discount to what we think they're worth. And I just can't figure out how, what an NFT is worth. You know, it's just, you know, I don't know if we're too early. We just haven't figured it out. But I look at a lot of nfts as just art, and I don't know how to value art either. What's the difference between, you know, $100 million painting or, you know, a $100 painting? And, yeah, I'm just not an expert in that area, but I do see value in certain utility nfts that are out there. I'm not a gamer either, but I can see that in games you could have a limited supply of certain objects, like swords or whatever. You need to be successful in that game. And so those items in that game, because they're scarcity, they have value. So the more people that use that game and the more people who want those scarce items, the more valuable those scarce items become. So I can see value in those, like utility nfts. But like I said, I don't know how to value those. Cause it's different per person. Like someone that's gaming 12 hours a day, that asset and that game is worth more than someone who games 1 hour a week. So it's very arbitrary on how to value these things.
Speaker C: Yeah, exactly. I think that's well said. A sword in a game, to me, has zero utility because I'm not a gamer. But to someone who plays that game and spends ten to 12 hours a week in that world, or maybe ten to 12 hours a day in the extreme case, it has a very different value proposition. So it is an interesting point. I'm incredibly bullish on the technology. I haven't the faintest idea how to value it either, which is one of the reasons that I've expressed. I don't want to say skepticism, but just a sense of. Just confusion about the market. What makes an NFT worth $300,000 versus $30,000 versus $3,000 versus $30? I mean, again, it's very subjective. I think the art aspect of it's really cool. I mean, I think that there are a lot of very smart, interesting young people in the space creating stuff that's really cool. And I suspect, as you said, it's just incredibly early in that space, and we're probably going to see more of that development in the future and probably a more robust mechanism for modeling things from a financial perspective as well. But by the way, talking about growth, one of the. The things that I hearken back to whenever I talk to you is your view of the way that s curves work, because I think it's a really powerful interpretive lens to look at technology in general, to look at bitcoin, to look at blockchain, and to just look at the way that the space is unfolding. Tell us a little bit about s curves, the role it plays in your thinking as an investor, and why you think it's so important.
Speaker D: Yeah, I've been using s curves for over 30 years. I first learned about them when I was studying at Cambridge University as an undergrad. And basically what an S curve is. It's the amount of time it takes for a new technology to go from 0% adoption to 10% adoption. It's the same amount of time it takes that new technology to go from 10% adoption to 90% adoption. When you look at bitcoin, for example, it was started back in 2009. By 2019, 10% of us households owned bitcoin. It took ten years to go from zero to 10% in the US, and you could project that out. So what that means is that by 2029, around 90% of households in the US will own bitcoin or have exposure to crypto assets. And it's been playing out that way. The most recent study that we saw was a Motley fool study. They surveyed 3000 of their clients and it was a little bit over 3000. But, you know, it showed that 56% of their clients owned bitcoin. And if you look at last year, 2000, I guess this is 2021 data. The Biden administration put out data that 47 million households own crypto assets like bitcoin. So there's 120 million households in the US. So 47 divided by 120, that's a very large percentage of households that have exposure, and that's 2021 data. And so we're on this mass adoption of bitcoin and digital assets. And like I said, by is projected using S curve analysis by 2029, that over 90% of households will have exposure to bitcoin and these digital assets. And that's just here in the US. If you look outside the US today, it's less than 1%. The US is the leader in this technology and the adoption of this. And so the rest of the world will catch up. But it's still very, very early for investors to. If you don't understand what this is, you need to learn about it. It's the future. This is the technology that we will use to clear transaction financial transactions through the Internet the next thousands of years. And the reason this is important is because 30 years ago, when we built the Internet, we built it incorrectly. We didn't have the software needed to transfer value through the Internet. And so what we did is we built the Internet on top of traditional banking and credit cards using a piece of software called SSL. Well, that software requires a fee or a toll every time you use it. Every time you use a bank or a credit card or PayPal to send money through the Internet, you have to pay them a toll. But the Internet wasn't supposed to be built that way. It's supposed to be a peer to peer network. And that's what blockchain technology allows. It allows for that peer to peer transfer of value through the Internet. And so what all the VC's are doing, they're rebuilding the Internet and they're fixing the problem that was created 30 years ago.
Speaker C: It's so interesting to the way that you described, that is a technology that began as peer to peer, that then became highly centralized. You can think about that centralization in terms of the traditional financial system. You could also think about it in terms of a few very large companies out in Silicon Valley controlling vast swaths of the Internet. And now this idea that blockchain technology is about the evolution, or almost the de evolution back to this prior state of a true peer to peer network, which I think in many ways is the best metaphor to describe the way that the communications architecture under blockchain at least can work.
Speaker D: Yeah, like I said, it's the future. We're rebuilding the Internet to fix the problem that was created 30 years ago by having to centralized financial institutions clear our transactions. And we're taking it off of the banking and credit card system and we're putting it on blockchain technology, which allows the direct transfer of value through the Internet from person to person or business to business. And that's where we need the clarity circling back to earlier in the conversation, we need clarity from the regulators on how we build this technology out. And we're just not getting any of the clarity that we need to build this out.
Speaker C: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real vision crypto daily briefing. Brian, talking about the Internet, talking about the future. I wanted to read you a tweet that I put out this morning because it really kind of encapsulates my feelings about this space. And I think in many ways it sounds as though you feel similarly to it. I was tweeting this morning about all the regulatory carpet bombing, to use the great phrase from the wall street Journal that seems to be happening in the crypto space right now. And I'd remarked that I was surprised that the price action had been so resilient in the short term. And then I sent this tweet out. I don't know if we can bring this up on the screen, but I said, longer term, I'm more optimistic than ever on crypto. Back in 2000, when I was one of the young guys on Wall Street, I remember the old guys asking me basically, hey, kid, that Internet thing was cute. What are you going to do with the rest of your life now? Well, I'm still here. To me, it's interesting for two reasons. First, the idea that the growth potential is similar to the Internet in terms of blockchain having this capacity to dramatically expand the number of users it has fundamentally. But second, I really agree with your point that effectively, blockchain really is the Internet. Blockchain is version 3.0 of the Internet. It's this build out of the architecture of the infrastructure to do economic transactions, to do trust transactions and to manage identity in a truly distributed, decentralized way.
Speaker D: You're 100% right. And that's what's scary, I think, to the government, these centralized financial institutions, you know, that they don't want to give up control of the money. And, you know, that's where the fight's going to be. It's going to be a fight for freedom versus control. And, you know, I'm very optimistic that freedom and liberty, you know, will, you know, will, you know, will come out ahead, but it's just gonna be a fight, you know, to get there. And what was it? Gandhi, there's a famous quote by Gandhi. What is it? First they, they ignore you, then they laugh at you, and then they fight you and then you win. And we're in that fights phase right now. You know, the government and the centralized, you know, these large banks, these large financial institutions, they're, they're fighting against this and they're actively like de platform or de banking companies that are out there that participate in this. You know, it's, you know, I've heard from a number of my friends that, you know, their, their bank accounts are getting closed down. And so this is the way the banks are trying to protect their turf. They're just trying to eliminate the threat and it's not going to work. I mean, eventually, you know, freedom and liberty will prevail.
Speaker C: Brian, speaking of giving up control, I want to give up control here for a minute to our viewers and our listeners who've been sending some questions. What do you say? Can we do some viewer questions?
Speaker D: Sure.
Speaker C: All right, great. First question comes to us from JP Stanley from YouTube. Brian, do you think the SEC will start to come after Ethereum next? Interesting question.
Speaker D: Yeah, you would think so. I mean, Gary Gensler mentioned after they converted from proof of work to proof of stake that potentially Ethereum could be a security. And if you look at Ethereum's original launch, they did it through an illegal initial coin offering that wasn't registered with the SEC. So I would think that Ethereum is at jeopardy for being, I don't know what the SEC could do, but I think that Ethereum is a centralized blockchain controlled by a foundation. And I would think that the SEC has some people to go after there, unlike bitcoin. Bitcoin is not run by a foundation. It doesnt have a CEO. It doesnt have a board of directors. All it is is a piece of software. Theres no one to go after. If you want to sue bitcoin theres no one to sue. If you want to go after Ethereum, there is a foundation that controls Ethereum, so there are people you can go after for that.
Speaker C: I guess one of the questions is, as you suggest there, what would the remedy be? Would it be the equivalent of a slap on the wrist, paying a $30 million fine as we've seen it happen in the past with some other companies because of the behavior in the past, particularly the ICO component, and then kind of you move on. Or would it be something more structurally significant than that? That's very much an open question. Speaking of open questions, I'm not sure if you have a view on this one, but this one comes to us from MF Hemingoff from the real vision platform. How much could Busd's fall hurt binance? I don't know if that's something you have an opinion on, but the question is essentially about could this regulatory action, these enforcement actions that we're seeing out there against Paxos, have an impact on the market more generally?
Speaker D: Yeah. So Paxos has until year 2024 to wind it down. So they have over a year to do that. And I would think that finance would go out and just find a different back office to supply Busd. So I don't think it's going to hurt Binance at all. I think it's just a transition from Paxos to another provider.
Speaker C: Here's another great question from Ralph Humphrey. Ralph always has great questions. Does Brian's firm hedge their bankruptcy claims in any way, given what I perceive as a significant illiquidity with the claims, or do they believe they have enough margin for error that they don't have to?
Speaker D: Yeah, we don't hedge at all. So we, our goal is to outperform bitcoin. And after doing this for, like I said, you know, since 2014, the best way I found to outperform bitcoin is find, you know, these unique ways to buy bitcoin at a discount. And, and so we don't hedge out the bitcoin risk there.
Speaker C: Here's another follow up from Ralph, actually. What are the other areas in crypto Brian is super pumped about? What are the other assets in the crypto landscape that Brian is interested in? I think the same question. I think it's duped on my screen. But the question is basically, what else are you pumped about in the crypto space besides bitcoin?
Speaker D: Yeah. So this is a very, like, I could turn this into a 1 hour I talk, but I might narrow it down for you. So like I said, 2014, I first learned about bitcoin. My question back then was, is it better to buy bitcoin? Is it better to invest in companies? So I actually got into Coinbase back in 2014 and 15. I also invested in a company called digital Currency Group back then. Back in 2015. I helped seed a company called Polychain Capital back in 2016 where im still part of the general partnership. And when I look back at the equity investments that I made versus just owning bitcoin, its better just to own bitcoin. And ive gone back and forth between being a bitcoin maximalist to being like, you need to diversify, and I'm back to being a bitcoin maximalist again. I think that on a risk adjusted basis, buying bitcoin and holding it for the next ten or 20 years is probably one of the best investments you can ever make. And you have to live through the volatility. Don't trade it, think about it long term, and just buy and hold this digital property that is a scarce resource on the Internet and look at it as domain names. When domain names started back in the early nineties, there were only a few million people using the Internet. So domain names were relatively cheap back then. You could buy a high quality domain name for $30. So Michael Saylor was doing that back then. He bought hope.com, comma michael.com, comma mike.com, voice.com. he bought up all these domain names, strategy.com, and he sold voice.com a little bit over a year ago for $30 million. He paid $30 for it, sold it 30 years later for 30 million. The reason it went from $30 to 30 million is because back then there were only a few million people using the Internet. Today there are billions of people using the Internet. Think of bitcoin the same way. Right now there's a few hundred million people using bitcoin. In ten years, there's billions of people that are going to be using bitcoin. And because it's a scarce asset, scarce digital property on the Internet, it's just going to be worth more in the future than it is today if more people are using it. And so that I, so that's what I would do. I would just, you know, for, if you want to keep things simple and, you know, have a, you know, not have to, you know, think about this too hard, you know, just, you know, buy bitcoin, hold it for the next ten or 20 years, don't trade it, write it up, write it down, and just look at it as a permanent part of your, you know, if your portfolio that's in this scarce digital asset.
Speaker C: Boy, very relevant to that point is the discipline and focus required to hold an asset for 30 years.
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, I learned that lesson. I started off as a stockbroker back in 1991 with a company called AG Edwards and Sons. I was 22 years old. I didn't know what I was doing. So I went to, his name was Leo Samet. He was the most mature broker in our office. He had been with the company for like 60 years. And I went into his office, I was like, leo, I'm new. Can you give me some advice or tips on how I should run my business for the next 30 years so I'm successful like you are? And he showed me a company called Berkshire Hathaway back then. And Berkshire Hathaway, it was like $4,000 a share back in like 1991 to 92. And I looked at them, I was like, Leo, you're crazy. Like, no one's going to pay $4,000 a share for a company like Berkshire Hathaway. And that was 30 years ago. And I haven't looked recently, but last time I looked, Berkshire Hathaway is like $400,000 a share, Jeff. And so from 4000 to 400,000 over the last 30 years. And if you would have just bought one share of Berkshire Hathaway for $4,000 back then, you'd be sitting pretty today. And so that's what I would do. Just buy bitcoin, hold it for the next 10, 20, 30 years, pass it to your children, your grandchildren, your great grandchildren, and just look at it as a permanent part of your family wealth.
Speaker C: Brian, that's a great note to end on. Fantastic conversation. But before we go, I want you to give your final thoughts, key takeaways for our listeners and our viewers.
Speaker D: The key takeaways, I think most people just need to learn more about what blockchain is, what bitcoin is. And what I would suggest is that if you haven't spent at least 40 hours of research on this, you haven't spent enough time doing it. So I would recommend that you go to hope.com. michael Saylor owns that website. He has dedicated it to bitcoin education. And go to hope.com and educate yourself about what this new technology is and why this is important not only to your family, but also to the world over the next ten years. 100 years, thousand years.
Speaker C: Yeah. By the way, as long as we're talking big picture here, I'll give you my key takeaways on this. The two things that I'm most excited about today are the same things I was most excited about in 2000, which are innovation and growth. And to me, that there's no more industry, there's no industry in the world right now that's more innovative or growing faster than the digital asset, cryptocurrency, bitcoin, blockchain, ecosystem and space. Obviously, we've got some headwinds. From a regulatory perspective, there may be some macroeconomic headwinds heading our way. But in terms of pure innovation and growth, in terms of adoption of new users, I'm just incredibly excited about this space, and I hope to be here for the next 20 or 30 years, if the gods are kind. This is the thing that I find just most interesting for all of those reasons. Brian, such a pleasure to have you with us. Always enjoy these conversations.
Speaker D: Mandy, thanks for asking me to be on Ash.
Speaker C: Well, thanks for coming back. Really a pleasure having you. For those of you watching on YouTube, like and subscribe and hit the notification bell, please. That way you will always stay up to date with the latest crypto news and analysis. If you're not a real Vision crypto subscriber yet, don't forget, it's free. Head over to real vision.com crypto. That's realvision.com crypto. That's it for today. We'll be back tomorrow with Santiago Velez hosting Armadabhat Kamalapur, partner at Jones Day. See you at 09:00 a.m. pacific, noon Eastern, 05:00 p.m. london time, live on real vision crypto daily briefing.
