Speaker A: Whoa.
Speaker B: Landing an account this big will totally change my landscaping business. It's gonna mean hiring more guys and more equipment and new trucks for the new guys to drive the new equipment in. I don't know if I'm ready.
Speaker A: You can do this. And Ford Pro finsimple can help.
Speaker C: Our experts are ready to make growing.
Speaker A: Pains less painful for your business with flexible financing solutions that meet the needs of your business today when you need them.
Speaker C: Get started@fordpro.com.
Speaker A: Financing.
Speaker B: Hey, everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance. Join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten. That's podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Now to the top analysis of today's crypto markets.
Speaker A: Could bitcoin soon push towards 45,000? According to technical analyst Dave the Wave. We're in the buy zone. Welcome back to real Vision Crypto Daily briefing. My name is Mark Oliveira. I'm joined by ash Bennington today. How are you doing, Ash?
Speaker D: I'm doing great. Great to be with you, Marco.
Speaker A: Yeah, great to be back with you. It's been a while since we've been back together.
Speaker D: It sure has. It's gonna be a fun show.
Speaker A: Yeah, absolutely. Well, let's take a look at our latest price analysis. Bitcoin is closing out the working week at around 23,000. It's up nearly 9% on a trailing seven day basis. That's a continuation of what's been a phenomenal start to the year. In fact, according to Coindesk, this is bitcoin's best January since 2013. It's up 40% this month, and apparently 85% of that rally happened during us trading hours. An analyst at Matrixport told Coindesk that's an indication institution institutional investors are buying bitcoin. Ash, tell me, how's ethereum doing?
Speaker D: Well, you know, once again this week, ether is a bit of a laggard compared to bitcoin. Ether is up just 1% on a trailing seven day basis. It's fallen below $1600. There seems to be no obvious reason for this underperformance relative to bitcoin.
Speaker A: Marco, that's interesting. We're looking at also Matic. That's the native token of Polygon, one of the best performers today. It's up 6% on a 24 hours basis and more than 18% over the past week. The jump has made Matic the 10th largest cryptocurrency by by market cap. The network is preparing for some major upgrades, so it looks like the price movement may be an anticipation of that. We'll obviously have a lot more price analysis in just a moment with Dave the wave, but let's take a look at some crypto news. According to sources speaking to Bloomberg ratings agency, Moody's could soon start rating stable coins. The sources say the system will include 20 stable coins ranked by the quality of the proof of reserves backing them. A Bloomberg source says the plan is in its early stages and won't constitute an official credit rating ash obviously, some of our viewers are not going to have that background in macro. They might not be familiar with the work Moody does. What does this mean for the space?
Speaker D: Well, you may have heard terms like junk bond or triple A bond in the past. That's what credit agencies do. In essence, they rate the creditworthiness of entities, companies, municipalities, in fact, even sovereign countries as well. You know, in equity research, sell side analysts are looking for the upside, the nationally recognized statistical ratings organization. That's the technical term for shops like Moody's and S and P's and Fitch. They look for the downside. Creditors care about getting paid out in a timely fashion. They care about getting out on 100 cents in the dollar that they invest. A couple of additional points here specific to the crypto space. Marco Moody's already rates publicly traded companies like Coinbase, meaning on the debt side. So crypto is not an entirely new asset class for these agencies. They have a little bit of experience there. Stable coins, of course, have been growing in importance. Bloomberg, for example, reports that they were the most actively traded crypto tokens. However, the reserve attestation process continues to be something that attracts doubts. In the space tether, the largest stablecoin was fined by New York authorities in 2021 for misrepresenting its reserves. You know, I think this is all very natural. I've talked about this before here on the show. Most stable coins are in fact highly centralized. They are not decentralized. The activities they perform look a lot like traditional financial services function. So I think it's a very reasonable step. Now, a cynic might bring up the 2007 2008 global financial crisis period and say that ratings agencies rated mbs, mortgage backed securities and CDO's, those are collateralized debt obligations that were the epicenter of that crisis. Some of the times they rated them as aaa, and they turned out to be what we used to call on the trading floor, TD's, which stands for toxic dog snot. I say look, good point. It's a reasonable sort of skepticism to have, but I think it's a step toward transparency. It's a step toward these companies that are, in fact, centralized entities or organizations that, that function effectively, like companies taking these steps to, you know, essentially expose what they're doing to, you know, get in the process of releasing documents. This is just basically table stakes in the traditional financial services architecture. And I think it's a very good step in the right direction for these agencies to be doing this. One final point about ratings agencies. My mother actually works for an agency that rates credit, and she is retiring today. I think she's actually turning in her laptop right now as we do this show. So happy retirement misses Ashe's mom.
Speaker A: Yes, happy retirement misses ashes mom. I definitely would love to one day head up to New York and meet her, see how she's created such a amazing human being like yourself, you know, really smart. And so congratulations to her. And on the point of the talk.
Speaker D: She knows you because she watches the shows.
Speaker A: Awesome. Well, hi misses Ash's mom. You know, we're, we thank you for everything you've done with Ash and raising such a good human being.
Speaker D: How about that?
Speaker A: Well, onto our next story, Reuters says the SEC, the US securities and Exchange Commission, is doing yet another crypto related investigation. The SEC is reportedly questioning registered investment advisors over how they handle crypto assets for their customers. Apparently the investigation has been going ongoing for months, but gathered pace after the FTX collapse. Ash, what do you make of this?
Speaker D: Well, you know, typically, investment advisors use third party companies to store client assets. One of the Reuters sources says that SEC enforcement staff are asking investment advisors for details on how they assess custody safety for platforms, including, of course, FTX. As you might imagine, the law states that regulated investment advisors cannot hold custody of customer assets if they do not meet certain criteria. In that case, they need to use so called qualified custodians. Look, again, in many ways, this is an echo of the prior story. This isn't something that upsets me. If you're giving money to an RIA or registered investment advisor, you have an expectation that they are going to take due diligence with those assets to make sure that they are secure and protected. Once again, in the echo of the moody story, effectively what you have here, we tout decentralization in this space. We talk about, well, this is incredible technology because it's totally decentralized. The reality is, if you held assets on FTX, it was not decentralized. It was the opposite of decentralized. It was highly centralized, and when the company collapsed, your assets got frozen. So I think as we move from a highly centralized world to a decentralized world, these are kind of these intermediate steps that need to take place in the process. Look, at the end of the day, what regulators, what legislators, what politicians care about is when retail investors get hurt. And it's very obvious retail investors got hurt. You know, we can come on here and talk about how optimistic we are about this space, which is certainly true. I think you and I, when we get out of bed in the morning, we're passionate about this because we see the promise of that technology. But you can't be an ostrich and bury your head in the sandheen and pretend that these spectacular blow ups didn't happen. I think this is another way of attempting to mitigate, ameliorate, and modify some of those practices and to make sure that retail investors, particularly when they give it to a registered investment advisor, that's not someone who's terribly sophisticated in the crypto space if they're using an intermediary like that, you got to make sure these folks are safe.
Speaker A: Absolutely. And I think that you made a really important distinction between centralized entities and decentralization and the kind of issues that came from the FTX situation with centralized entities holding this. Right. And a lot of people tend to put the full blame on the crypto industry as a whole, when really it was just, it was a centralized party and centralized was an issue. This is, was the birth of crypto, was decentralization. It was because of issues with centralized parties in the past. And so that's. Yeah, absolutely a great point to kind of hone in on there. Let's go.
Speaker D: If I could just one other point. First of all, everything you said, I think is spot on. I would just add, I would just add this, you know, the devil's in the details here. So you could imagine a world in which there are politicians who just hate crypto. Let's, let's just be blunt about it. They say that it's a, you know, it's a, it's a place where, you know, terrorists and, and drug cartels go to launder their money. I mean, there are people out there who don't like crypto. Let's, let's not sugarcoat the other side of this issue. And it's certainly possible to get legislation that could be just punitive to the industry that has no other purpose except to sort of squash out the passion that lots of people have for crypto. So I'm mindful of that. And it's a balancing act like everything else in life. And we, you know, we can't just sort of say all regulation is good or all regulation is bad. You know, look at the individual regulation. You have to look at its intent. You have to look at its unintended consequences and whether or not it ultimately meets those objectives. And, you know, that's one of the things that we do here on this show. And it's. It's great to be up here with you, Marco, for a change, doing this with you. It's fun to be back.
Speaker A: Yeah, absolutely. And, I mean, to the point of, like, regulation, I mean, I understand that it's been taking the government so long, and I feel like part of that reason is that with crypto, it just moves so fast. And so by the time that they try to put new laws in, then it's like they have to change it all over again. So it's definitely something that we cover on the show, and this is why we cover regulation so much, is because we want to be there when these moves happen so that the viewers are up to stay up to date with that important information.
Speaker D: Sure does.
Speaker A: Yeah. Well, anyway, so this is another interesting story here. Drivers in California could soon have their car ownership registered as an NFT, the state Department of Motor Vehicles DMV has partnered with Tezos, a layer one blockchain, and crypto software development company Ox head Alpha. The DMV is testing digitizing car titles so documents that confirm who owns it will be on the Tezos network. The DMV says that the aim is to make transferring ownership easier. Chief digital officer of the California DMV told Fortune magazine the agency wants to finalize a, quote, shadow ledger in the next three months. It would then roll out apps for consumers, including digital wallets. Ash, this is a story of the road to mass adoption. What are your thoughts on this?
Speaker D: Well, I think it's a really cool story. One of the things that we've been talking about here on real vision, crypto daily briefing, and elsewhere on real vision is this idea that NFTs are not simply jpegs that are traded like stocks. That's not what it's about. It's about creating these unique sort of digital tokens that have a unique digital fingerprint that you can store any type of information on, which means you can do a whole variety of things. And this is, I think, one of the really interesting and very powerful use cases. I should also say that this is not limited, obviously, conceptually, you can think this through. It's not going to be just limited to automobiles. Those folks out there who are ogs in the finance space, of course, remember the 2007 2008 global financial crisis we talked about a little bit before in this show? One of the challenges that we had there was assessing the ownership of who owned what in housing markets. There was a system called MERS, M E R s. That turned out to be an absolute catastrophe. No one could figure out who owned what. You couldn't get clear title on a house. You couldn't see who owned it. The system turned out to be a disaster. It was probably built on CobOl and other 1960s technology. It was just a nightmare to sort through. And so I think that this is one of the use cases that people have been passionate about. This space can see very clearly. So you could register cars on the Tezos blockchain. In the case of California, you could start thinking about how you could register all types of real estate and other types of assets as well. Securities, non securities that trade like securities. I mean, there's just so many potential opportunities over the counter derivatives. Anything that can be essentially linked to information, which is essentially any asset, could potentially trade in this case. But obviously, once again, devil's in the details. Take some time to figure out not just the infrastructure and architecture from a technical standpoint, but also the legal, regulatory, compliance, legislative component, which, for real world assets, especially things like real estate, you don't want to computer glitch to accidentally erase the ownership of a home that you've just paid into for 30 years. I mean, when you have something like an NFT. We read these stories every day about people who are sophisticated in this space, who accidentally make some mistake in the way that they custody their assets or they get phished. Those kinds of issues need to be sorted out from the system. But it's hard to hear a story like this and not feel optimistic and not be like, wow, that's a pretty cool thing, by the way, one final point. It's interesting also to me that they're using Tezos, not Ethereum. No disrespect to Ethereum, but I feel like it's kind of a let 1000 flowers bloom. It's cool to see these other layer ones getting involved. It's cool to see new technology getting tested in the field. I think this is a really interesting and exciting story, Marco.
Speaker A: Absolutely. And I'm sure some of that has to do with the price of Tezos transactions and probably also the transactions per second, some of those things. And so it's interesting. It's good to see that other blockchains beside. Beside Ethereum are getting some attention in the space, because I think going forward, as we talk about this multi chain world, I think this is something that is going to make crypto more accessible for everybody because some chains might be cheaper and it'll kind of serve a business need or serve a need better than perhaps some other chains might not.
Speaker D: Yeah, and that's one of the advantages in Tezos, is that it is, in fact, very cheap compared to Ethereum, I believe, to do these transactions. That may be one of the drivers behind this.
Speaker A: Absolutely. Well, onto our last story, and staying with the theme of adoption, US Republican Senator Ted Cruz has introduced a resolution that, if passed, would require Congress to only contract food vendors who accept a bitcoin as a payment method in the Capitol Hill complex. This also includes vending machine operators. So who knows, Ashley? Soon our lawmakers will be paying for chips and a soda with bitcoin. What do you make of it?
Speaker D: I wouldn't bet on any of the lawmakers actually using the technology. Look, on one level, I think it's cool. I think it's cool that Ted Cruz is out there talking about this technology that we and everyone watching the show are so passionate about. The flip side of this story, if you want to find kind of a gray lining to this, to the silver cloud here, is that, you know, the reality is here in 2023, everything is political, and we have this environment where it's really starting to seem much more like everything else has come. Like the rest of the world, the politicization of every other issue in the United States has come to crypto. And I think that's a bad thing for the space. The idea that there's one party that seems to be broadly in favor of crypto and another party that seems to be much more skeptical about it. Let's just say if we want to try and euphemize that. And I think the reality is that that's a challenge for the space. It would be great if Democrats and Republicans could both see some good and some upside for their own particular needs, for their own particular view of the world. You know, some of this is this weird issue that it's age related. I, you know, we know that there's obviously a very passionate libertarian community that cares about these assets, particularly bitcoin. But look, I have, you know, I know young people here in New York, in their twenties who are passionate progressives who love the idea of digital assets. They see it through their own lens, and see the opportunities there. So I think it would be really unfortunate if this became another hot button social issue with Democrats and Republicans staking out highly partisan positions. I don't think that would be good for the space, and I hope that doesn't happen. I hope that there is a Democrat who comes across the aisle and co sponsors the bill with Ted Cruz or co sponsors the rule change with Ted Cruz. I think that would be a great thing for the space, and I really hope this becomes a more broad bipartisan effort. I, for the good of the country, and I think for the good of the world economy as well.
Speaker A: Well, Ash, I suspect that as we get into further voting cycles and the voters are some, because obviously there's a lot of people that are getting into crypto. The politicians care about what the voters like. Right. And so we might see both sides start to take this crypto first mentality because the voters care about it. So I think maybe we might see some of that in this next election, and we might see some of that in the following election, especially as, like you mentioned, the young people that are in New York, as they become a larger part of the electorate type of population, the politicians are going to naturally gravitate towards that.
Speaker D: Well, let's hope so. Marco. I think that's exactly right, and it's extremely well said. I think that the reason that we're all passionate about this space is that we think it's good for the people. We think it's good for everyone. We think it's good to reduce transaction costs. We think it's good to create more opportunity. I certainly think that the United States can be a major leader in the digital asset trends, basically the process of moving into the digital asset space. I think that as we transition toward more of these technologies, it's a great opportunity for us in the United States to do what happened with semiconductors in the fifties, sixties and seventies, with the traditional web one and web two assets in the nineties and two thousands. This is a great opportunity for the american people, for the american economy, and I think for people everywhere to reduce frictions, to reduce transaction costs, to be more entrepreneurial, and to develop real business opportunities. So I hope politicians of both political parties see the wisdom in that type of broad, bipartisan view of the world.
Speaker A: Agreed? Agreed. Well, for those watching on the real Vision website, thank you. If you haven't signed up there yet, check it out@realvision.com. crypto. That's the best way to get early access to real vision crypto content. And of course, it's always free, guys. Today we released the latest rouse adventures in crypto. Raoul spoke with Mike Novogratz of Galaxy Digital. Head over to realvision.com crypto for the insight of some of the biggest investors in the crypto space. And if you're watching on YouTube, please like and subscribe and hit that notification bell. Hey everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker C: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this for the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what. With each vendor, Ramp's software collects and verifies receipts instantly to save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments, time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get $250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy ramp.com easy ramp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank and celtic bank members. FDIC terms and conditions apply.
Speaker A: Let's move on to our main interview. The recent bitcoin rally has made people wonder, how far could it go? Does this rally have legs? Technical analyst Dave the wave actually makes quite a bullish case in his view. So Dave is based out of New Zealand, and because of the time zone differences, he couldn't join us live. He did, however, agree to do a pre recording with me two days ago, on Wednesday, January 25. At the start of the conversation, I pointed out that a lot has happened, right? We had the FTX situation, we have Genesis, Gemini. Not to mention there's a lot of macro environment, macro stuff affecting the overall trading strategy in the crypto landscape. So I asked him how that affected his trading strategy. Let's hear what he has to say.
Speaker E: Yeah, that's a good point. I tend to stick to the TA, and I look at Ta as a discipline with its own method, with its own set of rules. And there's a reason for that, that, you know, the news and the so called macro can drive sentiment. And Ta is always, I always look at Ta as a correction of sentiment. So it's something to use in the macro, something to bracket out of Ta. So with Ta, all I'm doing is looking at the chart, looking for patterns, looking for corrections and the long term trend, of course. But that said, I wouldn't want to write off the news and the macro and all that sort of stuff, because it's good to keep an eye on that. But I definitely keep it out of my ta. And then what I do with the TA is I combine the TA with a strategy based on uncertainty. So with the news and the macro, yeah, there's like a lot of uncertainty in the market, but I sort of like price that into my strategy of trading and investing. So in a sense, you could say I take a dialectical approach to it all.
Speaker A: What's your take on the recent price action in bitcoin? Could you walk us through the charts?
Speaker E: Yeah, sure. So, like, looking at the daily price here, it's interesting. We had a five day hiatus before it took off again, and it's very interesting. We're at that five day point again. So what's it going to do? Shoot up another. Up another level, or correct the shortest term? The shortest term ta, I find the most difficult to predict the short term volatility. And in a way, my trading, the way I invest and trade, is playing off that uncertainty and the volatility. So all trade alts a lot of the time counter to what I'm thinking BTC is doing. But that's getting into strategic considerations there, which is a bit of a can of worms. Each trader knows their own strategy well and can be difficult to explain to other people. But objectively, looking at the chart, this is an interesting setup here. So it wouldn't surprise me to see price move up another level, which would take it back to that line of resistance there. And if it could blast through that, it's all on. What's interesting is it's also breaking this. I noticed a few people are starting to look at this now, this long term diet, what I call a long term diag of resistance, and that's a good sign sort of breaking out of this. And it could well be setting up for a new move. If we look back a few years, price has been known to be quite explosive. So bitcoin is a highly speculative market. Money piles out of it and money piles into it. So it wouldn't surprise me if we saw a big, large move which could take. If you look at a proportionate move here, this went up to actually, in nominal terms, it's off the peak, but in real terms, it's not far off that peak. You could see something similar. I'm not saying it's a real possibility here with Price pushing forty k. Forty five k. You know, that's something to keep in mind for if people start piling back into this. I mean, price came off pretty precipitously here, so it wouldn't take much for price to come back up again. And one thing we know about bitcoin is it's volatile. So it gets people buying these peaks and then people get shaken out of these peaks. Same thing could happen here.
Speaker A: What levels are you looking at to indicate where the price could be headed?
Speaker E: So, you know, this is what I've called the buy zone based on the model of the LGC, right. I think most of my followers are pretty familiar with that. Yeah. This idea here that price is long term price, and this is the model. And I think the long term trend is the easiest to predict, is developing along the lines of price discovery. So increasing price stability. So the way I look at this is that it's a currency, an alternative currency being capitalized, right? Digital gold. And back in the day, everyone was talking about price discovery and price stability. So I think that's where we're heading now. With that in mind, I've always had that buy zone highlighted the shaded area here. And so, you know, myself and followers were buying in here and buying here and very, very weary of buying these peaks, right. Because based on this model, price is going to correct. Sure enough, it's correct. Corrected. What's interesting is its price has really just been stuck in this buy zone. Slightly above it, slightly below it. But it's right in the middle of this buy zone. So to me, for a long term investor, it's the buy zone.
Speaker A: What is the price range in the buy zone?
Speaker E: Well, it's moving up, but currently the anything between 18k. Right, and the top of it is quite high. Right, 28k, anything like that is quite good, because the move can be sudden and you're up to prices, and then it might come back again. But the buy zone is going to be a lot higher, just as the buy zone is a lot higher than down here. So for someone with heavy cash on the sidelines who wants to invest for the future, they're probably buying in a few tranches over a reasonable period of time is the way to go. So say you bought here, and once I hit the buy zone, it was a bit high, right? Twenty k. And then maybe you bought again here, somewhere in here, eighteen k. And then maybe you bought a third tranche down here, which was the. Would be the most difficult buy because it was all doom and gloom. This was the SPF debacle, right? And actually you'd be sitting pretty now. You'd be like. You'd be wanting price to come back up, but for a long term investment, right. I don't know why you'd want to trade bitcoin. I think you want to just invest, buy in here and sit on it. If you have to trade, trade the alts, right? They're more volatile than bitcoin. I don't understand why people are doing alt bitcoin trades or even bitcoin trades, even on a long term cycle. But given the model, the LGC model, no certainties, but given a hypothesis, they are good entry. This is a good entry point. Now, if someone, what you could, the more cautious buyer could wait for a break of this, that point there. Twenty five k. And probably a lot of traders are watching that price because previously that's served, as, you know, resistance and even a little bit of support. But wait well back here. So a break of that, you know, would be reasonable odds. Sure, it might correct. But it gives you. It gives you a point at which, you know, it might meet resistance here, come back off. And then you. If you. Then the difficulty that's always the hardest buy would be to. If it did meet resistance, there would be to, you know, buy, buy in here. But if it broke that and you had no exposure to bitcoin, right, you. This is the buy zone. You'd want to buy it. And if it did go lower, that would. It's just an opportunity cost. You know, it's a volatile instrument.
Speaker A: In your newsletter, you mentioned part of your strategy is to belong a core position in bitcoin. Then you take profit in more volatile altcoins until you eventually cash out into USD. Can you share more details about your strategy?
Speaker E: Yeah. Well, the idea there is that a model is always based on uncertainty. So the last thing you want is, in my opinion, is to buy into a narrative. Right? That's the temptation is to buy into a narrative because the narrative offers you certainty. But anyone that's been through a cycle or two realizes that narratives are kind of illusions. They're comforting illusions. So, you know, the savvy trader investor is going to be wary of a narrative. So even this model I'm using, which has been effective, and that's how you judge the validity of a model, whether it works or not. And it has been working right here and here. And it's met resistance at the top. Looks like it's being supported at the bottom again. So it's been pretty effective in predicting this price development within this range, which is relatively. It's a relatively narrow range compared to a lot of other models and is increasingly narrow as it goes further along. But you want to hedge against it. And the way I hedge against it is that I trade Alts against USD. Now, USD is the natural trading partner, not BTC, because crypto all moves together, the natural trading partners USD, right, where it's more volatile. So on these big moves up here, I was making some swing trades, some longer term swing trades and alts and the percentage moves and alts, obviously bigger than bitcoin. Right. And then selling USD, I could do that because I was sitting on a core bitcoin position, bought earlier, sort of bought here, and, oh, I got caught up a bit in this, but I sold a bit and rebought a bit and then rebought. So I built a good core along here. So, I mean, I came in here, doubled up a bit here and bought here, but I've bought no bitcoin here because I've got a core position and that. Core positions, the investment is the buy.
Speaker A: Zone, an appropriate location for traders to establish a core position, including those who didn't participate in previous market cycles.
Speaker E: Yep. I'd suggest someone new to the area, even if they've been burnt in this cycle. Everyone, you know, most people, when they enter a market, they'll get burnt, but you don't want to get. Become once bitten, twice shy. Give it another go and just be a little bit wiser. Right. Wisen up and. Yeah, this is the. This is the buy zone. Um, you want to establish a position in bitcoin and then. Because there's no certainty in anything. Right?
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker E: I mean, it's a. It's a fair bet that this is. This will carry up. But then what you do for your hedge is you trade some alt positions or whatever. Matic, BNB, I'll look at a few when we finish up. And there you've got to wear your dollar bill hat. You know, you can't just have one head on ahead, you've got to have a. If you're hedging, you've got two hats. And this is the hard thing. You've got to have one more than one idea in your mind. Right. You can't just be thinking hyperinflation USD is toilet paper, because what you're doing with your hedge in your trade. And it's a longer term trade that's not day trading. You know, your longer term trades, you've got a better bet of making a profit. But that's what you're doing. You're making a profit and you're skimming that profit off into real assets. Now, a lot of investors, and dare I say, traders in bitcoin, even if they're trading on a four year cycle, they're never actually taking a real profit. Even if they are increasing their bitcoin stash, are they really taking profit into real assets? So, you know, there's this ultimate question about what it means to take profit. So if you sit on your core trade, a few altcoins, skim off some, some of that profit made in your stable coins into real assets. A rural property, a camper van, a boat, whatever, you've actually become, in real world terms, a bit wealthier.
Speaker A: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our sponsors. We'll be right back to the real vision crypto daily briefing.
Speaker B: This summer. Discover american giants timeless, high quality clothing made right here in the USA. Every piece is designed for quality and style that's built to last. From vintage style tees to tough tank tops, breathable polos to lightweight sweatshirts, you can find your perfect fit. Celebrate american craftsmanship and support local communities with every stitch. Go to american dash giant.com and use promo code stapletwenty for 20% off your first order.
Speaker A: When you talk about some traders not taking profits, it reminds you of the saying stack sats, which is popular among bitcoin maximalists.
Speaker E: So you, as you're saying with the maximus maximalist narrative, there's nothing new about it. Yeah, um, that's the old gold bug narrative, right? Where you don't want to be that old miser in the shack with his counting his coins every day. And then when he dies and they demolish the shack, they find his gold coins in the. And the wall. Yeah, right. It's sort of, this is like you've got to really think, well, what is real wealth? You know, monetary wealth. Great. And that's. But that can be the means to the end. And the end is getting that real wealth. Anyway, to finish with, if we maybe look at that metric, BTC Dom and I know a lot of people are interested in this. In this metric, we can. Yep, it's good. Just keep it on the weekly. So, you know, it's a really, it's an interesting one. And let's get that off percentages. Most people are familiar with that. Right, so we got. So we got it moving up, but it's range bound. So it's been stuck in this range for quite some time. One, two, couple of years. And it's interesting. Before it was in this range and then it broke out. Now, one thing to keep in mind is it's a more mature market, which is going to have an impact there to the pattern. And I think the biggest thing to keep in mind with this metric is I've got a little visual here as it's. I think it's askewed or a distorted metric, because what you've got with BTC, Dom, is you've got the market cap of BTC over the market cap of all crypto. Now, what that means is, on one side of the ledger, you've got bitcoin. And then on the other side of the ledger, right, you've got bitcoin again, because you want, what's the proportion of bitcoin, or the ratio of bitcoin to the total market? You've got bitcoin in here, you've got alts in here, which are fine, but you've also got stables. And stables are effectively money on the sidelines. This needs to be taken out, and you need to find a long enough metric going back years. That's just this, because what happens is money goes into bitcoin, and that registers here on the ratio. Right. And the ratio is going up 44%. 45. Right. People get excited, but the money that goes into alts, it doesn't register because it's just going from here to here. It's on the same side. And same thing went on the sell off, also going to stables. Right. And it's not going to register on here. So you're getting a skewed metric, and a lot of money is tied up in the stables. But the money that moves from here to alts, it doesn't register here. You see the problem. And so I think it's really, you know, I wouldn't write it off totally, but it's something to take with a big grain of salt. I mean, you don't want to get too excited about BTC, Dom. It's. It's really a little bit of a fundamentally flawed metric, and I would be more interested in looking at something. It takes that out. Right. And you just have beat. This is, uh, this is basically bitcoin. Market cap of bitcoin over the total market cap minus stables.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker E: So you need to find some genius who can do that and maybe take out the, you know, the stable coins that don't really matter to that equation and that those stable coins can affect the chart. So the chart doesn't go back far enough, you know, so you just want the major stables that have been around for a long time taken out of that and then you've got a. Then you can see what's going on.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker E: Then you can see what's, what's moving between bitcoin and notes. And a lot of the people that look at BTC, Dom, that's what they're interested in, BTC and alts.
Speaker A: Very interesting.
Speaker E: Yeah. And that this is really throwing a spanner in the works. So I kind of have given up charting this. I just focus on the USD pairs.
Speaker A: That makes sense. I can see how stablecoins skew the data on bitcoins dominance among true altcoins.
Speaker E: But even that said, I mean, even as a handy metric to use, you know, you've got a, you've got this range here, so price could really come up here and then do this and, you know, but meanwhile the whole market just moves up alts and bitcoin together. So. Yeah, so that's my view on BTC, Dom, there something to. Something to just take with grain of salt.
Speaker A: Thanks for coming on, Dave. We're looking forward to having you back in the future. How can people keep up with you in the meantime?
Speaker E: Right, sure thing. No problems. Um, what I will do a newsletter once a fortnight and there's a few, you know, like a good couple of months ago, I was looking a bit. Looking at, you know, alts making high lows and developing base and talking about hedging here and the MACD if focused on that how looking at the future, taking stock, because we could be at a. A bit of a pivot, but I think a lot of people are sort of realizing, well, heck, you know, this is, this is quite an interesting move. And if we see some follow through should, it should be good. So you can get me there. Catch me there. Dave the wave with the knee. And I've also got a trading page for the alts where I focus more on all the alts trading, trying to get some profit out of this market. And that's that one there is davethewave.com. and Dave without any, just dabthewave.com. so, yep, that's where I can be found.
Speaker D: All right, we're back live. Great conversation with Dave the wave. I was listening live in real time with our viewers for that show. Dave of course, is very popular, very knowledgeable, and yet he maintains great humility about the risks and uncertainties about the predictive power of technical analysis. Indeed, he discloses that BTC is a highly speculative and volatile asset. Marko, this is really your jam. You've gone down the rabbit hole with technical analysis. You've become one of the in house experts here at real vision. You cover this space closely. You conducted this interview with Dave. What were your sort of major takes from this conversation? Obviously, it was a 30 minutes interview. Lots of detail there. How would you sum it up?
Speaker A: Well, Ash, first I have to say thank you for that. I appreciate your really nice comments there. And to your point, where he's even, Dave mentioned that he got caught up in the whole situation, the cycle a little bit towards the peak as well. So in terms of main takeaways, and I think the biggest thing for me was that Dave really stresses the importance of this buy zone, which is within this logarithmic growth curve. And this buys.
Speaker D: Explain that, Marco, for people who are still trying to get their heads around it.
Speaker A: Right. So essentially, the way that bitcoin's price is tracking, it's tracking over this logarithmic growth curve that he. That he has, that it's a specific way of tracking bitcoin's price. And it's been growing along this curve. It obviously deviates from the center of that curve up or down, you know, throughout time. But it kind of really gravitate for the most. For the average period of time, it gravitates toward. Towards the middle. But when it gravitates lower, towards the lower end of the curve is where typically has been in the past, according to past cycles, has been a really good time to accumulate bitcoin, because from there, usually there's a movement up. Obviously, what happens in the past is not a guarantee that it can happen in the future. But there's this price range, and currently the price range is around 18 to believe, he said. And so this is an area where he's thinking that people can really establish a core position of bitcoin. And what he means by a core position of bitcoin is essentially a kind of like a position that when you hold on for to the next market, that it's a position that performs pretty well. And he also mentioned, I believe, a resistance level around 25k compared to what's happened during this cycle. And that for people who are more cautious, they could look at that 25k level to see like, hey, maybe I should wait for us to cross above this level for me to be able to get into a trade, obviously, nothing we're saying here is financial advice, and this is Dave's opinion, but this is just kind of generally how he looks at that. He also. Something else that I thought was really interesting was that he says he's not really looking at trading bitcoin for profit. And if you want to trade to make money to turn into real assets, trade altcoins. And I'm guessing because he's looking at bitcoin more as this alternative currency that's being capitalized as digital gold, he calls it. So he has this kind of hedge position where he. Where he trades alts to be able to turn it into. Into profit with USD, and then into that profit into real assets. Mike.
Speaker D: Yeah. And as you say, that's Dave's view. And he discloses that he believes this is a highly volatile asset class and speculative, of course, past performance is not indicative of future results. This is definitely not financial advice. And you should do your own research, obviously, on all of this. Marco, I have to say, it's really been a pleasure to do this show with you here today on technical analysis, which you've been following so closely. It's great to see how you've really owned this coverage here on real vision. Final thoughts, final key takeaways that you'd like to leave our audience with.
Speaker A: I just think that it's important for people to establish good risk management approaches just because Dave, and I love Dave's analysis. I think he does a great analysis, and there's lots of great analysts that we have on the show. But just because they use one indicator or one thing, you should be looking at multiple things before you make these decisions. You should be taking your personal circumstances, your personal situation into your decision making, and make sure that you're really establishing good risk management approaches before making trades.
Speaker D: Yeah, you make an important point there, which is everyone's situation is obviously highly individual and different. It's one of the reasons why you can never give financial advice on the air, because you never know who you're talking to. And I always advise people to talk to an investment professional, a financial advisor, just to understand the buckets of their asset classes, understanding their risk categorization, and understanding their own future needs. Marco, back over to you to close the show, man.
Speaker A: Well, yeah, thanks, Ash. Obviously, it was great doing the show with you. We're gonna have to do this more often. I like the back and forth. Right. It's not just us reading something off of something or, like the story we get to have this engagement. So I love that.
Speaker D: Well, it's fun to be on camera with you and to have these conversations. And I'm always curious to hear what you think of this space that you follow, frankly, much more closely than I do.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker A: Well, anyways, for those watching on YouTube, like subscribe and hit the notification bell. That way you will always stay up to date with the latest crypto analysis. If you're not a real Vision crypto subscriber yet, don't forget, it's free. Head over to realVision.com forward slash crypto. That's it for today. We'll be back next week. We have another strong lineup of guests for you, and that includes Monday, starting off with bitcoiner Natalie Brunel, Ben Ziga CEO Jason Rasnik and Foxenheid business anchor Charlie Gasparino. See you Monday, 09:00 a.m. pacific, noon Eastern, 05:00 p.m. london time, live on real Vision crypto daily briefing.
