Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30 30 baby get 30 baby get 20. 2020 baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month, so give.
Speaker A: It a try at mint mobile.com switch.
Speaker C: $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time Unlimited more than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com Dot.
Speaker D: Welcome to real Vision Crypto Daily Briefing here's why you should tune in to today's show. Will 2023 be the year of decentralized finance? I'll discuss this live with Defi guru Mona El Isa. I'm Ash Bennington. Let's jump straight into the latest price action. Yesterday was bitcoin's 14th anniversary. That is the 14th anniversary of the mining of the bitcoin Genesis block, but there was little fanfare. Perhaps not surprisingly, given the headwinds the space currently faces. Bitcoin is trading slightly higher for the day. Today it reached $16,900. That's the highest level in more than a week. Meanwhile, ether is firmly in the green today. ETH is up more than 3.5% in the past 24 hours. It's trading right now at $1,250. That's a price we haven't seen since mid December 2022. Talking of ether, Grayscale's Ethereum trust is trading at a record discount right now of nearly 60%. ETH is just one third the size of GBTC. That's the Grayscale Bitcoin Trust, which is Grayscale's investment flagship bitcoin product. Nonetheless, the massive net asset value on ETH is worth noting. The total nav on ETH, while smaller than bitcoin, is still quite sizable, about $3.7 billion. Crypto analysts recently compiled a list of every grayscale trust product. Only Chainlink and Filecoin are currently trading at a premium right now. Okay, before I introduce our guests, for those of us you watching on the real Vision website, thank you. If you haven't signed up yet, check it out@realvision.com. forward slash crypto. That's real vision.com crypto. This is the best way to get early access to all real vision content. If you're watching on YouTube, please hit like and subscribe and hit the notification about smash everything inside. With that said, time to bring in our guest, Mona L. Issa. She's the CEO and founder of avant garde Finance and the founder of enzyme. Welcome back to real vision, Mona. Always a pleasure to have you with us on the show. Happy New year.
Speaker E: Happy new year to you, too. And thanks for having me. It's great to be back.
Speaker D: Well, it's great to have you back. Obviously, it's been an eventful few months here in the crypto space. I want to jump in right now with our top story. And that is, of course, Sam Bankman Fried's trial is set for October. The former FTX CEO appeared in court yesterday for arraignment. As expected, he pleaded not guilty. Bankman Fried is facing eight criminal charges, including wire fraud and money laundering. He was released on a $250 million bond. It was secured by his parents and unknown, two unknown co signatories. SBF's lawyer have asked the judge to keep the co signatories name anonymous. They argued it's to protect them from public scrutiny and potential harassment. Not surprisingly, this has fanned the flames among conspiracy theorists in the space. Mona, any thoughts? Obviously, the FTX collapsed. Sam Bankman Freed's arrest and arraignment is a massive story. Any thoughts on where we are right now with regard to FTX and the space more broadly?
Speaker E: Well, no. I think everybody is sad and disappointed about what happened with FTX. It wasn't the first time we saw something like that. In 2022, we obviously saw Alameda. We saw 3 hours capital. We saw Celsius. We saw a bunch of other firms, maybe also a lot of less well known ones, collapse. And all really from the same issues. There's a lack of transparency, a lack of ability to view transaction data real time. There's a lack of ability for borrowers to be able to assess the health of a company that they're borrowing from. And that's all because of the opacity that we have in Cefi and especially in crypto Cefi. So what do I think? What do I feel when I see these headlines? SPF has given defi a new lifeline, in my opinion. I think it's really hard to convince people why DeFi is so important, because, generally speaking, C five works, and it's a little bit faster and it's a little bit easier to use. But he's just now given us a really, really great, easy way to explain DeFi to people. If you want an SPF proof future, you should be shifting to DeFi now. It's not that Defi doesn't come with any risks but it certainly can prevent what happened in SPF. With SPF, it can prevent what happened with Celsius, it can prevent what happened 3 hours capital and any other I published a blog post back in early 2017 about how DeFi and smart contracts could have prevented Madoff. So there is no limit to governing people's behaviors and giving transparency to an industry which desperately needs it. That's what DeFi is all about. And am I happy about what happened with FTX? Absolutely not. But am I happy about the. Hopefully the questions people will ask around that. How can we prevent that, and how can we build a better future? Hopefully, that will point people's attention to the direction of DeFi for 2023 and beyond.
Speaker D: Okay, so let's unpack all of that talk about the functional mechanics that you discussed there. I happen to agree with you broadly that this is really about true decentralization, and that's the goal of the crypto space. More broadly, what we've seen in a certain sense, is almost an aberration of all of these highly centralized actors behaving effectively like highly unregulated traditional financial shops. But for people who are listening to this and who may be skeptical, even hesitant, thinking that this framework is just too good to be true, let's talk a little bit about why you believe true decentralization is the future of the space, and also what some of the potential risks are as well in decentralization, because there's a whole attendance series of other challenges that come with the decentralized ecosystem, particularly as we build out the abstraction layers to support it.
Speaker E: Sure, I'm curious to hear what you think are the challenges, and we can reboot those one by one. But starting with the first point you made, I think what FTX collapse has shown us, and some of the other collapses has shown us, is that regulation isn't all we need. It's actually not that helpful. Putting more rules and laws for people to follow is frankly kind of useless if you don't have the transparency to regulate them and to enforce those rules. Otherwise, people can get away with doing very bad things for very long periods of time, and nobody will be able to see that happening. FTX was a perfect example of that. It prided itself being regulated. It was very close with all the regulators. SBF in particular was very close with all the regulators that didn't protect anybody.
Speaker D: But, Mona, is there a distinction here between FTX and FTX us, which is allegedly solvent? There have been stories, and again, this is very difficult to confirm. The sizing and the scope of losses is still not known within FTX as an aggregate, let alone the breakdown individually for those operating units. But it seems that FTX us benefited to a certain extent from greater regulation, clearly not a panacea, and that FTX.com, comma, the global operating entity, experienced more challenges because they were totally unregulated. So do we yet know the answer to that? I think it's probably still an open question.
Speaker E: I think it's probably too soon. But I think the broader point that I'm making is even if you do have a regulated entity, it's still possible, much easier for these kind of things to happen, even with regulation around it. You don't have the transparency, you don't have the real time verification auditability that you should have or that you would have if you were operating in a defi way. So in my humble opinion, I think the regulators should love DeFi, should absolutely embrace it and love it because it gives them the transparency which they can then enforce. They can oversee and enforce without even having necessarily to put on more layers and layers of rules on. But actually what they really need, what they desperately need is the visibility and the look through into bad behaviors.
Speaker D: Yeah, I totally agree with you, obviously, about the benefits of transparency, specifically some of the opportunities that a truly transparent, trustless system could provide. But you did sort of team me up there when you asked what some of those challenges might be for DeFi. And I think that there are manifold challenges. And I'll just. Yeah, let's do it. Let's run through my list. So, you know, there are probably a few different categories here. One that we experienced a great deal of in 2022. Just to begin with. Sort of at random here in terms of the sequence was the challenges that we experienced with hacks in the space. Obviously, it is very difficult to have code that has been sort of thoroughly vetted when the incentives for finding exploits in the code are so great in the form of the ability to expropriate money from the system. Obviously, this is something of a work in progress. Things like bug bounties, figuring out ways of using open source software, bug reporting protocols to secure the system. But what are your thoughts about the potential security challenges from a computer science perspective?
Speaker E: Yeah, so first of all, I want to say with a very big disclaimer, not all DeFi is good. And not all DeFi, or not all projects that claim they're DeFi are good, right? Or sometimes they're not even DeFi. It's a big buzzword, and people like to jump on the buzzword. And you've got to be really careful and do your own research in terms of figuring out which protocols actually withhold the promises that they make or the claims that they make. I think, for me, the comeback of DeFi in 2023 or beyond, whenever it happens, probably 2023, is going to be about the protocols that have been around now for three, four, five years that have shown a robustness in the face of market bear markets and bull markets and disasters like FTX, like Alameda. Great examples. Hardly any of the other compound loans have defaulted because the smart contracts enforce the collateral, the payment mechanisms, et cetera, all the other behaviors. We have now probably a dozen or so protocols, which are coming up to four or five year track records of being battle tested. No hacks, or at least no severe loss of funds audit, you know, regularly audited. And I mean, not just like once a year, once every major release, but every time a new piece of code is pushed, it is audited. Bug bounty problem programs that have been on mainnet for several years. And, you know, when I think about the future of DeFi, I think now it's becoming harder and harder to compete as a DeFi protocol, because if you don't have that multi year track record, it's very difficult to get people's trust. I think another thing that we talk about, the DeFi comeback, where DeFi has already had a DeFi summer, as some people refer to it, back in 2019, 2020, that DeFi Summer was something that really upset me, actually, because that was all about how much yield we could get and not about how good is the tech. What are the benefits of the technologies? What are the risks of the technologies? For me, the major benefits are we're looking at transparency. We're looking at the automation of risk management. We're looking at trustless reporting. You don't need to trust a third party person, auditor, SBF, or anybody to understand what the Nav, what the valuation of a certain protocol is. You can use things like subgraph technology. You can use things like chain link oracles, and you don't have to trust human beings. You have to trust decentralized code, which is much easier to buy into. And this is the infrastructure that I think that the future of crypto asset management will be built on. I think that hopefully, the next bull market we get in DeFi will be a much, much healthier one. Hopefully not driven so much by which protocol is offering me the best yield, but rather which protocol is battle tested, which protocols are battle tested and are going to help me solve the problems I need to to solve in my day to day asset management, market making, business, whatever you are.
Speaker D: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium Wireless 20 2020 get 15 1515 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at mint mobile.com switch $45 up front for three.
Speaker C: Months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: How do you think about what that trajectory looks like to stabilizing these code bases? I mean, obviously in 2022 and before, we saw a significant number of hacks in different categories. Oracle manipulation, reentrancy attacks, smart contract logic, bridge errors being a very common one, Nomad Bridge, Horizon Bridge, Wormhole bridge, governance challenges, things like the Beanstalk farms attack, ronin network. I mean, there have been a lot of these attacks in the space. Then this is just on the computer science side. Again, I'm incredibly bullish on the space, and it's something that I think is going to be the technology and the framework for the future, but we also have to be at least understand it and figure out what those challenges are.
Speaker E: So, like I said, a lot of protocols did get hacked on those kind of attack vectors, but a handful of them didn't. And Coinbase is where it is today as an exchange, as a custodian, because it's never been hacked, whereas many other crypto custodians and exchanges have been hacked. And so I think it's the same philosophy with DeFi protocols. As they build longer and longer track records, those will be the sort of leading protocols of the future. That's kind of how I see it.
Speaker D: I mean, of course, Coinbase is highly regulated. They're a us based company. They're us regulated. They have us personal.
Speaker E: We're talking about the tech now, right? We're talking about the fact that, let's not forget that in CFI, C five had a head start to Defi in crypto by a few years, because smart contracts weren't a thing until 2000. I don't remember the exact date, but 1516. And they certainly were in a very, very immature state at that. So building out custodial infrastructure and centralized exchange infrastructure with bitcoin was a much easier first step. And so it's normal that CFI is sort of ahead of the game and sort of a little bit more prominent than DeFi is today. But if you look at what, you know, Dex to decentralized exchange, decentralized exchange volumes have been doing, I bet. Where would you guess they are today? Where do you think decentralized exchange volumes are as a percentage of centralized exchange volumes?
Speaker D: Well, it's risen dramatically because you've seen the decline of the numerator and the rise of the denominator simultaneously. So on a percentage basis, it's certainly higher than it was at any point in this cycle.
Speaker E: Volumes are down across the board. But I think it's like. I think it's a very bullish sign that tax volume to sex volume is basically back to all time highs. It's around 15%, and I think that's a really telling sign. People want to be in control of their own assets. People are starting to realize the importance of self custody, and people are, you know, they're burnt by what's happened in the last few months. So I think there is an openness to rethinking in a business that previously maybe was scared because of smart contract hack risk or oracle price risk, or any of those. Now they're in a stage where we're thinking, hang on, some of these protocols have been around for four or five years now, and they haven't been hacked. And then maybe we should reassess internally. Maybe we should think about diversification a little bit differently. Rather than diversifying across, you know, Coinbase and Binance, maybe we should be diversifying versus, you know, C five and Defi.
Speaker D: Talking of which, I wanted to move on to our next story about Binance here. According to a report from CryptoCompare cited by Coin Coindesk, binance significantly increased its market share in 2022. The biggest crypto exchange commanded nearly 67% of the centralized exchange market volume in December, which, as you said, is about. Is upward of 80% of the total aggregate volume of the space. I guess this may make sense, given what's happened to their competitors in the space. This despite a 45% slump in spot trading volume on Binance last year. So again, the total number still declining in terms of the aggregate. So relative trade volumes have increased compared to their competitors, while absolute trade volumes have been in steep decline. Excuse me. So all in, trading volume on centralized exchanges fell 46% in 2022. Mona, I imagine this is probably consistent with your thesis.
Speaker E: Yeah, I think so. I mean, like, you said they have fewer and fewer competitors. So that doesn't surprise me in terms of losing or gaining market share. What I find more fascinating is the fact that decentralized exchange volume is taking a larger share from centralized exchange market. And for me, that's a much more important sign, I think I think that people are starting to realize that diversification is really between self custodial and custodial solutions, not between centralized exchange a and centralized exchange.
Speaker D: Bjornenheid yeah, and again, I broadly agree with that hypothesis, but I want to continue walking through some of the potential risks in this space in terms of the inventory of concerns that I have in my head. Another category here would be just general UI UX type issues, key management issues. We know that there are obviously stories of people losing their keys to bitcoin and Ethereum and other decentralized protocols. I guess you could say, add to this the idea that these are, you know, effectively, if you're thinking about this in traditional finance terms, they're essentially irrevocable gross settlement mechanisms. And the challenges for individuals who are not familiar, people who don't have master's degrees in computer science, who don't have the experience to custody their own keys, how do you think about that? Are we in a period right now where we're going to see new layers of software built to simplify that experience and to create greater security around decentralization?
Speaker E: Yeah, I mean, I think we're already seeing it. I think if you look at certain wallet providers, like Argenta is a great example. You know, you now have the ability to set up a wallet and embed a key recovery mechanism for that wallet. So you don't need to be the most technologically scientific person to set up a wallet, but you can actually have what feels like a much more user friendly experience. Another idea is a lot of people do this even when they're managing their own money, setting up a multisig with a two of five or to a four multisig threshold, so that if something does happen to your key and or.
Speaker D: Your key gets called, explain what that means for people who aren't familiar with multisig technology.
Speaker E: Mona yeah, so multisig technology is based, or is basically when you require you basically have a wallet where you require, you can decide through your settings how many signatures you require to pass a certain transaction. So you and I and two of our friends could have a multisig, and we could say that, you know, people that you really trust, maybe family members, and you could say that in order to pass a single transaction, we need two signatures out of four to be able to pass it, which means that if I lose my key, as long as two out of the three of you still have a key, we can still pass transactions or save the funds. And I think that that's something that even individuals are looking much more towards using now for their own assets. Because what if something were to happen to you, if you were to drop dead tomorrow? I'm willing to bet most people, myself included, probably don't have a written description of how to retrieve my crypto funds if something happens to me, right?
Speaker D: Yeah, and I think we're thinking about this in very similar ways. In my view. Ultimately, this ability to do these decentralized logic is the solution to this multisig wallets. There are all kinds of novel and innovative solutions that I've read about. Things like inherent time delays, where you have to have a two out of five, but you have certain time delays that are built into the system. But again, these are just the types of abstraction layers in the software that are being built up. Now, do you have a sense in your mind of what the time horizon will be on this before true decentralized finance is really ready for prime time?
Speaker E: Yeah, I think it will be little steps. I don't think that it's going to happen overnight, but I think sometimes, sometimes in our world, it feels like things are moving very slowly in the sense that, you know, it takes a long time to solve complicated technical problems. But then I look back where we were a year ago, where we were two years ago, where we were three years ago, and I'm amazed at how much progress the industry has managed to accomplish. And I think that that's the bigger indicator, really. Like look at where DeFi washing two years ago, three years ago, four years ago, is probably non existent and just see how much easier and how more interesting the protocols are becoming year on year and the tooling around them. And I think that's what the bigger indicator is.
Speaker D: All right, Mona, we've reached my final category of risk on decentralization, which is the legal regulatory compliance front. Obviously, there are lots of different subcategories here, each of which presents its own unique array of challenges. Aml KYC anti money laundering. Know your client, OFAC. This is the Office of Foreign Asset Control in the United States, the primary sanctions regulator here. Securities laws, stablecoin regulation. We have effectively a peg problem back and forth to fiat. We must all remit our taxes in fiat to a government at the end of the year and finally kind of a related point to all of this, though separate and distinct, the challenge of independent central banks, which control the money supply in western democracies and therefore have the ability to manage key macroeconomic variables, specifically unemployment and inflation. This potentially has a risk, or at least a potential conflict there with the way central banks see their role in the system. How do these things get sorted out? These are kind of the issues about how a decentralized world aligns with the current nation state model that we've been in here since the Treaty of Westphalia. Pretty material kind of legacy challenges to overcome.
Speaker E: Wow. That's a lot of regulatory concerns to address in one go. But I would say that I think that avant garde finance is a great example of a company that's trying to bridge the gap between DeFi and compliant products. And we've looked at a lot of tooling that involves things like some of the problems that you touched on. So how do we think about KYC AML risk when launching DeFi products for institutional grade clients? And you'd be surprised at some of the tooling that already exists. There are certain wallets that embed AML technology inside them, and it can flag up a pool, liquidity pool, a defi liquidity pool, and give you a warning if it's got a high risk or low risk risk attached to it. And I think these kind of tools are extremely important going forward if we want to sort of bridge that gap between DeFi and tradfi and CFI.
Speaker D: One of the challenges in sort of in this particular domain, or subset of challenges to the DeFi space, which I obviously am very passionate about, is this notion that these are not purely technological problems, that there are solutions out there that could, for example, do things around Aml Kyc. But some of these are sort of core philosophical challenges in the space. In terms of the ethos of the space. If you go up to the Ethereum website, for example, and you command f for censorship, resistance and credible neutrality, those two phrases are incredibly important in the ethos of the system. And I'm not taking a perspective here in terms of right and wrong. I'm just pointing out that in many ways, the core ethos that's so important to people in the ethereum ecosystem in many ways is very much at odds with the existing regulatory and legal framework for the way the traditional financial system operates. Again, not taking a moral position one way or the other, just pointing out that there is clearly this clash. And so the challenge on that front isn't simply a technical challenge of figuring out how you can, for example, elegantly, from a technological perspective, ferret out AmL KYC OFAC issues. But really finding a solution that both nation states and supranational organizations, on the one hand, and the core sort of constituent people in the space can agree upon, that's a challenge, isn't it?
Speaker E: Well, I think it's going to have to be a compromise. And I think, you know, if, you know, I think that something that we learned in 2022 is something that is not compromisable is, you know, the tornado cash kind of being able to hide your identity is something that law enforcement sees as unacceptable, whether you agree with that or not. I personally disagree with that. I think it's very sad to see, but they showed very quickly how they can block a bunch of people involved in such an activity with very little effort on their side. And I think on the flip side, you're seeing, you know, a lot of the other benefits being endorsed. So things like, you know, the fact that you can technologically regulate with smart contracts, the fact that you have transparency, the fact that you can automate certain behavior. Automate and enforce certain behaviors like risk management. Programmatically, I think those are all very much endorsed by. By regulators, by law enforcement, by people. And I think at some point, you know, those sort of. There's going to have to be, you know, you can't have two idealists on either side. At some point, you have to meet in the middle, and if they don't, someone else will. If people are not willing to make those compromises, I think other people will.
Speaker D: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real vision crypto daily briefing.
Speaker F: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider for the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what. With each vendor, ramp software collects and verifies receipts instantly. To save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments, time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get dollar 250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy. Ramp.com easy ramp.com easy cards issued by.
Speaker C: Sutton bank and celtic bank members of DIC.
Speaker F: Terms and conditions apply.
Speaker D: One of the interesting things that happened, obviously, in 2022 was the transition of Ethereum from proof of work to proof of stake. We often talk about technology being the solution, but here, in a certain sense, the challenges have been highlighted by the improvements in technology. I'll just give you a brief example and a framework. Obviously, when we talk about Ethereum and Ethereum staking, which is now the method that is used to secure the network in terms of proof of stake, you have this situation where you have publicly traded companies run and regulated example in the United States, us persons, us individuals, and you have this idea of credible neutrality and censorship resistance. So if there is a transaction that can be traced to a wallet that belongs to someone, for example, on the OFAC list, what happens when you have one of these publicly traded companies run by us persons, us directors, us managers who are directing that company, and they have to make a decision, do they include or exclude that transaction? It becomes a binary proposition, and if you exclude a transaction, you get slashed, meaning that the network begins to deteriorate the value of your stake. I mean, this really does bring to the forefront the challenges that the improvements in technology in the space create.
Speaker E: Absolutely. It's going to be very interesting to watch what happens. Yeah, I think, you know, so far, the companies that we have seen engage in staking activity, I think hold these values, hold the core Ethereum values very close to their heart. So I think, you know, we'll, we'll see how things pan out. But I think.
Speaker D: But they've got, they've got shareholders, right? And they've got directors who are, in many cases, us persons. They've got managers who are us persons, and they are not going to violate US treasury policy and incur potentially criminal penalties by including OFAC sanction transactions.
Speaker E: Yeah, I guess it's a key topic. It's a key topic, and it's something that could impact the security of the network as well. I think some, I'm sure people who are following this much closer than I are thinking about that and working with, working on ways to solve those problems. But I'd imagine that, I'd imagine I'd be very surprised if the Ethereum foundation themselves weren't lobbying very hard and working very closely with the key stakeholders in order to make sure that these kind of things wouldn't compromise the network.
Speaker D: When you say key stakeholders, are you talking here about law enforcement and legislators? Are you talking about the people in the community who are maintaining that roadmap and developing the.
Speaker E: Yeah, or the community and the lobby, you know, the lobby organizations around them, players like Coin center and what is it called, the blockchain association in the United States. I think they, you know, they have some very, very key stakeholders from the Ethereum foundation. They're supported by a lot of the Ethereum community. And I'm another, another blockchain is not just Ethereum, which all will have the same problems, potentially, when it comes to staking. So I think that there's a lot of momentum and support behind solving these kind of problems, and let's just hope that that pays off before one of these problems you highlighted becomes a reality.
Speaker D: Yeah, and I think that's right. I mean, I just mentioned Ethereum. Obviously there are lots of other protocols out there. Ethereum, just because it's the largest smart contract execution platform in the world right now, and obviously it seems like to be on the leading edge or the vanguard of what some of these challenges and also opportunities might be. One more story talking about Ethereum, it was a record year for ENS. That's the Ethereum name service. ENS is a decentralized domain naming protocol that runs on the Ethereum network. The record probably makes sense given that ENS's coin drop happened late in 2021. I think November of 2021, meaning 2022, would be the first year, the full first full year, I should say. Uh, for ENS post coindrop, you can think of ENS as a personal username on the blockchain, specifically on Ethereum. It allows people to register names for wallet addresses instead of the default complicated lines of letters and numbers, those alpha characters that are so hard for humans to read. ENS says there were 2.2 million registrations in 2022. That's 80% of all registration since the service launched in 2017. Full disclosure, I received coins during the coin drop after reserving the name Ashbennington eth. Mona, talk a little bit about this, because this is kind of congruent with the stories that we were talking about earlier in the thesis of building up abstraction layers to make the space easier. The idea that it's much easier to remember Ashbennington eth than it is to, for example, enter a very long string of alphanumeric characters. How do you think about a story like this?
Speaker E: It doesn't surprise me. I think ens are just, you know, trailblazing. They're you know, they're doing so well. I don't know anyone at this stage in web three who doesn't have at least, you know, five different ens names. And I think I don't see a future where, you know, we. I hope we don't have a future where we have to remember everyone's public key. It's much, much easier when you're sending money to people, sending transactions to people to have an EnS domain. And I'm. I'm happy to see them doing so well. These guys, you know, really, you know, an example of a protocol that's been around for four or five years. They've lived through the bull markets, the bear markets, really tough times before they had any funding. And what's really interesting about those numbers that you just mentioned is, you know, that 2.2 million ENS domains, I think that's bringing them in something like 1200 ETH a month. So that's probably what, annualizing at $15 to $20 million of ENS revenue per year. And I think that's an ETH term. So that's potentially got a lot more upside if we think this is the bottom. I think those are amazing numbers. When you look at how many other protocols can you name that are bringing in that kind of revenue, it just shows that they found the right product market fit. They've released something that people really want and need. And, yeah, I think it's great for the industry.
Speaker D: Mona, incredible conversation here today. I really appreciate your directness and your candor and the invitation to walk through some of the skepticism and hesitancy that people have around this space, given this conversation, wide ranging, very deep in terms of the context that we dug through. Final thoughts, key takeaways that you'd like to leave our audience with?
Speaker E: Well, key takeaways. I mean, I just think, you know, I think, for me, 2022, the thing that has, has shocked me the most is not that SBF happened. The fact that it's more just like how much people idolized, you know, and looked up to a person like SBF when there was so little, you know, behind, you know, material transparency behind the scenes. I just think that the main takeaways for me, you know, are, I've overheard recently in conferences, people were so shocked because they always looked up to and envied SPF. And I think, well, how did we get to it? How did we get to a stage where people idolize these, you know, pick out these people and idolize them in such a strong way that they can never do no wrong. I think. I think, you know, the main takeaway for me is really the technology doesn't lie, whereas people do lie, people do make mistakes. People do. And that's, for me, the strongest takeaway that I can think of for 2022 and 2023 for me, is cementing the fact that because of that, we need more defi, not less of it, and we need to really work harder as builders to make it easier to use to solve some of the challenges you highlighted. There are probably others, and I'm sure that the DeFi community of builders will work even harder than they have as long as they can for the next 2345 years to make that a reality.
Speaker D: Mona, that's extremely well said, and I think that's spot on. The promise of this space is about putting faith in math and physics, in the immutable properties of empirical science, rather than in human beings. And human beings, as we know, are all fallible. So I think that's exactly right. My key takeaway is I'm broadly in agreement with you about the future of decentralization. And for me, the question that I have that really sort of feels very much open is just how far we are down this path. I think there are major material challenges. We highlighted that outline throughout this conversation, and the question is how far and how long it takes us to walk that path. And of course, one of the interesting things about crypto in general, and Defi specifically, is that essentially it has the ability to bring liquidity to all of these assets immediately. And so you can have technologies that are incredibly, incredibly promising, as I think decentralization is, and you can have simultaneously the price get out of alignment with the true fundamental value and figuring out how you price that risk and how you price the time value of essentially what are almost de facto equity positions in the sense that it allows participation. I know that equity is probably not the right word to use here in terms of the, the legal structure, but it does allow you to have effectively unlimited upside by owning the tokens. How you price that, that is a philosophical question that I just don't think the space is answered yet. Absolutely, Mona, wonderful to have here. I hope I'll come back again and do this soon.
Speaker E: I look forward to it. Thanks for having me on the show again.
Speaker D: Thank you for joining us. That's it for today. If you're not a subscriber yet, don't forget to subscribe. Real Vision Crypto is free. For those of you watching on YouTube. Remember to subscribe and hit the notification bell so you can stay up to date with the latest crypto analysis. Join us again tomorrow. Imran Laka will be here with us live to provide insights on the trends and trading patterns he's looking at in 2023. See you at noon Eastern, 05:00 p.m. london, live on real Vision crypto daily briefing. Have a great day, everybody.
