Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling wherever you sell. With Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your dollar one per month trial period@shopify.com. tech all lowercase. That's Shopify.com tech.
Speaker B: Rick Rule is a favorite in the real vision community. If you'd like to meet up with Rick and get a master class from the master himself, you'll want to head to the Rick Rule Symposium on Natural Resource investing in Florida July 23 to the 27th. You'll get access to industry insiders, elite bullion dealers, gold council members, and Uranium Pros. Just head over to realvision.com rec.
Speaker C: What's up, everybody? It's Ash Bennington. Welcome back to real Vision Crypto daily briefing. Before we introduce our guest all this week, we're talking about a new real vision, a massive upgrade coming this summer. I'm sure many of you still have plenty of questions about it, which is why we're hosting a series of town hall meetings to discuss exactly this topic. The first one took place yesterday. I was on a panel with Maggie Lake and Raoul Powell. We got a lot of great questions from our visionaries, as you might imagine. If you want to know more about the platform, please check it out. Here's why it matters. Prices at Real Vision, like a lot of things in our economy are going up this summer. If you're already a real vision member, you can lock in current membership at up to 50% off or level up at member only prices before Monday, July 24. Here's where to go to check it out. Realvision.com levelupalllowercase. That's real vision.com levelup, all lowercase. All right, lots to talk about on that front. But now onto today's show. Joining me is Joe Chow, partner at Millennia Capital and former Fed economist. Hey, Joe, always a pleasure to have you. Welcome back to the show, Mandy.
Speaker D: Thanks, Ashton. Good to see you again.
Speaker C: Great to see you as well. Okay, Joe, quick overview. Where are we right now with crypto markets and macro?
Speaker D: Yeah, I think we have to start with where we are in terms of macroeconomics and just look at financial markets and crypto assets through the lens of the macroeconomics environment. And so in terms of where we are in the macro, there's really three pieces. One is where we are in the business cycle the second thing is, what's the Fed up to? What's the Fed going to do? And number three is how that's going to impact asset allocations. From that, you can really figure out where capital is flowing in and out between traditional asset classes and digital asset classes. And that will give a more stronger context to understanding where we're going in terms of the digital assets economy. Starting from where we are in the macro environment, we're at the part of the business cycle where Fed policy has halfway permitted through the economy. In fact, Fed policy takes really 18 months to really hit the economy. Both of the rate hikes last year took place in the summer months of 2022. So if you recall, the Fed raised rates three times consecutively by 75 dips each time. So that was a two and a quarter percentage of increases in a matter of three months. Well, both of that rate hikes took place in the summer months of 2022. So you would expect those rate hikes to really hit the economy in the second half of this year, 2023. So we're still not there yet. So in the next coming six months, we'll see many more impact by Fed policy on the real economy, whether it's real estate, whether it's corporate default rates, whether it's consumer lending, borrowing costs. So that's kind of where we are, is we're not yet through this part of the cycle where the Fed policy is going to impact the real economy. So the second part is, what's the Fed going to do? What the Fed is going to do is, I mean, the Fed, in my view, is almost done with rate hikes in this cycle. They see two more rate hikes. I mean, the market seems to think that there's probably one rate hike. But whether if there's one rate hike or two rate hikes coming, we're probably almost done with rate hikes. It's like you're driving out of the tunnel, you can see the lights. Whether it's another five minutes in the tunnel or two minutes, we're almost there. And so I think this is the time when the market has already begun to look at 2024 interest rate environments and making calculations for asset allocations. So lastly, from an asset allocation standpoint, from asset allocators, whether it's pension funds, endowments, foundation, semi offices, and even retail, investors are already thinking about what 2024 looks like from a macroeconomics and finish markets standpoint. And what they're thinking and what they're doing is that they see certainty with respect to what the Fed's going to do in the next twelve months. They see that rates are peaking. We're maybe not done completely, but we're almost done. And that they're beginning to go back into the financial markets. They're making decisions. And so that's why you're seeing sort of the markets becoming a little bit stronger, risk appetite, risk taking, kind of coming back to the market a little bit. The Nasdaq is up, s and P is up. And so I think to summarize it, we're at a part of the business cycle where investors are becoming more certain about what the Fed is going to do in the next six to twelve months, and they're beginning to plan ahead. And that's why you're seeing more financial markets activities. And so with that as a backdrop in terms of digital assets, youre seeing digital assets as one of the sub asset classes benefiting from the increased investor confidence. Thats why you see bitcoin, ethereum kind of going up to 30,002 thousand respectively. Is youre seeing digital assets moving in tandem with the Nasdaq and the S and P because of all those macro backdrops. And so thats sort of a macro perspective. Whats happening, in my view, between digital assets and traditional financial assets?
Speaker C: Joe, that's about as concise and expansive a summary as one's likely to hear in five minutes about the general macro backdrop. Let me just see if I get this right in terms of the context that you frame. I hear you talking about this in three parts. Number one, the general overall macroeconomic state of where we are today. Number two, the fed reaction function to that in terms of policy action on the monetary side. And then number three, the impact that it has on asset allocation throughout markets, digital and capital markets. So, you know, as you frame this out, as you describe this, you mentioned this idea of the lags. This is what Jay Powell notoriously has called long and variable lags between monetary policy and the impacts of monetary policy. That's one of the challenging sort of tricky cycles, aspects of this that's difficult to pinpoint, difficult to sort out. We're in this period right now where markets are pricing. The probability of one more rate hike in at the 726 meeting. That's the next meeting in July 26, some five days from now, next week. Right now looks like price. I'm looking right now at my Bloomberg terminal at almost 100%. 96. That means 25 basis points, current target rate 500 to 525, effective rate about 5.08. That means it looks like we're going based on market probability to roughly 5.5%.
Speaker D: That's about right. And the next rate hike is almost baked in. I think there's two things I'll say, which is as a, having worked on many, many FOMC meetings, like behind the scenes, the lag effect is always one of the underpinnings to financial macroeconomics. The Fed chairman, the Fed governors, the economists have always known for decades and for even almost a century. And so that's always been one of the considerations they put on the table when they think about monetary policy. And so, and so there's, and so, yeah, so what that means is if they rate, if they raise rates, the impact to achieve an economic objective, that the objective may not take place for twelve to 18 months. And that is why if we go back to the 1990s and two thousands with the way Alan Greenspan used to operate was he was actually opaque. And I think he did it for a reason, that because he was opaque, because he realized there's a saying in monetary policy, you want to be opaque and you want to seek moderation. You don't want to go too extreme on either spectrum. You don't want to go too easy or too tight. You want to seek a good moderation in policy, because these policy actions have such a long lasting effect on the economy that you really want to wait and see before you react. And so that's why fed realizes, I think CEO's know that the private markets also know that the private sector also knows that we're going to see many more actual impact by fed policy coming into the market in the next six to twelve months, and that we're not out of the woods yet. And so that's why it's still good to be prudent and cautious at the same time, but to know that we're halfway through, but we're not completely through.
Speaker C: Joe, this is why I'm so glad to have you here, because you're someone who's actually been in the room, helped prepare the data, help prepare the statements. This is what's so interesting to me about where we are today. As everyone knows, the Fed still perceives that inflation in the economy is too high. Here's the unusual part about this particular moment. We're pricing in essentially, as you say, baking in one more rate hike. But then when you look at the forward curve of the futures market, it's pricing in rate cuts. How do the folks in the room at the Fed think about that phenomenon? How do they take it into account? And above all, what does it mean for asset prices going forward.
Speaker D: Great question. This is a very, very good question. I think this question should be mentioned, talked about way more in the press. So one of the things that you don't hear a lot in the press, which is one of the things I like to just say, is that financial market indicators like these are forward rates. And whether it's ois or so for LiBOR or whatever rates that people may be looking, there's several of these market based indicators, in my view, are always biased. Now, why are they biased? They're biased because these rates are derived from Wall street institutions, banks and hedge funds, and buy side and the sell side, who are trading on these assets that have a view on the Fed policy. But these are the same people, the same institutions who benefit from an easier, from Fed policy changes, whether that introduces more volatility so they can trade on it, or whether it's a looser monetary policy so that equity managers can gain on the upside. So, in my view, and that the market based indicators like these forward rates, derivatives based rates, are not, are not only volatile, but less credible, because theyre guessing what the feds going to do. And theyre also biased because the same inputs are from institutions who have, in a way, a conflict interest with what the underlying rate in the economy is, because they see the benefit if rates change in that direction. And so the Fed definitely, in my view, you know, I think, puts less emphasis on market based expectations. And so these market, so what that, what that means logically, is that these market based rates have a bigger impact on the financial markets than on the Fed's actual reaction functions. I'll give you one analogy. If I am the principal of a school and all the students are saying, hey, we got to get out of the class earlier, would you bend to that pressure? Or would you be like, if I'm the principal, I'm in charge? And so I just don't think that the Fed really, the Fed will definitely consider, because all those numbers are reported to the Fed, but they will make their own decisions based on economic objectives.
Speaker C: Well, I guess it depends just how unruly the students are at any given.
Speaker D: Day, in a way.
Speaker C: Joe, I really appreciate the insight that you have from being in the room about this, but when you see, let me ask you this, and as we start to think about the asset pricing aspect of this, what markets begin to telegraph in terms of that conversation, maybe that dialectic between the Fed and Wall street institutions, when you have this pricing in a reversal, a hike, and then a series of cuts being priced on the back? And how do markets react to that if, as you now in sort of wearing your new hat, which is allocating capital? How do you think about that challenge?
Speaker D: Great question. So I think the other part of your question in your previous question, which I didn't touch on, which I apologize, is, is how does the market pricing rate cuts earlier impact financial market assets? So basically, to take a step back, what the Fed has been saying is were going to hold the rates long for high. What the markets been saying is, based on these derivatives, how they trade, the markets been saying the feds going to cut rates earlier than they say. And so do you believe in the market? Do you believe the Fed? Well, I think the Fed probably has a little bit more leverage here because theyre the ones who control the rates. And the market is, you know, is putting a probability based on what the Fed's going to do. But a lot of the financial market assets are priced on market based expectations. And so because market based expectations like these, whether it's inflation rates, whether it's ten year treasury, are pricing a Fed cut that the Fed may not come to. What that would mean is, all things equal, financial markets are getting ahead of themselves and they're probably getting, if you're an equity asset, you're probably getting overpriced. But again, but I would say whether a financial market is fairly priced or overpriced is really marginal because let's say the market, let's say a ten year treasury, let's say a two year treasury is trading at 4.8%, but in two years the Fed may be at 4.6. Well, that Delta, the accuracy between the market and the Fed is maybe only in a matter of basis points. So because it's so small, it wouldn't have a huge impact on financial market assets. But financial market assets are a lot of, are based on these market based measures like these two year treasury yields.
Speaker C: Well, I guess it comes down to this almost philosophical question. What do you believe what I tell you I'm going to do or what I've done in the past?
Speaker D: And that's correct. And that's why there's always volatility with these financial markets. That's why there's always room to trade and make money.
Speaker C: Yeah, exactly. Hey, listen, talking about asset pricing, the question of whether things are overpriced, underpriced, fairly priced, always an interesting conversation. It's a little bit philosophical, but what we can look at is historical performance. Here's where we are right now, year to date on the s and P 500 up nearly 18 and a half percent as we've just passed the h one point the first half of this year. Nasdaq 100, red hot. It's up over 41%. Obviously, there's something worth talking about here in terms of digital asset markets, because of the correlation to digital assets. Bitcoin on the year up some 80 plus percent. Ethereum on the year up nearly 58%. Obviously, those returns on the SPX and Nasdaq 100, significantly above the average annualized performance for the year. And yet here we are, sitting just a little bit past the halfway mark. Red. Red hot.
Speaker D: Steven? Yeah, and I think, just like last year when I was on your show, one of my hypotheses, one of the hypotheses that many market commentators we would talk about is that bitcoin and Ethereum were becoming mature financial assets, that they were following the Nasdaq. And so, just like what Nasdaq felt last year, bitcoin really either really declined now that Nasdaq and S and P have rebounded, if it's at 18% and 41%, respectively, that bitcoin and ether have rebounded. So there's a high correlation. Whether you can debate whether that should be the case, but there's, if you look at it from an empirical data standpoint, if you just run a regression, there's a high correlation between the two asset classes.
Speaker C: Hey, talking about empirical data, we've got some folks in the background wondering about your background. Joe Paul just said it's like a. Like a window into the future. That's pretty cosmic. Tell us a little bit about your background, what you did at the Fed, and how you made this transition into private markets.
Speaker D: For sure. I spent several years in DC and worked in a group that was responsible for helping the board of governors and the chair formulating monetary policy. So that man was looking at a lot of things the way I think about markets, a lot of things I. A lot of the ways I think about the markets, a lot of the ways I analyze the markets were things I learned at the FRB, the Fed, at the Federal Reserve Board, FRB, where. So the way that the groups operated was, you really operate on this FOMC cycle. So every eight weeks, sorry, every six weeks, excuse me, there's eight meetings a year. Six weeks. Every six weeks, there's an FMC meeting. So really the staff kind of have those routines kind of revolving around that schedule. So, like, literally every three weeks before the FM meeting, we would all get really busy gathering data about the state of the macroeconomics, the economic data and the financial market data. And then we would then talk to Wall street and have a view about financial markets and how that impacts how Fed policies really permeate through the economy and the markets of the economy. So a lot of things I describe are things I kind of, I used to work on. I learned. And so I, you know, as a staffer, like working in the monetary policy group, working for the governors and then the chair, like you, you have great exposure to what's going on. I mean, you don't have a vote, but you sort of, like, work behind the scenes. And, you know, for me, I was fortunate that when I early in my career, I, you know, I tend to have a pretty good memory. And I worked on these things, you know, 810, twelve, whatever many times. And after, you know, two, three times of working on these f one team meetings, you know, you kind of memorize the routine and you just sort of, like, know what to do and you just get a lot faster. So for me, I was fortunate to have worked on many of these f one Z meetings in the 2010 to 2015 era. So that was when the economy was weak, rates were low with the return of juice economy. And so you kind of learned how the Fed was thinking about these things. But now, in part, in this part of the cycle, in 2021 and 2023, we have the opposite problem, which is the economy is too strong. They're trying to raise rates to kind of calm the economy. So in a way, you can sort of think that what the Fed is doing now is the inverse of what they were doing ten years ago. And so if you can sort of just extrapolate, that's why a lot of the market reaction functions are similar but not exactly the same because one is going forward, one's going backwards. And then I just wanted to put that into use, and I was decided to go transition towards the private sector. Spent a number of years in consulting and banking and private equity. And now recently, a few years ago, started millennia, which is we look at macroeconomics, but we trade in private markets.
Speaker C: Right? So it's from hiking to cutting, from easing to tightening. That's the full breadth of the cycle that you've now witnessed. Let's talk a little bit about private markets, which you just mentioned. I think it's an important indicator. It's something that folks who are out there maybe watching the news cycle don't have access to harder to benchmark. Talk a little bit about what you see for this economy in private markets and what's its impact on the digital asset, crypto space.
Speaker D: So digital assets, there's been what I would call a consolidation or watch out. Stronger companies are staying, some of the weaker companies have gone, and some of the people have recycled and joined stronger companies where they're starting new businesses. I mean, we're still talking to many entrepreneurs who are starting new web three Defi companies. And so that ecosystem has consolidated, but it hasn't gone away. But independently, what's happening now in the private markets is Aihdenkhdev has become big and fierce and strong, and it's literally what everyone's talking about. So I think for the concept of this show, we can think about how AI and web three and Defi and crypto, blockchain are going to interact. One of the things that, one of the blockchain crypto is its own industry. AI is its own innovation and its own industry. Right now, the two industries are exclusive. They're not like, interacting much. But many people are trying to figure out how would you, because these are two valid technologies. One is blockchain, one is AI and blockchain. So the way to think about it is blockchain is a horizontal layer, distributed technology that helps with transactions and proof of trust. AI is more of a vertical technology where you can run data and train an AI to become really smart. So people are trying, investors and entrepreneurs are trying to figure out how do you narrow the mirrors of AI and blockchain. And there's many theories and people are working on that. But I think, and I was talking to Ash earlier before the show, just to catch up, the entrepreneurs and the VC's who can figure out how you narrow AI with blockchain will have a lot of success in the coming decade.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think that's just absolutely spot on, Joe. And it's something that, it just seems so obvious. I mean, you literally, and it's interesting when you look at just sort of mainstream media, right, you've got all these articles being written by folks saying things like, we have this new technology in AI that makes understanding of what truth really is very difficult to understand. We've got a whole group of people in the blockchain space who are saying, hey, listen, our whole raison d'etre here is to figure out what a source of truth looks like, how it works, how it functions, how it gets voted on. And so it seems just so obvious that these two technologies are going to merge, at least on that point, and probably quite frankly, myriad other ways in which they're going to be integrated. Another, I think, very obvious one when you talk about just two groups of people saying different things, when you think about some of the security flaws that we've seen in the defi space, the obvious opportunity here is for AI to go in and do code audits figure out. And that might be an interesting thing because you might have this war between the offensive AI and the defensive AI. It's just an incredibly interesting moment to be alive to see these technologies, as you say, I think the worlds right now are largely divided. It seems like different groups of folks who are interested in them, working on them, investing in them, however, in the future that may converge.
Speaker D: Yeah. And I think, ill be honest with you, that ive been more excited this year about the private markets than I did last year, because honestly, before OpenAI blew things up with AI, AI was still around, but it just didnt have the mass, the massive sort of acceptance adoption, if you would. I think what Openeye's biggest contribution, there's competing AI tools. OpenAI is only one of these is the most prominent is that it gave every consumer, every person the chance to play with it themselves for free and once every. And then, based on the social proof theory, everyone played with it, everyone was moderately impressed with it. Is GPT the perfect tool? No, but it's more of a minimal, viable product that's like a venture capital term MVP. It's like the bare bone product that works. And so really open the IGBT was an MVP that worked, that established what it is and the potential of it, and people were impressed by it. But really, in five to ten to 15, 20th, 50 years, when AI tools mature, there will be way more sophisticated than GPT is. And so and so and so there's, you know, two kind of ways that a lot of vc's and I go to a lot of these VC conferences, I'm a vc, we're thinking about that AI can really converge with blockchain. One is that you can actually. One of the dangers of AI, the first one is, one of the dangers of AI is how do you keep AI check that it doesn't just overtake the world, that it doesn't teach itself bad things and just overrule as humans. Well, what if you train AI on the blockchain, where the blockchain is basically a set of rules that tells you what you can or cannot do? So what if you train the AI, kind of an artificial human, artificial brain on the blockchain that has a set of rules for what AI can or cannot be, then even if there's no human, human involvement, no human supervision. The blockchain will still be able to regulate AI. So that's one of the ways, theoretically, that these two markets can work together.
Speaker C: So basically you're talking about essentially a kind of blockchain guardrails, where blockchain becomes a kind of verified data set that the artificial intelligence can explore. And you know that it won't jump outside of that sandbox.
Speaker D: Correct. Because think about AI is really just a lot of code training on data. So the code and the memory becomes really smart, but all that data has to run on the Internet or on technology on a database. So right now, the database they're using would be like Warhol database. But what if you have replaced that with a blockchain database where the database will have a set of guardrails that tells AI what you can, what you can or cannot do. Because one of the dangers of AI is less speaking, and the AI just teaches itself to do XYZ, shut down all the electrical grids. Well, with blockchain saying you can't do that. And so even if there's no humans watching it, we're all like, we all, for like an hour, the entire world, the blockchain is still alive because it's a live Internet and the AI is still trained on top of that. So that's one of the ways that, like these two sectors could interact.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's funny, we had an AI engineer who talked about something. I think he called it the killer Roomba paradox, which is, you know, you have a super smart Roomba vacuum cleaner. And after a few iterations of cleaning your house, your apartment, it decides that the source of all of the dirt in your apartment, the source of all the uncleanliness, is you and your pets. So it decides, you know, murder the whole family and listen, it's a joke, obviously, but there's a kernel of truth in it that makes it. That makes it terrifying and interesting as well to figure out how to solve that problem. I know we've gotten caught up in this conversation. I should have said this earlier, by the way, put down your questions in the chat. We'll ask the best ones on the air. Remember, real vision members take priority. If you're not a real vision member yet, go to realvision.com crypto. That's real vision.com forward slash crypto. It's free and will remain so. We're committed to putting out this high quality content for everyone to see. So this is, of course, where you're able to watch the latest Raoul pal, adventures in finance before anyone else. New episodes premiere every Friday. Joe, we've got a question, actually that's just come in. I want to ask you this. Just get our audience involved. How do you, how close do Fed economists work with fed traders like Joseph Wang? Do they interact? Really interesting question, mechanics of how things work.
Speaker D: Joseph Wang is not Joseph Chao word. I've actually got a question before I looked up his background. I think he was there a few years after I left.
Speaker C: But by the way, for people who don't know, tell that story.
Speaker D: Oh, Joseph Wayne is, I think this guy has a Twitter, right? He has like a blog. So he was a trader on the Fed's trading desk. And I've read his research. They're pretty good. He clearly understands the plumbings behind the financial system and he's written on that on blogs and Twitter. And I've read some of his research that are pretty good. I think, you know, I think a lot of what, so there's, the way to think about it is the Fed traders, and there's, there used to be an inside running joke, aren't really traders. When you think about a trader, you're thinking someone like who's a prop trader, where hedge fund trader, where they're buying for their own profit maximization, where they're making a market to make a spread. But Fed traders aren't really traders in the sense that they aren't maximizing profits. They're just like buying bonds to juice the economy, to put liquidity into the system. Or there's all these reverse repo facilities that the Fed uses to better control the different interest rates in the economy. So there used to be a joke that Fed traders aren't like your traditional wealthy traders. They're actually more economists. They're more financial markets analyst economists. Traders.
Speaker C: Joe, the point youre making here, if I understand it correctly, is that essentially traders at the Fed are not trading for the expectation of profit or the objective of profit. Theyre trading essentially to implement policy in open market operations. In other words, you have a group that decides on monetary policy and then the traders at the Fed implement that through open market operation trading. It isnt the same as what you would do if you worked for a hedge fund, for example.
Speaker D: Correct. Take, to take, step back. So the New York Fed is one of the twelve reserve banks. That is what you call first amounts equal is the most important reserve bank. So the FOMC has seven governors from DC and twelve Reserve banks presidents as members. But there's twelve reserved banks. San Francisco, Cleveland New York, the New York Fed's president is like the most important president that's been, that's well documented in. You can google it, you can read all the academic research. It's the fetch. The New York Fed's president is always the FOMC's vice chairman. And so what, how this relationship works is the board of governors and then the, I mean, sorry, the FOMC will make a decision on, let's say, QE or QT. So juicy to print money were to withdrawal liquidity or to buy more assets. So then it's the job of the Federal Reserve bank in New York, the most important reserve bank in the system, to carry out the actual doing of that policy. And so the Reserve bank, the New York Fed, has a group called the Markets Group. You can actually link in a lot of these people. Their job titles are usually trader analyst. A lot of these people, and I used to work with these people very closely, tend to have a master's degree in economics or law. They have probably have. They probably gone to Johns Hopkins site, they went to Princeton, they went to Harvard Community School, they went to Columbia, Sipa. So a lot of them are like non PhD level economists, but they're more practitioners. So they work on a trading desk. I think it's on the 11th floor at the New York Fest building, except in their ones where they will literally just take, let's say the Fed was like, hey, we're going to print $85 billion a month. We're going to do $85 billion of QE a month. This is back in 2014. Then basically the trading desk would then go out to the market, to Goldman Sachs, Morgan, Morgan Stanley. With that order to be like, hey, we're going to buy, well, since we're buying $85 billion a month, what if you divide it into 21 business days? That's basically $4 billion a day. So they're like, every day I have a $4 billion check, I'm going to buy half a billion from Morgan Stanley MBS desk. I'm going to buy half a billion dollars from Goldman Sachs. And then once the traders buy these MBS securities from Goldman Sachs, then the Federal Reserve wires the funds to the account at Goldman Sachs, and then the Goldman Sachs wires the securities to the feds. So the Fed puts them on the balance sheet. That's why you see the balance sheet going up. And so that's kind of, that's QE. So you're ahead taking securities out of system, you're putting liquidity into the system. You're putting cash. And so the trading desk really just executes on that. And every day the desk will kind of write a lot of research and inform the board of governors on market kind of reactions.
Speaker C: So there you go, Paul, get a great inside answer to the question. Policy creation, policy execution. By the way, I should say for people interested in Joseph Wang, if you're a member of real vision, I hosted a debate between Cullen Roach and Joseph Wang on the real vision platform. It was a great debate. I remember it was just sort of very detailed, very respectful, very polite, but very dense in information in terms of the mechanics of the way the Fed works. So if you're interested in this topic and you're interested in hearing what Joseph Wang, an actual trader at the New York Federal Reserve, had to say, go and check out that conversation. I have to say, Joe, it's always a pleasure to have you here, man. We got to get you back more frequently. You always have a lot that's really interesting to say about the intersection between markets and macro and increasingly technology, AI blockchain and others. Final thoughts, key takeaways that you'd like to leave our audience with here today.
Speaker D: I think this is probably one of the most exciting times in investing, is we're coming out of this like the last business cycle, from the 20th until the 2020. We had a market, we had a pandemic, we had a market reset. And now the market has kind of reset, we're kind of rebounding, and you're seeing this new, what are called petri dish of technology enabler called Aih. Right now, there are so few companies working on AI, there's many, many more. But I would expect to see many, many unicorns and ipos to come out of the AI petri dish, where petri dish is like there's new sales populating right now. There's so few companies, there's OpenAI, there's anthrop, there's a few stability. AI, there's coherent, but there's many companies being built on top of that. So we're really excited about the state of the market, where we're investing in AI, in technology companies that hopefully will become the market leaders in five to ten years and go public were coming out of this market reset. And this was a mildly moderate recession, or reset, not a recession to reset. And so as an investor, were very excited about the macro environment stabilizing and seeing many, many opportunities in AI and technology that we could be investing in. And because were an investor, were here to maximize profits. We're excited about the exit outcomes for some of these AI companies that we're investing in that will hopefully come to fruition the next five to ten years.
Speaker C: Joe Chow, Mooney Capital, very well said. Thanks again for joining us.
Speaker D: Thanks so much, Josh. Thanks much.
Speaker C: Thanks for watching, everybody. Have a great weekend.
Speaker E: Rick Ruhl, Rick Ruhl is a favorite of the real vision community. If you'd like to meet Rick and get a masterclass from the master himself, you'll want to head to the Rick Rule Symposium on Natural Resource investing in Florida, July 23 to 27. You'll get access to industry insiders, elite bullion dealers, gold council members and uranium pros. Just head over to realvision.com Rick for tickets. That's realvision.com. ricken.
