Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30. 30, baby get 30, baby get 20. 2020, baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint.
Speaker C: Mobile.Com switch $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: Hello, and welcome back to real Vision Crypto Daily Briefing. Here's why you should tune in to today's show. XRP gets an ally in their lawsuit against the SEC, and it's none other than Coinbase. We'll dig into the developments and why it matters to you. Plus, speaking of regulation, we have Georgia Quinn from Anchorage joining us live for our main interview segment shortly to give us an overview on the state of regulation. So stay tuned for that. I'm Elaine Lee, your friendly crypto host and producer. Ash Bennington is back in the house with me today. Ash, how are you, darling?
Speaker E: Elaine, it's always a pleasure to be here with you. And slightly less hoarse this morning. So things are going well.
Speaker D: Good, good, good. Looking solid. So let's jump straight into the price action then. So bitcoin is still holding steady at around 20,000. It's virtually flat for the last 24 hours, but it's still up nearly 5% over the last seven days. Ash, how's Ethereum looking today?
Speaker E: Ethereum is trading in the range right now. It's up slightly on a 24 hours basis, but ETH has had a much better week than bitcoin. It's still up nearly 13% on a trailing seven day basis, Elaine.
Speaker D: Ok. And now, of course, we are also have to keep an eye on dogecoin because it's definitely been a wild ride since the Musk Twitter takeover. It's nearly up by 11% over the last 24 hours. And then look at this. Of course, after that little doggie was posted up on Twitter on his timeline wearing a Twitter logo t shirt, clocking in around roughly $13 to coin. But on the 7th day is nearly up a whopping 130%. Very volatile. So definitely some wild moves there, right, ash?
Speaker E: Yeah, I mean, it's just pure speculation at this point. Old New York sports fans will remember a sport caster named Marv Albert. And when the Knicks were playing really terrible, he would say it's garbage time at the garden. It's just speculation time in Dogecoin. There's no real rationale for it, it seems. You know, prices are just swinging very wildly on speculation about what Mister Musk will or will not do with Twitter. Will or will not do with dogecoin. Buyer beware.
Speaker D: Handling volatility at its finest. All right, one final crypto that we are following today is XRP. It's slightly up on a 24 hours basis, but virtually flat in the past week as some investors remain on tenterhooks over a high profile court case. Which brings us to our next top story. Coinbase becomes an ally with Ripple Labs, the company behind XRP, in their lawsuit against the US Security and Exchange Commission, the SEC. Now for some background, because this is such a complicated story. In the late 2020, the SEC sued Ripple labs, alleging that they are selling XRP as an unregistered security. Now Coinbase, along with the Blockchain association and others, is petitioning the federal courts for permission to file a friend of the court, that is an amicus brief in regards to lawsuit against the SEC. At the heart of the matter, Coinbase, along with Ripple, is arguing that the SEC did not provide fair notice ahead of their enforcement and that the SEC has been inconsistent regarding its approach to enforcement. Ash, this is a long, complicated stories over the past years within the crypto community, so lots to unpack. The drama keeps unfolding. Why is this story so, so important?
Speaker E: Well, you know, it's interesting for a couple of reasons. Coinbase, of course, is one of the largest players in the digital asset cryptocurrency space. They have, in fact, filed an amicus brief. This is a friend of the court brief. That means that they're not a direct party to the action, but they want to weigh in on it because they think they have some relevant facts for the court to understand. I think it's probably fair to say Coinbase's brief here is about seeking greater clarity on legislation. It's important to note that Coinbase delisted XRP when SEC filed suit against Ripple. It's probably also fair to say that Coinbase has been under some social pressure within the crypto community to back ripple ever since. I want to read a quote here by Paul Grewal, the chief legal officer of Coinbase. Quote, our point is pretty simple. This is a textbook case of just how critical fair notice is any reasonable due process under law. So to break that down a little bit for those who may not know, the due process clause, of course, is enshrined in the Constitution. Courts have later held that defendants need fair notice, meaning that language of criminal statutes must be clear to give reasonable notice of what is prohibited. We're going to have to wait and see how this actually plays out in the courts, but I think that it's one of the highest profile cases in this ongoing question surrounding this big picture issue of what digital assets are and are not securities in the eyes of us law. Elaine.
Speaker D: Yeah, just to bring up another tweet from Paul, and it's quoted by suing sellers of XRP tokens after making public statements signaling, signaling that those transactions were lawful. The SEC has lost sight of this bedrock principle. Strong words indeed from the chief legal officer from Coinbase. And it should be noticed that Cointelegraph reported that Brad Garlinghouse, the CEO of Ripple, said at a recent DC Fintech week that he believes that the case should be wrapped up by the middle of 2023. And speaking of regulation, we've got another juicy story regarding the SEC. In an interview published yesterday with our good friends at decrypted, SEC, commissioner Hester Peirce argued that the SEC is not treating crypto the way it would any other asset. As Commissioner Peirce told decrypt, crypto is being treated differently, and it's not the good kind of different purse argues that crypto is being handled with a much more aggressive approach and that it is driving people away from the SEC and to the CFTC, which is the Commodities Futures Trading Commission. However, this is a sharp contrast to the views of Gary Gensler, the current chair of the SEC, who has argued that he and the SEC treat crypto no differently than any other commodity and that he encourages any crypto companies to come in and talk to the SEC. So, Ash, what do you make of this drama going on over there?
Speaker E: Well, you know, Elaine, I think the real story here is what Commissioner Persis says. I want to read a couple of quotes that I think illustrate this point more broadly. Quote, the customers aren't in the room, the competitors aren't in the room, and the regulator has leverage because the regulator is about to bring an enforcement action. It's just not a good way of regulating. This is this idea that we've talked about here on the show before, the idea of regulation by enforcement, rather than having sort of clear guidelines that good actors who want to be good actors in the space can, can follow. And then for emphasis, I think this point is important also from Commissioner Peirce, quote, ultimately, you're going to see aspects of this thing called crypto permeating all aspects of our lives. I think this is an incredibly important point. You can see how she's setting this up, this question about the notion that effectively you have the customers who aren't in the room, you have competitors who aren't in the room, and you have this very broad secular trend of digital assets becoming increasingly more important to the us economy and indeed to the global economy. But I wanted to point out a couple of other things here. There's some excellent reporting coming out of decrypt on this. And one of the points I think, very much in support of the points that Commissioner Peirce was making is that SEC has not issued a single exemptive order. Decrypt defines this rather elegantly here, which is a statement from the agency clarifying that a certain action would not be considered a securities violation or pursued by the SEC as such, meaning the SEC has essentially not given guidance about what good behavior looks like. They've told by enforcement action what some of the bad behavior would look like. And this really is the very heart of the challenge. And I'm extremely excited, actually, to talk to Georgia about precisely these questions. Obviously, I'm not a lawyer. I wade through this information like everyone else, trying to make some sense of it. But one other final point here that I wanted to, that I wanted to make, and this is, this is really a great one. Nico Bruga grabbed this this morning. This is a quote from, from Mark Cuban, obviously the great us entrepreneur, in response to SEC chair Gary Gensler, which is, I think, pretty amusing. And it certainly, it kind of sums up a certain vibe that we see in the crypto space. Mark Cuban, in response to chair Gensler saying, come in and talk, says, quote, come in and talk to who set up an appointment? How you using calendly these days? And then he goes on to say, since you understand crypto lending and finances, why don't you just publish brightline guidelines you would like to see and open it up for comment. So that's really kind of the general tone in the space right now. That's the framework we find ourselves in. That's the conversation that we're having right.
Speaker D: Now, Elaine, sassy and demanding for answers. Well, hopefully that changes sooner rather than later because it's obvious that everyone, including those within the SEC, are screaming for greater clarity. But that's enough on regulation right now. Onto our final story. Well, Halloween might be over, but we've still got some scary news. According to Cointelegraph and the blockchain security firm Peck Shield, October 2022, otherwise known as hacktober saw roughly 44 exploits across 53 protocols. A total of $760 million was stolen in that month alone. Overall, as Peckshot tweeted, that brings the 2022 total of hacked funds to a whopping $3 billion thus far this year. That's double the $1.55 billion lost in all of 2021. October's biggest attacks include the BNB chain exploit, in which 586 million was lost, according to Pet Shield. However, of the 760 million that was stolen last month, nearly 100 million was returned. As for the year overall, of the nearly $3 billion stolen, roughly 860 million, to be more precise, has been returned. Definitely some scary stats right there. Remember, everyone stay safe out there. Don't go clicking on any dodgy links. Anyway, that's all the news for today and on to our main interview. Let's bring in Georgia Quinn, general counsel for Anchorage Digital. Ash, Georgia, super excited to hear this conversation, especially considering all regulation news today. I'll be back later with the key takeaways. Take it away, Ash.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless 30 30 Biddy get 30 bid to get 20. 2020 to 15 1515 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint mobile.com switch $45 up front for three.
Speaker C: Months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for a limited time unlimited more than 40gb per month slows full terms@mintmobile.com Dot George, it's great.
Speaker E: To have you back on the show. It's the perfect day to have you hear all of this news flow around what's happening in the legal and regulatory fronts, and news flow coming out of Anchorage Digital. So much to talk about. Where do we start?
Speaker F: Oh my gosh. Well, first of all, Ash, thank you so much for having me. It is great to see you again. Poor Elaine. She's out of here because she heard regulation was coming back up, so she's got to get a coffee. I get it, I get it. I don't know. Based on your opening stories, I'd love to hit some points with respect to those issues.
Speaker E: Jump in.
Speaker F: Maybe we start with Coinbase and Ripple.
Speaker E: Let's do it.
Speaker F: Excellent. Just one observation I have always had about Coinbase and its current legal positioning is the fact that it is a publicly traded company. And during its s one process and the entire going public endeavor, they were investigated heavily by the SEC. They reviewed all of their documents that are filed as exhibits to their s one. They reviewed their business plan. They reviewed all of their public disclosures. They knew each and every token that was being listed and offered on that platform, and yet they took no issue if that company was actually engaged in illegal activities, knowingly illegal activities. Why on earth would we allow that company to go public? Why on earth would we allow publicly traded pension funds and mom and pop retirement funds, retail investors, to be able to invest in such a company? I mean, it was trading XRP right under its nose, so I find that odd. Also, if we look at the recent insider trading case, the wall case, right. They list nine.
Speaker E: This is a case of, I believe it's fair to say, actors who were not, whose interests had diverged from the company. Right. They were doing sort of this freelancing operation. According to the filings, this was not something that was being carried out sort of by design by the company. Is that correct to say 100%.
Speaker F: These are bad actors. These are bad guys. They messed up, made big mistakes. Those guys should not have done what they did. But the point is, in order to be prosecuted by the SEC, those underlying assets have to be securities. Now, I'm not talking about the wire fraud case. DOJ can bring any old claim at once, and that's great. But the SEC case requires those underlying assets to be securities.
Speaker E: Right?
Speaker F: So, ergo, if those are securities, then does that not impute the trading of unregistered securities to coinbase itself?
Speaker E: So what you're pointing out here is.
Speaker F: Essentially, there nuances here, right.
Speaker E: These are effectively all of these weird paradoxes or seeming paradoxes that we see in the space right now because of the lack of sort of effective declarative regulation.
Speaker F: Exactly. And if it was so clear, you know, according to some regulators, that these assets are indeed securities, then how could we have let this happen?
Speaker E: So where do we. It's a great hypothetical question. And where do you land with that, right. And how do you do business in this environment with all of these sort of weird, paradoxical, strange circumstances that we find ourselves in?
Speaker F: Yes. So, I mean, here at Anchorage, we really seek out regulatory clarity, right? So we are looking for black letter, white paper rules that we can really cling to. And that's what kind of led us to seek out this federal banking charter, because that made it, you know, there are very clear rules about what is required of a bank to operate, very clear rules about, you know, the different standards that we will be held to. And so, you know, even though it is a very, very strict regulatory regime. We chose to take that path because we knew that there was certainty. And it's, you know, it's, it's actually helped us in many ways. It's allowed us to operate on a, on a federal, you know, on a, on a national scale. Whereas before we were having to look to each independent state at their regulatory regime and determine what kind of licensure we needed to operate there, sometimes those states would actually conflict and you'd have to provide certain, you know, procedures for one state and different for another, and that's not scalable. We also are now able to be, you know, unequivocal qualified custodian, which is a particular type of custodian required by SEC registered entities not to take anything for granted.
Speaker E: Talk a little bit. I know you've given the background here on the federally chartered framework and the custodian relationship, but talk a little bit about what role Anchorage plays big picture in the digital asset ecosystem right now.
Speaker F: Sure. And I probably should. I should intro with that, right? But Anchorage Digital is a platform for institutions that are looking to custody, trade, participate in governance, staking and financing opportunities with digital assets. We are a crypto native firm. Our DNA is in security infrastructure. So the solutions that we offer come from a security first bedrock, and then we build functionality on top of that.
Speaker E: And important to point out that your clients are some of the most regulated types of entities here in the United States and I guess potentially abroad. Physical idea here is that this is obviously for people who have these regulatory requirements because of the nature of their own businesses and then need to follow these protocols, procedures and legal rules.
Speaker F: Exactly. So we feel that digital assets will only get mass adoption once we have a regulated, safe place for them to exist. And that starts with institutions, and other institutions will only rely on a heavily regulated entity to perform these kinds of, you know, frankly, safety and soundness sort of activities. So we have. We are custodying these assets without, you know, without the keys, you don't have the coin. So we need to make sure that that fundamental layer is in place before you can do anything else. Right. I can't trade an asset if I don't know it's going to be held safe when it settles. And so by providing that underlying architecture, we allow other institutions to safely participate in this ecosystem and know that then they can provide their products to their ultimate customers.
Speaker E: Talking of which, I know we've got a little bit of news flow out of Anchorage Digital yesterday with the deal with Apollo Global Management. This is a us private equity giant announcing that you guys were essentially doing a joint venture, chosen Anchorage Digital as its global custodian. Tell us a little bit about what that means and what its significance is.
Speaker F: Yeah, I mean, it's watershed moment for us. This is true adoption by some of the marquee names in traditional finance. And we're so happy that they are working with us, and they've been to date, such incredible partners, and we're really looking forward to kind of. I mean, this is our dream, right? We're a little hokey over here, but we are building the future, and this has been a great partner to do that with. And I think it also shows that we are not in some kind of death match with traditional finance where the crypto is going to take over. That is just not the case. And building these true partnerships and the symbiosis between these kind of old world and new world is essential if, if we're ever going to succeed with this asset class.
Speaker E: Well, it is really interesting because there is this open question is, is it symbiosis or is it civil war? We saw these conversations in the space a couple of weeks ago with, I guess, Sam Bankman Fried and Eric Voorhees talking about the future of Ethereum and some other assets. Would they be regulated? Would they not be regulated? Things like, obviously, we've been talking about here whether or not things are securities. Other questions about AML, KYC, and also OFAC compliance. How do you think about some of the ethos in the space? If you go up to the Ethereum website, for example, and you command f, and you search for the phrase credible neutrality or censorship resistance, you see this comes up a great deal. These are values that are sort of very important to people who are in the open source side of the space, and yet we have this regulated space. On the other hand, how do you think about reconciling those two positions?
Speaker F: Yes. So to me, it's really simple. Um, and I love it when people are like, oh, no, we're not regulated. This is, this is unregulated. Um, yeah. So there are more rules in this country about what you can do with people's money than what you can do with people's kids. So think about that, okay? If you take somebody's money and you promise to do something with it, and then you don't do that thing, you broken the law. Like, actually don't care what you call it. I don't care the terminology. I don't care what technology you're doing it on. It's illegal. And so that is just like, first and foremost, I think what we need to understand now, things have different definitions and things fall into different buckets of our wonderful regulatory architecture that we have in this country where every single asset has its own primary regulator. That's a little annoying and, you know, kind of inefficient for an asset like this that like, doesn't really know borders or boundaries, but it's. It's disingenuous to say that you're not regulated and that this, and that this, you know, ecosystem is not regulated. The level of regulation.
Speaker E: And I think, I think the claims among even broader than that. Right. That it's not. That it's just. It's impossible to regulate that. There are those, particularly in the libertarian side of the spectrum would say, I.
Speaker F: Mean, I think there are some things that the actual code, and especially, you know, open source code operating in the wild. Yeah. Tough to regulate code that someone is making money off of because it has a smart contract attached to it that pays them, you know, a certain percentage of transaction fees on a periodic basis for which they enter into legal contractual arrangements. That's, that's, that's not unregulatable. You know, that is a guy who's signing papers and taking fees. That kind of sounds like a broker to me. So, I mean, we have to be realistic about what we're talking about. I think. I think fundamentally that open source code operating agree 100%. That's, that's, that's speech that should not be regulated. But we have to, like, really talk about what's happening on the ground, because I have a lot of, you know, I mean, DeFi is, is wonderful, and I, and I love the, the thought project of it, and I think there are some wonderful projects out there, but I know a lot of DeFi protocols that are legal entities operated by people that have employees and are making money and they're companies.
Speaker E: Yeah. And they look like a lot like financial services. In fact, in many cases, exactly like financial services.
Speaker F: Exactly like when you take people's money and promise to do something with it. Baseline.
Speaker E: Yeah. You mentioned sort of the regulatory framework. We have. One of the big questions that's been discussed here on this show and elsewhere, of course, is SEC versus CFTC as a primary regulator of the space. How do you think about that question?
Speaker F: Yeah, I mean, I love this debate because I think naturally, the place for cryptos is with the CFTC. I think once the space truly evolves and kind of becomes what I think we're envisioning it to be, it really should be traded like forex. And that squarely falls within the ambit of the CFTC. Now, you know, we're obviously not there yet. There's a lot of growth and maturity that needs to happen, and frankly, a lot of infrastructure that needs to be put in place. But I don't think that the SEC, at least with the current state of regulatory framework, like the way the rules are actually written and work, will allow digital assets to actually function. Right. Because when you, when you read like the 34 act, it requires for all transactions to have a clearing agent and a transfer agent and, you know, an underlying broker and a clearinghouse. And so those things are not necessary on the blockchain. And if we continue to require those elements, it will destroy the whole beauty and purpose, frankly, of the blockchain.
Speaker E: So one of the things, I want to throw this out as a wildcard, and I've talked about this as to me perhaps the single most potentially problematic thing that's happening in the space right now, because it feels to me like sort of an unstoppable force meeting an immovable object. We've been talking about the regulatory action, about whether things are or are not securities. The Howey test, to me, I think that there's been some regulatory forbearance shown here. One of the interesting things about this debate that we were talking about last week around Ethereum is questions about OFAC sanctions, which seem to me something that is, I suspect there's going to be less forbearance on behalf of the government when you see the potential to effectively move massive sums of money from sanctioned entities around the world. How do you guys think about that? How does it relate to your business? And what are your thoughts more generally on that?
Speaker F: Yeah, I mean, we're a BSA regulated entity, so we think a lot about this. And we have procedures in place to vet the wallet addresses where assets are coming, the wallet addresses where assets are moving to. So we really work to be, to ensure compliance with all OFAC sanctions. I see. Where it gets a little trickier is kind of what people have been talking about with respect to node validation. And what if, you know, you validate a block, or you propose a block that contains a transaction that.
Speaker E: And what if the U in this clause is a publicly traded us corporation, with us persons who are directors and officers, and you're regulated by OCC and a whole Alphabet soup of other agencies? Boy, that's one hell of a question.
Speaker F: I agree. And what we need in that instance is like some clear guidance, because this cannot be regulated in a way where those people should have any liability that they are not furthering illegal or sanctioned transactions. Okay? They are participating as basically a common carrier to move information from one place to another. If I send an email over, Microsoft Word, email, whatever their email is that is furthering, you know, my money laundering activities. We don't go sue Bill Gates. Right. So it's. It's the pipes. You don't sue the pipes. You don't. You don't hold them accountable. You don't. You don't go after the. The public highways where the robber drives away on. And that's really the analogy that needs to be made. It's the underlying infrastructure that they're just helping. It just so happens that instead of, like, a centralized company like Microsoft that maintains the infrastructure, it's a decentralized group of participants that make sure that the rails work and the roads are paved, et cetera, et cetera.
Speaker E: It's a quite reasonable argument. Whether treasury sees it that way remains to be seen.
Speaker F: We'll work on it.
Speaker E: Let's talk a little bit about what's happening in Asia. I know that you guys are doing some expansion there. Tell us a little bit about the asian market and what you see.
Speaker F: So, yes, we are very excited about Asia. We've had a lot of outreach and demand from many countries in that area. And probably most exciting for me, because I'm a nerd, is the regulatory clarity that Singapore has provided. So the MAS has promulgated a set of regs specific to digital assets that.
Speaker E: The Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Speaker F: Correct. So, I mean, it's just. It's refreshing, frankly. Kind of just another point to make is that the monetary Authority of Singapore oversees all financial services.
Speaker E: Right.
Speaker F: So I don't have literally 17 different agencies that I need to go apply to, you know, for licensure or, you know, provide certain documentation to. It's just one centralized authority that, you know, it kind of makes sense, right. Because my products and services are related to one another and the fact that they understand the way that they connect and they get the kind of holistic picture of our business, really. I mean, it makes sense from a regulator standpoint. So, yes. So, long story short, we're currently in the licensing process in Singapore, and we're very excited, and we're finding the process, again, refreshing.
Speaker E: Georgia, you're one of our favorite guests on this show. You answer the hard questions, which I always appreciate. I know we've covered a lot of ground here today. Final thoughts, key takeaways that you'd like to leave our viewers with, you know.
Speaker F: I mean, we didn't get to touch on it, but I do want to point out that hope is not lost. Okay. And Congress has the power to act. And in this country, I think right now they're kind of like Obi Wan Kenobi and our only hope. So there are a couple bills currently.
Speaker E: It's a scary thought.
Speaker F: I know, right? I hate myself for saying it, but it's really all we got. So that's where we are, folks. But seriously, there are two bills that are gaining bipartisan support. One is with respect to stable coins, and we think it's got a lot of potential. So we're hoping that this is kind of just the initial move that gets that flywheel going. Right? Because crypto and digital assets are not partisan. They're nothing bipartisan, frankly. They're nonpartisan. This is technology. It knows no politics. And so the fact that we haven't been able to really generate bipartisan support has been extremely frustrating. But now the fact that we are starting to get some is actually really positive. And so stablecoin bill and then also there's a bill on the horizon kind of moving a jurisdiction to the CFTC for hopefully a majority of these assets. And so those would be two really great milestones in the regulatory framework if we could move that forward.
Speaker E: Georgia, your sunny optimism has warmed my heart this morning.
Speaker F: I'm in the lemonade business.
Speaker E: Let's bring Elaine Lee back in, who I know has been listening eagerly to all of this.
Speaker D: Well, hot damn, Ash and Georgia. That was definitely my daily dose of crypto regulation right there. A complex conversation, but one that the industry has to continue to have every single day to really push through the crypto adoption forward. Really enjoyed listening in. Look, here's what I picked up. Over to the takeaways from this conversation. Number one is that operating with regular regulatory clarity gives you certainty. It allows you to operate with conviction. I guess so we've heard time and time and again the complexity is risk. But following through the black and white steps that Georgia mentioned, it allows a company like Anchorage to move forward on a national scale rather than by states. Number two, something else that I picked up was this is a moment to really mark true adoption of crypto. We keep hearing institutions are coming, institutions are coming to crypto. But with a partnership like this between Anchorage Digital and Apollo Global, which is one of the world's largest asset managers, and I read something that they are a private equity giant that looks, looks after the management assets of 513 billion. That is a solid signal that we needed in order to survive another week in this bear market. And that institutional money is already here in the crypto space. But they're here for the long run. So it's only a matter of time that we need to strap up again and put our seatbelts back on. And as Georgia says, it's not that they're in the death match. The two can work together. And over to my final point, I like the conversation about Asia. I'm asian and I love Spain. So much time out in Asia. But Singapore is the front runner of crypto clarity in terms of regulation. Look, it's no secret that, you know, Singapore is making some of the biggest waves over there, but the licensing processes, processes go through quicker. And as Georgia said, it's refreshing. So there's a collective agreement within the singaporean government, across all boards that deal with financial services in the world of digital assets. Those are the things that stood out to me the most. Ash and Georgia, what do you think? Did I get that right?
Speaker F: I'm patting myself on the back right now.
Speaker D: I did a great job.
Speaker F: Yes, that sounds, yeah, you should. If that's what you got.
Speaker E: It always sounds great when Elaine sums it up.
Speaker D: Well, okay, I don't think that. Let me just take a little bit of the note that we have no time for viewer questions today, so I have to wrap up with both of you. Thank you both for your conversation today. All right, for those of you watching, don't forget to subscribe that real vision crypto is free. For those of you watching on YouTube, smash everything, the like, button the bells, the whistles, and subscribe. Join us tomorrow for our interview when Marit Seibert sits down with Pranav Khanade, a digital asset portfolio manager at Vanek. See you all then at twelve noon Eastern live on real vision crypto daily briefing. Bye.
