Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30. 30 baby get 30 baby get 20. 2020 baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month, so give.
Speaker A: It a try at mint mobile.com switch.
Speaker C: $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time Unlimited more than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance, join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten. That's podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Now to the top analysis of today's crypto markets.
Speaker E: Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are holding steady above key levels, but with fresh concerns around DCG and other market participants. Will this recent rally that we had last, we're going to discuss this with technical analysts. Will Clemente, welcome back to real Vision crypto Daily briefing. My name is Marco Oliveira. Let's jump straight into the latest price action. So the total market cap has once again dipped below $1 trillion. We're following developments by the Justice Department. A press conference was set to begin about right about now, a tweet announcing that the conference said it would be about, quote, international cryptocurrency enforcement action. Some rumors speculating right now, just speculation that it could have to do something with finance. We saw a sudden change in sentiment around the time that this tweet landed. Before that, bitcoin had hit a high of 21,500 that hadn't seen since September. It then fell sharply and is now trading below 21,000. However, it remains some 20% higher on a weekly basis. Ethereum is trading lower as well. It hadn't enjoyed the same, quite the same bounce as bitcoin. Nevertheless. Nonetheless, it's up 15% on a trailing seven day basis, currently changing hands at around 1500. Another token that we're looking at today is Shiba. Shiba Inu, the so called dogecoin killer is one of the best performers today. It rose by double digits on a 24 hours basis earlier today, but has given up most of those gain gains. Shib is also now the 13th biggest token by market cap, according to data from crypto quant cited by decrypt. The amount of shib tokens being transferred to exchanges saw a massive spike on January 10. Over 14 trillion tokens were deposited on exchanges exchanges that day. Decrypt says the surge in the price suggests the holdings are possibly being used to open derivative positions rather than being sold in the spot market. However, if the current shib price action is rooted in the derivatives market, it could experience increased volatility if long positions begin to liquidate. The team behind the token is also trying to turn it into more than just a meme. Earlier this week, they announced they're building Shib's own layer two network, called Shibarium, to operate atop Ethereum. Obviously there's many more charts that we're going to go over with Will, so let's bring him in right now. Will Clemente is the co founder of Reflexivity Research. Will, welcome back to the show, man. How are you doing?
Speaker F: Hey, Mark. I'm doing really well. Nice to see you again.
Speaker E: Yeah, nice to see you. How was your new year's? How's everything going that way?
Speaker F: Pretty good, man. Just, you know, grinding it out and excited for new year. You know, after the shit show of last year, I don't think this year could be any worse, at least from a kind of crypto native contagion perspective. So I feel optimistic for this year and I'm excited for what 2023 has in store.
Speaker E: Awesome, man. I love the optimism, especially with like, stuff like this news we were just talking about with the Justice Department and everything. We're going to get to that in a little bit, but before that, I just want to send a reminder to the viewers. Make sure to pop your questions in for will in the live chats on the real vision website or on YouTube. You can also ask them in our discord, our producer is going to pick the best ones and we're going to ask Will at the end of the show. With that said, let's jump into our first story. So one of the major ongoing concerns for crypto investors is around the DCG digital currency group. Bloomberg reports the company has halted dividend payments. In a letter to shareholders dated January 17 seen by Bloomberg, DCG says the move is aimed at, quote, strengthening our balance sheet by reducing operating expenses and preserving liquidity. DCG subsidiary crypto lender Genesis has been locked in a legal battle with the exchange. Gemini. Last week, us regulator securities and exchange sued both Genesis and Gemini over allegations of selling unregistered securities. So obviously, will, this has been like a really, you know, an ongoing saga. People are wondering, is the contagion over? You know, we had a huge, obviously huge event with, you know, situation with FTX. Now we're having rumors with, with binance and other kinds of things. I mean, what are your thoughts? What are your thoughts? Has leverage been flushed out? Do we have a, something to be concerned about with DCG Genesis and at all in terms of whether something else might happen in the markets?
Speaker F: Sure, it's a great question. I think it's first important to state that, generally speaking, cyclically, whenever you have any type of credit contagion, and conversely, in the bull market, when you have a sequence of positive events, market participants just naturally continue to extrapolate out further, worse and worse potential events in the future in a bear market or further positive events taking place in a bull market. And so I think over the last few months, with a lot of the craziness that we've seen, basically every single major centralized crypto entity in the space blowing up, with the exception of maybe a few that you could count on your hand. I think it's understandably so that market participants have been extrapolating out that there'll be further contagion. But in my view, I think FTX was probably the biggest last shoe to fall. I think a lot of the concerns around Binance were bearish euphoria of extrapolation out of a second FTX taking place. I think in terms of just looking at the reserves of finance from not only just their proof of reserve, but independent blockchain forensics that different on chain data providers have done on Binance's wallets, you could see $50 to $60 billion in assets that binance holds. That might be down a bit from the last time I looked at it, but it's probably somewhere in that same ballpark, which is a stark contrast to watching Alameda pull a bunch of shitcoins out of random defi farms trying to shore up liquidity as people began to pull their funds off of FTX. I think in general, we've probably seen, like, the largest shoe to drop in terms of FTX. And with the DCG concerns, I think they likely have a solvency issue. But I don't think it's to the same degree as FTX where it was like, flat out fraud. Right. I think you've seen kind of like a mismanagement of risk from Barry, basically piling borrowed funds into trying to prop up the GBTC price. Some of those came from Gemini earn, and of course, we've seen SEC charge them as basically saying that it was an unregistered securities offering, which makes sense because they were basically taking funds from retail to pile into basically doing stock buybacks on their trust. So in terms of outright fraud, in terms of a comparison to FTX, for example, I don't see it that way. And I also think these things probably take longer to play out than people realize. I mean, this isn't a comparison directly to Mount Gox, but I mean, just look at kind of how mount Gox bankruptcy proceeding played out. I mean, it's taken, what, nine years now. And so I think for the expectation of DCG to basically be liquidating all of their assets immediately, I don't think that's a realistic expectation. I think it probably plays out longer than people expect. And I also think, you know, people need to remember that Barry has, like, a bankruptcy restructuring background before he got into crypto, and he understands how to play this game really well and do kind of a lot of different shell games between the different entities to try to protect the parent company of DCG itself. And so with that, I think a lot of the kind of immediate market related concerns are probably a bit overblown. But it is a really unfortunate situation for the Gemini earn users that, of course, everyone's responsible for their own funds, but at the end of the day, retail investors aren't going to be checking the ten page long terms of service, let's just be honest. And so ethically, I think there's a lot of concerns to be made around the fact that they were basically taking customer funds and then using them to take on venture bets and share buybacks and things of that sort. And so I think there'll probably be some type of regulations that are put into place to prevent that moving forward at a minimum.
Speaker E: Yeah, very interesting. Yeah. And I kind of agree with you. I would say that, you know, yeah, there might be a solvency issue with DCG, but I would it have the impact the same for selling that we saw with FTX? Maybe not very likely, especially because it seems like a lot of the players that are left right now in crypto are still very serious about crypto. They're just long term believers, and I think they're going to hold the asset. Yeah. So as we're speaking about centralized exchange, centralized players, you know, the crypto winter is having an impact on other big players. Crypto exchange Coinbase has announced its halting operations in Japan. All users of Coinbase Japan have to withdraw their money by February 16. The company blames ongoing market conditions for the move it has, it had earned a license to operate in Japan in June 2021. This decision follows a similar move by Kraken. In contrast. In contrast, binance is in the process of returning to Japan after previously exiting the market. You know, will, when they say that the company is blaming ongoing market conditions for the move, what do you make of a statement like that from Coinbase?
Speaker F: Look, I think the way I see the crypto space playing out from a centralized entity standpoint is you probably have these us regulated institutional players, and that's the market that Coinbase, I think, is looking to capture. And I think they're really well situated to do so, especially after the FTX blow up. Coinbase is a publicly traded company audited by a top four accounting firm. Theyve never had any withdrawal issues or anything like that. While I think you have these other players, with Binance being the obvious 800 pound gorilla in the space that capture all the offshore activity, I think thats how segmentation of liquidity probably plays out moving forward and likely also see that with other platforms, such as lending platforms, for example, or looking at Dex volumes versus centralized exchange volumes, I think you'll likely see decentralized exchange volumes grow on a relative basis, decentralized exchange volumes over the coming years. And a lot of that activity probably comes from overseas.
Speaker E: Yeah, absolutely. Well, for time purposes, I definitely want to move on to your year in review and forward outlook report. It's a great report that you guys released on your website, available for free for people who are interested in it. We're not going to be able to cover everything because it's really extensive, but definitely want to cover a few things here. And let's start with inflation, because obviously inflation was a huge narrative last year. It's likely going to be a huge narrative this year because obviously we're going to find out whether the terminal rate is going to be 5%. We're going to find out what happens to inflation after we reach the terminal rate. Will we actually know, will inflation fall like off like a cliff, or will it be stickier than we think? And you actually have a chart showing core CPI versus the federal funds rate. I'm curious if you could walk us through this chart and then also your view on inflation and the Fed and how you think things are going to play out this year.
Speaker F: Will yeah, absolutely. First, I want to give a shout out to our macro analyst fee Joe. He's absolutely brilliant, one of the best macro guys that I know. And you know, obviously, you know, brought him on for the purpose. This is a chart that he put together basically looking at year over year CPI and the federal funds rate. And so when you go back and look at this historically over a multi decade view, what you see is that whenever you have kind of aggressive inflation in terms of measured by consumer price index, it generally doesn't roll over until you see the federal funds rate surpass what the CPI is at. And so we're kind of approaching where it looks like CPI has been rolling over. We've seen the last few CPI prints come in very lower than expected. This recent one came in right at analyst expectations. But we've been used to the last twelve to 16 months of higher than expected CPI month after month after month. And so you can really start to see over the last few months that CPI has started to cool off and appears to be starting to roll over. And so with that, I think you could be looking at that kind of crossover of the federal funds rate finally getting above CPI over the coming months. Perhaps not because federal funds rate is going to be continued to be raised. As you mentioned, we're approaching the terminal rate, maybe have one or two more hikes, but because rather the CPI is actually rolling over. And I think that's partially a reflection of just the fact that there tends to be a lag in terms of when monetary conditions start to get tightened and when that actually translates into the broader economy. And so we had a massive liquidity insertion that's kind of given a cushion, I think, to the economy in terms of how quickly the impact that we've seen the effective rates being raised over the last twelve months actually translating into economic impact. But over the last few months, we finally started to see some, for example, looking at employment, several major companies announcing the large rounds of layoffs, including crypto native companies like Kraken and Coinbase. But even a lot of the big tech players like Amazon, Microsoft recently, over the last few days, I think they laid off like 11,000 people, ten or 11,000 people, which was pretty big news. So I think you're finally starting to kind of see that the record rate of rate hikes and the extreme velocity of those rate hikes finally starting to translate into the actual broader economy. And with that, I think you'll likely see CPI continue to roll over and you'll see that kind of crossover of the federal funds rate getting above CPI over the coming months.
Speaker E: Yeah, absolutely. And then as we speak about CPI, you know, something that people used to talk about a lot was that the CPI number is not the real inflation number. And I just saw this newsletter from Pomp recently that he was, he released talking about the inflation methodology. I'm curious if you think like, if you feel like the CPI is kind of like an accurate reflection and, you know, if the Fed will have to do more if it's stickier. What do you think there?
Speaker F: Yeah, sure. It's a good question. The way I look at it is that CPI is basically this manipulated basket selected by a group of individuals that decide what they want the measure of inflation to be. And also, inflation is very different for every individual. So for you or I as investors, we might be mainly watching asset prices for inflation. Someone who's just struggling to get by day to day go operating on a paycheck to paycheck basis. For them, just looking at food and rent is extremely important. And for some people that are in college, that's one of the most important components. I think for every individual, that basket of what makes up your spending habits is slightly different. And so I think everyone's CPI, it's very hard to come up with a standardized version of what everyone's basket of inputs into their cost of living is. And I would also argue that I think the more important thing to look at for something like a bitcoin, where it's basically been basketed in as this risk on asset, which I would say is more of a reflection, as its performance as a monetary debasement hedge. Whereas a lot of people have mentioned bitcoin as the CPI inflation hedge. And I would add in a little bit of nuance to that, you've seen a lot of people saying, oh well, bitcoin's failed as inflation hedge. Weve seen CPI continue to rile up over the last year and bitcoins down 70%, I would argue that its actually performed exactly how it should as a monetary debasement hedge. And what I mean by that is basically theres a lag between when you see liquidity come into the system and when that actually starts to get reflected by the CPI, which is the selected basket of goods. If you wanted to see, in my opinion, if you want to see monetary, the effects of the monetary debasement over the last ten to 15 years, all you had to do is look at the S and P 500 and you'll see asset price inflation and look at the real estate market and you'll see asset price inflation. And so that's kind of the argument that I would make, is that instead of viewing bitcoin as this CPI consumer price index inflation hedge, I would say the more accurate measure for bitcoins performance is looking at net liquidity conditions. And so you can see that by looking even at something like m two money supply or looking at net liquidity, looking at reverse repo and TGA accounts and coming up with this basket of what's called net liquidity. That was kind of coined by Darius Dale at 42 Macro. We've seen the s and P, basically after 2020, basically trading tick for tick with that net liquidity. So I think that's kind of the more important thing that you need to be looking at. And for bitcoin, as for better, for worse, being basketed, and as this kind of growth asset by at least the traditional investment community, that's, I think, one of the most important metrics that you need to be watching.
Speaker E: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently, apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium Wireless how do you get 30 30 bid to get 30 bid to get 20 $2020 20 2015 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint mobile.com switch.
Speaker C: $45 up front for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker E: Absolutely. I love that bitcoin is a monetary debasement hedge and not a CPi inflation hedgehead. And of course, like you just said, all assets move up when there's liquidity enters the markets, and bitcoin is the fastest mover when that happens, it moves the quickest when it comes to that. As we're speaking about bitcoin, I actually want to move on to one of the main topics that I wanted to focus on for our interview, and that's the bitcoin miner situation, because last time you were on, we spoke about it. There's been some updates and developments. I want to first start by actually bringing in a story that ties into this. So bitcoin miners Grid's debut on the New York Stock Exchange has been delayed once again. Grid was supposed to merge with a special purpose acquisition company, a SPAC called Adit edtech. The reverse takeover, which would take Grid public, was announced back in November 2021. However, an SEC filing shows the deadline for the combination has been moved to February 14. It also looks increasingly less likely to happen at all Adid has revealed it anticipates it will no longer satisfy NYSE's listing standards. So obviously will. It's been a rough market for bitcoin miners. But I was also looking at your recent tweets, and you kind of also referenced the hash ribbon chart and the miner net position change recently, in the past couple of weeks on Twitter. And you mentioned you think the capitulation is over. Could you elaborate on those tweets?
Speaker F: Yeah, most definitely. I guess just to rehash. And this is something that we talked about the last time I was on, so I won't get too into the weeds on this, but I, it's been, for lack of better terms, it's been such a horrible year for at least in 2022, such a horrible year for bitcoin miners. You had all the variables that go into being a successful miner going against you hashrate near all time highs, price down 70%, and global energy prices at multi year highs. And so all of those things have put extreme pressure on minor margins, especially those that don't have fixed energy contracts, and also those who have very high opex. And so what we've seen over the last twelve months is two capitulatory periods. And you can look at that in the chart that you have pulled up now, represented by something called hash ribbons. Hash ribbons. Look at the 30 and 60 day moving averages of hashrate. And so the idea here is that these aren't some arbitrary numbers, basically backtesting. These are like the most accurate to represent these periods of minor capitulation identified by this guy named Charles Edwards, who's a friend of mine who runs a hedge fund called capriol Investments in Australia. Whenever the 30 day goes below the 60 day moving average of pass rate, that indicates that we're entering a period of minor capitulation. Whenever you see the 30 day cross back above the 60 day, that indicates that we're exiting that period. So we entered a period originally back in June of 2022 of minor capitulation. I kind of led that leg down into kind of the summer lows that held for several months. During that period, we saw several miners capitulate. And also looking at the minor wallets, we saw several large kind of moves out of minor wallets. Most notably, we saw core scientific sell about $170 million of their BTC on their balance sheet to kind of shore up some liquidity to help them survive for a few months. We have seen that they weren't able to weather the storm. They're likely going under some type of restructuring at the moment. But we came out of that period and then re entered another one about two months ago as we saw that 30 day moving average fall back below the 60 day. And with that, we saw that translating to some heavy miner selling. So I guess if you want to go over to that minor net position change chart, you can really kind of see the point that I'm illustrating. You'll see this is essentially the 30 day change in all the minor wallets that have I, that have been identified by glass node. As you can see, once we saw that second kind of capitulatory period begin, we saw very heavy selling for miners, which is a reflection of a, as hash rates declines and you see that bearish hash ripping across that indicates that there's a very aggressive kind of period of machines being unplugged. So miners that are no longer profitable pull their machines off the network because they're just operating at a loss. So doesn't make sense for them to mine at the moment. And then you also see that, again, translated into this chart, them having to offload a lot of the BTC that potentially they're holding on their balance sheet as long term bitcoin believers or investors or whatever. And so we saw a very aggressive period of selling that kind of peaked out about a month ago. You saw that big large wick down on the screen in that chart. But recently, over the last two weeks, you see confluence both in this as the miner net position changes finally flipped positive. So miners are no longer selling in aggregate. They're actually increasing their holdings in aggregate at the moment. You also see that with that bullish hash ribbons cross. So seeing confluence of both things, you're seeing a, that miners are beginning to plug machines back in and then secondly, they're done selling and are net kind of adding to their wallets. And so that's a confluence of factors to me to indicate that we've exited, at least for the time being, this kind of second minor capitulatory period, which is of course a positive thing and takes some kind of the overhang of supply coming out to the market.
Speaker E: Yeah, absolutely a positive thing. And I think just to speak to kind of, or to kind of enforce or reinforce what you were saying, I was reading the glass nodes, they have like the newsletter every week this week on chain had a section about the relief for bitcoin miners. And actually another chart worth pulling up here is if Archer, if you could pull it up, is the bitcoins difficulty regression model from glass node. And it was saying, according to the chart, the estimated cost of production is 18,795. And this recent leg up is the first time that bitcoins price crossed above this regression line. So its signaling like, hey, its actually profitable to mine bitcoin again. And that kind of supports more or less what you're saying. I mean, what do you make of this chart and kind of how it relates to like I guess the cost of production for bitcoin in that, that sense?
Speaker F: Yeah, yeah, sure. It's a good question. I don't know exactly what the methodology behind this specific metric. I'd have to look at the formula for it. But you know, just generally speaking, like it is pretty difficult to like gauge exactly what the cost of production for bitcoin is just because different miners have different kind of opex structures. And some of them have, for example, like I mentioned earlier, like fixed energy contracts, some of them are able to operate more efficiently for whatever reason. If they've just figured out some trade secret on how to operate with less human capital or they have certain cooling methods for the machines that allows them to drop their opex. There's different variables that can allow miners to have a different cost of production. But yeah, I mean, I don't. This also kind of is confluence with another indicator that I look at to kind of gauge the electrical cost and production cost of bitcoin miners from, again, my buddy Charles Edwards at craft Roll Investments, who also created hash ribbons, because if you can't tell, he's created two minor indicators. So he obviously believes that the kind of underlying cost of production is very tied in with the price of bitcoin as a commodity. But he created this based off a bunch of data from Cambridge and surveys that they had done. And you see also in the indicator that he put together very similar kind of estimated electrical cost. And then his cost of production is estimated to be somewhere around 25k, including not just the electrical components, but also some of the other operational costs that are associated with being a miner. I think just from a first principles basis, though, it does make a lot of sense that again, like none of these, none of these like production cost estimates are perfectly accurate, but like ballparking, I think they're likely roughly accurate. And I think like with that, they're a good kind of like high timeframe tool to look at where is kind of that, that underlying cost of production that supports the price of bitcoin. Because from like a first principles basis, a commodity should be worth at a minimum what it cost to produce it. So I guess that's kind of my thoughts. And, of course, you know, as we're now back above that estimated cost of production, at least shown by this indicator, which I would have to look at the methodology for it, but if it was created by checkmate at glass note, I'm sure there's some sound thinking behind it. But as we're back above that, obviously we're giving miners some well needed relief after the last few months as they're now profitable in aggregate.
Speaker E: Absolutely. I just want to pivot away. I just got a quick update from our producer, Artur, regarding the Department of Justice press conference. So the DOJ, after they're announced that they're taking enforcement against the russian exchange biz lotto. So, obviously, this was a bit of not the news that we thought it would be. In terms of exchanges affecting us here in the United States, crypto prices are now recovering.
Speaker F: I think, at a minimum. Like, maybe people didn't get, like, giga short into that news, but there's probably a lot of people that kind of hedged it out and said, I don't know exactly what this announcement is going to be. I'll hedge, like, 5% of my neutral position sizing. And so, like, when it turns out to be a nothing burger, which you see sometimes with these kind of, like, Department of justice, like, you know, like. Like big regulator headlines that are, like, very vaguely, like, over announcing some huge. Some huge clamp down on crypto, and then it turns out to be, like, some no name russian exchange. You know, a lot of those hedges that were probably put on over the last few hours are probably being unwound, and that's probably why you've seen a slight recover in prices after the news came out.
Speaker E: Hey, well, so that's. Yeah, it's always good news when prices are recovering. I want to get back to some of the stuff in your report here. So the next chart that I want to look at is the active bitcoin addresses, because, you know, I think one of the things that a lot of people have focused on with all these contagion events and DCG, genesis, et cetera, you know, it's that they've been focused on a lot of the negative, and I want to kind of, you know, highlight the positive statistics that we see, the positive data. Can you walk us through what's going on with the active bitcoin addresses chart?
Speaker F: Yeah, of course. You know, this is something that. Exactly what you alluded to that I really wanted to hit on in the report, which is that, you know, although the last year has been absolutely horrible. There's a lot of underlying silver linings that I think are important to hit on. And you've got a couple of these charts out there. One of the ones that's very simple but I think speaks volumes is this active addresses chart. They're on a 30 day moving average. Just to smooth it out in the report, essentially what you're looking at here is all the active addresses that are sending or receiving VTC on any given day. As you can see, whenever we head into a bull market, there's more market participants that come in because bitcoin's price is going up. Only everyone says, what the hell is this thing? It's gone up factor five x in the last few months. Maybe I should get some exposure. Maybe I should nibble a little bit and dip my toe in the water to see what this bitcoin thing is all about. With that, whenever we're in a bull run, we see a massive increase in active addresses, just naturally. But what the real signal is whenever you head back into the bear market after the market cools off, this speculative market participants and the tourists leave the market, every single bear market, you make a higher low in terms of the amount of active addresses that remain on the network. And so to me, what that indicates just from an adoption standpoint, is that although you have a large amount of people that only get into bitcoin because the price is going up in the bull market, a larger amount of people do a deep dive into fundamentally understanding the value proposition of bitcoin and stick around on the network over time. What I think the real signal is in looking at this is the fact that every bear market, you're making higher lows in terms of active addresses. And as long as that's taking place, you're seeing continued increase in adoption over time. And so with that, we haven't made a lower low yet in terms of active addresses. And so I think it's just a reflection of what we see every single bear market of. You shake out the tourists, but you have an increased amount of people that discovered bitcoin over the last bull market and have stuck around, have kind of fundamental conviction in the asset.
Speaker E: Yeah, every, every cycle, if you people get excited by the price, but then they get caught down, they go down the bitcoin rabbit hole and they're like, oh, I need this stuff forever. They hold it. They become long term hodlers of a bitcoin. And I'm curious, like, you know, because this active bitcoin address, obviously, you know, has, encompasses all holders. Is there anything specific? We don't have any charts here, but is there anything specific that you see in long term holder behavior on chain?
Speaker F: Yeah, sure. It's a good question. First of all, like, long term holder supply itself, which I guess I should preface by just defining what that is for the sake of conversation. It looks at the way glass node defines this, which is like the primary on chain data provider that I use. What they've done is they've looked back at the statistical spending likelihood of all the different wallets on chain. And basically, looking at, from a time standpoint, what's the threshold where the likelihood of coins being spent out of a wallet drops off the most? And what they found is that right around five months, you see the largest drop off in terms of the likelihood of coins to be spent. Again, I guess that's kind of subject to change as more data comes in over time. But that's kind of the threshold that they have at the moment. And so that's how they define long term holders. And so when you look at kind of this cohort of entities that have been on chain and held their bitcoin for over 155 days, which is also five months, 155 divided by three, what you see is that right now, their holdings are near all time highs. And then another interesting stat is that when we look at the percentage of long term holder supply that's underwater. So, like in loss, in the state of loss of bought at previous prices than what we're trading at. And that's defined by when the coin was last moved. So coins that have last gone into the long term holders wallet above, above 21k, that's at an all time high. So you're seeing, not only are long term holders underwater to an extent that they've never been before, but when we look at their actual holdings, despite them being underwater, they're continuing to add. So that really shows as well, the fundamental belief that these long term holders have bitcoin as an asset class. And despite the 70% drawdown that we've seen, bitcoin's had seven or eight of these throughout its history. And I think the market participants that really have a fundamental understanding of what bitcoin is, this kind of bear market capitulatory period over the last few months, and seeing a lot of these centralized entities blow up and for selling from not only them, but also miners and fund redemptions at the end of the year, just a lot of unnatural selling that's taken place. I think a lot of these long term holders view that as a buying opportunity.
Speaker B: Mike.
Speaker E: Interesting, interesting. Well, before we get to viewer questions, I have one final question for you, and it's related to kind of just your outlook for, you know, digital assets crypto in 2023. I'm curious, like, if there's any projects that are exciting you, what sectors do you think are going to see growth? I know you guys, in the report, you outlined some things like ethereum scaling solutions and options infrastructure. What's getting you excited? What's getting your team excited?
Speaker F: Yeah, it's a great question. I'll try to, like, stay high level without, like, you know, talking about any specific protocols. Yeah, I think from a high level, like, one key theme that we're watching throughout the year is just this idea of will eth see all the value accrual in terms of activity going to layer twos, or will you see this multi smart contract platform world which is connected by bridges? And so one of the things that at least we at reflexivity find most interesting are these kind of cross chain messaging platforms where regardless of if you see each scale into activity going to layer twos, or if you see activity going to multiple smart contract platforms, by betting on these cross chain messaging platforms, you capture both of those potential scenarios. And so that's something that I think we find interesting. Also, our Defi analyst, knower, has highlighted in the report, as you mentioned, Defi options and the resurgence of several different DeFi option solutions. And be great if he was on here to riff on that, because he's brilliant talking about DeFi much more eloquently than I can, but that's something that he's definitely very interested in. And so it's something that we're keeping an eye on as well.
Speaker E: Yeah, absolutely, man. Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our sponsors. We'll be right back to the real vision crypto daily briefing.
Speaker G: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what. With each vendor, ramp software collects and verifies receipts instantly to save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments. Time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get $250 when you join Ramp for free, just go to ramp.com easy. Ramp.com easy remp.com easy cards issued by.
Speaker C: Sutton bank and celtic bank members.
Speaker F: FDIC terms and conditions apply.
Speaker E: Well, so now it's nearly time for viewer questions. Before that, for those of viewers watching on the real Vision website, thank you. If you haven't signed, signed up there yet, check it out at real vision.com forward slash crypto. That's the best way to get early access to real vision crypto content. Content this Friday we release Ralph's epic interview with punk 6529. And epic really isn't an exaggeration. It's the longest interview Ral has ever done. And again, that's real vision.com forward slash crypto. If you're watching on YouTube, please like and subscribe and hit the notification bell. And will, this is a fun one. This one's coming from Seth Steinman on YouTube. He says, hey Marco, this is Seth Steinman, research analyst at Reflexivity. Figured I would hop on here and ask a question. Why do we continue to see Hashrate at all time highs, even over the past year of crypto winter?
Speaker F: What do you think? Listen, Seth and I have known each other since 6th grade. I'm surprised he didn't put something on there to bust my balls. But yeah, it's a good question, Seth. And I think Seth knows the answer. He probably just wanted to have you read his name out on, on the live stream. But yeah, when we look at Hashrate, it's been very surprising because as we mentioned, it's such a bad time to be mining over the last twelve to 60 months. And so I think you kind of have to ask yourself, what's driving hash rate being your all time highs? And I think the answer to that is you're likely, probably seeing some players in the energy space that have very low energy costs or potentially no energy costs. If you have a entity like a physical miner or something like that that's flaring off excess energy, they can utilize that into mining bitcoin. And although bitcoin as an asset class is relatively small for some of these several hundred billion dollar energy producers, bitcoin miners bring in about $20 million of revenue a day. That's peanuts for these guys, but at least it's enough where I think they can start to dip their toes in the water, understand how to operate as a bitcoin miner and at least build out a proof of concept for as bitcoin scales that can continue to grow that. So I think over time, the percentage of hashrate that's passive versus outright mining operations that are launched will probably grow over time. You probably have more of these global energy producers that are utilizing excess energy as a percentage of hash rate relative to these miners that are launching, raising capital specifically to, you know, mine bitcoin. I think that's probably how, you know, hash rate will trend over time just from like a first principles basis.
Speaker E: Okay, the next question here from mud shear H on the real vision website, he's asking what is the probability that the next halving will be priced in before the halving? I don't know if that's something you could speak to.
Speaker F: Yeah, it's a good question. Look, I think. I think the thing that is important to keep in mind about the having is that, like, the impact of the having is kind of diminishes over time. And, like, what I mean by that is like, if you think about like, you're in a bathtub, right, and you kind of push your hands down in the water, well, what's that going to do? It's going to ripple the water all over, right. If you're in a. Then you do, you apply that same amount of pressure in a lake, it's not going to move much. Right. And then if you go in the ocean and do that, it's not going to do anything. I think, like, over time, the kind of impact of the having diminishes. But I do think what was perhaps more important is kind of from like a narrative standpoint, you know, people get excited around the fact that, okay, historically, the having has kind of led these crypto bull runs. I think there's an argument also to be made that perhaps maybe the halving itself wasn't what's driven maybe the last one or two bull runs. And it's been, more importantly, just a natural market cyclicality. But also, at least after Covid, when we saw the massive liquidity injection that took place, as everyone knows, I think it's a question of, was it the having itself, was it the massive liquidity injection that came into the economy? Or was it a combination of the two? I don't know the answer to that, but I would just say that I think in terms of the factors that you weigh into bitcoin cyclicality, the halving probably plays a smaller role in that over time as it continues to mature. And the relative impact of having, if you look at the, the 2012 having versus the halving that'll come up next year, the impact is just much smaller. And so therefore, I think the market probably becomes more driven by other more extraneous factors over time and also just natural behavioral market cyclicality.
Speaker E: Okay. Yeah. So we have a few more questions, but I'm going to just stick with one because I know you have to leave at quarter two. And thank you for coming on this last question from Paul E. On the real Vision website. What happens to bitcoin when a perfect storm of negative factors make mining unprofitable and too many miners shut down? Does the blockchain go dormant?
Speaker F: No. So it's a good question. Right. You get this question a lot about kind of like the minor death spiral. I think one of the most kind of beautiful and eloquent aspects of the bitcoin network that gets overlooked and not talked about is the difficulty adjustment. Right? So as hash rate comes offline, the difficulty will adjust accordingly. And so if all of the miners came offline right now, although the security of bitcoin would be lower, difficulty would adjust, and the bitcoin network will continue to chug along accordingly. And then as fees are scale in terms of the size of the network, you'd have a new base of hash rate to grow off of. So I don't really think that the minor death spiral concerns really have a lot of validity because they just lack fundamental understanding of the protocol itself and how the difficulty adjustment works. And then also, I think if you saw several of these big miners blow up, which we have seen to an extent this year, I think there's probably a lot of distressed asset buyers that probably would step in and buy some of those NP's.
Speaker E: Absolutely. Well, it's been a great conversation. If you could just sum up, what are your key takeaways that you would leave the audience with?
Speaker F: Yeah, sure. I think, I guess as a little hopium for the audience, I think it's important to keep in mind that there's been a lot of very big fundamental developments that have taken place in crypto underneath the hood over the last twelve months. Everything from fidelity, including bitcoin and Ethereum, into retirement accounts, allowing bitcoin trading for retail BlackRock, adding bitcoin for their latin customers, which are high net worth individuals. And they wouldn't be doing that if there was an underlying demand from clients for bitcoin. Also seeing BNY Mellon offering bitcoin custody, the Nasdaq offering bitcoin custody. Starbucks integrating nfts into the rewards program. Visa recently announcing that they're going to be integrating Starkware into payments. These are all things that we highlighted in our year in review report. And I thought they were really important to include because it just shows you that despite all the concerns, underneath the hood, there continues to be adoption, and not just from some no name random financial firms. These are big name, some of the largest players in terms of financial and transactional space in the entire world. And so I would just say, although the macro overhang for the next twelve months in terms of an outlook for recession still kind of remains a concern, I think you have those factors pushing down on the market and perhaps as an overhang, but underneath the surface you have this upwards pressure of builders continually build out new applications in the space and also fundamental kind of infrastructural developments taking place as well. That will give us the base for kind of the next, the next major crypto bull run over the next few years.
Speaker E: Yeah, I agree with that. I think there's signs of life as we've kind of outlined this conversation with the active bitcoin addresses with, you know, the miners and everything going on.
Speaker F: I think also, sorry to cut you off, but I think one thing that people should probably look out for is that as crypto bottoms out and potentially, you know, maybe we even just see some pipe, some type of like echo bubble. Throughout this year, which has been like a big meme that you've seen on crypto Twitter, you probably see a lot of announcements take place and a lot of announcements that perhaps have been held in the back pocket of networks and protocols over the last six to eight months. And the reason for that is just understanding just how markets work, which a lot of these project founders do, and have been in crypto for several years, you want to hold off on your good news until the market starts to turn around to really help drive attention to your project. To an extent, timing is a huge part of any success of any project or company in the crypto space just because it's so cyclical and so volatile. And so with that, I think there's a good likelihood that if we continue to see positive price action for bitcoin in the broader crypto market, you'll probably see a lot more of these kind of positive announcements that all of a sudden are coming out of nowhere, like Avalanche with AWS, for example, which I think was a huge announcement. These people aren't doing this bye by coincidence. They understand kind of how the, like, attention economy and, like, attention to momentum works in the crypto space. So that's something that, you know, if we continue to see positive price action, I think you'll likely see some, some, some more announcements that have kind of been held in the back pocket by a lot of these projects.
Speaker E: Yeah, that's super interesting to hear because it sounds like there's probably a lot of good news float flying under the radar, and then we're just going to find out when the price recovers and, and then it's just going to lead to even more price appreciation. So I think that's definitely great news. Anyways, will, how can people keep up with you for anybody that wants to keep up with you or reflexivity research?
Speaker F: Sure. Yeah. Thanks for having me on. Really enjoyed this one as well. We'll have to do it again maybe like once a month or something. Yeah, you could find, you could find me at W. Clementi on Twitter. More importantly, if you want to check out reflexivity, you can go to reflexivityresearch.com. you can check out our year in review report that we referenced a bit here, about 40 pages, completely free. You can go ahead and check it out if you need some extra reading or something for the week. And then also we have six example reports currently on the website that you can check out to kind of get a taste of what we cover.
Speaker E: Awesome, man. Well, thanks again for coming onto the show.
Speaker F: Thanks so much, marco. Have a great day.
Speaker E: You too, man. For those of you watching on YouTube, if you're not a real vision crypto subscriber yet, don't forget it's free. Head to realvision.com crypto and subscribe and hit notification bell here for good measure as well. That way you always stay up to date with our latest crypto news and analysis. That's it for today. Investor Mike Alfred is going to join us tomorrow live. See you at noon Eastern, 05:00 p.m. london time, live on real vision crypto daily briefing.
