Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited premium wireless.
Speaker C: Everybody get 30. 30, baby get 30, baby get 20.
Speaker D: 2020, baby get 2020.
Speaker B: Bid to get 15.
Speaker C: 1515, just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint mobile.com switch $45 upfront for three months.
Speaker B: Plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time.
Speaker D: Unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows.
Speaker B: Full terms at mint mobile.com dot. Hello, everyone, and welcome back to real Vision Crypto Daily briefing. Here's why you should tune into today's show. There's good and bad news for Binance, and it all goes back to the proof of reserves report. We're going to bring you the latest. Plus, we'll be joined live by Maple Finance CEO Sid Powell and Rob Frasca from Cosmo Ventures. My name is Mark Oliveira. Ash Bankton is with me today. How's it going, Ash?
Speaker D: It's going great. We get to do the show two days in a row.
Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely, man. After like, a long time off from COVID I mean, I think it's a definitely good to be back with you, like, more often.
Speaker D: Yeah, well, we're happy to have you back from COVID Mark.
Speaker B: Well, if, if you're, for the viewers out there, if you're watching us on the real Vision website, thank you. If you haven't signed up there yet, check it out@realvision.com. crypto. We have a ton of crypto content for you. If you're watching on YouTube, please like and subscribe. And hit notification bell so you know when we go live. Well, with that said, ash, let's jump into the latest price action. The optimism from earlier in the week has evaporated. Bitcoin had reached 18,000, but is unfortunately now back below 17,000. Bitcoin is down 3% on the day. It means it's in now in the red for the past week. What about Ethereum, Ash, how's it performing?
Speaker D: Well, Margaret, you say the surge from earlier this week feels like something of a distant memory. The picture for ETH is even worse than bitcoin. ETH is down some 6% in the past 24 hours, falling below $1200. Not a great end to the week, Marco.
Speaker B: Yeah, definitely not a great end to the week. One more cryptocurrency we're looking at is today. Is BNB the native token of crypto exchange Binance it's one of the worst performers today. It's down some 8% on the day. And that brings us to our top story. Finance continues to dominate headlines this week. The exchange has seen elevated withdrawals after its so called proof of reserves audit failed to reassure a lot of analysts. Now, Bloomberg reports the company behind Binance's audit, Paris based Mazers, has halted all of its crypto related work. Finance confirmed this in a statement to Bloomberg. Notably, the Mazers report on Binance, proof of reserves has disappeared from the french company's website. Mazar's other crypto clients include Crypto.com and Kucoin. So, Ash, this sounds like a blow to the crypto industry that's really trying desperately to kind of rebuild its reputation after this whole FTX thing debacle. And it's really disappointing news for Binance. What's your take on it?
Speaker D: Well, I think the first thing to say here is it wasn't an audit. An audit has a certain term of art usage in the financial industry. I am not a certified public accountant. I wish I were, so I could go through some of these assets myself. But the reality is that this was not an audit in the first place. After the sudden collapse of FTX's implosion, it's understandable that Binance is under increased scrutiny right now. According to data from Nansen, Binance saw net outflows of $3 billion on Tuesday alone. But Binance's CEO, Changpen Zhao, also known as CZ, says this is, quote, business as usual, and the company is well positioned to handle all the challenges that it faces, essentially playing down the risk. Look, there were questions about Mazar's review of finance's reserves from the, from the, from the get go. And I say review and not audit for a reason, because it wasn't, in fact, an audit. So let's just read this quote to you from coindesk. Quote, however, the assessment is not an official audit, according to Francine McKenna, lecturer in financial accounting at the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Quote, they did a comparison of balances per public key addresses from a list they got from management. They did not compare any balances in independent banks or custodians or depositories, said McKenna. So the point here is essentially what they're doing is they're comparing what management provided to the accounting firm Mazars with the on chain balances. What is not included, and Miss McKenna alludes to this in her, quote, essentially, other liabilities that may have been off balance sheet or other assets that might have been off balance sheet or potentially, and this is just theoretical, potentially anything that might have encumbered those assets. These things are not included in this report coming out of Mazar. So again, not an audit, simply a comparison of what management claimed and the on chain analytics. Marco.
Speaker B: Okay, well, thanks for clarifying the difference between that audit and a review. Well, speaking of on chain analytics, there has been good news for Binance. On that front front. CEO based analytics firm Crypto Quant looked at blockchain data related to Binance. They're saying that the on chain data supports the figures in the Mazers report, and crypto quant estimates the estimates of bitcoin reserves are roughly in line with the Mazers figures. Crypto Quant also says the exchange is not experiencing the same level of withdrawals that FTX did in the days before its collapse. The analysts say the withdrawals, while being elevated, they're relatively small compared to finance's overall reserves. What do you make of that statement from crypto? Qan Ashen?
Speaker D: I mean, is this really good news? I mean, it's not bad news, but it's basically a truism. This is simply comparing again what was on chain with what Binance asserted. It's hard to imagine Binance would have claimed otherwise since everything is on chain and easy to verify. So this isn't a bad story, but I wouldn't call it a good story either. It doesn't really. It doesn't really add up too much in terms of creating additional assurances. Just kind of. It is what it is. So I don't know. I don't think this is really a good story. Marco. I think it's just kind of a statement. Look, what they claimed is true, and it's verified on shame. But it was hard to believe that they would have claimed otherwise since it would have been so easy to refute.
Speaker C: Marco.
Speaker D: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. Because it's all unchanged, transparent, and that's kind of the whole nature of the space. Well, there's another exchange that we're looking at today that's in the spotlight. Gemini is back online after a disruption. The exchange, run by the Winklevoss twins, was down for 7 hours. The firm says it was due to scheduled maintenance. However, it was only meant to be 2 hours, and then the break was extended seven times after that. The exchange appears to have suffered a couple of other issues yesterday. Gemini is still investigating issues with its credit cards. Some users are reporting getting security messages from Gemini twice. Obviously, this coming after the backdrop of news of Gemini's earned program not too long ago, suspending withdrawals. So users are understandably worried when they see news like that. What do you think, Ash?
Speaker D: Well, I think this will contribute to the perception that the space, meaning crypto more generally, is not ready for prime time, especially the centralized aspect of crypto. This may be a little bit unfair. I can remember not terribly long ago when the New York Stock Exchange went down on a number of occasions with their software. I guess whatever it was, 810 years ago, there was a series of outages over the New York Stock Exchange. But the reality is that this creates a perception that there are challenges in the crypto space and that it isn't ready for prime time. Obviously, building robust infrastructure, infrastructure, robust systems, infrastructure that have very high levels of availability. It takes time, it takes money, and you have to build up this infrastructure sort of step by step. And it's challenging when you see an interest surging in crypto and the volume rises, it's a challenge to get these systems secure.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's definitely a challenge. Well, I mean, I guess since we've been in a bear market, there's no better time to build. That's when they say build during the bear market. And so that's what we're doing now. With that said, by the way, it's.
Speaker D: Also a very easy thing to say, let's build during the bear market. You know, it's off 95%. It's time to build.
Speaker B: It's time to build. Right? Yeah. Anyways, let's bring in our guests, Sidney Powell. He's the co founder and CEO of crypto lending platform Maple Finance. We're also joined by the managing partner of Cosmo Ventures, Rob Fraska. Gentlemen, welcome back to real vision.
Speaker E: Yeah, great.
Speaker C: Thanks for having us.
Speaker E: Great to be here.
Speaker B: Absolutely. Well, Ash, I'm going to let you take away from here, and I'll be back with, with questions at the end.
Speaker D: Great. Great to have both of you guys here. Let's just go around the horn really quick to talk a little bit about what you do. Rob, you've been on real vision before. Tell us a little bit about what you do.
Speaker E: Yeah, we're a group of serial entrepreneurs. We run a company called Cosmo Ventures. We're an asset management firm. We have a venture capital fund, actually one of the first tokenized venture capital fund that focuses on blockchain. And we have a new fund that we're just launching now. Kind of a great time to launch fund. It's a proof of stake fund, but it's entirely risk managed. And we like to call it a kind of a digital yield fund. So, been in the space since 2014, believe it or not. Done a little over 30 deals on the venture side. We did about 15 deals in the last twelve months, and we're all in on blockchain.
Speaker D: So tell us a little bit about maple and what you do there.
Speaker C: Yeah, sure. So Maple is a credit capital market built on the, on top of the blockchain. So think of us as a way to facilitate institutional lending that occurs via pools. So what we're doing is we're really building the back office for running a lending business and doing so on chain. So this speaks to my background, which was institutional banking and debt capital markets. And so Maple launched in May of 2021. We've done a little over 2 billion in loan originations to date. And we recently launched version two of the protocol, which was about nine months in the making, but which addresses things that we learned coming through the period of volatility in June and July, which we're really excited about now. Our focus is really on diversifying those end lending offerings.
Speaker D: Yeah, we're going to talk more about Maple in just a second. Obviously, there's been some news flow that our viewers are going to be familiar with, but I want to talk a little bit about the general state of play in the space. Rob, you mentioned at the outset, obviously, the timing of doing anything right now is, well, let's just call it rather interesting. Whats your read on where we are right now, Rob, in the wake of the FTX collapse?
Speaker E: Im A.com guy, a lot of the guys on my team, weve all kind of been there, done it, did it over the last 30 years. And I keep saying to myself, man, ive seen this movie play out. And so many times I saw it in.com, i saw it in mobile, and I see whats happening in crypto very similar to that. Generally what happens is you get new technology, really inspires the market, people invest in it. You get this kind of over exuberance. You build a bubble, the bubble kind of pops. Things get devalued and then the real work happens. I call it speculation to realization, going from early adopter to early majority. I'd say we're right there right now. In fact, my favorite quote of all time, which applies, which is Warren Buffett. Right. Be fearful when others are greedy and be greedy when others are fearful. I tend to feel like fear in the system is a good thing right now. So that's where I say we are. We're going mainstream. We're going mainstream with blockchain. I always look for institutional indicators. Basically, what are the institutions doing? Where are they on the adoption lifecycle? How many people do they have working on it? At what stage are they? And when you look across the board, from State street to JP Morgan, BNY, Mellon, fidelity, all the big players, they've got big teams spending big dollars and getting ready to launch big products. So that's where I think we are right now in blockchain. I think there is a silver lining in this kind of FTX fiasco, and that's regulation. I think regulation is important. More regulation, more compliance, creates guardrails where people are more comfortable with risk. And when people are more comfortable with risk, they're going to put more money to work. So anyway, that's where I think we're at.
Speaker D: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker D: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless how to baby get 30?
Speaker C: 30. Baby get 30.
Speaker D: Baby get 2020, $20 2020 better get 15.
Speaker B: 1515, just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint mobile.com switch $45 up front for three.
Speaker B: Months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited. More than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: Yeah, Rob, that's very much consistent with my own view. I remember when I was one of the young guys on Wall street back in the year 2000, after the.com bubble imploded. And I remember folks saying to me, well, you know that Internet thing that you kids kept talking about? That was really cute. Now let's get back to doing some real work. And obviously, what we've seen is just the complete dominance of the Internet in every aspect of commerce, every aspect of social interaction. It's just taken over everything, as Marc Andreessen likes to say, software has eaten the world. So, Sid, over to you. What's your take on where we are right now?
Speaker C: I tend to agree with Rob. So certainly what you're looking at in terms of the building space is a bit of a protracted bear market, which means that for any kind of startup or protocol in the space, particularly for us, we fall into the defi space. You're looking at kind of potentially a period of reduced revenues, reduced usage. So the focus really is on finding, rediscovering, or diversifying your end offerings. So for us, as a lending protocol, what we've focused on is looking at, think of it as like non correlated verticals. So most of what maple had done in the year and a half to date that we've been live was lending to market makers and crypto native companies. Now we're focused on diversifying into use cases outside of crypto. So real world asset lending, and I think that's kind of a microcosm of what's happening within the broader space, which is that people are looking for ways in which crypto can break out of only touching other crypto native firms and start to impact the real economy. And I think that focus speaks to the need to identify the need to identify real world applications for crypto and prove against, you know, against the kind of the critiques of the space that what is being built here has broader applications to the real economy and is not just kind of circular Ponzis and, you know, reshuffling. Reshuffling the cards on the table. So it is about finding real world applications.
Speaker D: Well, you know, Sid, to precisely that point, obviously, there's been a tremendous amount of pain and suffering in the lending space, especially Celsius, block five, Voyager and others filing for bankruptcy. Talk a little bit about your model. What's your. I mean, your model is much more decentralized. The other lenders I just mentioned, there were more CFI. Decentralization is something of a continuum, with maple being more decentralized. Certainly, as I understand it, the loans on your platform are uncollateralized, or mostly uncollateralized. It sounds like a decentralization of the traditional underwriting function. Walk us through how that works.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's an accurate characterization. So the way I like to think of it, or the mental model I like to apply here, is that we often compared maple to Shopify, where we did not want to be the lender of record ourselves. But what we wanted to do was build infrastructure to run a lending business. And so the primitive on maple is this idea of pools. Each pool is kind of like a lending business or a credit fund. And so it has a manager. We call them a delegate. And what they do is they are responsible for the underwrite of the borrowers. And so that's how maple differs from a centralized provider, which is that we are not doing the underwrite ourselves, but we have experts who are running a pool on top of maple as infrastructure, where we facilitate aggregating capital, sending out loans, and collecting repayments and passing them back through to depositors. Whereas if you contrast this with a centralized lending business model, what you would see is that that would be more like ash, me giving money to you and then you underwrite the borrowers, but I'm relying on your equity cushion, so I'm relying on your ability to underwrite and then the fact that you have sufficient equity to absorb losses. I never know who you're lending to. I don't know what your loss performance has been. And so that's where we saw some of the difficulty with the CFI lenders. So Celsius, Blockfi and others, people were in the dark about where the funds were going. Were they being used strictly on lending or were they being used on other things like trading or defi platforms? And people couldn't get clarity until the point at which withdrawals were being frozen on those platforms. Whereas if you contrast this with Maple, you can always see, because the loans are on chain, who is borrowing on the other side? You can always see proof of reserves. The other really important aspect here is that it's non custodial, so you can withdraw your funds from a smart contract, rather than me relying on you to send them back to me. And that's one of the core differences and where people are now starting to have renewed interest in using defi infrastructure to run familiar business models like lending.
Speaker D: Well, with that said, it must also be added that Maple has had some significant challenges here in the last few months. This is from Sunday, December 11. Reporting from Coindesk. $36 million of loans have defaulted. $18 million in loans were then distressed. Moreover, what Coindesk calls sour debt accounts for, quote, 66% of the total outstanding in Maples for lending pools. Obviously, those are some difficult numbers. I also wanted to show this, Peter, if you could pull up the loan portfolio chart, please. This is from token terminal data, also via Coindesk. The data shows here that the active loans on the platform have declined since May of 2022. That's obviously in the wake of the terra Luna collapse from $900 million to $82 million. That's a 90% decrease in loans on platform. Sid, tell us a little bit about what's happening, what you guys are experiencing now.
Speaker C: Yeah, for sure. And so it's worth noting. So defaults will occur in any lending business. So those dollar amounts are 36 million and then 18 million distressed. That needs to be put in the context of having done over 2 billion in loan originations to date. So on top those numbers in?
Speaker D: Absolutely. Is that an apples to orange comparison loan originations to date versus outstanding loans on the books right now. In other words, this looks like two thirds of the debt that's currently on platform is either in default or distressed.
Speaker C: It is an appropriate comparison. And the reason for that is that you need to cite default performance against the loans originated to date to get an accurate, um, accurate view of the probability of default. What's happened here, and I'll go into this, is the loan balance has become lower in that since FTX borrowers were repaying and the delegates were declining to do new originations because of the perceived discomfort with credit risk in the space and also the fact that people were wanting to withdraw their funds. So in that kind of environment, it's not prudent to continue doing originations at the same pace and it's more prudent to collect cash, allow withdrawals to happen. So what you've seen there is that cash has been allowed to be returned to depositors and that's why the balance reached the level of sub 100 that it was at today. So what it's prompted us to do is now, and the delegates is to look at alternative lending verticals. Because the position of the profitability of market makers and delta neutral funds today is not what it was or it has declined versus twelve months ago. So in that environment, it's not prudent to continue lending at the same pace to that vertical. It makes more sense to try and find other real world asset verticals. So we're looking at things like treasuries, reinsurance, trade receivables as non correlated sets of borrowers that can be lent to where they will not face the same challenges that have befallen market makers and delta neutral firms in recent months.
Speaker D: Yeah, I also want to take a look at the token performance to just give a little bit of context for the market reaction to what we're seeing on Maple. First, let's take a look at the three month chart. I think what we've got there queued up is the one year chart. The three month chart, as you can see, it's down into the left, basically at a 45 degree angle, riding down from about 21 40 to where it trades now at $3.80 or there about a decline of over 80%. And then let's also, let's go back to that first chart, the one year chart. We've gone from a pre terra Luna collapse high of about $64 down to again where we're trading now about $3.80, a total peak to trough decline of just under 95%, obviously an ugly number. Sid, what do you make of that performance and how does it correlate with your view of what's happening inside the business right now?
Speaker C: So I separate token performance from what we're, what we are focused on in terms of building and genuine traction. And so separating the two, what we've done is launched v two, which is a meaningful upgrade in terms of facilitating reduced lockups. The ability for people to withdraw in cycles and be treated equally and equitably as they withdraw without any front running. The ability to take defaults earlier, which is an improvement in risk management because you don't have to wait for a loan to miss a, miss an interest payment, and then also the composability of the protocol. So the fact that we're now on a new token standard that can slot more seamlessly into other DeFi platforms. So from a traction perspective, what you've seen is that the loans on the platform have definitely reduced, and that's reflective of the fact that the vertical that the delegates were lending into is not as favorable as it was twelve months ago. And so the only rational thing to do in that situation is to look at other diversified lending opportunities. So what we're looking at is other crypto native companies. So we have a delegate who's now focused on lending to proof of stake validators. In addition to looking at proof of work miners and looking at web three infrastructure, and then looking outside of crypto, you'll see a huge focus at the moment on real world asset lending. And that's what we're also doing in terms of having a pool that would look at reinsurance, look at trade receivables, but look at areas that are non correlated to broader crypto performance, performance, because that has been a constraining factor where we couldn't lend inside crypto and still outpace the kind of the top down macro environment that was contracting as liquidity was pulled from that system. So that's what I focused on. So shipping newer tech, and now focus on commercial diversification of where we're lending.
Speaker D: Hey everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real vision crypto daily briefing.
Speaker F: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what. With each vendor, Ramp software collects and verifies receipts instantly. To save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments, time consuming tasks, which means youll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If youre a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions youve ever made. Get dollar 250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy. Ramp.com easy rmp.com easy cards issued by.
Speaker E: Sutton bank and celtic bank members have DIC terms and conditions apply.
Speaker D: So, Rob, I know we've been talking here about Maple for the last few minutes. Obviously, there's been some news flow the last several weeks about what's happening on that lending platform. Give us your take. Do you follow the defi space? Do you follow Maple? Do you follow lending more generally?
Speaker E: Yeah, absolutely. I've known Sid for a while. We've been following it and looking at it pretty heavy. My general take here, I almost kind of have to. I don't laugh at it, but it's really curious to me. Right? We build this, and we've been at this now since 2015, we build all of these incredible protocols to decentralize and create transparency. Because that's the dream, right? Resilient, decentralized transparency. And what's the first thing we do? We create all these central exchanges. We're putting all of this stuff on here, and we're trading it. And then where does it fail? It fails right at the central point. So my kind of plea to this market is all of these exchanges should be completely on chain. Everything should be on chain, and it should be transparent, not aggregated on train, not take a million people on an exchange and put and boil them down to one address or two addresses, but really decentralized on chain. So that's number one. Number two, I think self sovereignty is a big thing. Your own keys, your own wallets, you own custody, you own control. That. What I like about what Maple's doing is it's transparent. And these guys are out in the front end. They're building a great protocol here. And we're not investors in Maple, but certainly wouldn't mind being an investor in Maple. And ultimately, these guys are out building a transparent lending platform. I feel like what's happening with them right now is they got caught up in, really, their first target market, which was market makers. And being entirely crypto native, from my perspective, what I see in talking to the bigger institutions out there, they're all looking at this, they're all developing for this. They're all saying, this is where it's going, etcetera. And it's an important aspect of their businesses, as is, quite frankly, tokenization. When we launched Cosmo X three years ago, we decided to tokenize it. And I would, I've been a venture capitalist, I know a lot of different traditional venture capitalists. And I told them I was going to tokenize my fund, and they looked at me and said, what are you smoking? Like, it's hard enough to raise money already, but now you're going to tokenize it. And our vision here is that all of these real worlds are going to be tokenized. And really, that's where the market's heading. So now fast forward four years. You got KKR tokenizing with Avalanche and securitize, you got Larry Fink over at Blackrock saying, everything's going to be tokenized. And I got to tell you, our phone's been ringing off the hook, okay. From a lot of these bigger institutions saying, tell us what you learned, and maybe, can you help us? So I feel, again, I'm kind of babbling here, but I feel like, again, let's go back to my talking point in the beginning, which is speculation to realization, and it really is about these real world use cases. And as Sid said, on the lending side, it's not about market makers lending some money or delta neutral funds lending some crypto to help them do their trading. What it's really about is how can those platforms be used to source aggregate real world credit? And I think that's the future here.
Speaker D: Well, it's so interesting, Rob, you asked this question, where has it failed in the past? I mean, where has it failed with FTX and Celsius and Voyager and some of the others? And the answer is, it's failed with human decision making. Precisely where Lehman Brothers failed, precisely where Bear Stearns failed, precisely where LTCM, if you want to keep dialing back the calendar there to talk about these examples, it fell because of traditional decisions around leverage underwriting.
Speaker E: Yeah, Ash, I was going to say, why not put this stuff, I mean, really put it on chain? We're launching this new fund, and we're going to put all the holdings on chain so that you can use a blockchain explorer and say, here's what's going on inside this fund and whether all of these exchanges are on chain. When they say it's on chain, it's still not real simple to open up the covers of an exchange and say yeah, here's what's on chain and here's what's on the exchange. If you've got to use a blockchain analytics firm to do that, you're probably not as transparent as you need to be.
Speaker D: Preston. And by the way, Rob, the example for this is literally right out of the story that we read at the beginning of the show about finance. Precisely what we're talking about. Identical. I also want to walk through something here, and I want you to pull and sit on this. I want you to walk you through the anatomy of a default so you could give us a little bit of clarity around this. I want to read a statement by Maple here just to contextualize what we're talking about. So I wanted to talk about this default. Specifically. This is the orthogonal trading default that happened earlier this month in the wake of the FT exit collapse. This is a $36 million default. I should add the orthogonal default, follow another default on the Maple platform called Auros for $3 million in November. But let me read this statement from the Maple website about the orthogonal default on Maple just to give a little bit of context and explain what we're talking about here. Quote the decision to sever all ties with the firm was made as a result of orthogonal trading misrepresenting its financial position to m eleven creditors over the last four weeks and only on Saturday 3 December, communicating its inability to meet loan repayments. It is now clear that they've been operating while effectively insolventhe, and it will not be possible for them to continue operating a trading business without outside investment. Misrepresentation like this is a violation of Maple's agreement and all appropriate leaving legal avenues to recover funds will be pursued, including arbitration or litigation as necessary. In issuing a notice of termination to orthogonal credit as a pool delegate, Maple severs all ties and association with the firm. Maple will not work with bad actors or with firms that misrepresent their financial or business operations. We are shocked and disappointed in the behavior of others, and this is not a representation of how we do business. Close quote. Sid, walk us through a little bit about what happened there, how this plays in to the lending pools and the response by Maple.
Speaker C: Yeah, sure. So with orthogonal, what they've maintained is that they had funds that were held on FTX and that with FTX has collapsed. They've been unable to retrieve those funds and therefore don't have the liquidity to meet their obligations, so functionally insolvent. The issue with orthogonal was that that wasn't communicated until four weeks after the collapse of FTX, about 12 hours from the date, which. 12 hours from the point at which they had to make their next interest and principal repayment. So it left m eleven credit who were the delegate who underwrote those loans with an inability to explore alternatives, whether it be restructure of the debt, seeking a new investor to recapitalize orthogonal, but it forced them to put the loans into default, and so that's what's happened with their loans. And so their loans were in one of the pools on the platform, or two of the pools. So a USDC pool and a rap deep pool. And what it's meant is that those pools are going to sustain losses. And I we're at the point where the delegates. So m eleven credit and maple are now pursuing legal opportunities for recovery. So what happens? There's two things that happen. So you have the on chain aspects of a default, where you have liquidation of first loss capital provided by the delegate. So that's occurred on chain, and then you have a remaining shortfall, which is applied as a pro rata haircut to anyone who's depositing as a lender into that pool. So that's also occurred. Then you have the off chain aspects, which are commencement of legal recovery. So it's important to know that all of Mabel's loans are governed by a legal agreement that grants full enforceability against a defaulting borrower. And so that now means that we're in the process of pursuing recovery through getting together all of orthogonal's assets and exploring whether to put the entity into liquidation or some other way to pursue maximum recovery on the part of lenders. So that's something that's done by the delegate. And so there is a budget, there is external counsel retained, and it's not the case that the only consequence for orthogonal is reputational. It is the case that there are actual legal consequences and the potential up to and including liquidation and bankruptcy for that entity in order to achieve maximum recoveries for any lenders who are in that pool. So that's where we connect what, what is occurring off chain with what occurs on chain there.
Speaker D: Yeah, I wanted to bring Marco back in. I know it has some additional news stories for us today.
Speaker B: So the next story that we're looking at. New York regulators released new crypto rules for banks yesterday. The New York state Department of Financial Services says that banks must now inform the body if they want to dab into crypto ash in the wake of the FTX collapse, it feels like we'll be seeing more moves like this. What do you make of it? What does the panel make of it? I'm curious to hear you guys thoughts.
Speaker D: Yeah, that's right, Marco. The regulator NYDFs will require a 90 day notice. Banks that are thinking of getting into the crypto space will have to present a business plan. The regulators will then review the proposal. It will assess risk management, corporate governance and oversight, as well as consumer, financial, and legal protections. According to the NYDFS. The idea is to make sure, quote, consumers hard earned money is protected. And, quote, the regulator also emphasized the need for a timely and transparent approach to changes in any regulation. Look, I think that consumer protection is something that NYDFS cares about, but I also think that this is about the segregation of crypto from the traditional finance system. That's probably not surprising. There's still trauma on the hill. For example, from 2008, acronyms like the TARP, the TALF, and the almost impossible to pronounce on air asset backed commercial paper money market fund liquidity facility. They clearly do not want this stuff spreading to crypto. They don't want to have to create crypto liquidity facilities in the event of, obviously, we're talking about here at the federal level, this is the New York state level. But the idea is that regulators and legislators are very skeptical about extending taxpayer guarantees to this. And that's what they're trying to do, it seems to me, at least, is isolate and segregate the crypto space from the traditional financial space. But I'm curious to hear what Rob and sid think about this story.
Speaker E: It doesn't, it certainly doesn't surprise me. You know, when you have something like this, it's become a political talking point as well. You know, if you watch some of the, some of the recent discussions in Congress there, I feel like it's a pendulum, right? You're gonna, you're gonna, you know, something bad happens, you get a lot of kind of overreaction, and then it's gonna move to, hopefully to the other side. You know, we're over here, moves to this side, and hopefully it lands someplace nice in the middle. I feel like regulation is important. Transparency is very important. Anytime you put regulation in, in a good way, it reduces risk. And when you reduce risk, you bring more liquidity, you bring more people to a, to a growing market. So I think it's important. With that said, it's what is in those regulations that you really have to kind of look at. And there's a lot of education that has to happen here because this is different than traditional finance. And some of the things that are being proposed almost make me laugh. So I think it's really about education and moderation and protection. And that's, you know, so I think it's, I think it's a good thing. And I, quite frankly, again, to go back to my earlier point, I think the industry needs to start using the technology that we're designing and building here, particularly the centralized part of it, you know, and do it yesterday because that's going to ease the pain of a lot of, you know, kind of unwanted regulation, meaning over overbearing regulation.
Speaker D: Rob, politics in Washington, I just don't believe it just to, I mean, did.
Speaker E: You hear this thing about, you know, did you hear this thing that Senator Warren was suggesting about, you know, KYC on, on wallets? That's kind of like my analogy would be that if I buy a Louis Vuitton purse, I need to do Ky, they need to do KYC on me because I'm going to put cash in my purse that, you know, it's, it's, yes, it just, you know, it just, and I get it. They don't understand it.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker E: So I'm not saying it's, they just don't understand it and they need to. And so you have to kind of do that education. Yes, Rob, I call, I actually, I.
Speaker D: Actually mentioned that yesterday on the show. Obviously, this is kind of like a first draft of legislation. I'm sure it's going to change. But I mentioned the non custodial wallet component of the proposed bill as being probably one of the most, well, let's just say interesting parts of it. And I think that you're absolutely right. But you're a constituent. You're a constituent, Rob, of Senator Warren. You can write her an email as someone she represents.
Speaker C: Yeah, I was just going to add, to add to that. So I think the regulation is certainly a net positive in terms of making people comfortable with the space, but it needs to be tempered with, you can't regulate everything in such a way that you stifle innovation. And so I think it's more advocate of, like where are people going and then pave, you know, pave the footpath over that rather than necessarily outlining the full footpath upfront and forcing people within those confines, which perhaps a bit of, a bit of a sloppy analogy. But the point being made as well is that I think regulation that makes people more comfortable participating in the space is great, but regulation which stops some of the large institutions touching crypto or smart contracts full stop is probably going to be net detrimental, because what you're seeing is that, let's say a corporation wants to participate in crypto and hold stable coins, for example, how do they get in to. Through a fiat provider. And so if you have regulation that prevents any of the large banking institutions from offering that service, then you force them to go down alternative routes which are less protected. And so what I would like to see is regulation actually encourages institutions to come into the space because they know how they can participate in kind of a lower risk way, in a way that is permitted by the regulatory environment. So in that way, it would probably be helpful to adoption and also to safer practices in terms of accessing and interacting with crypto.
Speaker D: I want to pull Marco back in. Who's got, I believe, one more story about. About Coinbase.
Speaker B: Yes. This next story is if you've ever lost your tokens by sending them to a wallet that didn't support them, this story might be interesting. Right, so Coinbase has launched a self service tool that allows people to recover unsupported tokens sent to the Coinbase wallethood. Coinbase says around 4000 tokens that run on the ETH blockchain can now be recovered, even though they're not supported by Coinbase. Looks like a positive development. I mean, what is your guys take on it, starting with ash?
Speaker D: Well, you know, these mistakes obviously happen more often than anyone would want right now. The UI UX user interface user experience aspect of crypto is something that is very much. Well, let's just say it's very much friendly for computer science majors only. And some of these challenges happen. I expect that we'll see abstraction layers being built up around to basically make ease of use. Something that's simpler in the space. Coinbase says that previously unsupported tokens were unrecoverable because they wouldn't register on the Coinbase legister. On the Coinbase ledger, access to private keys would have been needed to reverse these transactions. And Coinbase staff don't have that sort of access now. Customers will need two things to recover their tokens. One is Ethereum transaction identity number, and the other is Coinbase address where the asset was lost. Coinbase says the process will keep the private keys secure and unexposed. I haven't looked into the details on this technology yet, guys, but what's interesting to me, one of the things that we hear about in the space is the need for true decentralization. But what we're seeing here is Coinbase base creating functionality that creates a case for where and how centralized regulated entities can add value, particularly around user interface user experience. I think it's interesting just in general to see these questions play out. What's your take, Rob?
Speaker E: I don't know anybody this hasn't happened to. I mean, it's happened to the best of us.
Speaker D: People who don't use crypto. That's pretty much it, right?
Speaker E: Especially people that don't use crypto. And the number of people I get that call me up and say, oh man, I just sent polygon over to on the wrong network. I mean, this just happens. And so I think this is a great way to get access to bunch of crypto that's kind of out there in Coinbase essentially addresses. So I think it's a super development for all of us who have mistakenly done this. But it also shows you just how far we have to go as an industry to make this simple and make it more bulletproof so that these kinds of things don't.
Speaker D: Sid.
Speaker C: I think, yeah, just to, just to echo that, I think it actually points. If you look under the hood and kind of read between the lines there, it points at a couple of interesting technology developments which would be potentially the use of more MPC. So, you know, like multisigs there by a centralized entity in that to recover these tokens. Previously, accessing the private keys might have compromised hot wallets there. But now what you're seeing is the ability to tie transactions to an individual customer account probably suggests a move to more decentralized infrastructure within Coinbase from an engineering perspective. And also it's something that wouldn't have been needed a couple of years ago until you had Defi Summer and all of these tokens take off on the Ethereum blockchain. Before, nobody cared about token number 1000. Now you have hundreds of tokens that people actually care about. So it suggests, again, in some small way an advancement of the space. I mean, in the current environment, though, all tokens are sort of, it's depressed market valuations. Perhaps people care about it less. But I think it is a really interesting engineering advancement for Coinbase that suggests more use of defi infrastructure. And this is consistent with what we hear from the centralized exchanges in background conversations.
Speaker D: Yeah, and I should.
Speaker E: Yeah, it's. It's more web three right now. Now I, you know, I can, I can take my keys that are in my wallet and I can unlock a transaction, you know, on Coinbase without giving up my keys, right? I mean, you know, you got what you got. Wallet connect 2.0. Up until recently, wallet connect 1.0 was only EVM compliant. And now wallet two dot, wallet connect two dot zero is across the board, open to other layer ones, et cetera, non EVM stuff. So it definitely is a move in.
Speaker D: The web three direction, by the way, two acronym checks. EVM is ethereum virtual machine for those who may not know. And Sid mentioned MPC. That's multiparty computation. This is the distributed way of verifying and validating transactions. These were all things, as Rob points to, that are related to signing them and signing them. These are all things that are related to the web three architecture and sort of a native web three way of looking at the world. With that said, I've got to bring Marco back in. I know he's got some questions from our viewers.
Speaker B: Yes, time for some viewer questions. Before that, for our viewers, please remember to subscribe to our YouTube channel. Like the video hit the notification bell. It's very important to us. So this first question here we have is from Sean B. On the real vision website, and it's not really related to some of the stuff that we're talking about, but it's a great question. It says, can someone walk through the downside of GBTC? I understand that the fees are on the nav, meaning net asset value and not the market cap. The discount could go greater and that you do not have the keys. But it seems like there are two lawsuits now trying to force a convergence of the price of the NAB, one being Grayscale's lawsuit with the SEC, two the being the new fer tree lawsuit. The risk reward seems to be in favor of owning GBTC versus the individual coins.
Speaker D: Yeah, he's making reference to the fact that we're trading currently at about a 50% discount to net asset value. This is a great question and I'm glad we have Rob and Sid both here to talk about it. As I understand it, some of this is just a traditional fund structure issue because it's a closed end fund. There isn't the ability to convert those into the underlying assets. Rob, Sid, what do you guys think about this?
Speaker E: I'm not up to speed on it, to be honest with you, so probably not the guy to really talk about it.
Speaker D: Fair enough.
Speaker E: I haven't been following it.
Speaker D: Cedar, are you following this one?
Speaker C: Yeah, I'm following it a bit. I'm again not an expert on the fund structures, but the bet that that viewer is making is that the Nav discount is going to close there. And a catalyst to that would need to be either a winding up of the grayscale trust, or the conversion to an open ended fund or an ETF. And so I don't know that that lawsuit that Grayscale has with the SEC is necessarily looking at a near term resolution, but I think what people are pointing to as a potential for a windup of it would be whether DCG at a corporate level is compelled to do that, citing some of their near term debt obligations with respect to Genesis. So I think that person is really looking at kind of an event driven play. But I would say that that discount is something that's persisted for over twelve or 18 months now. So I don't know that I'd be going into it as kind of like a near term catalyst or event driven play if I were that kind of investor.
Speaker D: Interesting.
Speaker E: Marco.
Speaker D: I think there are other questions.
Speaker B: Yes, yes, we have another question here from Mister Dinosaur on YouTube, asking have we seen all of the FTX contagion effects? Any new companies revealing side effects recently that you guys know of?
Speaker D: I mean, we're just talking about Genesis right there. Obviously, that's a big one. But Rob, Sid, I haven't seen, I.
Speaker E: Haven'T seen any others. I mean, I think most of, from our perspective, across our portfolio, we had very, very little exposure, and I havent seen or heard of much more.
Speaker C: So weve seen the near term direct effects and indirect effects. So the most direct impact on us was that as a lending platform, we had orthogonal and Aorus were both impacted by having funds stuck on FTX. But I think now you're entering a phase where you're looking beyond the people who had funds tracked on there, and you're looking at the second order impact. So there are people who could continue with cash balances in the near term and continue to fund operations, but who might have needed to pull forward in time when they would do a raise. Amber is probably the most recent example of this. They just completed a $300 million raise, and a lot of that is going to be applied to replacing funds that were trapped on FTX. So that's a second order impact. But what you're going to see is reduced capital allocation within the space, because Alameda was a pretty prolific venture investor and allocator in fund of fund strategies. And so I think you're going to see that that is like a lagging effect of the FTX collapse, where you'll see less deployment of capital from venture firms less formation of new venture firms as a result of it, and then. But I think the other impact you'll see is probably more participation in defi volumes. So I think that'll be like one positive catalyst for people who are participating on this side of the fence is that the overall weight of volume, which was probably 90 ten in favor of c five versus Defi, is now going to shift to probably more of an even balance. And I think it also highlights that people are now wanting to rely more on technology rather than counterparty risks.
Speaker D: So let me ask you this, talking of contagion effects, we were talking earlier about the 66% impaired assets on your platform right now. Whats your outlook for that? Whats the risk of additional contagion effects in this environment?
Speaker C: So the risk of additional contagion effects in this environment, I would say were moving past the point where people are going to be directly impacted by just solvency or liquidity issues created by having had funds locked on FTX. So I would say that part is probably shifting into the rearview mirror in terms of the outlook for those loans on the platform. So orthogonal has definitely defaulted and would move past into the phase where we're looking at recoveries, but for the other loans on the platform. So Auros is still in restructuring conversations, so that one's still TBD, and that involves conversations with their other creditors, which maven Eleven is having, as well as potential investors. But in terms of the overall platform, given that the size of the loans on the platform is really reduced, you're looking at fairly limited potential for any further contagion. I know in the orthogonal pool, we're at the point where there's now only one other loan outstanding there, and most funds have just been returned to borrowers. So I think from our perspective, what we're now looking towards is not so much focus on that borrower vertical, but now focusing on other diversified opportunities. So, as I mentioned before, it'll be real world assets, diversification outside of crypto, and diversification within crypto to other web three infrastructure. I think you can see from the tone of the conversation we've had so far that there are catalysts for near term web three infra adoption, whether it's node validators or other decentralized business models. But those are going to be cash flow generative, there are going to be opportunities to deploy capital there.
Speaker D: Marco, back to you.
Speaker E: Yeah, I actually think if I can chime in here, a lot of times when we talk about DeFi, we tend to spend a lot of time talking about credit and debt and a lot of these types of things. What we're seeing on our side is really a real emphasis on proof of stake, proof of stake protocols, top tier, top 20 proof of stake protocols. And again, it gets back to that kind of thing that I said in the beginning, going from speculation to realization. A lot of larger institutions are now starting to use this technology stuff like Hedera and Cardano and Algorand, and they're actively involved in that. Look at KKR using avalanche with securitized. So from our perspective as investors, where we're spending all our time really looking at is those protocols in the proof of stake area, and the whole concept of staking those to get yield. And when you think about that, the counterparty risk is really what the protocol. And the nice thing about all of these is, I don't have to give up custody to do this kind of thing. So from an investor perspective, there's a great way of being in the market as the market is adopting these technologies and ultimately taking yield out of the system with a very reduced counterparty risk there. And that's important, right? Because again, these bigger firms are going to be adopting these networks. And when they adopt these networks, think about it, right? Each one of these things represent a network, and every participant on the network brings value to that network. But when you have somebody like a FideliTy Adopting one of them, that's kind of having a super node on that network, bringing massive transaction volume and value to that network. That's where we're at. These bigger guys are coming onto these networks as super nodes. So as investors, that's where you want to be.
Speaker D: Why not?
Speaker E: Right?
Speaker D: Sorry, I gotta get back to marco. We're over time here. It's been an incredible conversation. I wish we could continue for another 2 hours. Marco, jump back in, please.
Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely. So I'm just going to do some brief takeaways here. It was a great conversation between you, ash, and rob and sid. So one of the things that really stood out to me is that rob is a.com guy. So when he's seeing what's happening in crypto right now, he feels like he's seen this movie before. It's played out before, where we go from this speculation phase to this realization phase. But that said, even though we go through these cycles of people invest, you get over exuberance. The bubble pops cycle keeps going. He mentioned the favorite quote from Warren Buffett. Be fearful when others are greedy, and greedy when others are fearful. That was a big, that was, I think, a thing that said something that really stood out to me. On the note of the FTX collapse, he expects more regulations are coming. And these regulations may lead to people being more comfortable with investing in the market because they're more comfortable with the risk. But as Sid point out at, as Sid pointed out, actually is you can't regulate to the point that you stifle innovation. Rob also made this great point on calling for every exchange to be properly on chain and for the need for more decentralization and transparency in the space. In general, company offering a solution like that is actually maple finance. But obviously, going through this tough time in the crypto markets and with the macro, you know, the macro effects that we have in the overall macro environment, companies like Maple are, they're focusing on finding, rediscovering and redefining their end offering, building and building, gender, traction, composability. On the note of the FTX collapse, he also thinks that we have second order impacts. We're at the stage of second order impacts, right, where we're going to see reduced capital allocation in the space. But those are my takeaways. Do you guys have any thoughts to add there?
Speaker D: Sid, jump in.
Speaker C: Yeah, I was just going to say, I think in the near term, you're going to see a lot of skepticism about the space. But it's important to remember that.
Speaker E: Lending.
Speaker C: Continued after the GFC. Its pretty much the oldest business in finance. And so I think you need to separate what youve seen short term in terms of credit events from what is the secular trend, which is that I see finance continuing to shift on chain just because for me, this remains the story here is that were shifting from mail and post boxes to email when it comes to the transfer of money online. And so I think the secular trend is that is going to continue. And I just view the recent events as a short term hiccup in that longer term cycle.
Speaker B: Makes sense. How about you, Rob? Do you have any takeaways there?
Speaker E: Yeah, I would agree with that as well. I think we're in the first 2nd inning here. Ultimately, you know, when I think about it in terms of timing, there's a bunch of alpha that investors have achieved over the last couple of years, but I think that's going to pale in comparison to what's in the future. So I'm more long term focused than short term here and stay focused on the bigger prize, which is how this technology just promulgates through all facets of our society.
Speaker B: The long term focuses. Yeah, definitely. Ash, do you have anything to add?
Speaker D: I'm actually going to start where you started, Marco, with the.com bubble and the.com revolution. Really, I think this is all, as we discussed this here quite clearly, very much a work in progress. There's just tremendous, tremendous promise here in terms of where we're going to be with this technology in one, three, five years. One of the challenges with investment in new technology, as always, as Rob knows, and Sid as well, is always figuring out where the technology is versus the investment. Sometimes you can get a little bit ahead of yourself. Sometimes markets can get a little bit ahead of themselves. One of the things that's so different about this space than the.com era is that there's essentially immediate, instantaneous liquidity, pre IPo liquidity, that people can. People can invest and trade in these assets. And so you have situations where you have a brand new protocol, and then two weeks later, somebody's telling you about it at the gym and investing in it. And so you have these sort of wild gyrations in price on this. It's totally unregulated. That's part of its glory. That's also part of its challenge. We were talking about some of these points earlier in terms of the challenges with new technology and figuring out new best practices, for example, around auditing. An audit is not simply publishing on chain data. Understanding how these things are going to ultimately sort themselves out over the months, years, and decades to come is a material challenge. But again, the promise of this space is just so great. And listen, I also just wanted to thank Sid for coming on and having this conversation with us especially. Obviously, Maple has been going through some challenges lately, and we appreciate you coming on and really directly answering those questions. I know they're not easy. And when you have a loan book that's 66% impaired, that's a challenging situation. But to come on and to make the case and to talk about version 2.0 and the things that you're doing, we appreciate that. And I think that that's the move that you guys are making toward decentralization, towards transparency. It's something that we appreciate. And obviously, these are challenges that people need to be aware of. And Rob, always a pleasure to have you on. I always enjoyed the being able to talk to someone else who is there during the.com time, because I tell you, Rob, not a day goes by where I don't mentally make those comparisons in my own mind, because the outcome was so clear then that this technology was going to be a massive revolution, precisely as the outcome seems, at least to me, very clear about where this technology is going to be in one 3510 years. But again, as then, there were challenges and there are challenges now. And, you know, that's why we do these conversations, so we can talk about them with great guests like you guys. So thank you both very much for coming on the show.
Speaker E: Thanks for having us.
Speaker C: Thanks for having us.
Speaker B: Awesome. Well, that's it for today's show, everybody. If you're not a subscriber yet, don't forget to subscribe. Real vision crypto is free. For those of you watching on YouTube. Remember to subscribe. Hit the notification bell. Join us again next week. We have Dan Roberts, Leo Wald and Bill Barheit as part of our guests. See you on Monday at noon Eastern, 05:00 p.m. london, live on real vision crypto daily briefing.
