Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30. 30, baby get 30, baby get 20. 2020, baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint.
Speaker C: Mobile.Com switch $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: Hey, everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance, join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten. That's podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Now, to the top analysis of today's crypto markets.
Speaker E: Hey, guys. Welcome to real Vision Crypto Daily briefing. I'm Ash Bennington. Today I'm joined by James Murphy, better known as Metalaw man, to talk all things legal and compliance happening in the crypto space. Welcome back to real vision crypto daily briefing.
Speaker F: Ash, thanks so much. I love your show. And boy, do we have a lot to talk about.
Speaker E: We sure do. Before we get started, just a quick follow up for folks who were looking for our interview yesterday with Hugh Henry. Unfortunately, last minute significant issues with his Internet meant we were ultimately unable to bring you that conversation live or recorded. But don't worry, we'll have Hugh back shortly in the coming weeks. Now, let's take a look at some price action to start off the show. Bitcoin trading right now at 25,975, a shade below 26,000. Off on the last seven days, 1.33%. Ethereum trading at 1740 on the trailing seven day basis, performing worse than bitcoin. Off about five and a quarter percent. Trading right now on my screen, 1740. I also wanted to show you very quickly a chart of of the broader altcoin market. You can see some double digit drops over the past 30 days, perhaps, perhaps driven by some of the things that we are about to have a conversation with James about right now, the legal background and context for everything that's happening in crypto. With that said, James, we couldn't have you back on this show at a better time. So much happening right now. It's really three words. Ripple, binance, coinbase. Let's jump in and get started. Give us the 50,000 foot overview on how you see the legal context for the crypto space unfolding right now.
Speaker F: Well, boy, it's exciting for lawyers and even semi retired lawyers like me who've spent their careers in this space. A lot of us were counting down the days to see these Hinman emails and see how his speech in 2018 giving the all clear to Ethereum, how that came to happen, and what were the internal discussions at the SEC leading up to that. And there were some surprises there.
Speaker E: James, let's begin at the beginning for people who aren't familiar with William Hinman, his role at the SEC, and his importance in the conversation right now happening across crypto. Let's go back and explain that speech, what those remarks were and why they were so significant.
Speaker F: Well, Bill Hinman was the head of the division of corporate finance, so that's a high role and status within the SEC. And at the time he gave the speech in June of 2018, almost exactly five years ago, there was everything everyone would acknowledge, a lot of confusion as to what, among these crypto tokens were securities. And so the importance of the Hinman speech was that he gave the green light to Ethereum trading on the secondary market and declared, using factors that he had sort of invented, that under the rubric that he was using to analyze whether a token was a security, Ethereum did not qualify as a security. And that was a big deal because it was the only non bitcoin token to get this green light and path cleared in the marketplace for exchanges and individuals to trade. It was a very big deal.
Speaker E: Well, you know, you mentioned this idea that this, that he constructed this context for it, and that has been subject to numerous questions, folks questioning whether or not it was in fact an official position of the SEC, or rather Mister Hinman's remarks. I'm just going to read this for you. This was from June 14, 2018. These are the remarks at the Yahoo Finance all market summit crypto. And again, this is coming right off the SEC website. Hold on, let me just scroll down to the relevant part. Here it is. But this also points the way to when a digital asset transaction may no longer represent a security offering. If the network on which the token or coins is to function is sufficiently decentralized. Where purchasers would no longer reasonably expect a person or group to carry out essential managerial or entrepreneurial efforts, the assets may not represent an investment contract. That language from Mister Hinman, obviously a very experienced securities lawyer, calls back to the Howey test, which we've talked about on this show many times. Talk a little bit about what Mister Hinman was attempting to delineate there in reference to current case law and USC code around securities.
Speaker F: Well, in my view, there is no basis in certainly in the statute around investment contract to add these factors to assess whether something is an investment contract. And the Howey case in cases that came after it, say nothing about sufficiently decentralized.
Speaker E: Give a little bit of context here for people who may not know about the basic framework from the acts of 33 and 34 and how the Howey test extended that for an interpretative context for what is and is not an investment contract and therefore a security.
Speaker F: Yes. So there are definitions in both the 33 and the 34 act of what is a security. And it starts with a list of things, things that are familiar, stocks, bonds and other instruments that you would recognize. And then it says investment contracts, but it doesn't define investment contracts, unfortunately. And so therefore it was left to the courts. And so the Howie case in 1946 at the US Supreme Court Court is the key case that articulated a standard of what is an investment contract that would qualify as a security and therefore be subject to regulation by the SEC. And so that's why everybody trues back to the Howie test. And we saw that in the Hinman emails where he's receiving input from both another division within the SEC called trading and markets, as well as the general counsel's office. General counsel is the lawyer for internal SEC legal issues. And both of them were cautioning strongly Hinman to not go so far as he was going with that speech and declare Ethereum not a security and declare these factors. And they pointed out the factors you are announcing now are not in Howie. They're being made up here. And so that was a problem. And they said, this is going to lead. There was an acknowledgement there was existing confusion. And they said, if you give this speech, there will be more confusion, not less.
Speaker E: And so is it likely then that SEC attorneys will then argue that position, that this was not, in the view of SEC at the time, something that was coherent and consistent with the Howey test and with the Supreme Court decision?
Speaker F: The SEC itself has flip flopped a little bit over time on whether Hinman did articulate the position of the SEC. Their problem is shortly after that speech, the chairman, Jay Clayton, speaking to a large audience, said market participants need to go read the Hinman speech because it shows how we, we, meaning the SEC, analyze whether a digital asset is a security. He endorsed the Hinman speech and encouraged everyone to go look to find the answer to wow, is my particular token a security?
Speaker E: So how is all of this relevant to what's happening in the unfolding case right now with Ripple?
Speaker F: Well, it's a good question. There are a lot of dimensions to this. The fact that the one thing that surprised me about the Hinman emails was I naively thought what we would see is that there was an emerging consensus within the SEC that, yes, Ethereum is not a security. Well, it turns out there was no such consensus, and it was Bill Hinman himself, individually, who really was pushing for calling out Ethereum by name as not a security. While everybody else who was weighing in was cautioning him about doing that, the general counsel said, hey, wait a minute, this is going to limit our flexibility going forward should we choose to change our mind and say that Ethereum is a security. And that's certainly the case, but with respect to ripple, the argument is this was totally unfair. And there are people who believe that there may be some element of corruption at play because of Hinman's connection to his law firm and the Ethereum alliance, et cetera. I don't know anything about that.
Speaker E: Explain that for people who haven't heard that charge.
Speaker F: Okay, well, the idea here is Bill Hinman was paid $15 million from his law firm since infatuated while he was at the SEC. That's a lot of money. Now, it is said that that was some sort of pension payout, but that's an extremely generous pension, even by the standards of large New York law firms. But in any event, whether that's true or not, the argument is he had an interest in the success and well being of his law firm. And his law firm was a member of this enterprise, Ethereum alliance, and a promoter of their clients interests with respect to working on Ethereum. And so therefore, the idea is he had a conflict and he was motivated to declare Ethereum not a security because that certainly was a boost for the entire Ethereum ecosystem.
Speaker E: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile, unlimited premium wireless. How about to get 30? 30, baby get 30. Bid to get 20? 2020, baby get 2020, baby get 15.
Speaker A: 1515, just $15 a month, so give it a try@mintmobile.com.
Speaker C: Switch $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited. More than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker E: I should say real vision has not independently verified or validated those facts. But it's interesting because there's a great deal of complexity around this. You have the Hinman speech, the Hinman emails behind it that show the general counsel of SEC was skeptical of the claims. And then in the opposite direction, you have chair Clayton coming forth with those statements roughly contemporaneously suggesting that it was, in fact, SEC. This is a lot for people to get their heads around and a lot for folks to vet when trying to understand where this case is likely to shake out.
Speaker F: Yes, indeed. And, you know, some of the defenses, particularly to fraud claims, but to all of the claims, the securities claims, is, it was not clear that any particular token was a security. And I can tell you the commentary on the draft of the Hinman speech really supports that point of view, that there is confusion, that the SEC might want to change its mind about whether Ethereum was or wasn't a security, and that Hinman's speech would add to existing confusion in the marketplace. He was warned, but proceeded nonetheless to give that speech.
Speaker E: Let's move on to what's happening right now with Binance. So civil charges being filed by CFTC and SEC against binance. Then we've got some recent news flow in terms of a request for an asset freeze. Let's start at the very beginning here and tell the story of what the legal activity is against binance from civil regulatory authorities in the United States, and then we can go and talk a little bit about what's happened with the request for freezing funds.
Speaker F: Right. So last week, the SEC filed a civil complaint against Binance, let's call it Binance International, CZ personally and the two entities that manage and run Binance, uS, which is the us crypto exchange, all of them were sued, alleging that they are engaging in trading of unregistered securities, and therefore they should have registered as a national securities exchange, as a broker dealer, and as a clearing agent under us law with respect to binance. They also allege that Binance issued an unregistered security twice, that being the BNB token, which was the exchange token of binance, as well as the stablecoin busd issued by Binance. The SEC alleges that both of those were our unregistered securities that were issued by. And it's really important for people to understand that this is a key distinction between the Binance case and the Coinbase case, where Coinbase did not issue any security that is at issue in the case. They simply provided a platform for the trading of tokens in a secondary market. Binance did that, of course. But they also have this risk associated with the issuance of BNB and BUSD, as well as a bunch of other allegations of fraud and evading, lying to regulators and evading us regulation by hiding the fact that they had us customers and moving around assets in ways that are hard to explain, et cetera, et cetera. You don't have that in the Coinbase case. So the binance case is certainly more complicated.
Speaker E: Yeah. There was also some mention in the complaint about other entities associated with Binance that were affiliated with Binance, I believe, merit Peak Limited as well as Sigma chain. Looking at the press release right now.
Speaker F: Yeah, that's right. So these are entities that were alleged to be market makers which provide liquidity for customers wanting to trade on the platform. That's the idea of having active market makers is you've got a ready buyer or seller when you want to do something with an asset, and that can be a good thing. Now, there are allegations that they engaged in wash trading to increase the reported trading volume on the exchange and used that data to attract investment in binance itself. So this is not acquiring BNB tokens, but rather getting VC's and others to invest and finance the entity. And it's good to show volume and revenue and profits and all of that. So there was an allegation that these wash trades were not only market manipulation, but also used to mislead investors looking to consider investing in finance itself.
Speaker E: I'm just going to read this right from the SEC website. This is from their press release at the time that the complaint was published. Quote, the SEC's complaint further alleges that BAM Trading and BAM management us holdings, BAM management misled investors about non existent trading controls over finance us platform, while Sigma chain engaged in manipulative trading that artificially inflated the platform's trading volume. Further, the complaint alleges that the defendants concealed the fact that it was commingling billions of dollars of investor assets and sending them to a third party, merit Peak Limited, that is also owned by Zao. This again is the allegation that you just named. So let's talk a little bit about where we are in terms of current news flow. This emergency request to freeze assets and what happened just yesterday.
Speaker F: Yes. So at the end of last week, the SEC filed for something called a temporary restraining order, asking that certain things happen immediately, way, way before any trial, but right up front, that the assets of binance us be frozen, that all access, including keys and shards, being transferred to us personnel at one of the BAM entities, and that they give a full accounting very, very quickly to the SEC of all of the customers and the customer asset balances and where that is, and agreed to a number of other restrictions that were pretty draconian because the SEC was asking for all of the assets of binance us to be frozen. Now, if you think about that for just a moment, what would that mean for any company? If your assets are frozen, you can't pay your employees, can't pay your rent, can't pay your taxes, can't pay anything, you're out of business pretty much immediately. And that was what the SEC was going for. Binance us pushed back and said, that's not appropriate here by any stretch of the imagination. We should be allowed to defend ourselves and not be put out of business on day one of this lawsuit. And so it was very, very high stakes at the hearing yesterday. The overused phrase is existential threat. Well, the tro there was an existential threat to finance us. If it had been granted, they would have been functionally out of business pretty much immediately. And so the judge didn't buy it, did not, was not satisfied with the answers that she was getting from the SEC lawyers and expressed a lot of frustration with the fact that she asked very simple questions. Like, you allege that the SEC, you alleged that the us assets have been moved overseas. Great. Do you have any proof that that actually happened? And she went to ask every single SEC lawyer the same question, and none of them could answer. None of them had any evidence that that actually happened. And she really didn't like it. She felt, I can't speak for her, but she may have felt that she was a little bit misled about, is there really an emergency here? And so what she did is said, look, parties need to get together. I agree. We want to secure the customer assets us, customer assets of finance us. Let's figure out a way to do that. But there's no reason that finance us needs to be put out of business today. They should be allowed to continue operating and pay their vendors in the ordinary course.
Speaker E: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real vision crypto daily briefing.
Speaker G: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company. Consider this for the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what with each vendor. Ramp's software collects and verifies receipts instantly to save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments, time consuming tasks, which means youll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use Ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If youre a decision maker, adding Ramp could be one of the best decisions youve ever made. Get dollar 250 when you join Ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy ramp.com easy rmp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank.
Speaker F: And Celtic bank members of DIC.
Speaker G: Terms and conditions apply.
Speaker E: Yeah, I want to move on and talk about Coinbase, but first, very quickly, talk about the structure between binance and binance us and whether anything that might be perceived as an existential threat to Binance us also affects the parent company.
Speaker F: That's a really good question, Ash. It's not crystal clear. There's a lot in the complaint saying that CZ and executives at Binance International were controlling the binance US platform. So therefore, if the SEC does have jurisdiction over binance us, and the reason they would is if they can prove that there were securities traded on binance us, then they have jurisdiction under the law. Well, then if someone controls that, then they can also assert jurisdiction over that controlling party. And they specifically alleged that CZ controls finance us and finance. And so therefore there is an avenue. And so there is some commentary out there on Twitter that, that I don't quite agree with, that says there's no way the SEC can do anything to finance us. Well, if they prove that there's a control, there's control over binance us, then they suddenly will have jurisdiction and can take action and impose fines and other kinds of relief. It is, as you pointed out at the very beginning, a civilization authority, not criminal. So they can fine and prevent executives from engaging in the same conduct in the future, can prevent them from serving as an officer or director of a public company for a period of time or forever. Things of that nature are possible if they prove up their case.
Speaker E: So let's shift gears here and talk a little bit about what's happening with Coinbase like the other two stories, we have recent news flow on this yesterday and the day before. But I want to break the context down for what's been happening with the suit with Coinbase and SEC. Before we start and talk about what's happening with the new news flow, give us the big picture, 50,000 foot, what's going on with SEC's suit against Coinbase?
Speaker F: So there are two suits. First of all, Coinbase has maintained this position forever, that we. That they have contacted the SEC trying to open up dialogue about what is a rational way to register and comply and run our business and have been rebuffed by the SEC, is what they've said. And so they filed something called a writ of mandamus in the third Circuit Court of Appeals, asking the third circuit to order the SEC to answer a simple question. Will you engage in the rulemaking that we have asked around this digital asset ecosystem? We just want an answer yes or no. And the SEC has so far refused to answer yes or no to that question. And so that is pending. SEC has filed a brief saying we haven't made up our mind and we may not make up our mind anytime soon. In fact, it could be years before we decide whether we will even begin to, to engage in rulemaking around digital assets and digital asset exchanges. And so then the third circuit saw that the SEC sued coinbase and issued an order to the SEC saying, hey, you need to tell us if this means you're not going to engage in rulemaking, because it looks like you're going full bore with litigation, with whatever rules you have now. And so that's going on at the third circuit. So the big case is the SEC has sued Coinbase, and this is a very simple lawsuit. It alleges that there are securities, that some of the tokens on the platform are securities, and therefore Coinbase should have registered as a national securities exchange, a broker dealer and a clearing agent. One, two, three, those claims, and this is all going to turn on the question of, are those securities or aren't they these tokens that are traded in the secondary market? There's one additional claim, and that is that Coinbase hosts a staking as a service offering for its customers to stake their tokens, or ethereum staking, or maybe some others as well. And the SEC contends that is an investment contract as well.
Speaker E: So primary allegation being that these are, in fact, unregistered securities. And then secondary to that, two other points. The idea that staking as a service represents security as an investment contract, and additionally, this question of segregation of activities between exchanges and clearing agents, we'll delve into that in just a second. But it seems that one of the central, perhaps the central irreconcilable difference we see between SEC and the cryptocurrency industry right now, whenever we have folks on from the crypto industry, chief compliance officers, other attorneys, they always make the case that essentially, there is not a clear path forward for folks who are engaged in digital assets to have guidance. They complain about this idea of regulation by enforcement, and I shouldn't say complain. They make the case that that's the case that we're in this period where essentially the SEC doesn't tell you where the line is, they only tell you after you've stepped over it. SEC, for their part, essentially has argued, sure, of course, there's a process. Look at the 1933 securities act of 1933, the securities Exchange act of 1934. Uh, it's all spelled out for you there. Digital assets are no different. What's your view on that sort of core central dispute that we see in the space right now?
Speaker F: Well, there is no avenue to register a crypto exchange like Coinbase. Remember, the SEC's position is that virtually all tokens are securities. And therefore, if. If Coinbase wanted to register as a national securities exchange, I. The first thing they would have to do is delist everything except bitcoin and maybe ethereum, because all of the rest, in the view of the SEC, are unregistered securities. So therefore, the business model as it exists now cannot be registered. This is very, very different from what they have in the EU under the Mika legislation, where you can operate as a crypto exchange, offering many of these tokens in a very well controlled, highly regulated environment that requires segregation of customer assets, segregation of functions and accounting, and all of the things that you would want to have confidence in a crypto exchange and its operations here, it's nothing possible. The SEC has said they're all securities. The ten or 13 identified in the complaint in Coinbase and the others in binance are simply examples that they think are their best examples, their strongest arguments for proving that these tokens are securities. But if they were to win on the dozen, then it logically follows that virtually all of them would be security. So this really is for the whole ballgame, all the marbles here. If tokens trade on the secondary market are securities, then the exchange function will go away. In the United States, I happen to believe that they are not securities. There is no contract. When I trade whatever token on an exchange, not engaging in a contract with the counterparty, and I'm certainly not investing in whatever the underlying entity is. They're not going to share their profits with me if I happen to own their token for a while. So it's not an investment contract in my view. But that's my view, not legal advice of meta law Mandev but it is my view, and I feel like that that's the better view and likely to be vindicated, maybe, maybe not at the trial court, but on appeal to the Second Circuit court of Appeals or the DC circuit, and certainly at the US Supreme Court. I'm highly confident that those appellate courts will find that those are not investment contracts.
Speaker E: Many important points there. And of course not legal advice. I am not a lawyer, although we've had to dive in and read about all this stuff because it's just so important to understanding what's happening in the space. But it's great to have an attorney like yourself come in and help us understand and unpack that. I wanted to just make one other point and ask a question about it, which is this, I guess, the varying shades of gray. You mentioned some of the tokens that have been listed in the complaints. Bye SEC and also CFTC and unrelated actions talk a little bit about why you believe Ethereum was not mentioned specifically except in the staking services with regard to Coinbase and also whether or not a bitcoin carve out exists, because theres been a lot of talk about very often attorneys will say except for bitcoin. What is the formal status of that, if any?
Speaker F: Well, to my knowledge, there's no court that has said bitcoin is not a security. The SEC has said this and said it more than once, and so therefore, market participants listen to that and believe the SEC. But who knows if you have a turnover in administration. We've seen this again and again where the point of view of the SEC or the chairman just changes over time. One example, two years ago, almost exactly two years ago, may of 2021, Gary Gensler testified in Congress may 2021 and said, we at the SEC have no legal authority to regulate crypto exchanges under current law. And I would ask that the Congress consider granting such legal authority to us because I think it's important that investors have these kinds of protections and disclosures in this emerging crypto asset field like they have in the securities field. So he has done a 180 degree turn on that and says we have now all the authority we need. And so we've seen this time and again where inexplicably the position just changes. And that's not actually how the rule of law is supposed to work. It's not supposed to be a rule of men or a rule of people declaring what they think that might change from time to time. We're supposed to have a rule of law that people can follow and can order their behavior in accordance with the rule of law. And know what it is here. It's clear from those Hinman emails there's disagreement inside the building at the SEC of what is a security. What are the factors that make up a security, make a decision as to this question. And so there is no, to my knowledge, legal status. There just seems to be. Everybody agrees that bitcoin is not a security. Bitcoin is still attacked, as you know, ash on other vectors for use of electricity and carbon dioxide and things of that nature, but not a security. On Coinbase, there's a chance. What I predict is going to happen is Coinbase is going to file a motion to dismiss early and say, judge, you can tell by the complaint these are not securities under HOwie because there is no contract, there is no investment in the underlying enterprise like in Howie. The Howie investors invested in a business that was engaged in planting, cultivating and harvesting oranges, and they got a share of the profits. Well, when you, I don't know if you are involved in crypto trading, but if you were to acquire almost any token, you know, you don't own any part of the underlying business. You don't have a right, you know, you don't jump for joy when they're highly profitable because you're going to get a dividend. Doesn't happen. It's not an investment contract. And, and so there's a chance, a chance that they could prevail early.
Speaker E: In that case, very important points. I want to get to two quick questions from our viewers, because they're really good ones. The first one comes to us from Joel on the real vision website. The question is, is there any chance of the SEC going after circle USDC? It's an interesting question because the regulation around stablecoins, a very different type of regulatory and legal framework than what we see around the SEC's assertions about what is and is not a security. Can you explain first the big picture there about the way that stablecoins may or may not be regulated?
Speaker F: Well, first things first. Is that possible? Yes, it is possible because the SEC has said that the issuance of stable coins by the issuer could be an investment contract. Now that's questionable because the nature of the stable coin is to have a stable value. And so what the profit motivation is with respect to the stable coin itself is really suspect here, because you buy one for a dollar and sometime later you can turn that coin back in and get your dollar back. You haven't made a profit. Now, I suppose someone in Argentina or turkey who buys stable coins and watches their currency devalue rapidly, I don't know if that's a profit, but it's stable. And so the SEC has already taken the position that it can be issued as a security. I disagree with that point of view. And so is it possible that other issuers like tether or circle could find themselves sued? That is possible. I think they have a better argument that it certainly does not fit the howey test, because when you buy a stablecoin from circle, youre not investing in circle. Circle now is an extremely profitable enterprise. As a consequence of the short term interest rates skyrocketing over the last twelve months. The stablecoin business in the last year has gone from a nice business a year ago that you can make money on to a phenomenally profitable business simply because of the quote unquote risk free rate of 28 day t bills paying over five and a half percent. When you consider the billions on deposit, this is extremely profitable. And we saw this in the Coinbase financials, their last financial statement. They participate in that USDC stable coin, the profits from that enterprise. And it was a significant factor in the overall picture of Coinbases financials. But anyway, when you or I buy a stable coin, unfortunately, we're not participating in circles business, which is highly profitable. It would be nice to participate in that business, but we don't, we don't share in the profits. So again, I think it's wrong for the SEC to contend that that is an investment contract. And if they do so, it just casts another shadow over another part of the crypto ecosystem, which a lot of people feel like thats the SECS goal. Preston. Yeah.
Speaker E: And to your point, how we test generally taken to have three key prongs, an investment of money and a common enterprise with the expectation of profit. Im sorry for to be derived from the expectation of others if theres not an expectation of profit. Certainly, as you point out right there, an open question about whether or not it will be considered to be a security. I want you to do one more question, but first, a comment from one of our viewers, Samantha, on the real Vision website. James, huge congrats for a very clear explanation of a complex legal scenario. Excellent interview.
Speaker F: I agree.
Speaker E: Samantha. James it's been great to have this conversation and to really get the actual, you know, real meat of what's happening here. But explain in language that everyone can understand. I think it's incredibly valuable for our viewers and for our listeners. Final question. This one comes to us from Eric on YouTube. What do you make of the ten states that have said Coinbase needs to show cause within 28 days? What does this mean to someone who lives in one of those states? Great question.
Speaker F: Now, my understanding, I looked only at one state. I don't remember which it was. I looked at one state to investigate this. And what that state was saying was the staking service at Coinbase was the offer of a security under state law. And therefore they started a process which allows Coinbase to explain to the regulator that, no, this is not a security, and here's why. And so typically, you know, I dealt with this in my practice back when I was acted as a lawyer. And so often this is worked out and you have an opportunity to explain to reasonable regulators how the staking works and why it doesn't qualify as a security. And so if that state that I looked at is representative of the other ten, I think it is not positive. I think it is. What they're saying is you need to stop the staking business in our state. They're not saying you need to shut down your exchange and quit trading tokens.
Speaker E: Important distinction. James, fantastic conversation. So much information here. Final thoughts, key takeaways that you'd like leave our viewers with. We've got about 30 seconds left.
Speaker F: Well, Ash, thank you so much for having me on. I always love your show. I watch your show because you really get to the meat of issues without a lot of hype that you find sometimes in other shows. And so it's great to be on with you. Right now is a really important time, and we're going to look back on this time years from now and see what happened. There is going to be a pivot, and the pivot is either crypto and financial freedom is going to exit the United States of America, or we're going to come to our senses and welcome highly regulated, non fraudulent, non FTX trading in digital assets. And I really and sincerely hope that.
Speaker E: It'S the latter important and sobering points to end on. James, thank you so much for joining us. I hope we can have you again soon.
Speaker F: Absolutely.
Speaker E: That's it for today. Check out the Real Vision website. We're currently running a festival of learning campaign focused on AI. You can get seven days of real vision premium access and insights for free. Head over to realvision.com festival of Learning. That's real vision.com forward Slash Festival of Learning. Later today, I'll be hosting a session titled how do you invest using AI? And more importantly, should I make sure to check that out on our website? Tomorrow on the show, we'll be joined by Trent McConaughey from Ocean Protocol. See you at 09:00 a.m. pacific, noon Eastern and 05:00 p.m. london. Thanks for watching, everybody. Have a great afternoon.
Speaker A: What's up, revolutionaries? Thanks for tuning in. For more content like this, head over to real vision.com and get unfiltered access to the very best, brightest, and biggest names in finance.
