Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30 30 baby get 30 baby get 20. 2020 baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month, so give.
Speaker A: It a try at mint mobile.com switch.
Speaker C: $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited more than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance. Join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten. That's podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Now to the top analysis of today's crypto markets.
Speaker E: Crypto prices plow ahead despite the Genesis bankruptcy. The first court hearing comes later today. We'll take stock of the news and the markets live with Ben Wa Bosk from GSR. Welcome back to real vision Crypto Daily briefing. I'm Ash Bennington. Let's jump straight in to the latest price analysis. The total crypto market cap recently reclaimed the $1 trillion mark and continues to sit above it. That was in in large part thanks to another great week for bitcoin. The largest cryptocurrency has gained 9% on a trailing seven day basis. Bitcoin is currently trading higher today, around $22,900. It hit $23,200 over the weekend, its highest price since August. Crypto Slate has highlighted some interesting data from glass node on institutional investors in bitcoin. Following the Genesis bankruptcy filing, $200 million worth of spot bitcoin was transferred onto binance on January 20. Meanwhile, ether staking excuse me? Meanwhile, ether is trading lower on a 24 hours basis. Ether has also not had as great a week as bitcoin on a weekly basis. Ether has gained some 5% in that timeframe. It's currently trading just above 1700. $600.01. Final token we're looking at is GMT. It's the native token of Stepn, the Solana based lifestyle app with Gamefi elements. It's the best performer today, up 18% on a 24 hours basis. Real Vision crypto pro partner Delphi Digital says both NFTs and Gamefi have been seeing a recovery of inflows. Now let's bring in our guest Benoit Bosc is the head of global product at GSR, the crypto market making and trading firm. Welcome to Real Vision Crypto, Benoit hi.
Speaker F: Thanks so much for having me.
Speaker E: It's a pleasure to have you here. A little bit of housekeeping for our viewers. Before we begin, make sure to put your questions down in the live chat on real Vision website and on YouTube. You can also post them in our Discord channel. We'll be asking these questions on the air later in the show. Remember, real vision members take priority, but the good news is the membership is free. With that said, let's jump back in with Benoit. Benoit, let's look at some of our latest news stories today. Cointelegraph says the first court hearing in the Genesis bankruptcy is scheduled in around 2 hours in Manhattan. Genesis Global hold company and two of its lending partner subsidiaries, Genesis Global Capital and Genesis Asia Pacific, collectively known as Genesis Capital, filed for bankruptcy late Thursday. I know there are a lot of names here and it gets confusing, but these are the operating entities. Genesis is parent company digital currency Group released a statement saying DCG had no involvement in the decision by Genesis to file for bankruptcy. Genesis trading arm continues to operate. That part of the business was not included in the chapter eleven filing. Boy, Benoit, a complicated story. Give us a, an overall sense of where you think we are right now with crypto markets and what's driving them. Then we'll talk a little bit more specifically about Genesis.
Speaker F: Yeah, that was going to add. Thank you so much for having me. In a week where we've had rallies and where everything is looking green, mostly green on the window, but specifically after FTX and repercussions and Genesis is kind of like one of the latest victims of to, I would say the whole slew of events from crypto in 2022 that really started with Celsius, Lunatera, Blockfi, three arrows and continuing into FTX and now Genesis, like I said, the last victim, and I think you're seeing some pretty interesting back and forth between them and some of their creditors as well. The market that said has mostly shrugged off any bad news beginning of this year. Note that the chinese new year is always positively active, but certainly leading up this year it's been really a really notable outperformance, not one that we'd necessarily expected. I thought we might see 15,000 in bitcoin prices before we see 20,000, but now that we have seen 20,000, it seems more likely to me that we continue on this momentum and head towards 30 rather than go back to 15. But again, I think you'd want to have an abundance of caution. This is all happened very rapidly over the past couple of weeks. What's been interesting is indeed, bitcoin is the largest cryptocurrency and has allowed us to take back that 1 trillion market cap. But it spread to not so much ethereum, but a lot of the DeFi primitives. I think you've seen uniswap tokens, you've seen curve tokens all perform very well. Also, you've seen layer twos, optimism, polygon suddenly very strongly this year, and then it spread out to, I think, the newest and shiniest layer ones, aptos, I think at the biggest performance for the past, for the past week, rallying over a two third of the price. I think this says something about the kind of investors that are getting involved in crypto right now. You are seeing people that are interested in Defi, and suddenly we've had a lot of criticism on decentralized actors last year. I think the growth of DeFi from here on could be pretty staggering. You have investors that seem to be more sophisticated, that aren't just going for the standard names, as you said, bitcoin went up 10%, but ethereum only 5% and something, like I said, up to 65%. Some of the other, like GMT and others, like Solana, certainly had a big rally since Vitalik posted his tweet in December last year. It was sub dollar ten, not trading around 25. I think you're seeing a lot of very interesting narratives in crypto at the moment. Now on Genesis, though, yes, to speak about them, I was just mentioning earlier, they were founded about ten years ago. So was GSR, and I suspect they would have wished a very different type of anniversary there. The interim CEO, Dara mentioned that he wanted a quick bankruptcy process. He wanted a quick exit. But in everyone's experience, those things are never that quick and that fast. And I would say that this one has been particularly messy from the start. With these back and forth from Gemini, you've also had Cumberland and Mirana Ventures recently criticizing the bankruptcy filings as inaccurate. It'll be interesting to see what comes out of that first meeting today, as it will probably lay out some of those timelines and some of the expectations for the way that the, you know, the way that the justice side wants to proceed with it.
Speaker E: Well, Benoit, that's a very sort of clear and elegant sketch of your view of what you think is happening in markets right now, and some great analysis on your view on what's happening at Genesis. Let's talk a little bit about the nature of the business. I don't want to overstate the similarities, but GSR and genesis are in at least similar business lines. Talk a little bit about what market making is in the crypto space, liquidity provision and its role in efficient markets in crypto, and why it's so important for people who may not have a background in banking.
Speaker F: Absolutely. And you're right to say those are absolutely my views. GSR is a crypto market maker. And what that means is there is a difference between traditional markets, market making, where you might make markets for a stock like Apple or Google, where you'll show an offer and a bid, and a price at which you're willing to sell that share, and a price at which you're willing to buy a or a share in that company, the equity market through the repo system, as a way for companies who don't own the stock to sell it as they'll be able to borrow and then restitute it later. In crypto, you don't have that process, and market making takes a very different shape. When those tokens come to eat the market or they get first listed, the only person who could sell them are people who own them. And typically that's a very small group of people, especially as most of the investments are locked for longer periods of time. So protocols will launch through either their foundations or various entity might contract a market maker like GSR to help make sure that there is an offer and there is a bid, and make sure that the token is highly investible. So when we discuss with our potential clients, we try to define what kind of liquidity they want to see what kind of KPI's key performance indicators we can show that would allow for this market to be highly tradable, so that retail investors or institutional investors, when they come to look at the token and decide whether or not they might want to purchase that asset, will think that there's a minimum amount of slippage that they'll need to pay to get in the position. But similarly, should they decide to exit at a later stage, they should have a minimal amount of slippage to pay then this is the service that GSR provides, again, has been providing for about ten years. We have over 200 clients at the moment, creating liquidity on both centralized and decentralized venues with dozens of exchanges where we integrated. And that's been really like our core business model. Now, as you mentioned, we also have other activity lines, from venture investing to some ancillary services but also a big part in OTC trading. OTC trading, as you mentioned, the arm that is responsible for it, is not part of the Genesis bankruptcy. That said, in the overall context of what we've seen, again, post FTX, but really post three AC, Blockfi, Voyager and others, you have to take into account the credit risk of your counterparties, something that's pretty standard in traditional market, but not so much in crypto. So we've seen an uptick, certainly in transactions for us, as a lot of market participants have moved away from riskier counterparties. And I think at this stage that includes genesis trading.
Speaker E: Could you explain a little bit more about those separate operating entities and the distinct functions that they play in markets? Because I think it's something that's very confusing to a lot of viewers.
Speaker F: I think it should be given this genesis example where the parent company has given loans to genesis and vice versa, in a way that the id is obviously to limit liability of each entity, but in order to do so, you'd have to prove that they are legitimately different and don't have, you know, which, which sometimes may seem to be the case here, like just ultimate beneficiary ownership, that's pretty much the same. And as long as you're not, like, you know, lending to yourself and so on, they could be legitimate contracts where one entity will have its own set of assets and liabilities that will be isolated from the rest of the group. And I think Genesis is one portion like the parent company. DCG, also owns Coindesk, also owns foundry, also owns Grayscale. So obviously, they're trying to separate those companies so as to limit contagion and exposure. And you've seen in the FTX case, I believe once they listed for bankruptcy, there was an array of north of hundred. There was over 100 different companies and entities in some of the most complex bankruptcy filings ever seen, according to what lawyers said at the time. I expect you'll see a similar complex corporate structure here.
Speaker E: Well, I don't want to draw any direct metaphors here between Genesis and FTX, and I think it's important to separate them, obviously, two separate companies, two separate situations. But to talk about FTX a little bit and just what it implies about the broader crypto space. One of the things that I've been saying on this show, Benoit, is that people typically on financial news networks refer to FTX as an exchange or crypto exchange, which is generally how it's known. But the reality is if you look at all the functions that were being performed by FTX. It was a broker dealer. It was a venture capital shop. They did private equity. They had an affiliated, effectively quant shop that was doing prop trading in the traditional financial markets, these would all be totally segregated functions that we could go on and on about these functions. They were a custodial agent. They seemed like they just did everything in the space. And there's a reason we've learned these lessons here in traditional finance dating back 19 oh 719 20 919 87. We've seen how all of these things can go wrong, and that's why they're segregated. By the way, for our viewers who are watching, if it sounds like Benoit has a lot of markets experience, that's because he does over a decade at the Goldman Sachs and Barclays, I believe, trading things like interest rate strategies, exotics and energy. So, Ben, how do you think about the state of play in these markets with your experience in this space? Because, as you just alluded to, there are some things that seems like lessons that we've learned in traditional finance that maybe haven't quite filtered over yet. To the crypto side, I couldn't agree.
Speaker F: More with everything you're saying. I think crypto has been very worried in the past, a couple of years to three years, and Defi also about what it could do and not too much about what it should do. I believe there are a lot of lessons from traditional finance that were looked at maybe with some skepticism, as people were looking to disrupt and create a novel paradigm for finance. Now, some of those may be, yes, like we were looking for more disintermediation. We are looking for a different amount of transparency and so on. But some of the things from traditional finance are real lessons learned about how to operate with integrity. You cannot necessarily always rely on self regulation and integrity from all market participants. I think one of the examples that I like to point to is the recent mango attacker and his hack, where he created two accounts, and by pushing one very negative, pushed the other to be very positive, against which he could to take a loan and essentially drain that protocol. But if you were to try that in traditional finance, similarly, you would find that you can't open two accounts at Chase and pretend that one is very positive while withdraw down from the other. I think similarly on FTX. Right. There's a reason why exchanges in traditional finance do not operation operate on some sort of fractional bank. You know, fractional banking principle. It's all simple stuff. And I think last year showed our failure in being good, self regulated actors. And as a result, you will see for sure this year more actions from the Fed and SEC and potentially CFTC, hopefully in the right way about regulating those markets and making sure to protect the end users.
Speaker E: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited premium wireless everybody to get 30 30 better 30 better 20 2020 1515 just $15 a month, so.
Speaker A: Give it a try@mintmobile.com.
Speaker C: Switch $45 up front for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time Unlimited more than 40gb per month slows full terms@mintmobile.com.
Speaker E: Dot yeah, so many good points you raised there, Benoit. I mean, there's this, this sort of element of the throwing out the baby with the bath water. I remember when I first got it started in the crypto space covering this at coindesk, actually back in 2017, where I was their first markets lead. I remember really thinking that the greatest part about crypto was that they started from scratch with a blank sheet of paper, threw everything away, and had engineers, people who were brilliant, had brilliant computer science backgrounds, but no experience in finance, just dream everything up from the very beginning, from first principles, from a white sheet of paper. And the worst part about crypto is that they threw everything out the window and started dreaming up everything with a white sheet of paper, with people who had no experience in traditional finance. It's such a strange sort of aspect because it cuts both ways. That's kind of the glory of the space. And also, in many ways, the pain point, as we see here in these.
Speaker F: Last few months, certainly. And hopefully we're learning. We've learned, but we're still learning. And some of the contempt towards some of the experience in traditional markets, some of the, again, like the most boring aspects, I want to say, of traditional finance, the risk, the credit, how you utilize collateral, you work around margins. Hopefully all of that percolates back in the space in the right way. And I think we are seeing an emphasis already among some of the new founders about projects that will have aspects around identity which could be used for KYC. Aml. Definitely a lot of emphasis on transparency and trustless protocols, seeing everything on chain. So I think we're going to get there, but it's going to take a while for sure. And also, again, I love our institutional adoption, which is the end goal here.
Speaker E: Indeed, talking of FTX and traditional finance, I wanted to touch on this story. CNBC reports us federal prosecutors seized nearly $700 million in cash and assets connected to Sam Bankman Fried, the former CEO, of course, of the crypto exchange FTX. According to court documents, the sum consists primarily of SBF shares in the trading company Robinhood, obviously a publicly held company here in the United States. The shares are part of a multi party legal battle. Federal prosecutors have alleged that the Robinhood shares were purchased using allegedly stolen customer funds. Sam Bankman Fried has denied misappropriating customer funds. Of course, it's important to point out that Sam Bankman Freed has been charged, but not yet convicted of any crime. One other story I wanted to touch on here, and I was hoping you could provide a little bit of context for this for me, because I think it's a confusing one. Crypto friendly banks have been battered lately, and now Binance says signature bank is no longer going to support transactions below $100,000 starting in February. Finance is. This means some of its customers won't be able to make Swift bank transfers to buy or sell digital assets with us dollars. By the way, for those who don't know, Swift is a backend system, a messaging system that banks use to exchange funds and other financial transactions. However, Binance says only 0.01% of its customers will be affected. This is apparently part of a previously announced move by signature to limit its exposure to the crypto industry. Shares of Signature bank are trading higher on the Nasdaq right now on the day. But while one of the confusing things to me is this idea of limiting exposure by only allowing transactions above $100,000, there's something about this that just instinctively doesn't make sense to me. It's like if you're lowering your allocation to a particular sector and you say, well, we're not going to do transactions except above a certain floor. Give us a little bit of context on this, if you have any. It just seems like such an unusual story.
Speaker F: I agree. I think signature has definitely been also battered by, they were close to FTX, they were close to all of those things. So they've certainly suffered also just the overall crypto exposure. But in this particular move, I think it has more to do with making sure that you protect most of the retail participants and that most of the people that you will be dealing with because of the amounts required, will be accredited investors where they might limit the liability.
Speaker E: Yeah, I guess one of the challenges. Go ahead, please.
Speaker F: No, no. I do agree also with binance that, like, I don't expect that to have a massive impact on their business or much crypto exchange business, because I don't think that's a very common way of transacting.
Speaker E: Yeah. What, if any, significance the story has? Do you think there is any impact that we're missing here?
Speaker F: I think this is mostly an announcement to help them create a little bit of distance with the crypto market. Their shares have been punished for that exposure. I think they want to have this arm's length relationship at the moment. I suspect if crypto continues to rally and does well, signature might put some more crypto positive headlines out.
Speaker E: Let me ask you this about the current rally that we're seeing in the crypto space. One of the things that's interesting is there's been a very clear, if you look at the historical correlation over the last, say, 18 or 24 months, that shows a pretty strong correlation between the Nasdaq and crypto. Essentially, it appears as though it's trading as effectively as a risk on asset. When you have news that the central bank here in the United States and abroad are going to be tightening, tighten less quickly, meaning that the inflation data comes out sort of softer than expected, that there's less expectation of central bank tightening, less expectation of central banks restricting financial conditions, crypto markets rally. In other words, it reacts like a traditional risk asset in many ways, the opposite of what many people in the space had said earlier. This idea that digital assets, particularly bitcoin, was an off the grid store of value, kind of a digital gold, that would be inversely correlated with traditional, uh, risk assets. How do you think about that? Broadly speaking, in terms of its overall correlation.
Speaker F: Your spot on the correlation has been pretty high throughout all of 2022, and suddenly it's traded like all risk assets, like Nasdaq. Mostly what's been interesting is that crypto proponents have always pointed out that it should be a anti inflation, essentially like digital gold star value, but it hasn't exactly happened that way so far. The supply mechanism, although there, in spite of what Jimmy Dimon said, there could be more bitcoin that is actually coded in the source code, would be an interesting one, but it doesn't really work. But to be honest, we haven't really had crypto in an inflationary environment before now. So I do expect the decoupling to happen. I've been surprised that our correlated. It's stayed. But we're seeing also that crypto is more than just bitcoin. And so if bitcoin has traded more in line. Suddenly we've had other Defi tokens, other layer ones, that have traded a bit more idiosyncratic practically. But certainly that's something that I'm looking for in the first six months of this year is a decoupling at some point, especially when you're going to have institutional allocators, asset managers, hedge funds. We are going to look for asymmetrical upside inflation. And all of last year, I think has brought back a lot more symmetry to equities rates and other. While crypto still is an asset that could go much higher. So I suspect we'll fare better on that basis and also on the fact that the constraints are different than for most assets. Certainly Ethereum, which has now turned deflationary, that should help also with that and the fact that the chain is getting so much usage even from layer two s. But yeah, that's certainly one of the things that I'm looking forward in the next six months or so is further decoupling from crypto, from other risk assets.
Speaker E: And while talking about other things in the ecosystem besides bitcoin, I want you to just touch on one more story here. According to multiple media reports, Microsoft is scaling back its metaverse ambitions. Its virtual reality and augmented reality teams bore the brunt of recent heavy job cuts. That includes the entire team of all space VR, the pioneering virtual spaces platform Microsoft bought back in 2017. Microsoft says it will direct more more resources toward its mixed reality platform, Microsoft Mesh. This cut comes at a time when Apple is setting itself up for a battle with meta with its new VR AR headset product. This is interesting. We do see all of these sort of divergent aspects of what's happening here in the sort of decentralized digital asset space. One of them is VR AR metaverse type technologies. It's not entirely clear how all of this is going to integrate together. I guess the clearest thing that we can say is that folks who have a passion for digital assets tend to be interested in the metaverse. But it is an interesting time to see all of these stories, particularly with these very large, publicly held Silicon Valley giants entering and sometimes backing away, backing forward, backing away into that space.
Speaker F: Absolutely. And to be honest, this story, how should I say, isn't all that surprising if you consider that the reports that meta lost close to 10 billion last year on their own metaverse initiative.
Speaker E: Which they changed the middle to, of course. Right. I mean, that's a pretty big sign that you're taking this bet seriously when you change the name of the company.
Speaker F: Well, to be fair, they did change the name when it was more bullish, but I don't think they can reverse that. But I do think what's interesting is that the metaverse concept, and again, you've had reports from many banks as to the potential man that it could be the potential activity that could take place there at some point. Undoubtedly, it will make sense. The issue has been right now the product market feat isn't obvious. And I think the same about nfTs, digital owned property or even Gamefi. We are moving towards more serious games and engaging, you know, on digital entertainment. I would say further and better. But so far, the nature of the games, the nature of things that were earned to play or play to earn, sorry, Orlando. Or any kind of like even here, like I said, NFTs also, it still remained pretty anecdotal. I think we'll move towards a lot better games, lot more adoption, and that's going to become a force in itself that is going to drive a particular segment of the crypto and digital asset space.
Speaker E: Yeah, very well said. Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real Vision crypto daily briefing.
Speaker G: You're a podcast listener, and this is a podcast ad. Reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from lips and ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements, or run a reproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience with lips and ads, go to lipsandads.com now. That's Libsyn ads.com.
Speaker E: It'S nearly time for some viewer questions. But before that, for those watching on the real Vision website, thank you. If you haven't signed up there yet, check it out@realvision.com. crypto. That's realvision.com crypto. That's the best way to get early access to all real vision crypto content. And it's always free. On Friday, we released Ral's interview with punk 65 29 in two and a half hours. They cover the open metaverse, the importance of memes, the impact of AI, the meaning of life, and what the hell 6529 is up to right now. Check it out. It's proving very popular with our visionaries. That's real vision.com crypto. If you're watching on YouTube, please like and subscribe and hit the notification bell. Okay, with that, onto our questions for Benoit. And there are a lot, and they're good ones. The first one comes to us from one of our regular viewers, Ralph H. On the real vision website, did I understand Benoit correctly, that his clients in the market making business are the protocols? Could he flesh that out a little bit more?
Speaker F: Yeah, no, that's absolutely correct. And again, that's a different. Because in traditional markets, you wouldn't have Apple, Google, Microsoft or any other contracting market makers. Those are typically prop firms, proprietary trading firms that are taking on that role here. It's a little bit different, but it's a lot more akin to what happens maybe when someone has a launch to market, which in equities is going to be a process called IPO, initial public offering. Here in the token launch, it is about making sure that the protocol can find the right way to create liquidity that will allow it to distribute its token to people who want to purchase.
Speaker E: Yeah. By the way, I should say I am watching both chats on the real vision website and on YouTube, and it's always great to see folks jumping in. So if you have any questions, please don't be shy about diving in and asking. Here's a follow up from Ralph, and it's an interesting one. I assume that Benoit's firm uses futures to hedge market making activities. We'll confirm that. Does he foresee any crypto futures other than bitcoin and ETH becoming available? Interesting question, Benoit.
Speaker F: So while I described our way of market making, obviously on bitcoin and ETH, because precisely there are futures, but also. And I think that's one of the most important instruments in crypto compared to traditional market perpetual futures. And I'll explain in a second. On bitcoin and Ethereum, anyone could be a market maker in a more proprietary sense that I was referring to. So you will have firms like some of the firms that may be active in traditional market, that could make market in bitcoin and ETH. For most protocols, when they launch a new token, there isn't a future market and there probably will not be. The future dated market is pretty limited to bitcoin ETH at some point we had Solana, but there's very few such protocols. The perpetuals, there's more of them. Although FTX was one of the main venues for trading those so suddenly, liquidity there has reduced somewhat, but we've seen that match spot in the past year. But for most protocols like those, perpetual futures even don't exist immediately. They don't exist at launch time. They will come later, and then they become instruments that you can use to help facilitate liquidity. But again, you will have a supply demand issue in terms of the funding rate that you might pay to keep those positions on. I don't want to get into it too much as it gets complex, but I would say that, like, my answer, therefore, would be no, those are not instruments that are routinely used as part of the market making, because precisely of those constraints. So we will use just liquid tokens to market make, which is why we need to be contracted by protocol.
Speaker E: Let me jump here around a little bit. This actually alludes to a point that we were talking about a little bit earlier. Benoit, this is Etato one on YouTube. How would crypto react in a state of recession? Interesting question. We were obviously talking about this earlier with central banks. How do you think about the relationship between the business cycle and the asset cycle in cryptocurrency?
Speaker F: Well, I think we've seen some of it already play outd in that as disposable income becomes more valuable or more rare, certainly you've seen outflows from crypto and people spending less or investing less on crypto. So that's the first phase where that is very much true of all risk assets. And what's happening at that time is a higher correlation between things like Nasdaq and Crypto. Now, once you get into after that phase, once it's accepted that there is a recession or there is inflation or economic constraint, I believe that's when crypto, once it has found its footing, which hopefully is the basis that we've reached at the end of last year. And the kind of rally that we are seeing now is because as people look for assets that have retained some sense of upside, then you might want to do it in crypto, because crypto last year, say, for bitcoin or ethereum, may have lost 60, 70, 80% of its value. So the potential on the rally would be to do 2345 x. Well, you just don't have the same kind of returns in other asset classes. So at this stage, I'd expect crypto to outperform on the basis of allocations.
Speaker E: We have time for one more question. I'm always impressed by the questions that we get from our viewers. These are folks who really are watching these markets closely. This one comes to us from JM on YouTube. Has the disappearance of liquidity providers like Alameda and others from the crypto markets impacted overall liquidity and trade execution? Great question, Jmdehdeh.
Speaker F: Certainly, Alameda was one of our main competitors in terms of market making, but also providing liquidity. Certainly following FTX and following now the events with Genesis, you've seen much reduced liquidity across exchanges, on all venues, across all tokens. And that impacts the capacity to execute any kind of trade and certainly also will exacerbate volatility and short term moves, some of which might be what's also leading to this slightly faster than expected rally that we're experiencing as the crypto asset grows. And going back above 1 trillion, I think was an important milestone. I'd expect liquidity to resume and to come back, certainly for ourselves. It's been an opportunity to step up and help for those clients and in situations where we felt like we could help, making sure that the liquidity needs were met and that there wasn't too much of an impact. But, yes, it has been more challenging for the entire industry, hopefully something that, again, disappears as we rally.
Speaker E: And what fantastic conversation. Great having you here on real vision. I hope you can join us again. Before you go, give us your final thoughts and key takeaways from this conversation.
Speaker F: It's interesting to see, it's always very interesting because real vision has such a broad spectrum of viewers. So I get a lot from those questions, as you mentioned, and interesting to see the interplay between other risk assets and whats happening in crypto. And I think thats really something that I want to keep my eyes on for the next six months is how do we perform relatively, how do we perform in this new macro environment? And can we move past all of those, I dont want to say all of those issues with all of those crypto firms that have had credit or other criminal thing like FTX or issues like Genesis, which again, is very different. But really, we just need to move to a better world for crypto, and I think we'll outperform other asset classes on that basis.
Speaker E: Yeah Benoit, to your point, I'm interested in many of those points as well. Cross asset correlation, also this broader sort of cyclicality of the industry, whether it remains a risk on asset. And finally, I would say the points that we were talking about earlier I find so interesting, these ideas of the segregation of services and the aggregation of services that we see in crypto and how those are going to be divided up in the future. I think those are really interesting questions. Really terrific conversation. Thank you so much again for joining us. Benoit really enjoyed this.
Speaker F: My pleasure. Thank you.
Speaker E: For those of you watching on YouTube, if you're not a real vision crypto subscriber yet, don't forget it's free. Head to realvision.com crypto and subscribe and hit the notification bell here for good measure as well. That way you will always stay up to date with the latest crypto news and analysis. That's it for today. We'll be back tomorrow with metal law man. See you at 09:00 a.m. pacific, noon Eastern, 05:00 p.m. london time, live on real Vision Crypto daily briefing. Have a great day, everybody.
