Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30. 30, baby get 30, baby get 20. 2020, baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint mobile.com switch $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker C: Hey, everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall. To get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance, visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year, join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. And now into today's episode of Ralph Real Vision.
Speaker B: The formalities have gone, and I want to get into being brilliantly bullish with Raoul Paul. So we'll call this episode brilliantly bullish. Raoul, how are you doing, man? Brilliantly bullish. I've coined a term now for you. Raoul is brilliantly bullish.
Speaker D: This only means that the market can collapse from here on. As soon as you term something like that, everything goes wrong. I know, I'm bullish. I'm bullish. I've been bullish for a while, and it hasn't changed.
Speaker B: I must say, before we. I'm bullish on your house in the small cayman. I mean, I love the background in this house. Just quickly walk us through what we're looking at here because it looks like quite a cool house.
Speaker D: Yeah. This is the main lounge here. Pool table, bar, kitchen area over there, dining table and stuff. And out this way is the caribbean sea. It's right on the beach. I'm a very, very lucky boy. But that's what working 14 hours days for 20 years gets for you.
Speaker B: And you go to, you go from your other house in the big cayman to your house in the small cayman when you need to write and you need some peace and you need some quality.
Speaker D: I know. Because, you know, being on one perfect tropical island is not good enough. You need to be on two, man.
Speaker B: I'm doing it all wrong, man.
Speaker D: This one is. There's only 140 people live here, so it's like, it's total nature. It's just nature. It's amazing.
Speaker B: All right, I'm coming to visit. I know Scott Melker came to visit you he said that you're very, very, very tall, six foot four.
Speaker D: What he said was, I was very, very nice. He said, you're tall, incredibly good looking and tall. Yeah, I'm six foot four.
Speaker B: Wow, that's huge. Raoul, I want to get into why you're bullish. I mean, let's. Maybe I'm going to hand it over to you. When we spoke early on, I said, cyral, how are you feeling in general? You said, feeling bullish. I asked you, are you bored? And you said, I just wish we could get August and September out of the way. Walk me through the thesis. Why are you so bullish?
Speaker D: So, the thesis, my thesis has not changed for a while, which was that the recession everybody is expecting is probably playing out. But it was priced in last year. The markets don't go down 75% in crypto without it pricing. In the economic cycle, the equity markets fell 30, 35%. Long end of tech fell 70%. So we had it priced in last year. So then the market starts pricing in what? So liquidity started picking up in June of last year, and that's when I started adding to my ETH bets into that big sell off in ETH where ETH made its low. Then the confirmation of my forward looking indicators was that October was another liquidity event, where liquidity was rising, but the markets was having its last spasm. So again, I kind of added into that bet, added technology names as well, and was adding all the way through. So for me, looking forwards, we're now getting the bits that I've been waiting for. You see, I live in the future. I'm used forward looking indicators, so they're looking at things in advance, the economic data in advance, kind of a glimpse into the future. But now that data is catching up, which is inflation is going down, unemployment is slowly rising, the economy is slowing down, and that means the Fed soon stop raising rates. It means that eventually they cut rates and eventually maybe they use quantitative easing. We're also going into an election year. An election year tends to have stimulus because they want to get elected, so they bribe everybody with money. So we've got this kind of nexus of stimulus that's likely to come between the back end of this year, 2024, 2025. I've been working on something called the everything code as well, which I think I've spoken to the banter audience about as well. And that's basically the idea that what the central banks are doing with quantitative easing is printing money to pay the interest on the debt from the previous debt, debt cycle. So every three and a half years, same as the bitcoin halving cycle, is this economic cycle driven by government debts and how they roll them every kind of three and a half years because they're all three to five year debts. We're about to come into the period where they have to monetize the pandemic payments and they were massive and they can't do it with interest rates where they are now. So what they're hoping is that they can get inflation to undershoot. They are not stupid. The central banks, they obviously know the forward looking indicators are falling on everything, but they want an inflation undershoot because they need to be able to cut rates low enough that they can refi the debt and then put it onto the balance sheet. So that means in layman's terms, starting from the back end of this year, the last quarter, let's call it kind of November December period, there's going to be more cowbell. And Cowbell is my tagline for stimulus, whether it's the printing of money starts or that starts then, or cutting of rates, because they need to be able to service the debt. There's $13 trillion of debts that come up for renewal plus the new debt that they're issuing. So it's an enormous amount for the markets to digest. And the only way of doing it is this.
Speaker B: They can't really refi, be crazy for them to start refinancing at rates that are the highest that they've ever been and maybe even getting higher.
Speaker D: So. Exactly, because it just means that they have to have more issue more debt just to pay the interest. Now, what they have been doing, they have been issuing some of this debt, but they've been doing it like three month bills because they don't want to commit themselves to having to pay bloody 5% interest for five years. What they want to do is keep it the short term, let the economy collapse or let inflation collapse, cut rates, then they'll roll all the debt out five years, between three, four and five years. So that's the game in town. They're all doing it, all the central banks.
Speaker B: I mean, I was wondering, I was actually seeing that a lot of the auctions now are three months and six month duration bills. I was actually wondering why the durations were so short. I thought it was just normal. It was normal. But I think what you're saying makes a whole lot more sense that they.
Speaker D: Just, you're buying time for rates to come down.
Speaker B: Let's speak a little bit about rates coming down. So we had the. Let's just quickly look. We had the PCE numbers that came out. PCE numbers were an increase on the previous PCE number. So we are getting a little spike up in inflation. Do you think that that's anything to worry about, or do you think that that's just, you can't have inflation on a, on a down only trend?
Speaker D: Yeah. So inflation is a measure against what happened the previous year. So if there were some outsized moves this time the previous year, you tend to get these squiggles. As it is, the trend in inflation is lower because commodities have generally been lower over time. That was the first thing to move. But then you start getting the more stickier components. Rents, wages, all of that is coming down, and that stuff keeps going. So the front end of falling interest rates is still to be baked into the cake, and that will be headline. Inflation should get below 2%, maybe even zero, by the end of this year, which is like, if I can see that in my data, surely the fed can, too, which adds to that argument that the Fed know that they're trying to undershoot on inflation on purpose.
Speaker B: So I think, I mean, it's super encouraging that we saw rentals coming down. Rentals was one of the stickiest components of inflation.
Speaker D: Shelter those lag between eight and 15 months. So this stuff is going to keep falling because of how the calculations are well into 2024 and into 2025 again. My calculations put core inflation at zero or negative. Next summer, maybe I'm a bit early, but by this time next year, core inflation is going to be at zero. It's kind of baked in the mathematical cake. So that's how I see it. So just over time, these numbers will keep coming lower. Now, if we look at the trufflation numbers, they've been bouncing around, they hit like 2.2% or 2.1%. Now they're at 2.752.72, something like that. That's this comparison to what happened the previous year, what commodity markets did. But again, over time, the stickier components will just keep falling. And that mechanism of these slow things like rents and wages, they take a long time to deflate, which is why central banks tend to cut well after recession. They tend to be cutting for like 18 months after a recession because they're fighting this inflation thing, deflation thing at that point.
Speaker B: So you say in the Fed's reading historical data, you're looking forward. Fed is saying we're at 3%, but you're saying we're actually at 0%. Because you guys are using historical data. I'm looking into the future. I'm seeing what the lag effect is going to do. Inflation's a thing of the past. The next thing that the Fed is juggling is unemployment. We're starting to see the unemployment market, the employment market easing a little bit, which is a good sign, rentals coming down. So all in all, you're saying that the Fed's job with interest rates is done, or it sounds like you're saying that the Fed's job with interest rates is done. When I look at what the market's predicting. Market is predicting no more rate tax issue, but there is a 40% chance of one more rate hike in the November FOMC meeting. Do you think that that's a concern or do you think that we're done now with interest rate hikes?
Speaker D: I think we're done. I think by November, inflation is going to be 2% or less. Wow. I think that they have no chance of continuing. So, no, I think the data that's been coming out, as you've been pointing out, is very much telling the Fed that they're not going to do anymore. And if that continues, which I think it strongly think it does, then that's game over. And in fact, we're going to be looking at rate cuts. Now, the thing that will accelerate rate cuts is the banks. If those regional banks start running into any banana skins and slipping up, then the game gets really interesting, because then they have to stop QT, they have to start rescuing banks, and then the real game is on. Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker D: Mint Mobile Unlimited premium wireless.
Speaker B: Everybody get 30, 30 a bit to get 30, bid to get 20. 2020 to 15. 1515, just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint mobile.com. switch $45 up front for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for a limited time unlimited. More than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker B: Okay, so the US economy, you're saying, is actually very, very, very healthy. And given the fact that there's an election year next year, you think that they're going to make it healthy?
Speaker D: Actually, I don't think it's healthy. I think we're likely in a recession and we're likely that will likely show up in the data from this quarter, next quarter. So we won't see it. But I think we've been in a recession for a while and I think when eventually gets called, it may have even started the beginning of the year. And you get this kind of weird data, prints, then revisions. So I think the recession is happening. I mean, find me somebody who hasn't been laying off staff. I don't know anybody who hasn't laid off staff.
Speaker B: Yeah, everyone's literally downsizing. I mean, except banter. Everybody's ready and real vision. We're hiring and growing, but everybody else.
Speaker D: That's right. But people have seen slower sales. It gets hidden by the fact that some of these massive tech giants have done so well. But really it's been a pretty terrible market. You look at trucking and freight and cardboard boxes and all of the stuff that shows what goes on in the economy looks terrible. And we had this last hurrah over the summer where everybody we knew was in bloody Italy or Greece and, or every European was in Spain. Right? Everybody.
Speaker B: I just thought it was my friends, but I'm glad you're telling me it was your friends because everyone I looked was in Italy.
Speaker D: Everybody was Italy, Greece or Spain. And it was that. And we saw it here in the Cayman Islands in December, and you probably saw it in Cape Town in December, January as well. We were full. And I'm like, weird. Because everyone's discretionary spending had gone down because of inflation. But people, because we all live in this digital world now, and so these real life experiences like holidays now, are a premium. We will spend more money on doing that. That's the last thing we'll sacrifice now. So I think that final summer hurrah of spending goes, and now everyone's got to pay the bloody bill. Now, if you remember, in America, all the surplus savings after the pandemic are now at zero.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker D: So we've got no surplus saving. Credit card borrowings are going up, but credit card rates are all time record highs. If that's not a shit show, I don't know what it is.
Speaker B: Yeah, ok. But I think what you're saying is if we look forward the way, I mean, the Fed probably can't tighten anymore. If they do tighten beyond this point and you start increasing credit card rates for these same Americans who don't have savings, I mean, that's a recipe for disaster. And I think you can't afford a disaster in an election year. So it's kind of like they're going to, they're going to do something.
Speaker D: So my forecast has always been that this was going to be a relatively mild recession, and I think that will still prove out to be the case. But our job is to figure out what is liquidity going forwards. Are we going to get more liquidity in the markets? And the answer is most likely yes.
Speaker B: Ok, let's talk about that. Let's talk about that for a second. Because when I look at the other side of the world, China, Japan. So, I mean, we've been talking about China and talking about Japan. China's not looking very good. They may be in the beginning of another real estate collapse. Evergrande defaulting? Evergrande filing for chapter 15 bankruptcy in the United States. I read something earlier today that, let me try and find it here. Evergrande's wealth unit. We are unable to repay investors this month. I heard this on Bloomberg. I'll quickly just play 2 seconds of it, and if you guys can hear that.
Speaker E: Some 30% of the country's gdp. As for Country Garden, you know, just last year it was China's largest residential developer. Now it is battling a liquidity crisis. On Wednesday, it warned it could default on its vast debts as it reported a loss of $7 billion for the first half of the year. In a filing to the Hong Kong stock exchange, this is what country Garden said. Let's bring it up for you. Said this, quote, the company felt deeply remorseful for the unsatisfactory performance, unquote. A country garden is saddled nearly $200 billion in liabilities it is facing.
Speaker B: So, Evergrande, country garden, you've got China effectively now entering deflation. So the economy slowed down to the extent that retail sales are down, unemployment's up at all time highs. A lot of people say that China may be. China sneezes, the rest of the world catches pneumonia. Maybe China is the problem now. They are taking steps, they are taking meds to try and get better. I did read a whole lot of articles of banning short selling, for example, reducing the requirements to give people more mortgages, preventing default in certain mortgages. Do you think that China might be in trouble? Do you think that or do you think that that's maybe a good, that is a good way to get liquidity into the global markets?
Speaker D: So let's play this through. So China's a shit show. It's quite clear they've got a liquidity problem. They don't have enough liquidity. They've overbuilt property markets. There's too much debt in China. So what is the outcome?
Speaker B: 2008 playbook. This is where they invented it. Print many stimulus.
Speaker D: So there's the second largest economy in the world starting to increase stimulus. Let's flip to Japan. What Japan has been doing is interesting. They've been holding their interest rates at this half a percent and they've just ratcheted it up. And how they've held it there is what's known as yield curve control. They buy all bonds at that price so bond yields can't go higher. What is that? That is printing of money. So they've been stimulating.
Speaker B: Why don't they stop stimulating now? Because of the inflation threat in that country, the GDP spinning out of control there. Do you not think that. I mean, the fear is that they're going to have to increase rates because they're going to. It's the only way they're going to combat inflation.
Speaker D: No, that's bananas. Because they can't. They're 265, 265% of GDP in debt. I.
Speaker B: Okay, so they can't increase interest rates.
Speaker D: If you increase the interest rates, you have to issue more debt to pay the interest. Right. It's this massive problem. So what do you do? Keep interest rates roughly at your trend rate of GDP growth so then your GDP can pay your interest payments. That's. So everybody's doing the same. And I've gone back and proven it that all of the QE that's happened since 2008 exactly equates to the interest payments from the previous cycle. That's Japan, that's the UK, that's Europe, that's the US.
Speaker B: Wow. So you're thinking that the US is going to have to increase liquidity because it's an election year and because they're nearing the top of the interest rate hiking cycle and things are starting to break. And the only meds for what's going to break is stimulus or increased liquidity. China, more.
Speaker D: More cowbell.
Speaker B: Yeah, China, same thing. China is broken. The only way to fix it is more stimulus, more liquidity into the markets. Japan going to need to keep, if they want to stay alive, they're going to have to keep doing what they're doing, which is more liquidity into the markets. If what you're saying is in Europe, right.
Speaker D: Europe's super slow. They're getting towards the end of their rate hike cycle. We're starting to see the economies that led the rate hike cycle cutting. So that was actually, weirdly, this time around it was Brazil and Chile and a bunch of others. They've all started cutting rates. So the rate cutting cycle has started globally, and we will just see more and more countries in the rate cutting cycle. The Europeans will need to stimulate at some point, they're going to finish their cycle. Inflation will, they'll do the same thing. They'll try and make sure inflation is absolutely to undershoot their target of 2%. The US will do the same, the UK will do the same, and then it's all on for stimulus again. Because the need to repay this debt, the only way of doing it is shunting onto the balance sheet of the central bank at lower interest rates.
Speaker B: Look, I haven't been in the markets for as long as you have. Is this the normal length for a cycle? When I say the normal length for a cycle, Covid for me was the beginning of a cycle where we started printing a lot of money. That was 2020. We're now going into 2024. So are these cycles generally four year cycles? I mean, is that how long the up down cycle usually is?
Speaker D: Yeah. And when you look at the maturity of debt for all of these governments, that mainly in this kind of three to five year area, so every three to five years, interest rates go up because the economy's been, you know, growing. But what happens is there's so much debt that higher interest rates lead the economy to slow down, obviously, and they then use that period to pay the interest payments on the previous cycle. So, yes, four years has been like clockwork since 2008. Why since 2008? Something magic happened in 2008, we had a global debt I Jubilee. Now, most people understand a debt Jubilee is none of us have to pay our debts back. What they did was something more subtle. They all said, none of you have to pay the interest on your debt. We're going to make interest rates zero. So every government was like, we now don't have to pay our interest because they'd all hit 100% of GDP in debt or higher. So there's not enough GDP growth to pay all this stuff. So this keeps moving forwards and it keeps rolling and I don't know the way out of this yet until we get some productivity miracle and we can raise GDP growth. That's the real issue here.
Speaker B: Sure. What a no wonder we said, you're brilliantly bullish at the beginning, because, I mean, I've had a lot of guests on in the last couple of weeks and, I mean, none of them have broken it down like that. They've all focused on one of the problems.
Speaker D: They all say, and I see it everywhere on crypto, Twitter and macro. Twitter is we've got a recession. The markets need to collapse. I'm like, if we are going into the deep depths of the recession, it's the opposite, because that's the high probability of stimulus. We had this priced in last year when we, when the market saw inflation, they knew the central banks were going to keep raising rates of. So that was our recession in the markets. The markets are now following the liquidity cycle, and that's confusing the hell out of people. Everybody I speak to, I was just speaking to one of the well known friends of ours in crypto. He's like, yeah, I'm still sitting on a lot of cash, but I don't know what to do because everyone's kind of expecting another big leg lower. They're all going to get caught out. You're seeing it in the stock market, too. All of the institutions are underweight because.
Speaker B: They'Ve been waiting, because they didn't believe the rally. No one believed the rally.
Speaker D: Yes. And I'm like, but it was priced in last year.
Speaker B: Let's talk about bitcoin. And I mean, I think we should probably spend a couple of minutes talking about the grayscale ETF decision. I want to ask you a question. Do you think that the grayscale ETF decision was bigger than the Ripple SeC decision? When I said the ETF decision versus the tokens, potentially not being securities, which one in your mind was more important for the future of crypto?
Speaker D: Probably the ripple, I agree, because we.
Speaker B: Had a spaces yesterday where we spoke about this and people were saying, no, the ETF decision is bigger. I said, look, the ETF decision just means more money coming into the asset. The other one is a pivotal moment because it actually changes whether these things are securities or not securities. And that changes the entire future of how people build with these things, use these things.
Speaker D: Well, because an ETF bitcoin, as you say, this is just flow of money. What the XRP ripple case is all about is really about the future of web three. Agree, which is a much bigger concept than just cryptocurrencies. It's about the integration of blockchain technology into everything that we do in a whole bunch of different business models. And that's not clear yet where that's going to come out, but it's coming out in favor of web three being the future. And not everything is a bloody security, which is ludicrous. Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners, and then we'll be right back.
Speaker F: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp, are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company spending and control who spends what. With each vendor. Ramp software collects and verifies receipts instantly to save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments, time consuming tasks, which means youll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line. The if you're a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get $250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy. Ramp.com easy.
Speaker D: Cards issued by Sutton bank.
Speaker F: And celtic bank members have DIC terms and conditions apply.
Speaker B: One thing I've noticed is, when things are going to the courts, web three is winning. So ripple, it went to the court. Web ₩3. There was another monumental ruling this year. I actually may have it. Here it is, the uniswap ruling. Now, a lot of people just, you know, they browse this and say, it's just. It's a case. It's a. It's a fickle case against uniswap. But it's actually not, because in this ruling, the judge actually acknowledged that DeFi is a decentralized protocol, and you can't hold the developers liable for how people use the protocol. And they also acknowledge that DeFi is just a piece of code, which is. I mean, that is a massive reading. The third big ruling we had was grayscale versus the SEC, where Grayscale said, look. Where the judge said, hold on a second. You can't treat the futures ETF different from the spot ETF because essentially they both rely on the price of the spot asset. So I think that when things are going to the courts, we're getting some fantastic outcomes, and web three is actually winning.
Speaker D: Just what I think the SEC misunderstood here was how smart this space is. It is the smartest collection of people I've ever come across because they are technologists, they're finance people, they're artists, they are this conglomeration of people with skill sets I have never seen in any industry before. Sure, there's smart people in AI, but they're kind of less commercial than this group of people, right? So you're going up against some of the smartest people in the world who are mission driven and who have thought about decentralized protocols. That's why it was invented, because the idea is we know that this is an answer that the courts can't deal with because it is code. They've thought through what an ETF is and how it tracks the underlying, because we're trying to solve the problem of tracking the underlying. Unlike the futures contract, which sometimes doesn't track the underlying, they've thought through what is the security and what isn't, the.
Speaker B: Futures contract hardly ever tracks that. I mean, I just did the charts of the bitto ETF versus underlying bitcoin and it always underperforms because of the contango effect of renewing, of renewing the futures contracts.
Speaker D: How?
Speaker B: I mean, look, the Bloomberg analysts now give a 75% chance of a bitcoin ETF being approved this year and a 95% chance of a bitcoin ETF being approved next year. First of all, do you agree with them or do you think that they.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yes. Okay, fantastic. Now let's call a spade a spade. How big is ETF? Like, if we get a bitcoin ETF, how much buying pressure do you believe we get? I was researching the ETF market and I saw that the ETF market in the United States is about a $10 trillion market. So give or take $10 trillion, what percentage of that goes into bitcoin? If we get a bitcoin ETF? Is that how do, how best, how best to measure the potential of a bitcoin ETF?
Speaker D: This is a red herring for people. They get confused. They think ETF equals instant capital. There's thousands of ETF's and many of them have no capital. So what you actually need is an ETF and price action. If the price of bitcoin is going up. What we all know is every RAA has looked at this. Everybody has had a conversation around the dinner table. All of these pension funds have done some work on it, but they all want price to go up first, because if not, theyre like all of our friends who are sitting on the sidelines in cash waiting for it to confirm now. So lets say we get the confirmation in the next two months, whatever it is. I actually think it's going to be earlier. But what do I know? It doesn't really matter. But let's say my thesis is right, that by the back end of the year we're starting to think about maybe the Fed have gone too far, how they're going to reverse this? How do we think about that? How's crypto trading then? Bullish.
Speaker B: Okay, got it.
Speaker D: So if you're launching an ETF and bitcoin's at 40,000, you could probably get $10 billion into it for the launching an ETF and $10 billion.
Speaker B: Yeah, $10 billion is a serious number in a market where they have to buy spot because you have $10 billion of buying pressure in the market.
Speaker D: That's right. Now, if they launched it now, how much would it attract? Maybe a billion dollars, maybe a couple. Yeah. Who knows, right. Had they launched it in October, how much money would have attracted about zero. So you've got to have the mindset that people want it. And if those two things happen around the same time, oh, yeah, you'll see a ton of money coming in. But. So it's not a one off event. If it happened now, yes, crypto traders would trade it higher, but it's likely to actually fall back until actual demand. As you and I know, this space is suffering. The whole crypto economy is suffering from foreign direct investment. There's no new money coming in. We're just circulating the same old shit around and buying pepes and then dumping this and then buying this. There's no new money. So the moment we see the change of conditions, I mean, the Nasdaq's going to go to all time highs soon.
Speaker B: Yes. I mean, it's pretty.
Speaker D: So then people have got, then people are starting to make money and if they start making money, they start reinvesting money and the game begins.
Speaker B: I mean, I'm looking at the Nasdaq. The Nasdaq is, I'm just measuring it off. Its all time high, more or less. 7% away from all time high. That's what we're talking about, less. It's actually, yeah, about 7% away from all time high. That's, I mean, it's very, very close. And you say that once that happens, everybody's making money, and when everybody's making money, then thats actually more liquidity.
Speaker D: Dont forget Bran were 7% from the all time high and people are still pretty much record underway. Equities, I mean, this is bananas, right? So we know what that means. Its like they have a synthetic short position going to the end of the year. All of these people have to report to their investors at the end of the year and say, well, we didnt own equities all year and we had this massive rip roaring run. So what they do is they window dress and window dressing means they suddenly buy equities at the end of the year and say, yeah, we're long equities. We didn't have a great year. We got a few bets wrong. So you tend to get this panic effect into year ends, particularly in year ends like this. So if we're breaking the all time highs, it forces everybody to buy, and.
Speaker B: Then people get really interesting, and then people say, we missed the run in equities. But one thing that hasn't really run as much as we wanted to run is bitcoin. That's the asymmetric bet here. Maybe we should take a little bit of an allocation into a higher risk asset to try and chase the returns that we missed on equities. I think that's kind of the psyche that you get.
Speaker D: Exactly right. Exactly right. So money starts flowing through the system because it starts moving from one asset, looking for the catch up asset. If that starts growing, then if crypto starts moving, then it goes to alts. Then if alts start moving, it starts flowing to nfts. It's the same. It's always the same. It's always this flow of capital.
Speaker B: What about bonds? If you look at the ten year treasury yield rates been going up, I think it's mid four s, 4.24.3%. What happens to bonds? Is it time to maybe start nibbling on bonds as well, or. Not really?
Speaker D: So it probably is because I stopped myself out at the high good side, having been long bonds, long yields. And I thought I realized that it was time to sacrifice to the market gods my bond position that I'd had for a while, because I've been really lucky. I got a the net added to all my crypto bets all at the right time. But bonds, they were going against me. So I closed them out about a week ago, and I think it's pretty much nailed the high. So, yeah, feel free, everybody buy bonds. You'll probably make a fortune, because I'm now stopped out.
Speaker B: Reminds me of your. Sorry, I'm laughing, I shouldn't be laughing, but reminds me of your eth, your eth options positions from last year. I think we had you on the show, and I asked you the next time, how did they expired out the money or the calls expired out the money. I don't want to laugh at your loss, but I think that was your game.
Speaker D: That was a top tick. That was a top tick, too, right?
Speaker B: Yeah, that was a tough tick. I don't want to speak about something else. We had the Brics summit happen about a week ago. We had a whole lot of new countries being added to BriCS. That started a lot of talk of de dollarization again. And the fact that they may start a not competing, but another currency which may compete the dollar, or that they may start settling trades in other currencies. What do you think of BRICS? Is BRICs like a bunch of rebel nations who just weren't accepted into the g seven trying to find their own party? Or is brics now a real thing? And is it like a force to be reckoned with? And should the dollar actually be worried about something like that?
Speaker D: The dollar won't be worried. And the reason being is everybody is in debt in us dollars. They actually need dollars. The system does not survive. 85% of world trade is in dollars, 87%. And something like 70% of global debts are in dollars. So they don't have a choice. If they don't, if China stops trading in dollars, their entire economy will blow up overnight. So it's never going to happen. But they do want to get away from the US using the dollar as a weapon. So here we've got dichotomy. Yes, they want to get away from the US using it as a weapon, but they keep cutting off Iran and they cut off Russia, and they cut off whoever they feel like cutting off. So China's saying, listen, let's stop.
Speaker B: Oh, man, we're losing rail with his. With his Internet on the small Cayman islands. The Internet. He told me he just got a starlink. I wonder if the starlink's failing us here. Hash Starlink. Yeah, in the comments. Just hashtag Starlink. Let's see if we can get him back. Okay. He's restarting all editing. That's all good.
Speaker D: Sorry. My Internet.
Speaker B: No problem. Hashtag Starlink. Hashtag in the comments, guys. Hashtag. Hashtag Starlink, hashtag 200 megabytes. Hashtag small cayman. Hashtag elon.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.
Speaker D: So, yeah, I don't know. It seems patchy. There's nothing going on. It's a clear sky. But. So I think overall, the BrIcs is something, but it's not something big. It's something we've known about for ages. They've always tried to self organize, to be able to do stuff. They've been talking about this for a decade, and it's not really worth. And the reality is, however much they say they want to move away from the dollar, they can't.
Speaker B: They are talking about some transactions now being settled in other currencies, primarily oil transactions, I've heard. I don't remember which guest it was. But we had a guest on the show who said the majority of the trade in the world is actually done on oil. Oil is the oil that powers all the economies. And if they start trading oil in a different currency than that, if we abandon what he called the petrodollar, what's called the petrodollar, then that's a real threat to the g seven and a real score for Bricshe.
Speaker D: What is Saudi Arabia going to do with chinese yuan, apart from spend it on chinese goods? The world is more complicated than a lot of people have, you believe, and these narratives come from people who want the dollar to decline. The dollar is in a structural bull market and has been for quite some time now because of the global debts. But over time, we will see different things. Take a slice of the dollar market. I think they should be able to trade with each other in their own currencies, and they will do. I think also the rise of cryptocurrencies fits in with that. I think there's a bunch of things we talk about de dollarization on the other side. We see stable coins. The biggest application of crypto. That's allowing average people to get hold of dollars, right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: It's just a tokenized dollar, so nobody really wants to get rid of dollars.
Speaker B: I'm wondering. There's been a lot of good crypto news lately. There's been the PayPal US dollar, there's been the court cases that have been won. I'm just thinking of all the. There's been base, which I think, for me, Coinbase's base was one of the big catalysts for crypto. A layer two that doesn't run with a token, which makes it corporate America friendly. If Coca Cola or Starbucks want to play, and they don't want to be holding tokens on their books, like, base is a great place for them to play. Like, what are the. What's the news that excites you? Like, when you look at this, like, I know collectively it's all very exciting, but is there any news that stuck out for you where you say, wow, like, that's. That's. That's a big change. That's. Maybe people aren't realizing how much of a big change it is. Like, for me, this uni swap ruling is. I mean, it's huge. It may not be in the biggest of courts and stuff like that, but here's the court acknowledging DeFi and realizing that Defi is Defi. We've had the ETF rulings. For me, that's big. But I don't really get excited by paving the pathway for more money to come in. I want utility before we get money in. For me, utility is more important than flow of capital. Even though they aren't both important. I'd rather have more utility. When you look at the market now, what do you think is the most exciting thing that you've seen? What's the most exciting news that you've seen?
Speaker D: I think, look, I think we can all accept that the regulatory victories have been very exciting. We knew it was going to happen, but it just took time. Everyone had to go to court and have what they've said. And again, very smart people knew what they were doing and some bad actors got weeded out in that process as well. All good. I think it's very important what BlackRock have done, not for the ETF, not for the flows, but the message it sends to the entire financial industry. Again, I know a lot of these people, BlackRock have been involved in crypto for a while now because don't forget he talked about it in the last cycle. Apollo, massive, Goldman, JP Morgan, they're all there. But what we're doing is seeing them come to the surface and say this is a meaningful technology and we will not only before it's like we all use blockchain for stuff, they're now saying, well, we want to invest in it. We want to allow our clients to invest in it and we will build out on the infrastructure of it. So if you want the largest applications layer possible, it's that whole finance industry. There's like $1 quadrillion of derivatives. They can all go on chain. All the equity markets, everything can go on chain. You want a use case that dwarfs everything. It's the system of money and finance. The other side of the equation is, I think the use within corporations and that's on the cultural side. So giant brands, and we've seen Starbucks do it. We've interviewed on real vision, a team from Starbucks, from Adidas, from all sorts.
Speaker B: Of places, Nike, Dolce and Gabbana. I read one.
Speaker D: Yeah, but the people. So here's a question directly for you. Who's the biggest issuer of NFts in the world?
Speaker B: Nike or one of the sports brands? Starbucks.
Speaker D: Ticketmaster. Okay, already Ticketmaster already issued already.
Speaker B: Million FT. That's unbelievable.
Speaker D: 30 million nfts.
Speaker B: That's unbelievable because it makes sense that every ticket to every event is an NFT and your whole experience is housed in one NFT and you can send it from one wallet to another without duplications.
Speaker D: I don't think the tickets are NFTs yet, but what they do is every time you go to an event, they send to an NFT straight into your wallet because that Ticketmaster wallet is actually, it's actually a web three wallet. So it's genius as they're building a social graph and doing all of this. So I see it happening everywhere. All of the car companies are looking at this. I've got a business called Science Magic Studios I co founded that does exactly this. So my two big bets are finance industry comes into this. I set up an asset management business called exponential Age Asset Management, which is a fund of hedge funds that invests, that allows family offices, pension funds, everybody to get into the space. The other side is the big brands because that's all coming. That is how you get to a billion people.
Speaker B: We're hearing that every day. Listen, after speaking to Raoul today, I'm now brilliantly bullish. I was bullish when we started. Now I'm brilliantly bullish. Raoul, before I let you go, this is your moment to shine and to shill. We're big fans of real vision and what you guys are doing. There's actually a link below if you guys want to sign up. Tell me about what's happening at real vision. You were going to relaunch or revamp the offerings at some point. How are we going?
Speaker D: We are launching an entirely new platform. I mean, we've got embedded AI that describes content you can look up and search terms that explain like I'm five because I don't understand what this interview is about. So we've got AI, embedded pricing, charting, portfolio management tools, risk management tools. We have a whole new way of connecting all of our members, the tens of thousands of members around the world where they can see each other, find each other, create sub communities. All of that's coming and a whole lot more that launches to the first cohort, the first thousand people as we beat to test that, I think on the 7 September. So this is a whole new experience web three integrations, token gated content, a whole bunch of stuff.
Speaker B: So what can we do now? What can we do now? Can we sign up now? Can we get onto waiting lists?
Speaker D: Yeah, there's a waitlist. So if you go to realvision.com dot, it's a waitlist now. So you can't do anything, you can't join because we need to onboard all of our existing members. So there's nothing you can do. So the two things you can do is I'm starting a new YouTube channel as part of all of this, which is, if you search me on YouTube, it's called the journeyman.
Speaker B: There's a link below. There's a link below the journeyman. We've left a link below for you.
Speaker D: Yeah. So go there because that's where I'm going to be talking about finance, crypto and tech, because I think that altogether is one big mega trend and I'm going to go on a journey to take people through on that. So go and subscribe to that. It fully launches. I think it's end of this week, maybe tomorrow or Monday. So that's something free. Get your teeth into and then we'll let you know from there about what we're doing with real vision because there's a lot coming and it's. I think it's going to change the whole game of it.
Speaker B: I can't wait, man. So listen, follow the journeyman below. There's a. A link below, guys. Raoul, thank you so much, my friend. As I said, I was bullish. I think we're all, you know, everyone here in the chat is now brilliantly bullish. I'm not quite, you know what I'm going to do? I'm actually going to make the thumbnail. Rel is brilliantly bullish. That's what the thumbnail is going to be. That's what's going to be. Ral, listen, brother, sending you much love. I think next time we do this face to face at small Cayman, I'd love to come visit you. I'm definitely going to make a plan to come visit you and have some whiskeys with.
Speaker D: You're always welcome, my friend. I had to put up with Scott Melted, which was second best.
Speaker B: I'm sorry about that. I'm sorry about that. I'm really sorry about that. But yeah, Rel, thank you so much, my friend. Much love from me, much love from the banter, fam. Love having you on. And I mean on a Friday. To end the Friday. Brilliantly bullish, Rel. Thank you, my friend.
Speaker D: Have a fabulous weekend, everybody.
Speaker B: Good to see you guys.
Speaker C: What's up, revolutionaries? Thanks for tuning in. For more content like this, head over to realvision.com and get unfiltered access to the very best, brightest and biggest names in finance.
