Speaker A: Today's crypto daily briefing is sponsored by Origin Dollar. With inflation still over 6% and CeFi lending platforms going bankrupt, DeFi protocols that earn interest on stablecoins are once again back on crypto investors minds. Apys on Aave compound and curve are currently around 2%. By the time you pay gas to stake and unstake, it's a question of if it's even worth it for most people. If you want to earn yield on your stablecoins without needing to pay gas, check out Origin Protocol's Origin dollar. Stablecoin OUSD's average aPy over the past 30 days is 5%, twice the rate you get lending directly on blue chip protocols. The best part is the boosted yield isn't from leverage or extra risk, it's from extra collateral and is rigorously audited. This is because smart contracts on curve and other Dapps don't support rebasing. So their collateral is working for you. The way origin describes it, for every $1 of OUSD, there's more than $1 in DeFi working for you. Origin wants you to know the collateral earns yield through these dapps. The protocol routes rewards to your wallet on a daily basis. Do nothing on your OUSD balance grows daily. If you want to put your stablecoins to work, check out Origin dollars website. You can mint OUSD from the Dapp or swap your stablecoins for it on uniswap to start earning today. For those holding ETH, origin protocol is teasing the release of OEth, which does everything OUsD does. But for ether, it holds liquid staking derivatives to optimize yield. Follow along on origin Protocol's Twitter and Discord channels. Visit realvision.com origin dollar to learn more.
Speaker B: Welcome to real Vision Crypto Daily Briefing. I'm Ash Bennington. Today I'm joined by Lex Sokol and chief crypto economics officer at Consensus. Welcome to the show, Lex.
Speaker C: Hey, good to be here.
Speaker B: Boy, that's a great title. Tell us a little bit about what that means and what you do.
Speaker C: It's one of the more difficult questions, actually, we'll probably cover today. At the core of blockchain protocols functioning well is the concept of crypto economics. And that's a combination of figuring out, let's say, mechanisms for designing incentives so that people behave in certain ways, and you have game theoretical structures that make sure those behaviors happen. So, for example, the security within the bitcoin model or within ethereum, or the mechanisms for paying fees within ethereum. All of that is designed through let's say applied microeconomics. And then on the other hand, you're using crypto economics when you're thinking about building particular companies. So it's not like, oh, I want to make a really futuristic laundromat and make sure it's p and l is profitable, but rather, I want to build an economy on a protocol. Right. And so you're creating these macroeconomic experiments using mechanism design for how different people behave. And it's tricky. It's a new discipline. You know, you don't, you didn't used to have economists run experiments. That's not something they could do unless they worked at the Fed. But now, you know, anyone, anyone in this discipline actually does it. My role is to analyze different protocols, as well as to come up with token engineering models for the different projects that consensus works on, as well as to take substantive views on the state of the macroeconomy and figure out how the company should respond to that. Trey.
Speaker B: So let's talk about a lot of those things. The state of the macro economy, the state of the macro crypto economy, what's happening in the Ethereum ecosystem, which consensus, of course, has a special focus on, which has undergone a recent series of upgrades known as Shapela. Talk a little bit about where we are in terms of the upgrades to the Ethereum ecosystem and what the impact is on people who are users of that ecosystem.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think it's, for me, it's actually been really encouraging because crypto is very often filled with stories that people tell about how the future will be. In the future, we'll have lots of applications, and they're going to be very performant, and they're going to be fast, and they'll work really well and so on. There'll be all these use cases, and I think skeptics in our space often push on these things, like, is the protocol scalable? How many transactions can it handle? What's the security like? Is the security worth it? Is overclocking your graphics card and running server farms of miners? Is that worth the energy cost of what we get for it? And so Ethereum's been on a steady path to address all these different levels of pushback. So going from proof of work to proof of stake has addressed a lot of pushback from people who are ESG conscious or don't want mining to have an impact in terms of energy consumption. And so going to a model like proof of stake essentially removes 99.9% of all of the emissions that would be inherent in mining. I think one of the tricky things also in the strategy between protocols is that you have Ethereum, which is currently the largest networks in terms of decentralized applications and usage, and then you have many other blockchains that are trying to compete with it as a layer one. They're trying to compete with it as a market venue, as a place where computation happens, where attention goes, and their infrastructure often is very innovative. Proof of stake wasn't invented by Ethereum and it wasn't implemented by Ethereum. First it was implemented by other layer ones, but then over time, Ethereum was able to incorporate that into its own model. Now, the recent upgrade allowed unstaking, so the withdrawal of a stake. So you're committing capital into a box in order to provide security to the network, and then now you're able to withdraw the capital back out. Now there's kind of complexity of how you do that and the timing around it and the queue and so on. But the short of it is you're able to stake and unstake your capital, which for institutional investors, I mean, it's a but for requirement, right, to have liquidity from your investment and be able to take it out.
Speaker B: And that of course, was not always the case, as you suggest, pre Chappella, that was locked on beacon chain and there wasn't the ability for users of that network to then withdraw the stake.
Speaker C: Exactly. Yeah. So people were using derivatives, or wrap tokens, whatever you like to call them. And of course, derivatives have counterparty risk and so on.
Speaker B: Can you explain that, Lex? Because I think that confuses a lot of people. There are a lot of different terms in this space to describe the way that model works. LSD being one of them, liquid staking derivatives, obviously a little bit of a tongue in cheek name there, but give us just the big picture. 50,000 foot overview of what the options were pre chappella from the staking ecosystems around Ethereum and what they are today.
Speaker C: Sure, this can get very confusing quickly. So I think just getting a concept of collateralization or a derivative or even like a deposit account at a bank is important to get an intuition for that. So let's say you have one case in which you hold a sandwich, it's like in your hands, it's delicious, you can just go and bite that sandwich, it's in your custody. In another example, you don't have a sandwich. You gave the sandwich away to somebody else, but you have a receipt for that sandwich. And the receipt says, hey, you can come into our shop and get that sandwich anytime you like. And everybody's trading these receipts on the sandwiches because they're much easier to trade because they're pieces of paper and maybe they're digital pieces of paper, digital receipts and so on. So you have a liquid market of these receipts. And so the concept of these receipts, they're derivative of the underlying asset. In my silly example, a sandwich. In the case of staked eth, it's ethereum, right? You're putting ethereum into this box, and you're getting, in the case of a protocol like Lido, you're getting a token that represents your stake. It's the receipt, it's not the actual sandwich. And the receipt is tradable. So it's a liquid staking derivative. It's derived from the underlying ethereum that you've put into the box, and then it's liquid because you can take that receipt and go trade it with other people who have markets. Now the, the fun part, of course, is can you cash in, can you redeem your receipt? And the answers to that are weird and complicated. In some cases, yes. In some cases, no. There's smart contract risk, there's collateralization risk, there's regulatory risk, depending on how this stuff is set up. But I guess that's the short of it.
Speaker B: Well, let's talk more about that, because I think it really is a great metaphor. Whatever benefits a receipt may have in terms of liquidity, in terms of your ability to trade it, obviously you can't eat the receipt. And the challenge comes when you have 22 sandwiches and 35 receipts, when you have regulators who seize the receipts in some sort of enforcement action. I mean, there are a whole lot of things that can go wrong. Give us the menu of what some of those potential challenges could be in a staked system that is based on a collateralized contract being traded.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's a difficult question. First off, different services build different connectors in how they create the actual derivative. You can build it such that there is no mechanism that connects one price with the price of the other. It could just be you believe that the derivative is worth the same thing as the underlying asset, and maybe you trust that the markets are going to arbitrage the derivative such that the prices are going to be equivalent. But we saw a de pegging between ETH and staked eth during the, the whole liquidation cascade that happened, including FTX and so on.
Speaker B: So if you're following the sandwich metaphor, it means the sandwich is worth more than the receipt because you can't eat the receipt. And there's some risk of you not getting the sandwich back.
Speaker C: And the chance of not getting the sandwich can go up dramatically for all sorts of weird reasons. Somebody might hack the receipt printer and print to themselves a lot of receipts because they flash loaned it and they're really cool on Twitter. And then the SEC shows up in their house. And that's a real thing. That happened to mango markets hacker Abraham Eisenberg. Right.
Speaker B: Yeah, we covered it right here at real vision.
Speaker C: Exactly. Yeah. So you can break the smart contract, and alternately you can, for example, let's say you're relying on a centralized exchange to be the printer of the receipts. Let's say it's not coinbase but Kraken that has a staking program. Well, if Kraken designs its staking program in a way that's not just giving you access. There we go. I've got to help my kid for a second. I'll be right back.
Speaker B: All right. We'll be right back. Okay, we're back. Lex, we were talking a little bit about the theoretical construct for how to understand the way this works. We talked about it in terms of sandwiches, which I think is a brilliant metaphor that I may have to steal because it's just so good. But let's transition that to talk a little bit about where Ethereum is right now. In terms of the menu of options out there for users of the ecosystem, what are the options as you see it? What are the big buckets, the big categories that you divide the staking options into? Obviously, as we mentioned at the top of the show, staking absolutely critical because Erium is now a proof of stake system. So what are those menu of options out there in terms of users of the Ethereum ecosystem?
Speaker C: Yeah, absolutely. So you can go the derivative route, which is still probably from a user perspective, one of the easiest things to do in the metamask wallet. There's actually a way to do that in the portfolio app where you click through and you have a bunch of staking providers and you can just implement it. And for retail users that, let's say, don't have 32 ETH, which is one of the key requirements to be a more institutional participant, and this is built.
Speaker B: Into the protocol itself, it's important to point out the 32 Eth limit.
Speaker C: Yep, yep. Going the staking derivative route is easy and gives you exposure, although you do have the types of risks we talk about. If you want to be more involved and hands on, you can try to run your own validator, or you can try to get somebody to run validator infrastructure for you, for example, consensys has a staking platform that's provided to large institutions, and we run the software on their behalf, but everything is passed through. So it's not creating intermediary tokens, it's passed through on behalf of the institution. Or alternately, if you're technical enough to run your own validator and your own hardware, and you have the 32 eth minimum, then you can do it yourself.
Speaker B: Okay, let me ask you this. Talk a little bit about what's happening with Zkevm. Tell us what that is. I know this is something that's on your radar and that's important to you.
Speaker C: Yeah. So I started by saying that the protocols have been making these promises about the future, promises about scalability and how much software they can run and the use cases they can have. And one of the things that got solved is going from proof of work to proof of stake. Well, another thing that's being solved is transaction capacity as well as privacy. And this is in the creation of layer two networks. So layer two networks attach to layer one networks, and they're able to batch transactions and use the security of the underlying protocol to run software at the top. Right. So if you're frustrated in using Ethereum or some blockchain protocol because the gas fees are spiking when crypto cats are expensive, or I crypto punks are trading a lot, or there's some mint going on, in that case, you're really going to enjoy having a layer two where all these transactions take place. So ZK evms are a type of layer two that are zero knowledge proof. That's the ZK part. And that means they come with certain privacy guarantees. And then the second part is EVM, which means they use the Ethereum virtual machine. And so the software that's written for the Zkevm is the same as the one that's written for Ethereum. So applications don't need to do a lot of work or rewriting the software in order to function on this layer two blockchain.
Speaker B: So essentially it's native in the Ethereum protocol. And it's important to point out that the reason why these layer twos exist for people who may not be as technical is this is the so called scaling challenge, the speed of the transaction as well as the cost of the transaction often being very high on the layer one, building a layer two on top of it in an attempt to solve that challenge.
Speaker C: Exactly. Yeah. And the question is, which technology is going to win? Because we have a splintering right now of different attempts to create more transaction throughput for Ethereum.
Speaker B: Because all of this stuff, and this has been a big question, we've talked about it here a lot on the show. Two of the methodologies, or at least the broad categories that we talk about here very often, Lex, are optimistic rollups where the underlying supposition of the chain is considered to be valid unless challenged. And zk zero knowledge proofs, a structure that comes out of some of the work that Silvio McCalli did, I believe, in the 1980s at MIT, with essentially finding a method of proving that you know something without revealing what that thing is. One of the metaphors that we often hear about this would be like if you went to, you go to a bar and a bouncer asks you for your id. You don't actually have to show them your id that has your birth date on it and all of your dress and everything else. You can just prove via a challenge that you were in fact born before a certain date to prove that you were 21 as an example.
Speaker C: Exactly. And I think that the kind of issues of human dignity that are inherent to this, where the systems we have today in the world own all of our identity. So we go around the digital world putting our stuff in various lockers. We put our payment information, we put our search information, our search intent, we put our financial transactions into our banks and so on. And so I think bringing ZK technology into the web three world reinforces some of the promises that web three stands for, where today you can map a person to a pseudonymous address. And a lot of the stuff disintegrates in terms of privacy. Zkvms, they don't just give you the performance benefits, they don't just give you the compatibility with Ethereum, but they also, I think, provide people this counter to the web two narrative where others are custodying your assets or others are custodying your information.
Speaker B: Lex, that's so well said and so well explained. I also want to just open this conversation up to some of our viewers from questions I know we have, some that have already come in. Please put down your questions in the chat. Wherever you're watching, we'll ask the best ones on the air. Remember, real vision members take priority. But the good news is membership is, of course, free. That's real vision.com crypto. To sign up for free if you're watching on YouTube, please tweet this link out so we can get this out to as many people as we possibly can. We are, of course, committed to this conversation, remaining free on YouTube and on the platform. Of course you can always follow me at ashbennington on Twitter. And please give real vision a follow at realvision on Twitter. We have a question, our first one that comes into us from Chris Bullock, aka our friend blastofast here on real vision. He says, I have a question for Lex. I'm wondering if he has any insight on what's driving eth fees so high right now. I know we have meme coin mania going on, but I think there is more to it than that. Great question from blastopass. Any sense of what's driving eth gas fees so high?
Speaker C: That is a great question. I don't have an answer for you on that one. Yeah, so I'm not going to fib on it. I do think that we are seeing a little bit more activity from people in the last few months of the year of this year. So there was a real lull in terms of consumer usage towards the end of last year and the beginning of this year. But then starting in February, March, and thereafter, activity picked up. And we see that not just in transactions on chain, but in active users of metamask. And my hope is that it's the diversity of transactions that people can take now, rather than kind of one thing that's spiking. But I wouldn't be able to point exactly to what the reason is recently.
Speaker B: Interesting. So let's talk a little bit about a topic that I know is near and dear to your heart, and something I'm incredibly interested in as well, which is AI, artificial intelligence. I'm curious if you're thinking about AI broadly, and I know that you've written a fair amount about this, but specifically, uh, in terms of what is possible in the domain of crypto, this is a question that we get all the time. What are the potential use cases within the crypto ecosystem for AI?
Speaker C: Yeah, so this is going to be a little bit of an attempt to future cast, and, you know, it can be embarrassing to like, talk about AI and web three and the metaverse, and we've all deflated a lot of that hopium. But at the same time, there are some really specific things that LLMs, large language models, and generative AI have shown to make, to manufacture. And I think we're starting to get a much better sense for the type of thing that AI is that is being made. Right. It's this kind of cloud of human intelligence that's been automated. Right. It's not a machine intelligence, necessarily. It's all human intelligence that is now queryable and essentially infinite. That you can search and use. I think of the generative AI moment as the extreme of what web two is able to accomplish. So it's the logical conclusion of the web two thesis, which is that all content is infinite, all content is free. You have massive centralization to companies that own data, and those are the companies that are able to produce the AI's. And not a surprise that it's going to be Microsoft and Google. An interesting sort of aside is that Facebook released its model as open source. They're in spot number three. And so now the open source community is running both with large language models as well as image generation. And so the question is then, how does this extreme web two terminus interact with web three and its architecture? Web three is a limiter on web two, it creates economic architecture, it forces ownership on top of digital content, because web two does not have digital ownership and web three does all the questions about, okay, well, AI labor, is that worth something or is that worth nothing? Is it just going to be infinite production of digital goods, or are those going to be anchored and traded? So if you want provenance, for example, in AI generated goods, that's a fantastic use case for blockchain. Or for example, there's, now what does.
Speaker B: That mean, Lex, in terms of the provenance component?
Speaker C: Yeah. So people were complaining about nfts that you can, you can right click and save as the NFT that you have the JPEG. And the answer to that is, well, that's nice, but there's an original and then there is a copy, even if they're digital. So if I have the Mona Lisa and I take a really high definition picture, and then I 3d print that canvas and it looks exactly the same as the physical object, there's still an original, and the original has provenance and it has a history and everything that's happened to it actually happened to it and so on. And so it's important for its story rather than it's important because of how the object is. And so with digital goods, this is also the case. But now you have this problem in a more multidimensional way, where an artist might have their style reproduced by an artificial intelligence that's been trained on their style, so generates objects that are identical to the style of that artist, or maybe writing identical to the style of that artist, or music, right? And so having digital scarcity, having an NFT that says, okay, well, this was issued by the artist and this was issued by the hive overmind that was trained on the artist, that's a useful distinction to have. And it's the only way we can really have digital goods with, let's say, authorship.
Speaker B: Interesting.
Speaker C: Yeah, to anger.
Speaker B: So essentially, the blockchain becomes a mechanism for securing the digital scarcity and understanding the authenticity or provenance of a particular piece of digital content, because blockchains are very good at doing exactly this, securing, in a public and open source way, the provenance and validity of a particular piece of digital representation of value in some form or other.
Speaker C: Yeah, it could be. You could say that AI is creating a problem that blockchain has been solving.
Speaker B: So, by the way, over the weekend, I saw a piece that was written by Tyler Cowen talking about the risks of artificial intelligence and essentially asking the question of how do we know that anything is true if you have artificial intelligence that can generate with such a fair degree of veracity, the style, the structure, the potentially fake sources? And I think one potential solution to the challenge that Mister Cowan raises is the idea of blockchains being the source of truth for open source digital veracity and validity.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think it's a very clear and analogous point, because you think about a lot of the pushback before. It's like, well, why do we want, why do we care about news on chain? Why do we care about this? What's the cost savings? What's the revenue generation? And now it's like, we care because we don't want to be stuck in a gigantic machine vortex of misinformation. And the only way to make our way through the Internet without being completely lost is by having something that authenticates things. And then the question is, okay, well, who do we trust to authenticate things? Do we trust Elon Musk's blue Twitter checks to authenticate things? Do we trust the New York Times to do it? Or the us government? Or do we have some sort of open source solution that has market mechanisms? So I think it's an interesting direction.
Speaker B: And by the way, we should say, as we talk about this and try and begin to get our heads around what this world may in fact look like, one of the, I think, most frightening aspects of this is the rise of deepfakes, with now better artificial intelligence generating some of those generative images and the ability to know, yes, this, in fact, was a video that was taken, for example, of a speech that the president of the United States gave. We can actually see through a secure chain of custody based on the existing public key encryption infrastructure that this is. In fact, it was shot on May 8, 2023. And we know where it was because it's geostamped from a particular location at a particular time. The ability to do that blockchain seems to be uniquely well suited to solve all of those challenges.
Speaker C: Yeah, we were in the web two world. It didn't really matter who makes the thing. If I copy, I don't know, the Matrix and upload it to YouTube, it doesn't matter that I didn't have rights to the Matrix. You don't care, you're just enjoying that piece of content. But if it's the president's speech, it sort of does matter who makes it. And if I have an AI hallucinated that's as convincing to a human being as a real life shot, then it becomes a problem. And so you need a way to counter that. I think that's one direction is sort of like population scale problems. I think another direction is this concept of agents. So AI agents, and you'll see a lot of companies now trying to build things on top of the LLM that is tailored to an individual. What's your personal AI assistant that's trained on your content or your tastes and so on. And that becomes a really, what's your digital twin, basically. And then for me that becomes both really interesting and super dangerous because it's very convenient to have a digital version of you live your digital life. I think it's seductive, you know, how much time you can save and so on. But it's also really dangerous because that thing is such a breach of sort of your privacy and can put people in really bad situations if they're ever taken from you or used for a different purpose. Right? So it's worse than losing your passwords. It's losing not just your passwords, but losing the thing that's trained to behave as you with access to all your stuff.
Speaker B: That's a disconcerting framework to think about. And by the way, another thing that I. But thinking about AI is obviously there's the potential here to do automated checks of code to make sure that there are no security flaws. But then you start thinking about this and it probably becomes an AI arms race between the people who are attempting to secure, for example, the code base and people who are attempting to then find ways to breach it. So you're going through and you have these scans of the code base to look to see if there are some vulnerabilities in smart contracts, for example, in the way that something is written on an Ethereum smart contract in solidity or the language of your choosing. So it is a really interesting type of future that we're talking about here with all the security and privacy type aspects of this technology. Boy, I could have this conversation with you, Lex, for the next 4 hours, but unfortunately we're close to out of time. But I wanted to go to you and get final thoughts and key takeaways. We've covered a lot of ground here. What would you like to leave our listeners and our viewers with, Lex?
Speaker C: Yeah, we're in a really strange technological time and we're in a really weird economic time as well. And I think it's easy to get lost in the minutiae because there's so much change and there's also so much anxiety and stress. So for me, I've tried to attach to larger concepts that would make web three work, and I think that larger concept is web three. Is this space just a place for financial derivatives? Or is it a new emerging economy where people can come and build businesses, where they can contribute labor, and in their labor they can create digital objects and digital services and then take advantage of the economic and financial system that's much more modern and is available on web three. And so that requires us much less to pull in the legacy and the traditional systems. And so for that reason, I've just been focused a lot on, I guess, symptoms or evidence that shows that, yeah, there are communities that are building useful things, those useful things are new and they're new and helpful to other people. And that the communities persist despite the very difficult economic environment. Because we're going to have continued stress over the next year. Consumer discretionary spending is going to continue to be low. People's financial situations are going to continue to be difficult. Interest rates are going to stay high. So I think during this market, the companies and the projects that focus on building a native web three economy are much more likely to succeed than the projects that are trying to engineer financial outcomes and kind of play around with something more shallow. And so I'm hopeful that the people who are watching this are interested in the space that they want to build stuff and that they give it a shot.
Speaker B: Lex, a fabulous conversation. We'll definitely have you back on the show to continue. Thank you so much for joining us.
Speaker C: My pleasure. Thanks for having me.
Speaker B: That's it for today. Remember to sign up to real Vision Crypto. It's free. You can go to realvision.com forward slash Crypto. That's realvision.com Crypto to sign up there for free. Please join us again tomorrow. We'll have barney mannerings, co founder of Vega, joining us. See you at 09:00 a.m. pacific time, noon Eastern, or 05:00 p.m. if you're in London. Thanks again for watching. Have a great afternoon, everybody.
Speaker A: Today's episode of the real Vision Crypto Daily briefing is in partnership with Origin protocols. Origin Dollar put your stable coins to work in defi@realvision.com origin dollar.
