Speaker A: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this for the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what with each vendor. Ramp's software collects and verifies receipts instantly to save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments, time consuming tasks, which means youll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use Ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If youre a decision maker, adding Ramp could be one of the best decisions youve ever made. Get dollar 250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy ramp.com easy ramp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank and Celtic bank members of DIC. Terms and conditions apply.
Speaker B: Hello, and welcome back to Real Vision Crypto daily briefing. Here's why you should tune into today's episode. The EU has taken a major step towards crypto regulation will explain what it means and what it includes when it all kicks in, plus a deep dive into the world of cross chain networks. Andrew Cahill from the block will join us live to explain how they work and what lessons have been learned from various hacks. Hi, everybody. I'm Elaine Lee, your friendly crypto host and producer at Real Vision. Ash Bennington is back in the house. And hello to Ash's mom, who is watching. Ash, how are we doing today?
Speaker C: Doing great, Elaine, thanks. Welcome. Great to be back with you.
Speaker B: Excellent. Now, don't forget to subscribe to Real Visions Crypto, everyone. It's free. If you're watching on YouTube, smash the like button. Go ahead and subscribe and hit the notification bell so you don't miss it when we go live. All right, now let's jump straight into the latest price action. Looking at the charts today, it's a sea of red across the major cryptocurrencies. Bitcoin has once again dipped below the 19,000 mark. Now, last time that happened, that was in September. Now, according to Coinshares, digital asset investment products saw net outflows totaling $5 million last week after three consecutive weeks of net inflows. However, bitcoin saw a fourth consecutive week of net inflows. Ash, how is Ethereum looking?
Speaker D: Well.
Speaker C: And Coinshare shows data that unlike bitcoin, Ethereum saw minor net outflows last week in terms of the price. We're seeing similar moves for bitcoin and ethereum today. Ethereum is down trading below the $1300 level. There's also interesting data around stable coins. The market cap of USDC, the second largest stablecoin by market cap, which is issued by Circle Coindesk points out that USDC's market cap has fallen below the $50 billion mark for the first time since the collapse of terra. It's now at its lowest level since January, and USDC's big gains since may have all been erased. You can see it here on the chart of USDC versus tether on a year to date basis. Tether, of course, remains the largest stablecoin by market cap alone.
Speaker B: All right, thanks, Ash. Now, when talking about stable coins, many analysts speak of regulation in the same breath. And we've had some major developments on that front, which brings us to our top story today. Now the European Union is getting closer to a comprehensive crypto regulation. Lawmakers under Economic and Monetary affairs Committee voted 28 to one to approve the so called mica, the market in crypto assets, assets regulation on Monday. Ash, what is in this and what's the reaction been like?
Speaker C: Well, the major advantage of Mica is that it allows providers of wallets and other crypto services to market themselves across the entire European Union block. According to coindesk reporting, providers just need to register with national authorities, meet minimum guarantee standards intended to protect investors and maintain market stability. Coindesk further reports that european crypto industry has broadly welcomed these rules. There are some concerns over restrictions on stable coins as well as uncertainties about whether the rules will or will not apply to nfts, but generally the reaction from the industry has been broadly positive.
Speaker B: Elaine now, as a former European, I know that things move quite slowly. So when can we expect that to sort of kick in?
Speaker C: Yeah, it's a good point. The legislative process is not over in Europe. While it's widely expected the bill will become law, there are still a few stages left of the ratification. Now that MiCa has been approved on the committee level, the entire european parliament will vote on it. Coindesk reports is expected by the end of the year. That is, the vote is expected by the end of the year. Implementation remains a few years away with the final go live date projected at 2024. Elaine? So another two years or so.
Speaker B: All right, so look, we'll have a deep dive, more of a conversation, into regulation on Thursday with ARI Redboard. So make sure to tune in for that one. And I think I'm hosting on that one on Thursday as well. Now, like good global crypto citizens of the world, we head over to Asia. Now, Coinbase has announced that it has been granted, as in principle, approval from Singapore for a license as a major payments institution. Coinbase says that this will allow to offer regulated digital payment token products and services. Ashna, we've heard from Samuel Burke yesterday Dubai is competing to become a leading crypto hub. But it seems that Singapore is not going down without a fight. Is that how you see it?
Speaker C: Yeah, that's right, Elaine. According to the block, more than a dozen crypto firms are already operating inside Singapore, including Paxos, Crypto.com and DBS Vickers. Notably, Coinbase's rival Binance, pulled out of Singapore last year. Licensed firms are regular registered there and have to comply with specific requirements, anti money laundering and anti terrorist financing protections, to name just two. Also, the approval in principle is not, is not yet final. So there's more work ahead for Coinbase, Elaine, as always.
Speaker B: Now, the final news story that we're looking at today is the predicament of OKX coming out of in Russia. So the Seychelles based crypto exchange has been criticized for continuing to operate in Russia despite western sanctions. Now, its website has apparently been blocked by the state media monitoring service. Our very own Samuel Burke, who is also real vision's managing editor, is in Dubai for us, on the ground for the old blockchain summit, he asked Hyder Rafiq, global chief marketing officer at OKX, about the very situation.
Speaker E: Ok, taken some criticism for continuing to operate in Russia or with russian clients. Now, actually, in the past week, your site hasn't been operational there, according to reports, because of the russian government. What's the status there and what do you think will happen to. Well, look, I think philosophically we're not in the business of politics. We're in the business of financial access and mobility. It's not for us to decide which people in which part of the world get to access these things and not. I think we can all agree healthcare should be universal. Everyone should have access to good healthcare, everyone should have access to communications. You should be able to connect with your family, friends and peers. And then just in the same way, I think everyone should have financial access everywhere. So it's not for us to decide whether we block Russia or not. Now, in specifically the Russia case for us, our applications on Android and Apple app store are functional. People's funds are safe. I can tell you this, that we are working with the prosecutor's office, and we're trying to figure out what really happened, what led them to block our domain. We haven't received any notice, but what I can tell you is this week, our legal teams, our compliance teams, are working with the local russian authorities to try and figure out. We always try and work with the local governments. We take a very common sense approach, and we will continue to service customers in Russia. There's no sort of appetite for us to block them.
Speaker B: Look at our boy, Sam. You're rocking out his finest suit on the stage there. Ash, what do you make of this?
Speaker C: This, Elaine, I don't really know what to make of it, to be honest with you. Look, there's obviously an innumerable number of jurisdictions out there. Just as an example, if Mongolia or Guyana sanctioned a bank, and you asked me, Ash, what do you make of this? The answer would probably be like, I don't know. I don't have a clue. And yet, in the crypto space, when you see Russia, for example, sanctioning OKC, we're expected to have a take on it, because there is this global framework in which crypto exists, and that's the world that we live in, which is obviously incredibly globalized. But there is something on precisely this point that I did find interesting. This is coming out of OKX, and I want to read this quote for you. Quote, we do not recommend using a VPN when accessing OKX, as this will trigger our risk controls and can lead to a ban of our account. This is really an interesting point here. If you're not able to access exchanges via VPN, it really does, I think, in some ways, sort of cut down on the international access use case, at least at the exchange level, at least using current technologies. It's an interesting point, something people should bear in mind, particularly if they're interacting with exchanges in a jurisdiction where there is a potential sanctions issue. Elaine?
Speaker B: Yeah. Look, don't mess with the beast if you know it's not tamed. Right. Well, Ash, that's it for today's news. I'm going to hand it over to you for your interview with Andrew. And of course, I'll be back here with the key takeaways at the end. I'll see you soon. I'll see you both soon.
Speaker C: Thanks, Elaine. We're joined now by Andrew Cahill, research director for reports at the block. Welcome to the show, Andrew.
Speaker D: How you doing, Ash? Happy to be here.
Speaker C: Well, it's great to have you back, Andrew. Big report out from the block about an incredibly hot topic right now. Interoperability networks infrastructure for the multi chain future. That's the title of the report. Andrew, why this report and why now?
Speaker D: Yeah, you know, I think looking at the market, probably the biggest thing over the past year that happened, I think, was kind of in the layer one space. We wrote a report about it probably about a year and a half ago. Wherever I, we saw a bunch of different chains launching that really gained some material adoption. The world where all users and applications reside on one blockchain has gone away. At this point, it's pretty evident that there are going to be multiple blockchains, love it or hate it, but for the foreseeable future, that's going to be the state of the market. And we're going to need solutions that let people move value and information between these different networks in a pretty seamless way because it all comes back to user experience.
Speaker C: Andrew so I was reading through this report this morning. It's a thick report. I think it's over 65 pages long. We've done something really cool here on real vision for this show. You've picked five of the top graphics, five of the top charts. Walk us through those, and walk us through this report.
Speaker D: Sure. Yeah. So I think that the most logical starting point here is just to try and quantify this rise of these many blockchains. So if you look at this first graphic here, we plot out how around 2015, Ethereum was really the only kind of blockchain network that allowed you to do a bunch of different things so you could do payments on it, you can do exchanges, you can do lending. Recently, we've seen you can do nfts, but then theres been three separate waves of new chains launching. And with each one weve seen more and more traction. So this chart really just shows how, if you look at the native tokens of these networks, the aggregate value has just increased by a lot. So I think on the left side, this says about $60 million to the market cap of Ethereum in 2015. Now, if you look at all these platforms, its around 315 billion. And this is just does not include, we came on before and talked about layer two networks, and there's also a bunch of other layer one networks that have yet to launch. I don't know if you heard about Aptos and Sui, but there are two projects that were spun out of this Facebook DM project that have generated a lot of buzz and raised a lot of money. Preston. So I think the first point to make is that there are a lot of chains and there will probably be more blockchains. Yeah.
Speaker C: And just the past growth over a seven year time horizon, pretty significant. Adding hundreds of billions of dollars in total aggregate market capitalization or network value. It's been an impressive trajectory.
Speaker D: Absolutely. Yeah. Even if you look at prices today, where they're at, they're obviously down tremendously. But the amount of value that was created in this layer one space has really been pretty incredible.
Speaker C: Preston, let's move on to the next chart. Secular trends, more crypto assets. Walk us through what we're looking at right here. Andrew.
Speaker D: Yeah, so I think just kind of in tandem with that first part is that not only do you have more blockchains that have launched, and you also have more assets that are being issued on these blockchains. This chart provides a pretty simple comparison. The bars represent just the number of raw crypto assets that are tracked by Coinmarketcap.com, comma, its a data provider, and then the right access. That line chart shows the total crypto market cap. And the biggest takeaway is pretty much that bull or bear. Every year the number of crypto assets has gone up. 2022 is a good example because the markets been so terrible and weve seen them more than double the number of. And just to know these are fungible crypto assets. Right. So at the time of writing their report, there were also about 36 billion nfts was kind of the number that we had. So just a secular trend that you dont want to bet against is that not only are there going to be more chains, theres going to be more assets. And we dont even know what kind of assets could eventually be tokenized on these different chains.
Speaker C: Andrew, just looking at this chart with you here, a couple of striking points. First, that number in the upper right hand corner that you see 20,000 plus different types of crypto assets in 2022. If you look at the way those bars rise, that looks to me like an exponential curve increasing an increasing rate. You see that very clearly when you start out back in 2013 at 67 and marching up to 20,000 here. The other interesting point about this is the number of assets only rises. But of course, the total valuation of those assets, which I think is the pink line there on this chart, obviously declines. That's a reflection of what we see right now in crypto winter. Talk a little bit about that relationship between the number of assets versus market cap and what you get from this chart in terms of your takeaways.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think the biggest thing is that the one thing you don't want to bet against is more assets being launched. Someone's always going to have it could be an incredibly innovative invention that needs a token. It could be a project that doesn't need a token at all. But people are going to launch them and they're going to be on a bunch of different chains. And that's irrespective of what price is doing. I think obviously when prices are good, theres a lot more interest. In general. If you look at Defi metrics and what have you, all the numbers are up when prices are up. But this is one interesting data point where you can see in 2021, the crypto market cap we had here on 2.5 trillion down to around one, and weve still seen the number of assets on Coinmarketcap more than double.
Speaker C: Well, that really is in many ways the sort of perfect segue, the perfect thesis statement for why this report is important right now.
Speaker D: Absolutely. Yeah. So I think all this is coming to a head, and we're starting to see a lot of innovation at the base layer of the tech stack, right, where you have all these different chains that are actually trying to do different things. I think in the earlier days you saw a lot of copy paste jobs that were done somewhat sloppily, but now you're seeing these teams with significant venture backing and also token market floats that are material. If you have a liquid market cap of your token that's in the tens of billions of dollars, you have a lot more flexibility in terms of what you can do, in terms of incentivizing people to build on your chain or funding other infrastructure picks and shovels around the edges to get people on and off these platforms. And I guess the next starting point would be to kind of talk about, just to kind of get it over with, what the interoperability story would be, all the hacks that have taken place.
Speaker B: You're a podcast listener and this is a podcast ad. Reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from lips and ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements, or run a reproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience with lips and ads, go to lipson ads.com. now that's Libsyn ads.com dot.
Speaker C: Well, this is an incredibly important point, and let's just move on to that next chart here that illustrates precisely that point. Quantifying the tough lessons learned top blockchain bridge exploits. Obviously, this is about the security incidents we've seen in the space. Some eye bulging numbers in the rightmost column there. Andrew, walk us through it.
Speaker D: Yeah. So, as you see here, this is, you know, our number was that in about the past 18 months, we've seen over $2 billion worth of funds that were misappropriated is probably the right number. So these are funds that are at one point exploited. Some of them have been returned by hackers. Some of them have been instances where, like, a development organization or a financial backer has stepped in and pretty much made everyone whole.
Speaker C: Yeah, this is the sort of. These are two sort of two really interesting points that you make here. So that are really quite unique to this space, I would say. The first is the idea that people occasionally give these funds back. They receive something of a bug bounty, I guess, is the polite term for it, for sort of testing the network and finding the exploit. They return the funds. This is something that's, to me, fascinating about the ethos of the space. Nobody else gives money back when we see theft or exploits in the traditional financial world. And the second point that you bring up is also an interesting one, which is the idea that they're occasionally backstopped by venture capitalists who are attempting to support the value of the network. Tell us a little bit about both of those unusual crypto specific phenomena.
Speaker D: Yeah, so I think the first one with people returning the funds is just a very idiosyncratic thing. Right. It's going to depend on the nature of the hack. I think the biggest one was like, the poly network, where someone, it was literally one hacker who stole all $600 million and ended up returning it to the company with something like Nomad. We've kind of seen a similar phenomenon where that one's kind of interesting because that one there, they traced it to about, I think, 300 separate blockchain addresses that participated in that hack. So you've seen a fair amount of money flow back, I think, at the time. Right now, it's around like 35 million of that 190 that were stolen that have come back into the bridge. But it's kind of an interesting scenario because you have these trustless technologies. But then at the same time, when one of these things gets hacked, there is a legal entity somewhere that is going to work with a blockchain analysis firm to try and get this money back, and they're also going to contact law enforcement. There are a lot of different moving parts, and it's interesting to see that these white hats giving the money back has been such a big phenomenon.
Speaker C: Yeah, the white hat phenomenon is just a fascinating one, as you say, idiosyncratic, incredibly specific to this space. We should point out, I believe, the exploits listed in millions of dollars there is the total exploits at the time of the hack and not the total outstanding loss. Meaning, as you say, this idea that the white hats have given some of this money back, that number then can be smaller because of some of the returned funds.
Speaker D: Absolutely, yeah. If you look at something like the ronin exploits. So a couple of weeks after that happened, they announced a pretty big funding round. I think it was about $150 million to make people whole, but it was not really until about, I think, three months later, in June 28, that they actually returned the funds. And while on this chart, you see the initial exploit was around $600 million, because prices had gone down so much between the hack and then it was only about 200 million, $250 million that they had to return in terms of the native units of the actual currencies in question. So there's a lot of moving parts.
Speaker C: Talking of which, if you're. If you're following this, you're relatively new to this space and you're getting a little bit lost in the weeds trying to figure out the link between what we've been talking about to the security exploits. The idea here is that this is a significant challenge in this space, how to securely transfer assets across chain. As you can see here looking at this table, obviously some significant losses, hundreds of millions of dollars in bridge exploits. The idea is that this report is about the technologies intended to solve precisely this challenge.
Speaker D: Absolutely. Yeah. And I don't think we have a chart included here, but I encourage folks to read the report because we did before presenting this chart kind of lay out pretty much like five different security mechanisms that underpin all of these interoperability networks. So if you're trying to move information value from one blockchain to another, there are pretty much five different ways that that is operationalized which plays into these risks. If you look at these hacks, some of them you can trace back to this mechanism that was in place was pretty primitive and it was very centralized, and someone was able to exploit that. In other cases you've seen, which is more prominent, is that when the actual technology was deployed, there was a vulnerability in Ithoodae that was exploited. That's independent of those more fundamental security assumptions underpinning it. So there's a lot of audits going on to prevent that second instance, which I chatted about, but it is still one of those lingering unknowns.
Speaker C: Let's take a look at our next chart here. Sizing up the emerging cross chain economy. Cross chain transfer volume in millions of dollars per month. Give us a sense, obviously, these are some of the technologies that we're talking about here. What is it that we're looking at? What are the technologies involved, and why do you feel it's significant?
Speaker D: Sure.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: So this table just shows on a monthly basis how much money. So each of these networks connects several different blockchains to another. So in the report, we flagged that it was between five and 50. So something like IBC in here connects 50 individual blockchains, and the numbers in this column pretty much represent how much money, on a monthly basis was moving between all these different blockchains in aggregate. So it's like, how much? It's the size of the cross chain economy is how we phrased it. And I think the biggest takeaway that I had putting this data together was like, wow, these numbers are really big. If you look at.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: To precisely that point, when you scan down there to that last row, total YTD, these are expressed in millions of dollars. And when you see on IBC, the number 53,196, is that $53 billion?
Speaker D: Yeah. Yeah, that's correct. And there's also a couple other ones that are not listed here that we didn't have time series for. So among those are, like, multi chain poly network and connects, which I'd encourage people to read the report, to kind of see those figures, but they've also put up some. Some very large numbers.
Speaker C: The other thing that's just sort of eyeballing the chart that's interesting is that you see this actually pretty significant decline across the board from January through August. Is that related to a decrease in volume and also a decrease in valuation due to the crypto winter, obviously suppressed price period that we find ourselves in right now? Andrew?
Speaker D: Yeah, I think it's definitely somewhat market driven, and I think if there's one event to point to, it's probably the terra collapse. So if you look in this chart, like, after May, it really dropped off across all these different chains. So there was a lot of money moving back and forth involved with everything that happened around the terra ecosystem. But I think even looking back, the fact that the numbers are this high is really striking. People always think of bridging as a one off, of people moving money from one chain to another for one opportunity. But clearly, I mean, $10 billion is a lot of money to move across chain. Yeah.
Speaker C: And what this table shows you in the aggregate is when you're getting near the $100 billion mark back in the envelope numbers here, this is pretty significant. I mean, a 10th of a trillion dollars in value move in a twelve month period, or actually I should say an eight month period when we've seen declines in volume, declines in valuations. Pretty striking, isn't it?
Speaker D: Absolutely, yeah. I think it begs the question, looking at this is what happens on the native token side. A lot of these networks have yet to launch native tokens, so seeing how the economics of this could evolve could be pretty interesting, because you're starting with a pretty big pie. If your pie is $10 billion of volume, thats just like a very large revenue base that you can do a lot with a token. Its still very early and we havent seen a lot of these tokens launch. But thats another kind of aspect that comes into play with something like this, is that if people want to move money from chain a to chain b to do something, its probably a pretty inelastic demand, meaning that theyre going to pay whatever they need to get it done. And then when you think about if youre one of these networks and you're trying to cultivate a community, you have already a large base of organic adoption to work off of, which is something that can't be said for a lot of these other layer ones that have to build their own base of applications and users and all that good stuff.
Speaker C: Well said. Let's move on to the fifth and final chart that looks like a snapshot from the Webb space Telescope. What do we got here?
Speaker D: Yeah, sure. These are just two visualizations. On the left is a visualization of Axelar, and on the right is map of zones. And these were just kind of two things that we came across in our research that we thought it would be really interesting for the audience to poke around. I mean, I had a ton of fun looking at these kinds of things because you can really see the architecture of the networks, right? So if you look at the chain, the diagram on the right, for instance, with cosmos, you can see that some of these individual chains have emerged as kind of like hubs, where they have connections to a bunch of different chains in the space, whereas some of them kind of reside more at the fringes and are connected to all the other chains. Through a number of connections, you can really see how the network is constructed and you can also see all the different flows between the different chains, which for me was something that's really cool. Not only can seeing blockchain data on one chain is cool in and of itself, but then to look at something like, see, oh wow, here's all this value and information that's flowing between these two, all these different. In the case of Cosmos, it's about 50 in real time. It's just something that's really cool to look at and poke around.
Speaker C: Well, it's interesting what it really looks like, maybe even more than a space telescope photo. It looks like a network topology map. You've got a kind of many to many relationship on the right when you're looking at the cosmos map of zones, and on the left, and I think that's axilar, it looks more like a star topology where everything essentially is routed back to the central token or the central protocol. Talk a little bit about the difference between these two visual representations of Cosmos and Axelar.
Speaker D: Yeah, sure. So this is somewhat related to that initial security point that I flagged. So there are five different mechanisms that underpin these and based on that, kind of drives this topology. So with something like Axelar, who, just to note, they did commission this report with someone like them. They have their own independent blockchain. So all messages go in and out of that one blockchain, and it's backstopped by a similar proof of stake mechanism that you'd see on Ethereum. So post merge Ethereum, the security of that is very similar to what Axelar uses, where on the right, you see cosmos, all of these chains have more of peer to peer connections, and that's because the security underpinning these is like what we deemed internally verified. So the long and short of it is that the way these cosmos chains are architected, there is kind of like an out of the box solution for them to kind of sync up on a peer to peer basis, which is not the case with all these different chains that someone like an axelar is kind of connecting.
Speaker C: Yeah. So we've really dipped down here into the weeds, unpacked the meat of this report. For people who are watching this right now who may have gotten a little bit lost, give us the big picture overview. Your key takeaways from this report that you think folks in the space need to know.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think the biggest one would probably be security. I think that's an important consideration. All the headlines that have been made around interoperability have been very negative around exploits and what have you. But I think as the data in this Report showcases, there are some really secular trends in motion. Call it the number of blockchains, the number of crypto assets. And then when you pair that with something like $10 billion of money moving cross chain on a monthly basis, there is a certain trend in one way, and that trend is many blockchains existing and then needing solutions to transfer, like, to transfer money and information across them in a way that doesn't introduce a lot more risk. Right. And we've seen that many of the ways that it has been done historically have introduced a lot more risk.
Speaker C: Yes, indeed. Fascinating visuals, fascinating data, fascinating report. Andrew, this was fantastic. We've got to have you back again. You guys at the block have lots of reports at real vision. We've got lots of shows. We got to do this more often.
Speaker D: Awesome. Yeah. Love coming on, and we're happy. Yeah, we're working on a bunch of other stuff, so, yeah, let's bring Elaine.
Speaker C: Lee back into the conversation. Elaine.
Speaker B: Ash, that was. That was top notch, geeky, freaky stuff. But you know what? Thank God we have the best team out here to break it all down for you. Our boy Marco is in the back to pop bluff and drop all these key points from the interview that we just heard and, well, look, this is what we've picked up. So a multi chain world. This, the first is the idea of a multi chain world. As Andrew said, in 2015, it was only ethereum. But since then, there's been three waves of different chains launching. Adding to that, the total crypto market cap is growing. Bull or bear? Crypto markets have gone up. And you say, so it's clear we're moving to multiple chains, whether you love it or you hate it. And this is the most important because the blockchain economy that we're building will require many chains to scale and deliver the best experiences for users. Fingers crossed on that one. Now, moving on to cross chain risk, we talk about.
Speaker C: Let me just say real quick, Elaine, when you say, when you say bullet, bear crypto markets have gone up. You were talking about the number of total tokens. Obviously, the valuations have collapsed. We're off about 70% here, year to date or, excuse me, from. From November 21 high. From the peaks in bitcoin or thereabouts right now, obviously, we've seen significant price declines. We're talking about the rise in the number of tokens.
Speaker B: Wicked stuff there, Ash. Okay, now picking up. Going back to cross chain risk. The next. The next is cross chain risk. That's the risk when transferring value and information from one blockchain to another. Now, Andrew walked us through recent bridge exploits, which in the past 18 months has resulted in over $2 billion loss. Now, Andrew also talked about this interesting phenomenon only in crypto. White hat hackers, where hackers return funds, as you mentioned, as well, Ash and the bug bounties and where he mentions bug bounties and backstopping by VC's and the five main courses of security issues. And that brings us to the final key takeaway, cross chain economy and interoperability protocols. Andrew highlighted just how huge the cross chain economy truly is. We're talking in the tens of billions. The IBC chain alone had 53 billion, and this is including the effects of the terror collapse. Can you imagine how high the numbers would be without that? This is where we're headed. And looking at those visualization of Alexa scan and map of zero zones, the connection between these networks is massive, further confirming the importance of cross chain interoperability protocols as a critical infrastructure for this brave new world. Again, great conversation, guys. Those are the key takeaways. Did we miss anything?
Speaker C: I think you nailed it all.
Speaker B: We try. Now, moving on to the final segment of the show, I hope the daily disco discord has some viewer questions. Do we have any questions? Hold on. Just waiting for my producers to see if they're going to tell me if we have any questions.
Speaker C: Right now, the audience is cogitating and stewing on all of this great data from the report.
Speaker B: That was a lot right there. Well, I think there's no view questions for today. Boo to that. But that's it for today. And thank you, guys. So for the ones who are watching, forget to subscribe. Rv crypto is absolutely free. Those of you watching on YouTube, smash everything. Go ahead and hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button. Hit the bell. Tomorrow we have Mona El Isa from avant garde to talk all things defi. Join us tomorrow at 12:00 p.m. eastern. That's 09:00 a.m. on the west coast, 05:00 p.m. in London and midnight in Hong Kong, live on real vision crypto daily briefing. We'll see you again same time tomorrow. That's.
