Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling wherever you sell. With Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your dollar one per month trial period@shopify.com. tech all lowercase. That's Shopify.com tech.
Speaker B: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance. Join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten to get 10% off our central membership for the first year. And now to today's episode.
Speaker C: Hey everyone. You've now heard me bleat endlessly on about nfts. For the last couple of years, I've put out Twitter threads, video content. I've interviewed some of the most amazing people in space, the thinkers. I've brought everybody together so we can all understand this kind of revolution that's going on. It's a cultural, technological, and a community and business model revolution. I think it's super fascinating and I urge you to all be part of it. It's something new, it's something exciting and something we can all learn. And what we want to do at real vision, how we want to play our part, is by creating a super community of communities, the real vision collective. And the idea here is to create our own network state of all of the groups within web three. Now whether that's famous artists like Beeple over there, or whether it's punks or bored apes, or whether it's mfers, or world of women, or women and weapons, or artists like Damien Hirst, or even rec guys, all of these people have a different community. Many of them overlap, but we're scattered around the Internet with different places to talk to each other, different discord channels, and it's a really unconnected world. But the truth is, we're all in this together. The we are going to make it idea is really true in web three. It is a non tribal space where we all want to work together, help each other. It is something magical, something really cultural and interesting. And it just feels like if we could just build one place for everybody where they can get together, still have your communities do all your normal stuff, but a place where we can grow together, live together, share together, share ideas, learnings, network and connect with each other and have fun together. Okay. That's something really interesting, and that's what the real vision collective is all about. So I'm going to give you some details now, just so you can understand how to get involved and what we're trying to do here. So the real vision collective is essentially an NFT membership pass to the real vision collective. That will give you all sorts of utility and benefits. So it's not just a picture and a piece of art. There's plenty of those, and that's good. But really what you've got is this. Firstly, you get the art, and that's a mashup between MF's x copy. One of the most famous artists in the space, Damien Hirst, who gave us personal rights to use his artwork for this project, Rex Guy, 6529, the memes me bits, world of women, women and weapons, and ying Kore. So these are the first three NFTs, and they're mashups. And the mashups is to show we're combining the communities and we're all in this together. So if you see this incredible artwork, here's the three pieces of art. The first one, the mashup of the Mfers x copy, and Damien Hirst. The second, 6529, me bits and rect guy, and thirdly, world of women, women and weapons, and ying kore. So I think they're really, really cool. Some of these are going to have rarity traits, so they'll be special. And so some of them also will have prizes attached to them. You won't know until after you mint. There's $400,000 of prizes that we're giving out as well. So there's a crazy amount of value within this. The artwork's cool. It represents we're all in this together, and we're combining all these communities. But there's a lot more than that. There's basically about 10,969 for sale. A bunch of these get held back for real. Vision pro crypto Genesis holders. If you are a genesis holder, just go and mint this thing. It's valuable, and I really urge you to do it. I know many of you are not that familiar with nfts yet, so go to the discord if you see the link below. The link below is the site that shows you all the minting details, all of the full details. You can find out how to claim your NFT and your discounts on your NFT if you're a progenesis holder, or also if you're a real vision member. But this is open to all of these communities. And there's a big allow list that allows you to use your NFT to get access to the allow list and mint this. So do that. Do it fast cause it's selling out pretty quickly. The allow lists are filling up, but we want as many people as possible into this because the more of us in it, the more network effects there are for all of us and the more value we will get out of being part of this community. But talking of value, what else do you get for this? It's pretty groundbreaking in terms of utility. There's not a lot of utility in the space generally, but because real vision is a broader business with a much larger community and much larger features and benefits, we can include some of those too. So you're going to get a, obviously the usual token gated discord. You can join the discord now if you want. Again, it's on the same page that realvision.com collective. There's also going to be a unique use of telegram. We're going to create this amazing bulletin board where all the communities can share in a curated manner. A bulletin board so we can all not miss stuff, make announcements to each other of what's going on. But there also is going to be sub communities so you can chat with different people and connect lots of stuff. A lot of the real vision content will be posted there so you know when to find it. When it's coming out in this busy world, this would be your one source of okay, this is what I need to know. In my web three world there's also token gated content. So many people are familiar with subscription content. This is token gated. So as long as you've got the real vision token, you get this incredible content experience which is unique content, different shows, a lot of them alive. And then we're going to build out sub community content. So if you're Mfers, for example a world of women, then you can use our facilities and our channels to have your own shows. So that allows everybody to build their own experiences on top of the real vision experience. That's what create network effects. Gives us one place where we can either token get our own community or invite others in. And I think that's important. We will also have monthly AMa's and onboarding. We'll probably start weekly in the beginning just to help people understand what they need to do, what they can do, the benefits, how they can connect, how they can use the discord, how they can use the telegram, what they can do with their NFT, all of that kind of stuff. So we will do that all the time, frequently to help you out. Also, we've got community managers in discord. We'll be in telegram. They're there to help and guide you through any of the processes. We'll also do monthly AMA's around education to help educate you, what's going on in the space, what's moving, how things are working, and answer your questions. You get a real chance to ask the question that's been on your mind and remember all of a set to start somewhere. So if you're just starting this journey, this is the place for you, because we're all here to help each other and that's really important for us. We'll also have some in real life events as well, probably around other NFT events. So if you're there, there'll be drinks laid on by us, some nibbles, and we can all get together in person at various events around the world. So I think that's going to be fun. We'll also end up with metaverse events. We've been building experiences in VATM and om. We'll be doing that also. I mean, there's a lot more to come out of this. And again, I urge you to look at the landing page because giving away with your NFT is a free subscription to real vision essential, which is worth what? Dollar 500 over five years? You're also going to get free content from pro crypto, our exclusive research service. And that's an expensive three and a half, $1000 service. And you'll get some of that content as well to really help you in your journey, help you understand what's going on, how crypto markets are moving, where macro fits in with this, the real vision essential membership helps you with the macro side. That's really important. I think we've all learned that macro drives crypto, certainly in the cyclical elements, and that's your way of getting up to speed to know what's moving your bags. And I think that's going to be really important. Obviously, we'll have future drops of future incentives. There's incentives, you can just buy one of these and you've got a membership and it's a lifetime membership. You can sell it if you don't want it over time, if you don't find it's beneficial or you've moved out of the space. But if you collect various parts of this, there's going to be enormous amount more prizes to come. And different communities that form from elite collectors, whether that's rarity traits, the different seasons there should be three seasons of these. This is just the first season, the first nine artists together. So you can collect different types, different rarity traits, including the real vision pro, crypto, genesis, NFT. And that's going to unlock a whole bunch of more features and benefits. So if you're an avid collector, go for it. Lots of things for you. If you just want access to the community, you just need to buy one of these NFTs. We'll also do another couple of things like digital id addresses. We're doing something special there. We've got special videos. I'm trying to read out through the list here. We've got a merch store coming. We'll have some free merch as well. We're building a unique magazine experience. I think some of you have seen that on Twitter. If not, go to the Twitter profile for the rv collective at the top and you can see the magazine. Then once this starts minting, then you can choose. You won't know which one of these three initial pieces of art you get, but you might want the world of women as opposed to the Mfers. So you can go and open seal wherever, trade it for the one you want, or try and find the ones with the rarity traits to set yourself up as the avid collectors. And what that's going to unlock for you. We've also got a, as I said, metaverse experience is coming. We're starting to form think about sub communities, how we can invest together, how we can do other things together. We also have the trading league, you'll get access to that. And that's a global competition we've got running with real vision members who are running portfolios. We might do one for nfts as well. So if you're a dgen and you like flipping nfts, maybe there's going to be a group where you can flex how good you are at doing it. It's all on chain. And who knows? If you become truly great at this and prove it, maybe you attract capital as well. And so maybe this is the start of a whole new enterprise for you. Also, we have a lot of partners here as well. The partners are really important to us. We're not only partnering with the artists and their communities, but we're also partnering with people like Ledger who share our mission, and ledger will have their sub communities within the real vision collective. Same for people like rug radio, good friends of ours, overpriced jpegs, good friends. We're all in this together. We might be doing certain elements of media together and other community actions. But really, we're all good friends and we want to help grow each other's communities in this cohesive way. So if you're a rug radio token holder, not only can you get on the allow list, but if you don't want to, you'll still get some of our benefits in the real vision community. And some of the real vision community holders will get benefits. In rug radio, we want to all work together to show how we think community is really the future of everything. So rug radio overpriced jpegs impact theory sees the Me bits, sees the meeps, and there's a whole bunch of others, again, all on the list of who we want to work with. Ledger's involved, but this is just the start. By season two, there's going to be another nine artists, and those communities are coming together and more partners and more unlocks, more opportunities, more gifts. And just as we broaden out and deepen out the community, we can offer more and more value to the community itself to drive network value. So we all benefit from being part of this. We're also looking at some tools as well to see how we can help you navigate this space. There's a lot to learn here, and don't be put off by how complex it is. These terms like allow list and minting allow list means, hey, can I get a ticket for your event or your membership? And minting means, okay, I'm gonna pay you for it now and then I'm gonna get it. It's as simple as that. You need to collect a wallet. We will do a live AMA in how to do this as well, just to help anybody doing it. We'll do it on YouTube and we'll do it probably Twitter spaces and we'll also do it on real vision itself just to help you get across the line, figure out what you need to do. But there's a lot coming from here. It's a really exciting project. It's going to give us a place where we can all thrive in web three together and grow something out much, much bigger. We want to help the communities. We're buying the tokens. Any NFT that features as artwork gets bought into our vault. And the real vision vault is going to be something special. Will have its own gallery in 6529 Om and we'll probably partner with Ledger for that vault itself because Ledger is the safe place to secure our assets and we're good friends with those guys too. Anyway, there's a lot to come. Go and read the landing page the magazine is also helpful as well, so you might enjoy that, but there's not much time. The allow list is filling up fast. You need to be on the allow list to be able to buy your NFT. If not, you have to go to the secondary market, and I don't know what prices will do. So get on the list and get minting. It's pretty urgent. As I said, it's filling up stupid fast because of obviously all of the amazing people who are involved in this and these incredible communities, the artwork and everything else. And I'd love to see you as part of the real vision community, as part of this bigger web three community, the super communities of communities, the real vision collective. Thank you.
