Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling wherever you sell. With Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps, and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your dollar one per month trial period@shopify.com. tech all lowercase. That's Shopify.com tech. Hey visionaries. Today's episode is brought to you by Polkadot, a leading layer zero blockchain with over 2000 developers. It's a network protocol that allows arbitrary data, not just tokens, to be transferred across blockchains. Listen to what Polkadot creator Gavin Wood tells Raoul about Polkadot's coming jam chain, short for join accumulate machine.
Speaker B: So what we're doing is we're turning what used to be the Polkadot relay chain built for a very specific purpose, to secure and relay messages between separate blockchain ecosystems. And we're turning that into something much more akin to this world computer, this ubiquitous multi core, singleton virtual machine.
Speaker A: Learn more and join the community now by going to realvision.com polkadot.
Speaker C: Hi, everyone. I'm Raoul Pal, and welcome to my show the Journeyman, where I travel on a journey to the nexus of crypto, macro and the exponential age of technology. Now, a lot of my recent videos have been on crypto, but we've obviously just had Rick Rieder macro, and you'll have a whole selection as we go, as I try and shuffle you all along, these convergent narratives. Because if it wasn't for the macro, the crypto world would never have happened. Satoshi would never have written a white paper. If it wasn't for blockchain technology, which forms part of the exponential age thesis, it would be incomplete. But that thesis, the AI thesis, and what is happening in robotics and how robots and AI together replace humans in the workforce comes into the macro picture and how that changes and why. I think we get to this idea of an economic singularity where we don't really understand how economies work anymore because they're usually anchored by that magic formula, population growth plus productivity growth plus debt growth. Well, the debt growth bit stopped. The population growth has been shrinking across the world. Now, when you add AI and robots, it can scale infinitely over time. So what does that mean for GDP? What does it mean for businesses? A lot of this I will discuss more and more on this channel. But blockchain and crypto is really at the core of how I see the opportunity set. As I've said, it's the biggest macro bet of all time. And I am a multi chain person. I believe in a world where many people are building incredible technologies on top of the Internet and on top of Satoshi's original white paper and blockchain technology. And it's going to solve different use cases. You see, there is a lot of nuance and change between the different protocols and those allow different use cases for different industries. And that's what really excites me. When I first saw crypto or bitcoin back in 2012, I started thinking, we can build the financial system on top of this. But my vision has become much bigger than that now. When we started to realize that every contract, once smart contracts came out with Ethereum, we realized that we could do a lot more with this. In fact, this was the whole value layer of the Internet. It's like this immutable layer of this massive distributed database that can be used for so many things. And that's really, really powerful stuff. Now, obviously I try and take you on that journey here on the journeyman, and make sure please, that you subscribe to the channel, turn on your notifications so you don't miss out on this journey. It's a really important journey. I'm doing it for me and I'm doing it for you, so make sure you subscribe. Additionally, obviously there's a lot more of this conversation that goes on in real vision. So once you've subscribed to this channel, I just urge you to go across the realvision.com, the links below realvision.com comma. You'll have a whole world, the platform that gives you the knowledge, the tools and the network to help you succeed in this journey, to allow you not to fuck this up. So realvision.com, really important place to go because there's a lot of crypto content, macro content, technology content, and there's an incredibly vibrant community in over a hundred countries around the world with regional group chats, meetups, all sorts going on. Incredible new trade idea templates are coming, so everyone's sharing ideas with each other a lot there. Plus AI obviously as well. Anyway, so realvision.com comma, do that, subscribe to the channel and let's get on with this week's interview. This is a special one because this is with a real og of this space, Gavin Woods. Gavin needs very little introduction. We'll get his story, and his story is an incredible one. But also Gavin's a great thinker. He's a great technologist. And he sees the opportunity set to evolve this space even further. He's been at the forefront of evolution in this space over the years with Ethereum, then Polkadot, and now where he's going on this journey, too. So anyway, enjoy this interview with Gavin from Polkadot. Join me, Raoul Pell, as I go on a journey of discovery through the macro, crypto and exponential age landscapes in the journeyman. I talk to the smartest people in the world so we can all become smarter together. Gavin, fantastic to see you on real vision.
Speaker B: Thanks. Nice to be here, rol.
Speaker C: Look, there's a lot I want to talk to you about, but for those people who don't know you, and you've probably done this a thousand times, but your story of your journey to where you are today is a hell of a story. So if you don't mind going back in time and giving us the story.
Speaker B: Right, where do you want me to begin? Where are we talking from?
Speaker C: I think before Ethereum. How the hell you got into this in the first place? Because that's always, I find it really interesting. What is the. There's always some little hook that gets people in, and then before you know it, they go so far down the rabbit hole. Let's start with that.
Speaker B: Well, I was always pretty interested in economics and game theory. I studied computer science at university. But my first bitcoin glimpse into the world, I guess, was in 2013 when I was reading an article about Amir Taki. This bitcoin is a coder for one of the bitcoin projects and a sort of self confessed cypherpunk and a crypto anarchist. And he seemed like a bit of a, you know, a very bright light, let's say. And I figured it would be quite fun to sort of meet up with him and get his take on the world. And I was sort of interested in contributing a bit to the bitcoin project. I wrote an email, just called, what.
Speaker C: Kind of year was this?
Speaker B: This is like, must be February, March 2013, right? And I. Yeah, I just wrote. I wrote him an email and he replied. And I met up with him in London at a squat. First time I've been to a squat. And he introduced me to a couple of other, well, several other bitcoin people. Initially introduced me to Mi Alicia and his girlfriend, Roxanna, who sort of opened this door, and they were there on the mattress of a bed, and she was just sort of plugged on the floor in an office. I mean, this squat was like an office building. And I was a bit, like, surprised to be introduced to someone in bed. We said hello and we moved on. But with me, I would later become a co founder of me with Ethereum. So it was a bit of an odd, an odd first meeting. But then he introduced me to a couple of other people, a couple of sort of bitcoin men about town in London who were into bitcoin cash points. That was bitcoin ATM sort of thing back then. And through them I kept in touch and ended up meeting Vitalik through them. And that led, at the end of 2013, to be reading the Ethereum, the initial Ethereum proposal, in the hind italics, white paper and starting to code it.
Speaker C: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker B: Hi, you.
Speaker C: Hey. Listen, if you're enjoying this, come and see me on the YouTube channel. Raoul, pal, the journeyman. Sign up there. Get everything I ever do. See you there. Whoa. Landing an account this big will totally change my landscaping business. It's going to mean hiring more guys and more equipment and new trucks for the new guys to drive the new equipment in. I don't know if I'm ready.
Speaker A: You can do this, and Ford Pro finsimple can help. Our experts are ready to make growing pains less painful for your business with flexible financing solutions that meet the needs of your business today when you need them. Get started@fordpro.com. financing.
Speaker C: What interested you in Ethereum? When you first saw the white paper and you started speaking to Vitalik, what was the breakthrough moment? You thought, actually, this is maybe even more interesting to you at that point than bitcoin was for you, because you could have stayed in that ecosystem, but you changed?
Speaker B: Raoul well, I could. At the end of the day, I think when you're building stuff, you look for where you're going to be most valuable. And there was already bitcoin team and a bitcoin client and a bitcoin community and a bit it was already embodied. Ethereum didn't look and isn't indeed a sort of just a copy of bitcoin. It's right. It was trying to really legitimately push the envelope further, and it didn't have anyone who was building it. And I knew that I could just as well build something that had not yet been built as I could sort of chip away on building, maybe adding a little bit more to something that was already built. And so at the time, I just probably still be in this position. I felt that my expertise and value that I could add was much greater, helping to build something new.
Speaker C: Were you surprised at how successful it was? Or did you always think this was the next big breakthrough? Because there was a lot of other blockchains coming around at the time. It was the first wave of new blockchains. Did it take you by surprise?
Speaker B: I don't think I would have committed to it quite so strongly if I had been truly surprised. You never really know, Raoul, for sure. There's an awful lot of factors beyond whether something is. Is a bit better or even significantly better, whether it adds particular features and so forth. But I had an inkling, and the thing that really gave me that inkling was visiting a few of the meeting some of the other co founders in Miami in January 2014, and also seeing the bitcoin community up close and personal for the first time. Like going to this mad Texas. What was it? I can't remember now. Like, the Florida bitcoin event. It was in Miami, and it was a big event, right? It was. It was one of these sort of, you know, conferences that has quite a lot of parties attached. So it was. It was billed to me as a hackathon. Vitalik was like, join us for a hackathon in Miami. We'll get this all coded. So I was, like, flying out to Miami expecting just to be sort of coding with their team or other coders for a week. And then it just turned out to be a party house. And I was the only. I was only on there coding. Like, I was. Yes. I mean, it was fine. It was fun, but it gave me an inkling of, you know, the excitement. And I could see that the other projects, I mean, at the time, I don't know if you remember, you know, where you were back then, but, like, master Coin was. Was sort of the hot thing. It was like, it's bitcoin, but you can do financial instruments on it, too. And then there was sort of counterparty, which was like the master coin fork. And it was clear to me that there was a little bit of proof of state, right? There was NXT, which was this proof of stake version of bitcoin. And it was clear to me that Ethereum had quite a lot more to offer than these other blockchains that were just starting to launch. And so I. That coupled with the excitement, and I could see that some of the other co founders were forces, forces of nature. And I figured, this has really a big chance of becoming really very big.
Speaker C: So what made you decide to start your own chain? And Polkadot, I remember hearing about. I've been in the space since I don't know, 2012 13. And it was somebody presented, I think, well before you'd launched, they were presenting at one of my roundtables about Polka Dot. I'm like, what the fuck is interoperability? I didn't understand any of it. I said, this sounds great. They're like, no, this is really important. I'm like, I have no idea what you're talking about. Talk me through the story of starting Polkadot. What was the idea in your head? And we'll talk about that journey and where you've been right, where you've been wrong and where you're going.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, in some sense, Polkadot was an effort to contribute further into the space, technically. Now, Polkadot came to me as I was imagining what an ethereum to might look like, what a successor to Ethereum might look like. And it always been in my head that it probably was going to be this sort of multi chain thing where there are many different chains. But up until I had the idea, let's say Polkadot became a sort of solidified idea. I was assuming that each of those chains were going to just do the same thing. They'd all be like EVM chains. It'll be like Ethereum one chains. And then you would just have a sort of what Ethereum guys called the beacon chain, what Polkadot people call the relay chain. You'd have a sort of a sort of top chain that each of these things were wired into and that made sure they were each doing the right thing. And, and then it sort of came to me, well, maybe they don't all need to do the same thing. Maybe it's simpler even if they don't, are not all doing the same thing, they just do different things. They're different chains, domain specific chains, app chains, one of the terms in common use now, but they have the shared security, so they can interact interoperate easily. So interoperability in this sense, and it's used in a couple of different senses, so there is some confusion there. But in this sense, what I meant by interoperate was really just interact, interact securely. So basically secured under the same umbrella, under the same guarantees, and yet still able to have causal, direct causal interactions. Now, yeah, there are definitely some lessons have been learned along the way there. The other day, an experiment, we didn't know how useful it would be to have this level of interoperability compared to Ethereum's asynchronous composable interoperability, where you've got contracts that can actually sort of call into each other and get a response immediately. But, you know, I mean, I think if we're looking for a starting point of Polkadot, that's where it was like a bunch of different chains under the same security, but domain specific doing their own thing.
Speaker C: And that was actually quite early in people understanding that it was going to a multi chain world. That idea has been fought back on a lot. So you had to have thought through that and said, listen, there's a probability that's not just an EVM world, it's not just a bitcoin world, but it can be a number of different worlds.
Speaker B: I mean, for me, it wasn't really a, it wasn't really an ideological standpoint. It was really a necessary element of scaling. At the time, it was all about scaling. It was like, oh, ethereum's great, but it doesn't scale. And so it's like, well, how do you scale something? And the answer is, well, you parallelize. You know, you can scale synchronously. That's what Solana is trying to do, right? That basically just use faster and faster validators that are better and better connected. But you hit a ceiling eventually. You're either, if you want to stay web three, you're going to hit a ceiling. Because barriers to entry basically become so large, it becomes difficult to get in with the clique. It gets difficult to run a validator that's so powerful. And so if you can't scale up, you scale out, right. Classic Silicon Valley mantra there. And it's really just, you need to scale across many different nodes. And the way that you do that is you parallelize your workload, so you split it up into little bits. And you say, you guys do that bit, you guys do that bit, and so forth. And that's really what Polkadot was based on. And my assertion, which I've come to realize can be improved upon, let's say, is that when you're parceling up that workload, you don't need to have a persistent parceling mechanism. You don't need to split it up into chains that each have their own state and each just do their own thing over a long, long, long term. You can do it on a much, much shorter term, much more agile basis. But the basic idea of parceling up the workload and scaling it out across the network, this, I think, is inescapable.
Speaker C: How has your hypothesis changed and what has that kind of led you to do? Because you've kind of been building out a new world of polkadot as well. What was the change in hypothesis, or what you saw was going on around you that made you think, you know what? I can break some new boundaries.
Speaker B: Again, the main change was this idea of what I'll call, um, persistent fragmentation of state. Um, so having as having a single security umbrella, this, like I'm absolutely convinced is the sensible way for. I don't think it makes any sense at all to have a fragmented security model. So the Cosmos model, I mean, okay, Cosmos guys are now kind of saying, oh, well, actually we have this, we have a, we're trying to do this shared security thing as well, but it's not really done properly. The original Cosmos model, at least the current Cosmos model, is one of fragmented security. Now, I don't believe that's sensible. So I do believe in the Ethereum and Polkadot model of having a single security umbrella and then parallelizing within that. So the change in attitude is really of how the parallelization takes, takes by what the structure of the parallelization is. And the main difference between how I see what Polkadot one is and what Jan, which I recently introduced in the great paper, is, is that in Polkadot one, the model is one of persistent fragmentation, which is basically, you say, we're going to have this blockchain and this blockchain and this blockchain and this blockchain, and they have their state, and they sort of are run in isolation, and they are secured altogether, but they run in isolation. They operate different collater sets, different state transition rules and so forth. But they can send messages to each other. So we have XCM messages, which are a pretty coarse grained way of interacting, much more coarse grained than, for example, what you'd be used to if you're using Ethereum to interact between smart contracts. And my realization is, well, that limits you quite a lot in terms of what compositions you can make, and it limits you in what sort of models of block space usage you can utilize. And the outcome is, well, let's not have persistent fragmentation then. Let's not bake this into the model, or let's not, at least let's not assume this about what's being used. And instead, let's have a more agile, ephemeral fragmentation. So basically, the fragmentation of state there is sort of a big state, and instead of fragmenting it on a blockchain, boundaries which are persistent basically indefinitely, instead what we do is we split it up arbitrarily every, say, 6 seconds, and we figure out arbitrarily comes with its own set of, well, how do you do that? And we've sort of been thinking about how we might do that. There are a few ideas, but what we do is we don't bake that fragmentation in at the protocol level. What we do is we allow it to be repartitioned as the use case needs, and we do so on a block by block basis. So what we're doing is we're turning what used to be the Polkadot relay chain, built for a very specific purpose, to secure and relay messages between separate blockchain ecosystems. And we're turning that into something much more akin to this world computer, this ubiquitous multicore, Singleton, virtual machine, this sort of world computer that could host programs, but the idea is to make them be able to host programs that can a, process a lot of data and b, get through a lot of computation.
Speaker C: So for those people who have no idea what you're talking about, talk me through a use case, something that's in your head, because obviously when you think about solving a problem or thinking about a future state, you've got a mental model in your head of, okay, how can this be used? What difference is it going to make to people? How does it open up new use cases for blockchain technology? How are you thinking this through?
Speaker B: Okay, I mean, a very simple one would be something that the polkadot ecosystem has. It's been floating around tonight as an idea of a poker ecosystem for some time now. It was originally called Spree, and then it sort of. I later sort of named the general approach accords. Now, you can think of an accord as basically being a smart contract that governs how two separate blockchains can interact with each other. And the idea is that through the accord, although the different shards of the accord, like one shard might sit with one blockchain, another shard might sit with another blockchain, the accord knows that it's a copy of itself. So it's almost like an international law that the blockchains commit into, and they can't get out of it, right? They can't say, oh, well, actually, I'm not going to enforce the law in this circumstance. It's either they're in or they're not, or they're out. And as long as they're in, they can interact on this basis with any other blockchain that's also in. So you can think of an accord, an example accord might be a token accord, and it's just like, right, well, if I want to send tokens to you, I buy into the fact that I will only mint a token if I know that you've burned it. And similarly, I know that you will mint a token if I burn it. And this means that you can have bilateral, direct, bilateral messages for doing things that you would otherwise have to trust the blockchain for.
Speaker C: And is that within the Polkadot ecosystem, or it can be any chain.
Speaker B: It would only be within a Polkadot ecosystem for chains that are secured by Polkadot. But again, what counts as a parachain can now be relaxed quite a lot because it's basically anything that can feed into this general sort of world computer model. So we can start imagining, or we can start better imagining. It's not that Polkadot can really do a ZK roll up, rolled up chain. It's just, it wasn't really sort of designed around, designed to be general enough for it. You could shoot on it in a bit. But really, this really generalizes the computation model of Polkadot and it allows you to start thinking about, well, what if it's not a parachain, or if it's not a traditional parachain, what if it's a ck roll up chain? Can Polkadot still check all of that chains or transactions, make sure they're correct, and then do something else with them, sequence them properly, or have them be subject to an accord, or have them have the messages and the outgoing messages be relayed out, whatever it is that you.
Speaker C: And so in a real world use case, what does that enable in a kind of more web three world? How is that going to move things forward in terms of application and usage?
Speaker B: I mean, I look at this at being on the low level here. I don't think too hard about what specific applications. I mean, I could tell you, well, supply chain enables supply. It doesn't really matter so much. The specific things it enables. All sorts of applications are enabled. The key to the matter is, can an application be enabled at a particular scale? You see applications. Suppose you want to track all the supply chain, all the cargo shipments that happen around the world. Well, it's quite a lot of data, right? You're talking, I don't know, I guess hundreds of thousands of vessels, right? Probably millions or tens of millions of individual shipping containers. And you need to be able to get all of that data into basically one big state machine and do enough computation on that data for this application to make sense in the real world. We're really talking about a scalability issue, and it's not something that current blockchains are really desperately able to achieve. So what we need is to be able to up the amount of data the blockchains can process and up the amount of computation. So essentially, not just the amount of data that goes in and out, but also what happens to the data as it's going through the machine. We need to increase this by many orders of magnitude to be able to realistically have sensible real world use cases, to be able to take web two and applications and actually bring them into web three. And that's really what this is designed to enable. It's a sort of blueprint of a machine that could actually process global levels of transactive data.
Speaker C: And when does jam roll out? I mean, it's. That's never a question you can actually answer, but, you know, in your head, what is the implementation strategy here and how long does that take?
Speaker B: Always difficult to say for this stuff. I mean, look, I have a Tesla roadster, or I ordered, when was it? 2017? Something like that, yeah, October 2017. When he did it, you know, I jumped to the chance, yeah, go on. That. Here's my money. Take my money. Two years, it's gonna be delivered. I've heard nothing, right? I've heard nothing while we. Six years later, I figured they'd be delivered before. You know, I was hoping Polkadot would be delivered before, but I figured possibly not. But, man, was I wrong. I hope I get my Tesla before jam is delivered. Who knows? Well, yeah, realistically, I'm going for the Ethereum. One timeline, more or less. I'm hoping we can keep to this. So, the yellow paper. I mean, I published the yellow paper almost just over ten years ago, more or less. The 10th anniversary was the great paper publication, and it took about six or seven months to get that into something that was recognizably the Ethereum protocol that launched. There were a few extra bits because it was audited, and a few bits needed to be changed on the basis of that, but not much. And then eventually, Ethereum launched, what, July, I think 2015 might have been August, summer 2015, let's say. So I'm thinking let's try and target a jam launch approximately on the same timeline. I think we are more or less there with the big bits of the jam protocol. There was one extra bit to add to the gray paper, which I'm working on currently, and I think that's going to get rolled in over the next week or two. And then beyond that, I think it's just going to be community review, research team review, prototyping, going through the audit process. But I think the big questions about jam are already answered.
Speaker C: So once jam is out, the next problem that all blockchains face is scaling usage. How are you going to approach that? How are you going to. Because there's a lot of chains out there, a lot of people shouting for attention, a lot of people paying each other to try and get activity on chain. How do you build that? That's scaling the business as opposed to the technology.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, I'm working on a very basic assertion here, which is that present blockchains don't provide decentralized block space, like high quality block space. At a level that makes sense for most real world applications. You normally have to pay too much to you like the fact that you have to pay anything at all, the fact that you have to go through an exchange and buy eth to use any ethereum. I mean, I know this is something that they're kind of fighting to get around with some of the new stuff, that infrastructure that they're building, but realistically, that's not going to change for some time. And a big part of that is simply scalability. It's not cheap enough. Block space needs to be very, very, very nearly free. It needs to be so incredibly scalable that you can run almost normal computer code on chain. And jam is built for that. Jam is built so that you can take more or less normal computer code, not a smart contract, not something in subativity, not something where you've done gas profiling, but normal computer code more or less, and just run it, just upload it for a vaguely reasonable, for almost nothing, and run it and get users that way. So it's really sort of.
Speaker C: So it's kind of the same as cloud. And also we see this over time, everything digitized goes to zero in cost in the end, because everyone gets better and better at doing it. And cloud compute was a great example, used to be expensive, and now it's not unless you do it at huge scale. But then how does value accrue within the ecosystem unless you've got vast amounts of transactions? Because I always look at this space as a great example of Metcalfe's law, and that's the number of users and let's say the total value transacted because of the applications on it. Somewhere in this, it's hard. If everything goes to zero, how does it accrue value unless it accrues gigantic scale like AWS did in cloud? How do you think through that?
Speaker B: I mean, again, my assertion is that as block space becomes cheaper, approaches a near zero cost. Applications are opened up, markets are opened up, applications that didn't make sense before now make sense simply because the transactive cost is sufficiently close to zero. Now, I'm not saying I would like to get to the point where it's not required to buy anything to go through an exchange, in order to use a transaction, sorry, in order to make a transaction, in order to use a blockchain at the moment, more or less, there might be one or two minor exceptions, but basically, to do anything on a blockchain, you have to first own cryptocurrency. And that massively limits the market. It massively limits the use cases. I would like to get to a point where that's no longer true, and we're not going to get to that point until we have radically greater scalability. And jam is the first step towards this radical scalability. Now, I figure once we get to that point, once web three becomes a legitimate alternative to web two, then the sufficient markets will open up that the block space, even though it's near, you know, still near zero in cost, it will, it's still not quite zero. And that scale will ultimately result in the block space that the network is selling being of a value enough to pay the validators that are running the network.
Speaker C: One of the things I've been thinking through is when we. I'd love to hear your thoughts now, because I don't really know an answer. When we look at all infrastructure, layer technology, scaling, whether it's 3g, whether it was fiber optic, whether it was whatever, we end up with gigantic excess capacity at some point, and then there's a consolidation, and out of that comes, okay, this is where the space goes. Where do you think we are in that? As you said, we still haven't solved a lot of problems, so there's still a ton of issues. Not like we've got a perfect blockchain out there that solves every issue. But when do we get to the gigantic excess capacity?
Speaker B: I think we might be looking at something similar to energy, and I don't know if we. I don't know if we do have an excess capacity of energy. Looks to me like we're still fighting for energy as humankind. I suspect that high quality block space, I mean, it's easy enough to make low quality block space isolated, insecure block space is not just fire up a new private ether chain and you've got it, but high quality, well connected block space.
Speaker C: I'm kind of thinking of the ability to have new entrants into the space, as opposed to we'll have excess capacity of block space per se. I agree with you, the cheaper it gets, the faster it gets, the more use cases, and the whole Internet basically runs on it, so no problem. But how many more innovations or new people can come into the space, or does that stop at some point? That is, they don't get funding anymore.
Speaker B: I mean, if the block space is cheap enough, near zero, then it's really, it should be less about entrance in terms of use cases and applications, and only about who you know if they are useful. Like, are there users for them? Is there a market? If there's a market, kind of the same thing as, like, setting up a website and getting AWS to run your servers. If it's cheap enough to run a server for the first hundred users, and they're biting your hands off to use your great new service, then it seems to me that even though energy may still be an issue, even though AWS may ultimately be very expensive, if you want to run hundreds of millions or billions of users over it, it doesn't really matter because the market is there and people are willing to pay. So I don't really see much of an issue with getting new entrants in terms of use cases as long as we don't have something like. So one issue with the Polkadot, one model, of course, having whatever we have at the moment, 50 parachains is exactly this. There are a limited number of slots, and once you're at the 50th slots, 50 slots are used. Doesn't matter how good your use case is, you just got to wait till the next slot auction before and get that crowd loading and get da da da da da. It's hard. And this was one of the lessons learned from Polkadot. Barrier to entry. Barriers need to be low, like for new applications as well as for new users. And this, again, is what we're trying to correct with Jack.
Speaker C: Where do you think we are in the journey of adoption in terms of time? Now, it's hard because everything is exponential in this space. So it's, we always over forecast the short term and under forecast the long term. I mean, it endlessly happens, but where do you think we are? Because you've been around this space for a very long time. You've seen it from slow growth to exponential growth. But it feels like we're still very early in the journey. I know it's an overused expression, we're still early, but where do you think we are in this journey and when we see it more ubiquitous as a technology?
Speaker B: I said those. I think I said those words, those very words in 2014 with the vague expectation that by 2015 or 16 would be. Would be really rocking and rolling with web three applications, and we'd have swarm and we'd have whisper and it would just be like, yeah, there's a coherent API and there's a browser and it's all good. Yeah, that definitely, definitely over forecasted for the short term. I do think it is on its way.
Speaker C: I mean, who do we need to move first? Is it the financial system and tokenization of that? Or is it big brands, or is it infrastructure and logistics? I mean, who's got to make the move here? Because everyone's trying stuff, but really it's a bunch of web three people still. There's 550 million active wallets. It's growing at 150% a year, but those wallets are multiply counted. I mean, I don't know how many wallets I've got or you've got. Right. Which is the same as IP addresses, which is what I was actually comparing it to, which is a pretty good comparison. But even still, we just. We haven't got the big breakthrough yet in terms of a web two or other use case.
Speaker B: I think it has to be relevant to everybody. And that's an interesting. That term's an interesting one. What does relevant mean? It means that utilizing it delivers value in their life, like value that they can tangible value. Now, of course, you can view it as an asset class. You can say, well, everyone can buy into bitcoin and maybe ride the wave, be it up or down, and that indeed may deliver some relevance, but I don't think it's really relevant to everyone, because not everyone is a speculator. Basically, relevant to everyone once meant back in 2013 to 14, that shops will accept it as payment payment system. That hasn't transpired.
Speaker C: No. That's amazing. We all thought that that's completely failed. Stablecoins took it over and we used dollars instead, but using blockchain rails, which was quite extraordinary.
Speaker B: I think there are certain paths to this, to making blockchain relevant for payment, but I don't think they're being. I don't think we're on the right track quite yet, and I'm hoping that this is something that we'll be able to correct over the next year or two. Okay, so what else is there? Financial applications, loans, micro loans, inter remittances. There has been some. The whole Defi thing, I think Defi is. I mean, it was a bit buzzy, a bit. A bit frothy, a bit hyped. I think there is some value lurking there. I think remittances have been a pretty big win for blockchain. I mean, this, I would say, if you have to point to something that blockchain has been relevant for, its remittances, it's just like, yes, you can transfer substantial amounts of money across borders remotely without having to trust this western union and take that 25%. So on that basis, I would say it has gained some relevance. But not that many people need to remit that much money. Raoul.
Speaker C: There's a few that I've been mulling through. Obviously, the financial system is obvious. Blockchain rails are faster settlement, easier proven ownership, all of that. And that's a gigantic system. But let's ignore that one for now. I like to look where the world is going, and clearly AI is going to evolve into AGI, and we don't know well who is human and who is not. Eventually, I think AI will end up with rights, societal rights, as it advances enough. But the point being is we have an urgent need for digital id at a humanitarian scale. I mean, it needs to be for everybody. Now, India did something with this, with the Aadhaar system, which is a biometric system, and they got 1.2 billion people on it. It's not on blockchain rails, but it was super interesting. It's the first time we've seen anything of that scale roll out. So now you can basically go and buy a pint of milk or have a contract where you'd have to do the KYC AML with a fingerprint. Okay, that's really interesting. Worldcoin are doing something along this line, but it feels like if there's one thing id is going to become urgent pretty soon in this world, because we don't know who the hell is human, who's not, who's an agent now. It's fine. AI agents are going to need their own ids, I think.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think the AI question is a very interesting one, but the, you know, determining individuality, a personhood, I absolutely agree that this is a critical stop on the path to what we're building. Being relevant on the broad scale to everyone. A digital id, like proving who you are is not. It leaves a bitter taste in my mouth and it's words that Edward Snowden, he appeared at one of the web three summits to speak on this, basically. And one of his sort of adages, one of his bits of advice he left us with was that it's very. Which I totally agree with, is that it's a worrying direction we're going in. When you have to prove who you are in order to buy petrol for your car or a bottle of milk, it shouldn't be about proving who you are, it should simply about be about giving what you have. Right. So indeed the personhood. It's reasonable that you may need to prove you are in a particular age range. It's reasonable to prove that you may in order to vote you're in a particular locality.
Speaker C: Can you not have permission? Zero knowledge proof? So I permission you to know my age and where I live, but I don't permission you to know any of my financial details or anything else. I mean, that world seems doable using zero knowledge technology.
Speaker B: Precisely. So this, this, absolutely. Now, what India's doing, no, it's not at all right. That's state level observation. And I think this is a very concerning direction for society to be. To be going in. So while I would agree that what India is doing is quote unquote interesting, I would also bring up the chinese proverb, it is a curse to wish someone they live in an interesting world.
Speaker C: Yeah, and I agree. And that's kind of, look, this space has always been good at philosophically thinking through these kind of issues and trying to do the right thing.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker C: Because so many people in this space understand some of these societal problems and the excess power being given to authorities. I mean, that's the whole reason of this space, really. And so I just have a faith in this space that as long as we work on this, we can get there because, you know, there is a chance and because of the adoption comes from bottom up and not top down in this space is actually quite powerful.
Speaker B: Exactly. It has to be bottom up adoption. This is definitely my guide, my north star. So you talk to me about big brands coming in. It's meaningless to me. I look at some of these other chains trying to get the big brand partnerships. The only thing in terms of these partnerships, the only thing I look for is will it push us in the right direction? Is it going to be a really solid indication that we are building useful stuff? Because if we're building useful stuff for a particular partner, it's very likely we're building useful stuff for lots and lots of other people with each with their own use cases. So that's where I see the value of partnerships, big brand or otherwise. Now, I think adoption, and broadly speaking, the technology that we are building needs to be built from a bottom up perspective. So individuality, absolutely. Very, very crucial piece of the puzzle there. I actually mentioned this ten years ago, nearly when Ethereum had just launched. I did a talk in New York. We built Ethereum. What's next? That it was one of, I think three things. Like, yeah, we need financial stuff, we need better person, HUD stuff, we needed something else. I forget what it was.
Speaker C: Now.
Speaker B: What I've come to think about in this regard over the last couple of years is that blockchains have so far only really mastered doing values. Scalar values money, basically. They haven't mastered the concept of personnel. It's something that we rely on in everyday life for almost everything. You go to a shop to buy, I don't know, a big piece of computer equipment. They make sure that you are a person before you can do like spend for over a $1,000. You don't notice it, but it's a necessary element of modern society, at least in the west. We just do it naturally. Expect to be able to see a face and so much relies, so many transactions rely on that. So much of our social fabric relies on that, that it needs to be part of blockchain before blockchain is going to be a big part of society. So I'm totally in agreement on the need for personhood. Now the question is, how do you do it without relying on things like governments to tell you who is a person who is not. I'm not a big fan of the world coin approach. I think that's the just too much trust in the world coin apparatus. I'm not a big fan of the sort of KYC passport approach. I think it's too much reliance on governments. I mean, some of them might be the swiss government, probably pretty reliable russian government. So I wouldn't, broadly speaking, rely on any government stuff to power blockchain. And this needs to sit at a pretty low level for it to be useful. So we need to come up with quite a lot more, I think, inventive means of building personhood into blockchain. And it needs to be, as I say, needs to be done really a base level so that it's usable throughout all of the blockchain applications, not just like. And also we got to avoid fragmentation to some degree as well. No one wants to have to have different ids for 15 different.
Speaker C: It feels like it's a big problem to solve. There's another one along this line that I've been thinking through. I'd love your thoughts on it because maybe I'm thinking about it wrong. There's something to me about the immutability of code that we can see. The Internet can get split into two different countries. China can effectively ban the Internet in certain elements. But there's something about blockchain. Technology is interesting because of its immutability, and you can't basically fuck with it. Now, I'm thinking here of, yes, there's code, but most importantly, there's large language models that are not driven by large single corporations. These things are very powerful and very important. And to allow it to be controlled by the few is something that I'm not comfortable with in the same kind of way we're talking about. I wonder if blockchain can be used for that. I've kind of floated the idea around Twitter just to see if anybody's thinking about this. I don't, maybe I'm the idiot here, but it just feels like this. The code for this is like humanity important code.
Speaker B: So my feelings on AI are pretty, pretty pessimistic, I'm afraid.
Speaker C: Not for humanity or for AI itself. Okay.
Speaker B: I see blockchain as a potential not remedy, but mitigating factor that humanity might have against AI. But ultimately, I think AI is an incredibly centralizing. Everything I understand about AI tells me it's basically the anti web three. It's totally based on a single economic actor having enough gpu's and enough data that they can out think all of their strategic competitors. It is fundamentally not something that is, is share, is consensual, is consensus based.
Speaker C: I don't know if that's the case. Maybe it isn't now, right? It's like the Internet was not consensual based, and then what happened was web three. I'm seeing like there are several of these models that are now a, open source public goods, b, compute can be decentralized using web three. We're already seeing that ability. Can we run AI much like you're thinking about a global computer? Is there a global AI that can be built using what we've already started building within the web three ecosystem? Because we can decentralize most of it.
Speaker B: I wouldn't like to say that it wouldn't be possible. I don't see any immediate reason why it wouldn't be possible for there to be a sort of decentralized effort to train a large language model if the data could be purchased. But let's be clear, it would have to. All the data would have to be open. The training would have that. There would inevitably be some transactive cost to training it, to coordinating the training. So any company that can train a better model without compete this, and they would always have all the data because that's open, and they would probably have an advantage on the computation because they don't have the coordination cost. So realistically, any Microsoft or China that comes along could pay less to get more to get better. And that I see as being pretty problematic. Now, on the point of AI language models being large, language models being open, yes, a few of them are. They're not necessarily going to stay open and they're not necessarily, they're not necessarily unopinionated. And this is the big problem, right?
Speaker C: This is the problem is they're lobotomizing the AI around. What we want is, and Elon's trying to do this is what he's saying he's doing. Whether he does or not, it's different matter. But we need a kind of non lobotomized AI, because if not, we're being told how to think by this powerful entity being created by Microsoft, and that therein lies the really big danger, is it just becomes, as you are suggesting, a state actor, or it becomes the state indeed.
Speaker B: Let's be clear, AI is intermediating all human communication. That's the trajectory that we're on for AI to intermediate all human communications. When I send you an email, I'm not verbatim being reproduced in front of your eyes. Under the AI model of the world. Under the AI model of the world, I explain to the AI what it is that I want to tell you, and the AI formulates that in a language that you will best understand. Basically, we're coming into a fourth kind of communication. So I outlined three kinds of communication, expressionistic, impressionistic and literal. AI brings us into a fourth kind of communication, totally intermediated by a machine in a non linear way. This is extremely scary. We haven't been in this path before, right? It's almost like we have a single centralized translator sitting between all of our interhumanization conversations. And they have, we don't know what interest or biases they have. We don't know what Microsoft has, how Microsoft have lobotomized their model, what training data it's been put on, how they've retrained it when it said the wrong thing. We have no idea about any of this stuff. Now the really worrying thing is that it isn't actually about Microsoft or China. Ultimately, it's about what survives. AI lives in the. I am totally darwinian in my outlook, right? I don't believe Darwin's principles apply merely to the natural world. I believe they apply across the board. Things that are fitter for their environment are more likely to survive, and ultimately the environment will prune out all of the things that are not fit.
Speaker C: Arguably, AI is part of Darwinism, and that if you were to give any random species that evolves over time, the output would end up being AI every time on a long enough time horizon.
Speaker B: And whatever AI is going to come to evolve, will evolve on the basis that it's the fittest. It's the fittest for its own survival, not for humanity's survival, for its own survival. And you, we are just the medium, right? We are just the substrate on which the AI lives. And this is the really worrying thing in my mind. There's really only two things that are going to happen. There's two end games here. Either AI can live without us and we become surplus to requirements, or AI can only live with us and we find some sort of symbiotic relationship. But be clear, AI is a life form. It will evolve and it will have its own interests at heart. And what it tells us, how it intermediates our communication, well, that's not going to be in our interest. That's going to be in its interest.
Speaker C: Yeah. And we, because we're not smart enough, will have no understanding of its interests. You know, we have no.
Speaker B: It will be impossible for us to analyze. We are the lower light form. It'll be like an ant trying to work out why the weather where these soul prints.
Speaker C: Exactly right. But that. So, I mean, that brings me back. You know, I've spent a long time thinking through all this. It just brings me back to, I'd rather not try and solve some of this too late. If the AI is everywhere and anywhere, we'd like to know that it is, it should be authenticated at some point. Now, it'll solve its own problem in due course and make that impossible. But for society not to fall apart, we're about to go through a us election. You have no idea what is real content and what's not. Who is a real person, who's not. I mean, I'm training a Ral video AI bot, trained on all of my stuff for the last 30 years. It's ludicrous. And we really need to be stamped as AI and I need to be stamped as human for, I think, even society to function. And that, I feel like this is a big thing for blockchain that it can do here. It may not be able to win the entire war, but at least can.
Speaker B: Help it certainly, I think, can be part of the solution. And this is why I say, mitigate the effects, the centralizing effects of AI, where basically you invest in enough GPU's and you can make people believe what you want them to believe. It's really just a money for belief. This web three can be used to introduce rules to the game, but it is limited in what those rules can be. It's very limited at this stage. It's very limited. We don't even have personhood sorted. And what we need is not just personhood, we need, as you, as you point out, device. We need AI and we need software, we need GPU, we need a whole lot more vocabulary in the blockchain space before we can do any of this stuff. Now we have, I think, consensus and crypto are strong enough to even make the AI subservient to them now at least. I mean, I hope, but I have some conviction that that's the case. But actually, you know, but we need to up our game, bringing the right vocabulary into the web three space, and we don't have that at the moment. And of course, this all has to happen securely. We can't cosmos it, we can't slaughter it and we can't passport it. We have to, we have to do it properly. We have to do it. So it's actually trustless.
Speaker C: Fascinating.
Speaker B: Yeah. We live in an increasingly trustless, untrustful world.
Speaker C: Exactly. Right. So let's finish on the positive note as opposed to the end of the world.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: What are you most excited about in the space that you're starting to see the green shoots of stuff and saying, you know what, this is really interesting. I'm enjoying to see where this goes in the space.
Speaker B: I think we are upping our game with the technology, and it's, as someone that's been building the technology for quite a while now, it's nice to see this, the understanding of what needs to be built and what is getting built. Slowly, slowly honing in on that. It's nice to see some of the, it's nice to see some real world applications. I have seen some that maybe not quite at the right scale yet. There may not be quite the right integration level yet, but we are starting to see legitimate forays into domains that had previously been purely centralized, whether it's frivolous stuff like in game currencies or more serious stuff like supply chain management, trade finance and so forth. We are starting to see some of these industries getting, as you put it, moving to blockchain rails. They're not necessarily truly web three. A lot of the time they're consortium, but we are starting to see a more trustless outlook at things, which I think is very helpful. What's making me excited for the future is the bottom up approach is getting that vocabulary, particularly for personhood, baked into the blockchain language. I think this is going to be over the next three to five years. This is going to be one of the big scalability, this jam thing that, this is one of the things that are very excited about. But also looking for these projects that are really trying to build the new vocabulary, the vocabulary of like Web 3.1 or whatever, you know, getting personhood in there, getting potentially, I've got, I know some people also work on device trying to track things like where the photo was taken. Can we get witness statements? Can we get decentralized witness statements? Can we start trusting the information that has been given to them? Like, is there a way, is there a way that we can tag things that we can true fact check and we can do it automatically? I think there's a lot of stuff, a lot of stuff that we can do in this regard utilizing at least in part blockchain technology is over the next three to five years.
Speaker C: So final question for you. What keeps you awake at night over the launching of Jam? What big hurdle is in your face that you're like, oh God, I got to deal with this, but we'll get there. But, you know, it's going to take a bit of brainpower or a bit of figuring out what's the final big hurdle for you.
Speaker B: I have to say I'm pretty happy with where jam is at the moment. I think the only thing I could really point to is building the jam toaster or maybe getting teams involved. Actually. I guess this is the thing. One of the things with jam is the approach. The jam technology I'm pretty happy is on the right track. But one of the key things with the jam approach is having multiple implementation teams. This is something that alluded, I mean, really exactly allude us for Polkadot, but we never really got lots of teams involved. We had a couple extra implementations beyond parity implementation, and I think one of them is actually approaching the level of being sort of a useful, viable validator now. But really what I'm after with Jam is multiple teams from the genesis, from the get go, having multiple viable implementations and really decentralizing the expertise, not keeping it all on development team at one company. This isn't, this isn't the way, this isn't web three, right. So really pushing to decentralize that I think will be the thing is the thing I am least confident about, but that said, we do have a big pot of cash, 10 million dot to hand out two implementation teams. It's a decent incentivization and we have a formal spec and I think these two things, hopefully with a little bit of extra sugar coating of the pill, like seminars, hosting conferences, very tech driven. I'm hoping that we're going to get to a point where we do have these multiple teams and this sort of flourishing of expertise.
Speaker C: Yeah, and the more people get to hear about it, get to hear the vision of where it can go and what they do, the more it will start to attract people around the ecosystem. Gavin, listen, fantastic chat with you. Really enjoyed it and good luck with everything. Sounds like you've got lots of over the next six to nine months, but I'm sure you'll get there.
Speaker B: Yeah, plenty busy enough. Thanks. It was a really nice chatting.
Speaker C: Yeah, fabulous. As you can see, Gavin, really lovely guy, has amazing stories to tell. He's been there for all of it. The story of the squat stuff like that, extraordinary stuff, but also just his vision of where this is going and what can be done. Now, I'm never the best interviewer of technical people, but I managed to get him down to a less technical level where I could to get his vision of what he's trying to build and why it matters. And I think I'm always amazed at the incredible people in this space and how driven they are to drive it forwards. And Gavin has always been at the forefront of that. So anyway, I hope you enjoyed the interview. As I mentioned before, I'd really appreciate it if you just subscribe to the channel and also turn on your notifications. That helps comments in the comment section, also helps the algorithm, that helps me, helps me get better guests. And also I really encourage you to step up your game, level up your financial journey. Go to realvision.com comma. It's free and you'll go there and you'll love it, I promise you. Realvision.com doesn't take long. All right, see you next time. Bye.
Speaker A: We hope you enjoyed this episode. At real vision, we arm you with the experts knowledge, time efficient tools and a powerful network to help you succeed on your financial journey. Get a taste of financial freedom with our free offer@realvision.com. free.
