Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling wherever you sell. With Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps, and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your dollar one per month trial period@shopify.com. tech. All lowercase. That's Shopify.com tech.
Speaker B: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance. Join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten. That's podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Now to the top analysis of today's crypto markets.
Speaker C: I'm really excited to talk to Anatoly. Solana is one of the key protocols, one of the big cryptocurrencies, huge adoption effects. I remember the existential crisis over the summer. Well, it's never going to last. And I looked at it then I thought, I can see the developer activity. I can see where they're going. There's a lot coming out of this, and it has done reasonably well coming out of that. But what I really want to know is what's actually going on. From the launching of the phone to new chains, from other chains moving across onto Solana, to also their movements with nfts and how they can do nfts at scale. I think there's a lot of innovation going on, and I really want to catch up to find out how this all affects the Solana ecosystem and how it fits into crypto more broadly. The world of crypto is an incredibly exciting journey that we're all going on together. We don't know where it's leading to, but we know it's going to be absolutely massive. Join me, Raoul Pal, as I guide you on our adventure to discover just what this new world will look like. Anatoly, good to see you back on real vision.
Speaker B: Thanks for having me.
Speaker C: I think I checked. The last time we chatted was September last year. There's been a lot happening, particularly in Solana.
Speaker B: I mean, it's been the most boring six months in crypto, right?
Speaker C: Yeah. We've gone from the entire space having an existential threat to a massive rally from the lows as well. But look, I wanted to catch up with you because I have a very close eye on Solana and the ecosystem, and you guys are doing a lot and I think it's really, really interesting to talk through some of the things you've got going on. I think the first one that I really wanted to talk through is saga the mobile stack and everything that's happening there because you're now in launch phase. So really interested to hear your thoughts, what you're up to and where you think it's going.
Speaker B: Yeah, we launched. The hardware's here. You can see it. It's real. And real devices are being shipped to people all over the world. So it's been really exciting to go from an idea to a physical hardware product. That's the pinnacle, I think, of hardware today is a phone. Right? It's a device you use every day. People are very sensitive about the build quality, the screen touch, kind of tactile feeling, all of that stuff, right? We're all used to having these devices to be, like, exceptionally well done, and the response has been, like, overwhelmingly positive. So I'm really excited that, like, the product is good. Yeah, they're being shipped. We're awesome. The company that built these folks don't know. It's founded by Jason Keats, who is the architect of iPad pro. He's a super hardware nerd. They've done just a phenomenal job on the build quality. I think this is the best Android device out there. We are getting a ton of requests for applications. I think it's over 20 already in the app store. IOS launched with 15 apps when the iPhone launched, so we just needed to cover that many. And yeah, we're getting, like, things are moving.
Speaker C: Why did you start the crazy path of going down the hardware route, being a blockchain and then thinking, you know, why the hardware route? I mean, it's a great idea.
Speaker B: I spent most of my career at Qualcomm, so I was there from, like, early flip phone days until like, my team was in the advanced technology group was like, working to enable, like, the first augmented reality device, like, in a phone form factor. So, like, I was there from, like, phones can barely do ringtones to, like, phones are now everything. And it was a really cool and exciting time. And I kind of, as soon as I got into crypto and I. As soon as I started working on it, it just became obvious to me that every phone in the world is going to have to be hardware wallet at one point or another. That's just inevitable. And the technology to do that. Interestingly enough, I know my close friends worked on that to enable that. Like, the ability for this phone to prevent Android from seeing what's on the screen for like a secure display, from prevent, from the operating system, from seeing your touch inputs on the keyboard, like a secure keyboard, to the signing, like the signing secure element which is stored in a. They were like defending it against electron microscope scoping, like attacks, like scraping it, like really crazy stuff. All that stuff is here. It was already, basically, this technology was already there in 2017. So I just immediately thought that eventually every phone in the world is going to have to be a hardware wallet like equivalent capability. So I met kind of, I started asking, like, you know, investors and friends, like, hey, what if we built a phone? Do you guys know anyone that knows the OEM side of the business? And I talked to like a bunch of the big companies and eventually met Jason Keats, who is himself. He was like employee one or two at Essential, which is like an Android startup that built awesome devices, worked at Apple, and wanted to build a phone himself. So we kind of melded minds. Like, okay, we can build kind of like the Tesla roadster of Android phones. It's an awesome device, but it also, I think, needs like a soul, you know, like, it has to have something that isn't just Android. And I think part of that is it has to be web three and crypto and getting developers excited about an open app store and getting users excited about hardware security for their self custody. And I think the combination of those things create really, really cool user experiences for web three. There's videos of Phantom they're working on. We added a couple features to make the experience even better than it is today, where you can look at their video. It's like, just like Apple Pay. A little slider from Phantom slides up from the bottom to the, halfway to the screen. You tap the fingerprint scanner in the back, it signs and transaction goes through almost instantly in Solana as fast as Apple Pay. If you compare, it's as good. That to me is really, really cool. And you have those wonderful user experiences with hardware security and a real app store for web three, I think that's kind of like the start of it.
Speaker C: And are you thinking that it's only going to be Solana or it will be web three native in however it works?
Speaker B: This is a huge undertaking and a lot of, and very risky, like, implementation wise, not just people hate the product and buy it, that's just one thing. But like, even just execution is massive undertaking. So we basically cut all features except what's necessary to, to ship, which meant we're not experts on ethereum and bitcoin. And all these other networks. So we just basically just ship Solana, but we're adding support for curves, for bitcoin, for Ethereum, for all these other networks. And then people will be able to write wallets and interact with the seed vault and sign bitcoin transactions in the same way. And like, you know, we don't really care. Like, from my perspective, I'm, I'm more of an open source maximalist than I am even the Solana maximalist.
Speaker C: And how do you integrate Solana within that as being like, the core tech for some of this as well? Because obviously you don't just want to have a web three phone, you want a phone. Yes, it helps the whole ecosystem, but it needs to weave Solana into its kind of core infrastructure.
Speaker B: You don't actually need to weave that much. What I want is actually like, whatever APIs that we need for wallets to be able to have that awesome UX for signing, whether it's interpayment and stuff like that, I want that to be open. The problem is, when you look at the Google ecosystem, even though Android is open, GM's and Google Pay are closed sandboxes. You can't plug in your own payments infrastructure into the Google mobile stack. You can't plug in your own app store, like, through their APIs. In the open world, you have to work with an OEM to do that. So, like, same thing with Apple. Apple's even worse, right? If we could ship an iOS device with changes, we would totally do it, but zero chance of that happening. If you try, they will come after you. So that's the problem, right? It's like, but what we want is this thing to be open. And whatever API Solana needs, Solana itself is open, so everything's open source. Everyone else will be able to plug in their own infrastructure if they want to. And this can be an open platform for a lot of users, obviously, because we're shipping, we're experts in Solana. Things are probably going to move faster, features are going to be added faster on Solana. But if there's whoever else, the Tezos team gets really, really excited about it and wants to work with us, we'll definitely like, you know, the book is already open, but we'll, like, help and we'll unblock them wherever we can. Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners.
Speaker C: We'll be right back.
Speaker A: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what with each vendor. Ramp's software collects and verifies receipts instantly to save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments, time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use Ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker, adding Ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get $250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy ramp.com easy ramp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank and celtic bank members have Dic. Terms and conditions apply.
Speaker C: And how are you finding the industry? The other wallet providers or just other people in the industry? How they. The NFC marketplaces and all of this stuff?
Speaker B: Yeah, what's that?
Speaker C: What's their reception so far?
Speaker B: People definitely get it. Like, everyone in the industry gets it. There's this kind of. For folks that don't understand why it's so, such a pain in the ass to work with the big app stores, it really goes back to, I think, what people think of software and digital goods in general. Like, you can't really buy copy of Windows in a box and own it and then give it to your friends or sell it on eBay. Can't really do that anymore. You sort of can. But, like, with Windows, you barely can. You definitely can't do that with like a video that you buy on Amazon or like a song on iTunes. You don't actually own that digital content. Even though you bought it. And it says buy to own, you don't actually own it. You can't transfer it. There's no markets for it. So these are goods that you're effectively renting from these giant conglomerates. And that means that their models for their business models are designed around extracting rent like value from that rent. And the way that it works is that if you own the content and you're on iOS, you can sell the content to all the folks that have Apple devices. And Apple lets you do that, but they want 30% of that, and 30% is an insane tax. It's a massive sales tax, right? It's like absurd. There would be a revolution, right? Like the revolutions were started over lower taxes than that. So it's a massive, massive tax, but all the content producers are able to pay it because they own the content and they're renting it to their users. So they don't really care. Like they get more revenue, more profit, so they're willing to do it. But with web three, the marketplaces don't own the content. Magic Eaton doesn't own any of the nfTs. They can't add a 30% tax in the iOS mobile experience and charge their iOS users 30% more or eat that cost themselves because that would wipe out their profits. Their fee is like two, 3%. And people argue about that, but it's literally ten times less than that. So that's kind of the fundamental problem is that like the business models are set up around users not renting the content and the value extraction coming from that, instead of content truly beyond the users and freely tradable and exchangeable, that's really, I think, the heart of web three. So we need an app store to enable developers to basically do whatever they want to do, like magician, just even have a simple NFT storefront and mobile. They need an app store like this.
Speaker C: And is this available globally so far or is it just us?
Speaker B: It's globally, yeah. It's basically like the bottlenecks there are like certification and we gone through all the easy ones. I think it's like 40 countries or something like that. And there's some that are very huge pain in the butt. Like South Korea basically have to be Samsung to get certification through in India, you have to make the phone in India. There's a, some ways to kind of get like the final pieces put together there and stuff like that. So like, but this is also kind of an expensive device. We wanted to build a device that was when people got it that they were like inspired. Like, it's really good build quality. They kind of can see the vision, like, okay, this is not just some.
Speaker C: It has to compete with an iPhone and its quality feel. It has to.
Speaker B: For the early adopters, I think it has to. I think the opportunity possibly could come from a much cheaper mass market device that then also earns rewards at scale for things like helium, for things like Hivemapper. That could be, I think, really transformative for the world. If you have a device that's effectively free but also kind of gives you 510 bucks a month, right. That could even cover effectively your helium data rate at that point.
Speaker C: What's the price point right now for it?
Speaker B: It's $1,000 it's $1,000.
Speaker C: Right. And have you looked at what phones most of the web three community use right now outside of India and others, but in the western world, are you having to move people across from an iPhone environment?
Speaker B: It's a split, actually. Like in the US, 60% to 70% use iOS. And outside of the US it's closer. There's actually more Android devices. So Apple has like pretty dominant in the United States and a lot of users in us are like, you know, religious about it. But I don't think I've ever seen anyone tweet except for this device that they're willing to switch from iOS. So a lot of people actually care more about crypto than they do about Apple, which is kind of interesting.
Speaker C: Yeah. Although, you know, everything I've got is integrated in Apple. So the only way it works for me is. And most, a lot of people have this, there's just two phones. Is one for your web, three live because it makes it easy, because it's a nightmare otherwise. So if you solve making it easy and then you can still keep your Apple music and everything else elsewhere.
Speaker B: The thing is like this is a Google enabled phone too. It has GM's and all the services. So if you're like me, I have an iPhone that has. They use Chrome for my browser, I use Gmail for my mail app, Google Maps. Generally from apps. When you make the switch, the only difference which way you got to slide up to find apps. That's about it for a lot of users, say don't use the defaults on iOS. I think the switch is basically negligible.
Speaker C: There's another big thing I want to talk to you about, which is the compression of nfts that you've just rolled out, which I think is a really fucking big deal. Talk us through it and what you're thinking with it.
Speaker B: So this was a really cool ecosystem wide effort. It was. Some folks from labs worked on the smart contract. A lot of folks from Metaplex worked on the spec and the rest of the application side and a bunch of the infrastructure providers, helium, like helios, not helium and Triton, and like built the indexers to do this. And the underlying technology is pretty old, I would say as far as crypto is concerned. You even actually have seen it in bitcoin it's called a stateless accumulator. And in bitcoin there's an implementation called the Utree XL, if you ever heard of that. So these are ways for basically you're kind of conceptually if you want to think about it, you're trading the state space for Ledger. So ledgers are actually cheaper to store because they're on disk. They don't need to be accessed immediately for consensus. Like when you do execution of smart contracts, you don't need to. Like you can't typically look back in history. You get access to the recent state, but not the rest of the history. Does that make sense? Yeah, yeah. So the stuff that you have in the most immediate state, that's the most expensive state that you can have in a smart contract platform. So the way stateless accumulators work is you store a merkle root or some kind of accumulator. Could be other fancy cryptographic thing. But Merkle routes work great. That's what we use. They're very simple and very fast. And then you track updates and changes to that Merkle route through transactions that post the proof to the state and then the new state and it recomputes the proof and updates the Merkle root. So all the information you need to reconstruct the root and the entire kind of tree is in the ledger. So if you play it back, you can reconstruct the entire tree, but it's not stored in that immediate state. So indexers like Helios and Triton and all these other folks, as they're playing the ledger for their RPC infra, they produce all these witnesses and stuff and they maintain a larger portion of the state and serve it to users like Magic Eden and so forth. But validators that are running the chain and doing all this consensus work don't have to store that entire thing in Ram effectively in that really fast accessible storage can get put on tape drives for all we care. So that's really, I think the trade off and that dramatically cuts costs on the amount of like how much it costs to actually update and store and deal with these things. So the price to mint nfts is now the cost of just sending a transaction and modifying a state route. That state route is very cheap, doesn't allocate any more state. Once you allocate that tree and it becomes about the cost drops to like about 100, 3150 bucks to mint a million nfts.
Speaker C: So that changes the game for nfts, I think because we all know that nfts are not just about art pfps and everything else is it's a contract that can now operate at scale for low cost ticketing. All this stuff, where are you thinking this is going? And who's getting interested in this because I think it's a huge breakthrough where.
Speaker B: I think the early adopters of this have been. It's still Solana smart applications, but one that's really interesting is dialect. They're basically built a messaging app in that messaging experience. Every sticker pack that you use in messaging is an NFT, and they constantly do mints. And people collect all these nfts from all these famous creators and stuff and trade them, and the user is not aware of the gas costs. Like in the UX, you're sending a smart message where I can request an NFT from you or send you a payment like you would send cash in iOS if you ever use their cash application. And then that user experience, the user just sees that message, they click the button to sign it. Like all happens behind the scenes. There's no gas. You're not dealing with this complex thing. Okay, what am I supposed to pay? How much? It just happens magically. It feels like a web two app, but everything is trustless. Like all the actual ownership, everything else, everything is done with self custody. It's really, really cool. That kind of user experience, I think, is enabled by this massive price reduction. The other one that's also in the similar vein is called drip house. They've minted, I think, over a million of these compressed nfts, something around that order, and they're kind of running a subscription service for NFT users. So you get mints every week, and people get these nfts from all sorts of other artists. They've minted over a million, and that's been pretty cool. I think their estimation is they've onboarded like 150,000 humans, like people in about a span of three, four months. It's been really, really cool. So for them, that price reduction allowed them to just scale up how many of these NFT drops they're doing. But obviously there's also other use cases. So every hotspot that helium had on their original layer one, they announced that they're moving to Solana. The way that they implemented that is that every hotspot is a compressed NFT. They minted a million nfts for every hotspot. It cost them a few hundred bucks. And now all that stayed is tracked on Solana. All the ownership and everything else, that's a really, really practical application that becomes a no brainer, I think, for effectively logistics companies or anyone else that's tracking needs a system to track a whole bunch of distributed, crowdsourced hardware. So stuff like that, I think is pretty exciting to have happened in the last couple of months, and this is only. We launched this thing like two months ago. Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real vision crypto daily briefing.
Speaker C: My view is I've been thinking nfts are really the solution for ticketing and secondary markets and getting rid of ticket scalps and all of that stuff. We've seen ticket master play around with a lot of this stuff. It just feels like now with something like this and this cheap, it can be tickets for anything. It can be literally tickets for anything. And that's a game changer, because then you onboard tons of people into web three without even realizing it's web three because everybody has a ticket for something, for sure.
Speaker B: Yeah, Ticketmaster has a crazy monopoly in tickets, so that one's. That's a hard, tough not, not to crack.
Speaker C: Well, they're doing stuff in nfts right now. I mean, they're giving away nfts. I mean, and they've used different couple of different chains already, so they're all looking.
Speaker B: That would be like. Yeah. So for them to scale up, give away 100 million nfts or something like that a year, Solano would be the place to do it. We've seen some early.
Speaker C: Well, I'm just thinking it just replaces the physical ticket. They've got a digital wallet. It probably costs them about the same cost to process the ticketing, but it means that they get a secondary market in the tickets and they could have a marketplace and they get to control a lot. It's quite different.
Speaker B: The challenge there, I think, is like how much there's always tension between centralized companies and decentralized ones in terms of how to use this technology, because you can use it in a very controlled way where you're running effectively, co signing every transaction, allow only the transfers that you want to allow. But the natural ethos of every, like, web three builders, that we're building digital assets that are freely transferable and freely tradable. And that's always like, that tension between these big centralized companies.
Speaker C: Yeah, but I think that's solvable because, again, with something like ticketing at scale, music tickets, sports tickets, is you just create a marketplace where now you and I could sell. I'm sure there might be a royalty in the smart contract, as there is with the standard NFT. Ticketmaster gets paid for the transfer, but we're now free because I can't go to the game. I want to sell my ticket instantly. I don't have to go to a tower outside the stadium, pay a 50% spread. It just becomes very efficient and it's decentralized in that matter. Sure, the issuing isn't, but then the spread of it is. Raoul, I looked at hotel rooms. That's another one I've looked at. It's another thing where you, I will have gone to cancel hotel rooms at the last minute. You lose all the money. The hotel doesn't like it because you're not in the bar drinking a glass of wine, eating a burger. And if you could just have them as nfts, they become transferable, and that solves everybody's problems, for sure.
Speaker B: Everything's a market, really.
Speaker C: Everything is a market, isn't it?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: So, yeah, I think it's going to be interesting. How much activity does it create on chain?
Speaker B: So at protocol layer, humans create very little activity. It's barely, you can't even tell.
Speaker C: But meaning if you're issuing millions of nfts, is it creating a lot of demand for Solana itself? For Sol itself? Or. It's because it's very efficient, it's batched?
Speaker B: No, even the problem is Solana does 30 million transactions per day, 90% of them from applications alone. 90% of them come from oracle updates and market makers. So that are machine driven. So they're like market making, like central limit order books, and then, like, adding one more million issuance per day is just like one or 2% more growth. Right. And that the problem there is that, like, the amount of traffic that's generated by human activity is always going to be much, much smaller than, like, machine automated, like, robot activity, where they're basically like, you know, trying to extract value out of one penny transactions and stuff like that through arbitrage in these markets. So I really suspect that the scale that's being added to all of these chains for parallel processing, like, from handling, you know, vast amount of transactions across many different parts of state, it's mostly going to be eaten up by, like, effectively machine automated arbitrage and that kind of thing. That doesn't mean that the chain is going to be expensive or congested. It's just that there's going to be some lower bound floor price that all these machines will take advantage of. And you as a person, like right now on Solana, I think the fee per transaction is 1000th of a penny. You as a person can pay 100th of a penny and not even care, but you'll be prioritized ten times more than every machine.
Speaker C: The other big thing you've got going on is these projects migrating onto Solana like helium. Talk us through that as well, because that's another really fascinating development where people are abandoning their original thing and then joining up with you guys to use your tech stack.
Speaker B: There's a lot of work to build a layer on blockchain, and a lot of people knew that going into this and needed something more scalable than what existed before. So go back to 2017. Ethereum was even less scalable than it is now. There were no layer two technologies. The only thing you could do is to actually take tendermint and go roll your own chain. So a lot of folks did that. And when you actually get to a certain scale, like helium did, tracking a million devices on a kind of your standard roll your own blockchain, it's quite expensive, like internally operationally wise, because it's a complex technology. You have to have like a really smart team of dedicated engineers that are constantly unblocking all the bottlenecks in these systems, making them cheaper, faster, and at some point you realize that that's not your core business for them. They care about wireless technologies. They'd rather have those engineers working in 5G, things like that. And that is our core business. I love making blockchains cheaper and faster.
Speaker C: And you also know the telephone business, the phone business as well, so it kind of works for you perfectly, right?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, I would rather work on blockchain than radio protocol, so I know exactly what I want to work on. So that's kind of natural occurrence. I think you'll see some consolidation. There's a couple designs that make sense in the space. Solana's one, I think Ethereum's like layer two models and other design that's like a nice. There's Pareto efficient trade offs between all of them if you pick one that you're optimizing. For one thing, I think Ethereum is valid. I think Solana is a pretty good one, obviously. So people gravitate towards one or the other, in my view.
Speaker C: So we're going to see more of these smaller projects that had their own change just migrate across onto the bigger, faster, better supported chains so they can focus on their business and not worry.
Speaker B: About if they're hitting scale like helium did. Like. With hundreds of thousands of users, millions of assets being tracked, it becomes a big undertaking to run your own. You could always use tendermint for small scale projects. I mean, that's battle tested, awesome technology. It's kind of like, think of Apache from the nineties. Like I want to roll my own website. I'm going to spin up Apache and not worry about it. It's single server with CDB or something simple or sqlite. That's probably the most dominant website the way to run a website right now still. But at some point you hit a certain amount of scale that if you have to hire specialists in that field to maintain your databases and maintain that technology, you're probably doing it wrong because there's open source solutions like Solana that are. Our entire team is full of specialists and that's all we do day in, day out.
Speaker C: Yeah, because I think some people thought that the value was going to accrue in the chain for a project like that. And so therefore, because they could issue a token, I think they're now realizing that actually it can stand on its own and applications layer on top of blockchain can accrue its own value and doesn't need to have a chain itself.
Speaker B: I don't think a layer one can accrue value from its inefficiencies. I think that's just not going to last to anyone that's true believer in capitalism, especially when you have something like open source software. It's a technology that anyone can improve and fork and build upon. It's going to become efficient very, very rapidly. So I don't think layer ones will be able to accrue value by being inefficient. They have to be optimally efficient at something and then have some other means to accrue value.
Speaker C: Do you think? I'm starting to think through that. This is probably going to be the last wave of layer ones that we see this next phase. There's a few more to come. We just had aptos. We've got Siri, we've got a few others. Then it feels like do we need any more layer ones?
Speaker B: I think you will always see with every step, function and technology, you should see new operating systems, new databases, new layer ones.
Speaker C: The world doesn't work that way in the fact that they don't actually always get traction because people traction is sticky. It's weird.
Speaker B: Everyone would have thought you don't need any more operating systems after Windows. But there was a use case that they couldn't fit into, which was running an os on everything, which Linux and BSD and whatever family of operating systems fit really really nicely. And you will see, you can think of Moore's law as every 20 years it's 1000 x difference and it's really really hard to predict what 1000 x means. It's just like really, really tough, right? So I believe we will see, we will always see some innovation, both in databases and like operating systems and layer one blockchains. But whether they will get the same kind of traction, that's probably true unless there's some paradigm shift or it's a.
Speaker C: Specific use case like derivative markets or something like that, because it's very hard otherwise. Once you've got a broad ecosystem where you can use all sorts of functionality, applications and there's a big developer group, if not, it's hard, it's very hard.
Speaker B: To compete with Windows on desktop. You're not going to build another windows, but Linux found its niche. I think you'll likely see that happening. Specialized niches being discovered by new, different implementations.
Speaker C: Do you think that you're going to see more migration of projects coming onto Solana and away from their own layer ones?
Speaker B: Yeah. So render, they didn't run on layer one, but they also want to migrate to Solana because they want the same cheap, fast transactions to handle a larger set of devices and datasets on chain. So I'm hoping. Right, obviously this is what we built Solana for, but as we see, I think crypto will definitely have traction in infra, in like kind of crowd based or whatever you want to call it, large scale coordination of infrastructure like helium and render. Like, I think it's obviously better than doing the stuff with like a giant corporation that has to go get like do all the stuff on its own. It's actually like, you know, way more efficient, like resource wise and things like deploy move much faster this way. So I think traction will definitely be there. I think my view is that a lot of these projects should run on Solana because how cheap we can guarantee the fees to be and access to state and stuff like that.
Speaker C: It also feels like, and I know this is one of these trendy things to say, but it feels that AI and blockchain are coming together and it feels like it's an obvious way to both allocate and pay for compute resources. Is just using a token system.
Speaker B: It depends. So there's the big question, is AI always going to be expensive? It's kind of an unknown question. That's never really happened in technology before. We rapidly.
Speaker C: No, it just goes like this always.
Speaker B: Yeah, we exponentially reduce the unit economic costs and everything that's useful in tech. But does AI just progressively get better with the more resources you throw at it? This is a big unknown. I doubt it. I think we will see inference drop really quickly in price. But there's an opportunity for these crowdsourced hardware platforms that are token incentivized physical networks to provide the resources to do inference at scale globally and training as well. And that could be really, really cool. So I think render is probably, I think, working on something like that, if not already.
Speaker C: The other thing is, I remember over the summer when everybody was getting ultra bearish over everything, and one thing that stood out to me was the amount of developer activity in Solana. It was a true north for me. When I was looking at it. It's like, this is fucking insane. You know, it was trading at $9 wherever it was, and this massive developer community was remaining vibrant. Your hackathons just seem to grow and grow and grow. I'm not trying to be this, this is not a Solana promotion piece, but it just, you know, I'm, I just observe it and you guys are just doing an astonishing job with getting people to do stuff.
Speaker B: Well, I think it's really, really hard to build a blockchain and you have to optimize for cost, right? Like the cost of transactions, cost of state throughput and finality and the size of the network. And like, we've, I think, been pushing on all of those fronts and it's a huge engineering effort and we've done pretty well. Like, I think it's the second largest smart contract platform by node count. So, like, invalidators in terms of validators. So there's massive decentralization, a lot of throughput, very low fees, and developers see that as kind of an unlock to do something that they couldn't do before. And that's really, really important. It's really, really hard to sell to devs. You have to give them a tool that they can't get anywhere else. That's kind of like the key part. Can you give them something that they can use as a superpower that they can't do anywhere else? And few technologies do that. I think Solana does that with, with its low fees that devs can just kind of like, okay, very, very cheap fees, fast transactions. What are the applications that I can build there? You know, they kind of start, you know, thinking about really cool things and that that's, I think the stickiness is it's not because the chain is like, has super great developer experience. Like, in fact, like, the joke is it's like eating glasses. And that's because, like, the sacrifices that we had to make to make the chain as that fast meant there's more complexity in the runtime or there's more developers have to do more work to take advantage of that speed. It's not easy to build something really fast in software because of how complex the hardware is. You have to actually write the software as a very thin layer on top of these very complex cpu's with multiple cores and big little architectures and caches and all this other stuff. If you really try to make the system fast, you're exposing a lot of the hardware design that's now become very complicated up to the application developer, and that means that they have to do more work. But that is actually, I think, an advantage, because that speed is really important in crypto.
Speaker C: So when you're looking out strategically, where is. I know you're an anything chain, but if you think strategically, is your focus on consumerization, that is, mass market or infrastructure, where do you think the really exciting future lies?
Speaker B: Yeah, well, I naturally gravitate towards things that have. First of all, it's an ecosystem. People are going in every direction, every which way. The company launched real estate on Solana. It's not a use case that would have thought of, because how often do you do real estate transactions? But they want a nice user experience for their users, so they want fast transactions. That means that when we pick a use case that really depends on that speed and throughput and large decentralization, it actually solves a problem for a lot of use cases that I haven't thought of. The stuff that I gravitate towards is actually, you know, central limit order books, like making sure that information in the system is synchronized as fast as possible, at close to the speed of light as possible around the world and as fairly as possible. That's a very, very hard problem, and it has very strict financial requirements, and it has these guarantees that are really, really hard to provide and takes a lot of work to get there. Fire dancers, like, the perfect example of that. If we want to have spreads on chain, on Solana, in these central limit order books that are as tight as binance or CME or whatever, the network has to be 100 times faster. The block times have to shrink to the point where we're competing with physics, where light is synchronizing around the world as fast as Solana. At that point, we will be competitive with CME, with binance. So to me, that's an exciting engineering problem, and I see there's real value creation there, because it now becomes an open platform that's competing with the biggest centralized financial institutions. That's really, really cool. But if we achieve that dialect, sticker packs now move even faster, you don't even notice. The signing experience becomes very slick. The users devs can build very delightful web. Three experiences for the users where the users are not even ever bothered by the fact that they're using crypto. And that's what could lead to mass adoption.
Speaker C: And how are you dealing with or thinking through stuff like music, video, all of that stuff that requires larger file sizes, different things, because it's obvious that it's got to come because everybody needs it that way.
Speaker B: So I think a layer one doesn't need to be a storage network. There's been awesome investment in engineering there from like folks like Filecoin, Arweave, Genesis Go. Genesis Go is a homegrown Solana one. They've done a really good job of providing really cheap storage. In fact, I believe we're moving from like AWS to these networks for storing like, the Solana dataset, the copies that we have. So, like, that technology, I think is awesome. And I think all the rich data that you're going to get from user created or now AI generated should go and be stored in something like Filecoin or Genesis Go. And Solana itself is there. The metadata layer. It's just tracking who owns what. And that's a very important layer. That's basically where vast majority of the work in a big web two company comes from, is working in the metadata layer, not the object storage.
Speaker C: And are you seeing people moving in the direction of these big consumer applications? I mean, the monster is like, we've seen how big YouTube is, we see how big Spotify is. All of these things where the big cultural phenomena, music and video and stuff are huge. Are you seeing people starting to understand that all of this can go on chain and it can create a different set of outcomes? Well, not yet.
Speaker B: Not yet. I wouldn't say yet. I don't think there's anything close to a competing TikTok or YouTube and web three, even though I think the technology is there to do it, you have to convince creators and users that it's worthwhile.
Speaker C: I kind of think it needs to come from the web two companies themselves, they're going to have to learn to destroy themselves. I knew the guys at Google pretty well and they were all scared of disrupting themselves until Microsoft came and pressed the nuke button. And they're like, fuck, we probably don't have an ad business anymore. And then they'll be less scared of web three because they were so scared of it, because of it. So I feel like there's lots of web three teams in all of those big web two players.
Speaker B: And maybe I'm very skeptical. I think these businesses, the vps there, see real revenues. They make billions of dollars from advertisement and all these other business models. For a company the size of Google or Apple, they have to see a billion dollar businesses in web three. And we're just not there yet. There's no way for them to run a playbook and get to a billion dollars or acquire somebody that's making a billion dollars in web three. I think the likely outcome is that, like Opensea Magic Eden, the marketplaces that have real revenue right now, I don't know how profitable they are, but let's hope that they're somewhat decently profitable. They should be the ones that now go to the next level, reach out to creators and start establishing these pipelines, and then Apple or Google acquires. That's like the more likely scenario of how a big web two company gets into web three. But even that, I think is still a ways out reality. I think we probably need like 20 companies the size of OpenSea magic Eden for one of them to get to that next level.
Speaker C: And the other thing I've been thinking through is obviously the digital id. That's one missing part that we need to operate across all of the system, particularly with AI and all of that. How are you thinking through that? Or what are you seeing?
Speaker B: The zero knowledge proves to generate, I think, secure digital attestations. I think those are already there. So you can do that.
Speaker C: It's the adoption, that's the hard things, the adoption of incumbent players.
Speaker B: So the problem, I think, is that the way that the laws are written in the United States for like, you know, ofac checks and things like that, is if you're, every person, every participant, right, is responsible to do their checks. They can't outsource them. So you can't rely on somebody else's checks to do that. Which is why like every, every time you onboard, you do another Kyc check. Just super annoying. I would guess that that might be fixable someplace in the world where they kind of bit more forward thinking on the consumer experience. Maybe in Europe they'll just be like, okay, everyone, you can all use a single layer. This is how that layer is defined. And then it'll get adopted.
Speaker C: But yeah, if the KYC layer can be governmentally run, then it's zero knowledge proof behind that it kind of works.
Speaker B: Potentially requires an act of Congress. Right? So the timeline on that is, who knows?
Speaker C: So that is my other question is, what is going on in the US regulation wise.
Speaker B: It just confusing.
Speaker C: It's really confusing. It just. It feels like there's a bigger agenda here that we're not really seeing. What's your take on the whole thing?
Speaker B: If a democracy is not a shit show, it's not a real democracy, right. I think that's the real truth of it. There's a lot of different opinions in the US on what crypto is, where it should go, but it's slowly. I'm actually pretty optimistic. In the conversations that I've had with folks in Congress, there's a bunch of them that get it. They get the benefits of transparency and decentralization and all of that, and they're looking for ways to actually do something substantial. My guess is there'd probably be a stable coin build this year. That could be a big unlock if we could actually build businesses on top of USDC and more companies could issue their own stable coins like USDC, fully backed, collateralized. You can actually start seeing the digital dollar adoption globally.
Speaker C: Yeah. Really interesting. I spoke to the team at Franklin Templeton. It feels like a boring old asset manager. They're running nodes all over the place. They've tokenized a money market fund. Well, that's a stablecoin. They said it's a stablecoin when we get the regulatory approval for it to be so.
Speaker B: Yep. So like, if that happens, I think you will actually start seeing currency competition. Like, us dollar will probably start competing very heavily on the consumer side with currencies around the world. I just like, it's a huge opportunity for the US to cement its influence around the world. And it would be a shame if they just shot themselves in the foot if let somebody else do it. And it's much harder, I think, for China or Japan or even the euro to establish itself as kind of a dominant consumer currency. I think it's just much, much harder. And if us just waits too long, it'll eventually happen. Somebody will do the right thing, pass laws, and get their currency digitized, and it'll be in every consumer obligation on the Internet.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, the world exists with some magical thing called the eurodollar, which nobody knows about, but it's a multi quadrillion dollar market that's kind of unmeasurable. But it's the movement of dollars offshore outside the United States. And it's gigantic. It's probably the world's biggest marketplace. And all stablecoins are, are fractionalized euro dollars. So somebody in the Philippines can buy $0.50 worth of euro dollars they don't get access to the dollar system, so it's a huge deal. And the US is going to have to cement its role, because if not, somebody else will take it.
Speaker B: Yeah, it would be such a shame.
Speaker C: Yeah, exactly. Right. So final question, what else is exciting for you? It's like you've got a lot going on. I don't know how you keep up with all of this, but the good thing is being open source is everyone's building on top of it, so you're not having to run all of this stuff. But what's getting you excited?
Speaker B: Probably like, fire dancer has been like the coolest thing, watching. So it's a team out of jump crypto. It's like led by the chief scientist, like Kevin Bowers. They're building a Solana validator from the ground up, rewritten in c and c, so optimized to the hill, and they're doing, I think, a really, really good job building it the way I wish it could have had. We had infinite resources of time, so it's really cool for that team to kind of see the start and end of the maze and be like, okay, the design is okay, the implementation can be improved, like 100 different ways, and they get to do it right. And some of the performance numbers that they're releasing and demos and stuff have been astounding. So, like, I. They're building the components, and their target is, can the system handle ten gigabits worth of throughput, which is a couple of million transactions per second, and everything so far seems to point to yes, and this is on commodity hardware. These are like intel chips you can buy off Amazon. This is not like anything special. No FPGA's yet or anything like that. So that's really exciting. And I think once they're done and we start to see it in testnet and then upgrade to Mainnet, that could be, I think, another step function for performance and cost. It could get us to that, like, holy shit. There's an open network run on commodity hardware that can give us, like, spreads as tight as binance. That would be, I think, really, really cool.
Speaker C: Fascinating. Listen, there's so much going on, and there's definitely a lot going on in Solana, so well done. Keep your head down. Let's keep going.
Speaker B: For sure. Thank you so much.
Speaker C: Yeah, always appreciate talking to you. Okay. As ever, quite a technical conversation with Anatoly. But the point being is that there is a huge amount of activity and innovation going on within Solana. And I think that's the key thing. If you think about network effects, it's not only the number of people who use the network, but it's the interconnectedness, the applications layer on top. And you can see that Solana has a very robust applications layer, second probably only to Ethereum itself. And that's why it firmly remains on my radar screen as we see how it grows out. I'm also really interested in the mobile phone now I'm an Apple user. Would I get rid of my Apple phone? Almost impossible. Could I have a second phone to navigate my web three world? Yeah, I'm actually very interested in that. And as Anatoly said, it's the build out of the first iteration before it kind of opens up for the broader web three world. And we can finally have that web three mobile experience to help scale this even further. So super interesting, and let's keep following the stories as it goes along. What's up, revolutionaries? Thanks for tuning in.
Speaker B: For more content like this, head over.
Speaker C: To realvision.com and get unfiltered access to the very best, brightest, and biggest names in finance.
