Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30. 30, baby get 30, baby get 20. 2020, baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint mobile.com switch $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker B: Hey, everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall. To get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance, join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten. That's podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Now, to the top analysis of today's crypto markets.
Speaker C: Has crypto weathered the banking storm? Welcome to Cryptoverse, a new real vision show live every Monday and Wednesday here on the platform and on YouTube. Here we focus on the big, interesting and promising developments in the world of crypto. I'm Ash Bennington. Today I'm joined by Kevin Meow, the head of, of credit at Block Tower Capital, the crypto investment firm. Of course, he's also a former vice president of structured products trading at Citi. Kevin, welcome to the show.
Speaker B: Thank you, Ash. It's great to be here.
Speaker C: So let's start in. We were talking about this off camera a little bit. Tell us about your title, what your role is and what you do at Blocktower.
Speaker B: Yeah, sure. So Block Tower, which just to give, I think you had mentioned prior to the show that Ari's been on a couple of times, our fearless leader, CIO and co founder. But Block Tower was started by Ari Paul and Matthew Goetz back in 2017. It's a digital asset manager that today runs a number of different strategies. And I joined last year about, actually 14 ish months ago, officially, to come on and basically launch the credit fund. And the credit fund at Block Tower is distinct from the other funds in the sense that we do not invest in crypto or crypto or digital assets or digital asset, adjacent equity or companies. We invest in traditional credit assets spanning the public and private space, but today primarily focusing on investment grade consumer asset backed securities, for example. But our strategy dictates that we take these assets and we securitize them into really kind of like the world's first institutional CLo that lives directly on Ethereum. We use a close partners technology stack of where the partners company called Centrifuge or a protocol called Centrifuge, and they built a series of smart contracts and UI UX to basically facilitate the onboarding, the creation and the ongoing just operations of collateralized loan obligation on chain. What does that actually look like? It means that we are out there going outsourcing traditional credit assets, selling them into off balance sheet spV, which is a traditional structure. But instead of issuing liabilities off of that SPV that are living in CUSIP form at DTCC, in this broken traditional financial system that we have currently, today, they live as effectively semifundable tokens on the Ethereum main net directly. And then we invest in those tokens alongside Makerdao, who is our senior financing counterparty. So it's definitely a unique spin on what is a pretty standard vanilla strategy in traditional structured credit.
Speaker C: Okay, so a lot there, a lot to unpack. Sure. People are trying to get their heads around what this structure is. First of all, let's start with the most obvious place. What are the assets that you guys are investing in?
Speaker B: Yeah, so primarily we're investing in investment grade, call it single a rated or triple b rated bonds. These bonds are backed by a pool of diversified, call it three to five year consumer loans. It could be auto loans, credit cards, solar leases, et cetera, things like that.
Speaker C: These are just traditional fixed income assets that you would see trading, for example, on a fixed income desk anywhere in the world.
Speaker B: Exactly. Yeah. We're not a digital asset fund. At least block tower credit. We are users of blockchain technology to basically streamline and eradicate the structuring fees and the ongoing fees of 14 different counterparties. In a traditional securitization that might take 30 basis points of fees per annum. We replicate all of that through, again, the great technology of our partners, centrifuge. And beyond that, eradicate that 30 basis points. And I think represents a real institutional proof of concept of what this technology can do for traditional markets in the future.
Speaker C: So basically, what you guys are doing is through this technology, you're finding less expensive ways to aggregate fixed income securities into an investable product that you can sell to institutionals, to institutions that then, with a lower cost basis, obviously improves the yield. That's the thesis, at least I would imagine, over time.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, for sure. That's, I would say, perhaps the first initial wedge. I mean, we have a much more expansive view of where this will likely go. In the future. But securitizations are a highly complex like beast in traditional, traditional markets. And I think when you're thinking about where the technology can really represent a ten x improvement, you want to go find the most broken parts of the traditional system. So we started with securitizations.
Speaker C: So what's broken for folks who don't have fixed income backgrounds? What's broken about the traditional system of securitization?
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. Well, not to shill an article that we wrote last summer, but we did. And I'm happy to send you the link after this, but we did guest post on Paki McCormick's blog about exactly this topic last year. It was a blog called not Boring. And basically, if I had to TLDR the whole situation on an ongoing basis, there may be a pool of, call it 50,000 loans, and each of those individual loans needs to be tracked. They have data attached to them. What, you know, who is the borrower, what is the interest rate, what is the maturity date, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. And all of these individual loans are basically being tracked in balkanized databases with different parties. So you've got an administrator, a paying agent, a calculation agent, a trustee, the custodian, et cetera. And everyone is in charge of basically keeping separate ledgers. And then the cost of reconciliation among those ledgers on a monthly basis, because the underlying 50,000 loans are paying at various different times, their principal or their interest, that all needs to be reconciled. Everybody needs to agree. And then at that point, there's a calculation agent who says, okay, well, we've received on these 50,000 loans, call it $10 million this month. Now I've got to go out and figure out the investors in this pool of loans, the senior investors, the junior investors, the equity investors, they're due x amount. Right? Right. And in order to calculate that, in the traditional markets, it's an excel file, right. And then it gets routed through the paying agent, who sends it to the bank account at DTCC, who then sends it to the individual prime brokers, who then sends it to the individual holders of the QCIPs. And so you've got all of these different counterparties moving money around, taking some fee out of it, but then also costing time. And there are a ton of errors in this process because obviously it's very, very difficult for just one person to do it, let alone five people to do it, or five individual databases to do this on an ongoing basis. But sounds like a consensus problem where you need a single source of truth. And that's where really this technology, I think, shines. Because now at this point, the way that we run it, and of course we're still early, there's still a long way to go in terms of the technological innovation that needs to happen for this to be truly scalable to the degree that we want it to be. But today all of the assets live as nfts directly on the Ethereum main net. Everybody has access to the same understanding of what are the loans, what are the payments coming in on an individual loan when these dollars are routed through to the senior interest or the senior bondholder and the junior bondholders and the equity bondholders or the equity holders. Each of those transactions, instead of being calculated and routed through an excel file to five different bank accounts in DTCC and the prime brokers, it's all being done automatically through smart contracts and the distributions are made automatically to the holders of the senior notes or the junior notes. I think replicates or represents a proper step function improvement in the administration of a securitization. Not the pricing, not the investment, but just the fact that this entire system of what a securitization is, is able to operate in real time.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's so fascinating actually, for people, particularly on the crypto side, who aren't familiar with the way fixed income markets work. I worked on the floor of a bank some 20 years ago, 5ft away from the fixed income high yield trading desk, and then it was 20 years lagged. So if they've moved up 20 years in the last 20 years, they're still 20 years behind. This process is just extraordinarily manualized and everybody wants to grab a few bips at every hop in the process.
Speaker B: Exactly. Yeah. And it's a, you know, it's, it's quite an interesting problem that I think many players have tried to solve in the past. Right. But the technology and the desire to find a new consensus model hasn't really existed in the past. But for example, there are companies out there like trade web or market access that provide electronic trading venues for investment grade bonds. And they are objectively a much better platform where they had always been objectively a much better platform to transact on a peer to peer OTC basis these investment grade assets. But the supply and the demand was constricted or controlled by the oligopoly of Wall street banks, of which I used to work for one at Citigroup. And so the only way that these companies were able to actually get the supply and the demand on the platform was to sell significant portions of their equity to the large institutions in order to incentivize the cities and the bank of Americas of the world to use that platform. Right. And the reason that I bring that up is because it is like the system isn't just gonna change on its own, right. It needs to have some sort of incentive, or it needs to have some sort of like, just collective, consensus driven idea of, wait a second, we need to improve this. We need to, we need to collectively get better. But if you look at what's happened on, in traditional finance, outside of what's been going on in the, you know, like with distributed ledger technology or blockchain technology, or these things that are happening inside of banks, like, they have already made serious, like, inroads in this direction. Like, they already know that we need to modernize the effectively middle office and back office functions of everything that we do. So at Citi, an example of this is Citi had spun out a company called Oktura, which basically uses like, is an electronic trading platform for leveraged loans, or Clos directly, has nothing to do with blockchain technology, but was done in, in a consortium with a number of the other major banks on Wall street. So what that says is, all right, wait a second. These guys are starting to realize the revenue side of our equation as a Wall street bank is probably not going to increase dramatically. We're not in some hypergrowth like mode. We're mature companies, like very, very mature companies at this point, especially after getting neutered after the financial crisis. And so now it's all about cost efficiency. And so they're focusing on technologies that can create cost savings for them and obviously deliver better profits for their shareholders. At the same time, you've got some of the biggest leaders in this space. Right. Despite Jamie Dimon saying bitcoin is a fraud and obviously not going to go, I don't agree with him on that whatsoever. But, like, what he does talk about is blockchain technology. What JPMorgan does focus on is using Onnx, for example, their internal private blockchain to settle swaps cross country. They just used a fork of AAvE and a fork of uniswap to do a swap of tokenized singaporean dollars for japanese yen. What both of these things tell me is not only is there a desire for technology, for innovation, to help lower their cost structure, the most innovative banks, the ones that are the furthest ahead, are actually looking to defi for the frontier of innovation, and they're looking towards this technology in particular, blockchain technology, the smart contracts that have been tried and tested on it already, obviously, it needs to be repurposed for the use cases of a JP Morgan. But there is an opportunity, there is a desire today to use that technology to make the traditional capital markets, as they are today, significantly better. And that's a huge opportunity. That's what Larry Fink talks about when he says, the CEO of BlackRock, when he says tokenization of real world assets is the next generation of finance. We are proving it with what we do at block tower credit. But the broader industry as a whole is coalescing around this as a real path forward for what traditional capital markets will look like in the future. Trey?
Speaker C: Yeah, listen, this is a fantastic conversation about the future of capital markets, the intersection of digital asset markets and capital markets and the technology that's going to power it. Listen, if you're listening to this conversation, come on in and join it with us. Put down your questions in the chat wherever you're watching. We'll ask the best ones on air later in the show. Remember, real vision members take priority, but the good news is, of course, real vision crypto membership is free. Go to real vision.com forward slash crypto to sign up to be able to get priority in these conversations. Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auction auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless dollar 30 Biddy get 20. 2020 Biddy get 2020. I better get 15. 1515, just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at mint mobile.com switch $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for a limited time unlimited. More than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker C: Kevin so, you know, basically, I've heard two points that you've made here. The first is efficiency in terms of cost efficiency, and the second is speed and accuracy of these calculations. I'd add a question about a third. I think lots of folks who've watched the big short, remember the Jenga Tower scene where you have a whole bunch of asset backed securities being stacked precariously, perilously on a tower. Nobody knows what the hell is in them. You can't see underneath the surface. The information is far too fragmented, far too manualized, far too paper driven thoughts about some of the potential this technology that you guys are working on and some of the ideas conceptually on the capital market side can have on truly modernizing capital markets from the perspective of data transparency?
Speaker B: Yeah, no, that's a great question. I mean to start I would have to say, and I would have to be honest and admit that data transparency was an extremely like, was probably one of the only areas of innovation post crisis in traditional like securitization markets. And so you know, top of mind, a company called DV Zero one that was recently purchased by Fitch is a phenomenal company that basically provides daily updates on an individual loan by loan basis of all the assets sitting in certain asset classes within a securitization like all of the individual loans. So that Jenga block kind of idea of what it was pre crisis where you're basically looking at a black box. You have no idea what's in there. You have no idea how it's performing. That is not how the markets work today. It's not perfect, but it's significantly better than it was already in the past. But that doesn't mean it can't get better. Right? So I think the major difference in terms of what we would want to see is and what this technology can really bring I think in the future is transparency where it's not gatekeeped, right. Where this information is not just available to the owners of that particular security or those who can pay 1020, 30, 40, $50 million in order to get access to this like database. Right. You know for, for a hedge fund, sure that's, you know, the cost of doing business. But for, but there is a. I would be willing to bet that there's a huge cost associated with that information not being democratized, not being disseminated widely. And, and for me that's a huge, you know, we actually mentioned this in the not boring article. Like that's a huge I think, room, like white space for how this technology can really, really improve things in the future. Right? Imagine, imagine if all of our individual debt for example was on chain and in whatever environment. I can totally understand why many of the crypto people would listen to me say this and just be like, oh man, here we go. Just someone wants to put all their debt and docks themselves on chain and yeah, I mean in some cases that is kind of the direction that I'm about to go. But you know, it's, it's a choose your own adventure thing. So I just want to like say that at the, at the outset, but imagine a universe where all of this information, you know, all of your, like, loans, all of your payments, all of this, you know, everything that someone would need to assess your creditworthiness, right? Was available on chain. Now, the way that it works off chain, the way that it works in our traditional system today, is you have the three major credit bureaus here in the United States. They go out and they find, or they have a network of banks who report your information on your behalf to the credit bureaus, the credit bureaus, and take it from Capital one, Bank of America, Citigroup, whatever. And then they say, hey, we've got all of this information. We're going to put it all and condense it into a FICO score, and then we're going to tell you, the lender, or we're going to sell this information to someone else so that they can make a loan to you with data. But effectively, what's happening is the credit unions are collectively bargaining our data on our behalf and selling it to the lenders, who then use it to charge us interest. Now, in a perfect world, if all of this stuff was, I would say, while we could, in a way that we could still maintain privacy, which I think is critically important in this world that I'm mentioning right now. But if you could do that. But the information associated with us was available where they knew that we were credit worthy, they knew that we made our loans on time or that we made our payments on time. They knew whatever it was that is necessary in order for someone to extend us unsecured credit. Then ultimately we might be able to eradicate a massive amount of costs just from the credit bureaus no longer being necessary because we already own our data, or the data is already in the public domain. And now it's up to lenders to come and take that information, train their models, and say, all right, well, now I'm going to compete on giving this person the lowest cost of capital or the lowest interest rate versus the system that we have today, which is just a more convoluted way of everybody getting out their bps in the middle or getting out their fee in the middle for facilitating all of this.
Speaker C: Yeah. And by the way, also, I think one of the interesting things about blockchain technology is the promise to have the users of that, the owners of that data control the access so that they have the ability to control who can see what for how long, at what level of granularity, for what purpose, in what context, and then to revoke it on demand by the owner of that data. Very different, very different system than where we are today.
Speaker B: Totally agree. I think that's the, you know, for me, that's one of the major things that excites me about this space. I mean, we're talking about extremely, admittedly boring and nuanced and like, kind of granular things, which I think ultimately we have to do, because if you're going to change anything at scale, you've got to really deeply understand why the system exists as it is today. But all that being said, the end state of this and what we will get out of it is not efficiency. It's not just efficiency. Right. That's the easiest thing to sell. It's the easiest thing to kind of like point to and say, hey, today we can do this in a more efficient manner. But there are so many other possibilities down the road when this tech, like, when this happens. And that's what we're really, like, focused on. In fact. Like, that's one of the reasons why we work with centrifuge on public blockchains like JPMorgan, Onyx, all of these other, like, chains, for one reason or another, right. Primarily because of regulatory compliance reasons. They are private walled gardens. Like, we don't believe in that here. We believe that, to be honest, not too dissimilar from the bankless guys Ethereum is going to be, or something like it, or a network of different chains will be the global settlement layer of all assets. We are just, I think we are just playing one narrow role of that. But what happens when our data, our credit data, what happens when our browsing data, what happens when whatever asset that we own, whether it's digital or real, lives on the same settlement chain, I think that unlocks a lot of possibilities and a lot of economic justice, honestly, for the inhabitants of the world. Yeah.
Speaker C: And obviously not an endorsement of any one particular product or protocol. But when we talk about this here on Fed day, we're some 90 minutes away from a rate hike decision. Obviously, this has macroeconomic implications as well. If you can't see risk, you can't price risk. If you can't price risk, you can't hedge risk. If you can't hedge risk, then you need a larger role by central banks to continue to manage the flow of credit to the economy, to balance for their key variables, which are, of course, employment and price stability. So something that in the longer term has some macroeconomic aggregate utility. We've talked a lot here, and I'm mindful of the fact that you're a finance guy, but we've talked a lot about the back end on the finance here. Let's talk a little bit about the technology. What are you guys doing over at block tower in terms of the solution set, what is the stack look like? How are you implementing it?
Speaker B: Yeah, so you mean just in terms of, like, how are we doing our core fund today?
Speaker C: Yeah, how are you doing your core fund today in terms of how you're going to make it available on public blockchains for sales and trading?
Speaker B: Yeah, no, it's. So I would start with this. Most of the technology on the CLO side is run by, or is created and run by a company called Centrifuge, who we work very, very closely with. And I would also disclose here, I should have done this earlier, that we are investors in centrifuge across, like, block power's family of funds. But what they do is they create this smart contracts that live on top of Ethereum. They're also working on their app chain called cent chain, which I would say does many of these things, but on orders of magnitude more efficient level. But just speaking about our core, the way that we run it today on Ethereum mainnet, we use their smart contracts in order to execute this transaction. And while it sounds extremely complicated, like in a traditional kind of, when I talk about what these securitizations look like in the traditional world, in the blockchain ecosystem, it's still very complicated, but much simpler. But that's one component. So our investments are basically funded through the sale of these on chain liabilities, the on chain senior and junior tokens. And that entire process is, or that entire technological stack is created by centrifuge. And we're extremely happy with that internally. Right. Then we've got to figure out, really, I would say two major things that any institutional purchaser of debt on chain will have to figure out in the future. The first one is on and off ramps. The second one is custody. So custody, we, I would say we use a suite of different qualified custodians as well as self custody, like software providers, like fireblocks on the on and off ramps. We use circle, we use coinbase, basically. There. The major necessity of doing that is until we can buy bonds directly on chain that live directly, or that are natively issued on chain, which I do hope to see the day, one day in the future. Until that's true, though, we need to purchase bonds into our custodial accounts. So we use a custodian, a traditional custodian called Wilmington Trust. In Wilmington Trust's case, they settle bonds via the traditional system. In DTCC, it's a t two settle. In order to do that, we've got to take the dollars or we've got to take USDC, which is how we are USDC or DAi. Actually, Makerdao's decentralized stablecoin. We've got to take that and convert it into dollars. And those dollars have to sit and be wired in the traditional financial system to Wilmington Trust in order to settle the bonds because DTCC or the seller of the bonds to us is not going to accept USDC. So I would say on the on and off ramp side, obviously that's where, as you mentioned, with the banking and everything that's happened this month, it's been an interesting experience to say the least.
Speaker C: Preston, let's talk a little bit about that. Talk a little bit about the impact to the business that you guys experienced directly with Silvergate and signature. Did you guys have any direct exposure? How has this impacted the business model in the short term and in the longer term in terms of your thinking and lessons learned?
Speaker B: Yeah, man, definitely have a lot of thoughts here. We did bank with both Silvergate and signature. We did not have any negative economic exposure whatsoever. And signature is our primary bank. We are onboarded with a number of other banks, which I would say is unique to us and very positive. It was a positive situation for us in a unique way because we already straddled both worlds. We already straddled the traditional financial world where we had the ability to deposit cash in our custodial account, for example, in money market accounts, when other crypto funds or other crypto only institutions that perhaps only had Silvergate or signature as their banking partner were kind of out of luck, whereas we had a number of different outlets because of the nature of our business. So we were okay from that front. But I think the two immediate impacts are one of them is obviously deep, especially when you were talking about fixed income instruments, where you're going to get par and interest back. Efficiency is everything. I started this entire conversation talking about the efficiencies of blockchain technology, but all of that is eradicated if all of a sudden USDC is trading at $0.90 in the dollar, in order to fund dollar 100 worth of assets, I've got to find $111 or whatever it is out of USDC. From that perspective. I think we navigated it well simply by just not transacting at that point in time, because we don't necessarily have to. But at the same time, you can't be inert forever. At some point we're going to have to go back and navigate this kind of ecosystem. And obviously at this point, things have kind of like recovered back to parity. But in the event of DPEGs, that is a significant risk for anybody who is doing anything in the real world similar to us. Because if you got to go back and forth in between these real worlds, the exchange rate between these two assets is highly critical. The second piece of it, and I think this is just a longer term thing that again, we were in a unique position just because we already had a fair number of redundancies in terms of what other things we could do with cash. But going forward, I think all of 2022 and 2023 is just a constant reminder of how much counterparty risks exists at every part of the stack, right? So if you think it's one thing to be thinking about smart contract risk, and I and a lot of the things that are unique to the digital domain, but that's not how you run a business, right? Like every business, like there's no business that's fully on chain, every business like straddles the two worlds. And if you're straddling the two worlds and you're thinking about, all right, well, here are my core banking partners, my core centralized exchanges that I work with, my core technological partners. I dont know if people in this industry were building redundancy at every layer and certainly at the banking layer, many people take it for granted because its a bank. I think this is not unique to crypto, but I think everybody is now realizing, wait a second, even our banks are things in which we have to be thinking about counterparty exposure thats fairly unique to the situation that were in right now versus even just a couple months ago. And again, it's true for everybody. And so I think going forward, the major thing is understanding what are the critical services that I need to run the business, both in the digital and the non digital domain. And then how do I build as much redundancy into each of these as possible? Right? Instead of having just one bank account, do I have four? Instead of just having one on an off ramp, can I find three? And I think it sounds a little ridiculous to say because I think for us as an institutional fund, we're already much more sophisticated in terms of that, because that's what it takes to manage risk, that's what it takes to pass a DDQ, for example, from an institutional investor. But I think it's something that every startup, every company, every fund in the spaces is thinking about top of mind right now, and I think it's a good thing long term.
Speaker C: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real vision crypto daily briefing.
Speaker D: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this, for the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what. With each vendor, Ramp's software collects and verifies receipts instantly. To save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments. Time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get dollar 250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy. Ramp.com easy ramp.com easy cards issued by.
Speaker B: Sutton bank and celtic bank members of DIC. Terms and conditions apply.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's so interesting to hear you talk about this mix of expertise that you need to survive in this space. Obviously, you have to have the core competencies on the digital asset, distributed ledger, tech blockchain, digital asset space, which is obviously a very complex and richly ramified space in itself. And then additionally, you need to have the traditional finance banking relationships, uh, understanding and experience to make that work. It really is just a tremendous amount of stuff in that intersection of those two sets where you have to be able to be competent to participate and play in the space.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I think, you know, when you, you know, I think the way that you just said it is actually pretty phenomenal, right. Because when you think about what's happening with this idea of tokenizing asset, real world assets in general, like, there's a ton of momentum going in that direction, there's no doubt about it, right? And so if you look at all these major institutions, Hamilton Lane, KKR, they want to tokenize aspects of their fund. They want to tokenize assets that people are doing bond issuances in digital token native digital token form. But the question is, like, or the desire is right. Here's a new form of distribution. This distribution is going to be more efficient because it's next generation technology. But I'm also going to access new buyers, perhaps buyers that couldn't meet minimum investment thresholds prior, but now they can because the efficiency of this system allows us to more efficiently or more profitably sell our financial product to an accredited investor or non accredited investor, whatever it is. But the problem is, where are the investors? Because the investors are us. And so we're out there going and we have a very, very, I would say, unique skill set in order to understand how to do all of this stuff. But the barrier to entry is still so high. Right. We work in a digital asset native institution. We are digital asset natives ourselves. And it is like, and obviously we have traditional financial credit backgrounds so that we can do a lot of the things that we're doing safely. But that's a huge, huge barrier to entry. We're doing it because we're missionaries about this, to be honest. This isn't easier than what we're doing. Until we can do everything on chain, we'll always have to run two systems in parallel. They always have to run the traditional system, the distributed system. And so from our perspective, what we aim to do over time is to, one, prove to people that this technology works right, and has the benefit, or like actually prove out the benefits of why people are tokenizing assets in the first place. But then at the same time to develop the understanding the technology, the products around. How do you onboard all of these institutions who are not going to go out there and try to figure out like, you know, all of like the intersection of all these different like circles in this Venn diagram, they just want a product, they just want something to work. Right. And so in order to do that, you've got to actually do it. Nobody was doing it. That's why we started this vehicle.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker B: But yeah, long term, I think that that's like the way that you said it was just such a like perfect way to articulate it. It's like you've got to have all of these different core competencies in order to do it. And that's not how you get to adoption. You get to adoption by reducing the amount of core competencies that you need to use a technology that everybody already knows is better.
Speaker C: Yeah. And the interesting thing about it is that's the challenge as well as the glory. If it were easy, everyone would be doing it. If you didn't have to run essentially these two sets of ledgers simultaneously, there wouldnt be the opportunity in the market to come in and simplify and systematize everything thats in front of us, Trey.
Speaker B: Exactly. Exactly. Very well said, Trey.
Speaker C: Yeah, its a great conversation. Maybe next time when we have you back, well bring you in with centrifuge and well have a conversation about that. If theyd be willing to join us. We could have a roundtable conversation about how you guys are doing this. I just think this is spectacularly interesting. And its something that anyone who has spent even 20 minutes working in fixed income, who've seen how dysfunctional that space is, knows just how many inefficiencies there are. You look at this technology, it's so obvious to see how it can be used. But as always, Devil is in the details. The implementation is non trivial on how to actually go from where we are today to where the puck is clearly heading in the future.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, 100%. You know, it's something that requires, I think, intellectual honesty from the builders in this space about how challenging that's going to be. Right. And so part of the reason we work with many people across all of Block Tower's funds, and all of them are incredibly intelligent, ambitious. They have visions of the world as it ought to be. And I think that that's what's so exciting about working in crypto in general. But you don't get to where you ought to be without solving many little problems along the way. And so with us, with the work that we do with centrifuge and a number of other core strategic partners, it is trying to figure out together, because we don't know all the answers either, but it's trying to figure out together, wait a second. What are all the problems that we need to solve for ourselves in order to get ourselves fully on chain, such that in the future, we can then take this information and we can bring everybody on chain when it's not a, you know, after we've kind of, like, been the tip of the spear and, you know, I mean, certainly in many ways, like, out of our vehicle, we profit from that, but at the same time, it's not that much profit. Like, it's not, you know, we're not doing this for the money. Right? Like, if we. If I was, if I wanted to, like, just make a bunch of money, I certainly would have left my cushy job before, because that was just significantly easier than what we're doing today.
Speaker C: But less money, more challenge. What more could you want?
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. I mean, you know, to be honest, I think it just all comes down to, why are you doing it? Right? What is the like, what is the light at the end of the tunnel. Why is this ladder worth climbing? Like, to be honest, again, we talk about efficiency. We talk about some of these things that are a little bit more tangible and easier to understand because that's how you sell it to the traditional financial system. But the future and the promise of all of this stuff being in, I would say, like, a global public settlement ledger is immense. There's so many things that are possible. On top of that, there's so much more democratization of access to information, of access to capital. And that's what, that's what capitalism is like. That's what, that's the direction that I want to see everything go. And this just so happens to be a really, I think, a unique wedge that we are able to kind of press here, but we're just one group of people pressing a wedge in an industry where there are hundreds of other wedges being pressed by teams that are more impressive than us doing it in different ways and different markets. And so it's such an exciting time to be here, despite everything that's happening. Yeah.
Speaker C: And it's also just the thrill of building something new, getting to create something that doesn't exist before, of getting to, uh, actually solve real world problems. I mean, I. I remember, uh, many years ago working, uh, in high yield, and one of the guys who ran a desk, uh, said to me, you know, I'm idiot. Plus an 8th. All I do all day is just bid bonds. I could do this in my sleep. You know, if I want to accumulate a position, I just bid paper at an 8th higher than every other than the rest of the street, and I buy it and I make a ton of money. Uh, he didn't say this, uh, fondly. He said this because he was bored out of his mind.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, no, it's. Yeah, I mean, when I started at the desk at Citi, there was like, there was all these, like, kind of the early fin meme pages of, like, the sell side monkey guys just sitting there, like, clicking, I don't know, whatever, f nine. And just like, going back and forth in, like, Bloomberg chats and. And to be honest, I read it at first and I was like, this is funny, but it's also sad. And I do also distinctly remember, because if you think about what securitizations are, securitizations are just a box. The cash flow could be anything. It could be auto loans, could be aircraft leases. It could be drug royalties, music royalties. All of these things, they exist. Anything that's a promise of future cash flows you can put it in a box, put it with a bunch of other homogenous assets, run statistical analysis on it, get it rated, do different tranches, and then boom, there you go, you have a securitization.
Speaker C: Speaking of, it could be anything in digital and cash flows more generally. This is a question that just came in. It's a great one and I wanted to get to it jump because I know you only have a few more minutes left. This one comes to us from Ralph on the real Vision website. Did you look at or invest in the six year native digital bond issued by the city of Lugano? Of course, in Switzerland. Any thoughts on that offering?
Speaker B: Yeah, so we have kind of like a narrow focus in terms of what we're investing in for a variety of different reasons, primarily because of our professional competence. So we don't have professional competence looking in those types of assets primarily like foreign or em kind of jurisdictions with munis. We do follow all of these transactions that use digital asset technology to, to issue new bonds. In fact, actually today one of our portfolio companies just profiled in Bloomberg PBO one, which is coming out and looking to do secondary bond trading. The former founders of B two, C two are leading that company. And then on top of that, you've seen things come out of London with digital, kind of the first digital UK pound denominated bond. Hong Kong has done this with green bonds already a number of times on Goldman Sachs like digital asset platform. So we're definitely aware of all of that and we've looked at it, but we haven't invested into the deals directly because our professional confidence comes in to traditional consumer, us denominated consumer assets.
Speaker C: Makes sense. We also want to show our viewers this clip from the latest Raoul pals ventures in crypto. Raoul spoke with Brett Tejpal and Greg Tussar from Coinbase Institutional. You can sign up for free@realvision.com to watch that video in full when it comes out this Friday. Here's a snippet. Take a look.
Speaker B: How difficult is it to build ahead of something as opposed to something that's happening? I mean, obviously you guys are very big in the institutional space, but you kind of have to build a business. What I'm trying to get to is this cyclicality you talked about. It's really hard building businesses for the future in a volatile asset class. How do you guys think about that?
Speaker E: It's an interesting product challenge when you think about our product roadmap and making sure the lesson from startup life is have a plan for the world. You see not the world you want. It's easy to have a plan for the world you want. The world we see is one where there are lots of institutions that are activating already and building for them and their use. Case in the here and now, while making sure we're generalizing so that we announced last year a partnership with Aladdin and Blackrock, and the needs of that echelon of client are a little bit different and we need to be building for that. But we can't be so far ahead of the world we see that were not building a viable and sustainable and financially sound business. Also, thats a tricky balance to strike. But I think whats important, and I think the benefit that we have as a company and one of our superpowers actually, is we have a lot of people who have a good first principles, understanding of what those customers want, but also deep crypto knowledge to understand whats happening in the here and now. And I think the combination of those cultures and those skills and so forth is a really unique blend for Coinbase and something that I think sets us apart from a lot of people in crypto who have one or the other, but not both.
Speaker C: Preston it's interesting, I'm just seeing that clip for the first time myself, but I had to chuckle when Greg Tussar was speaking there. I've interviewed Greg a number of times here on real vision myself. And it's such an important point distinction between building for the world that you see and not for the world that you wish you lived in. That must be something that you guys face a great deal. Talk a little bit about how you stay anchored to the here and now, how you stay anchored to the current market demand.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, it's a great, it's a great question. I mean, we're in a little bit of a different perspective because we are one of the clients, right, of a coinbase. Like, we are the user, we are the fund itself. And so the reason that we chose to do this in the first place is because capital is the most important thing to get this, like, flywheel started, right, in any network. Like, in order for us, like, we could go out and we could go build the technology that tokenizes assets, but there would still not be anybody on the other side who wants to buy those tokenized assets. And so we, because we have a pretty, again, pretty unique backgrounds and the ability to go out and engender belief because of our professionalism, I guess, is probably how I distill fundraising. We use that to our advantage to go out, obviously generate exciting returns, but then go and generate the capital to jumpstart or bootstrap the demand side of the network. So we are the today, when I listen to them, and we've had a number of conversations with Coinbase about exactly this type of stuff, and we are that institution today that they are working with to try to build, I would say, the future. But in terms of building the business of what we're doing and where we're going in the future, to be honest, I was also, obviously, my first time listening to that quote, and it was such a, such an, like, it resonated deeply with me, because one thing that I always say to my team here is we've got to keep one, like, we've got to keep an eye on ten years down the road, but we've got to keep, like, our two focal points are ten years down the road, and what's directly ahead of us and what's directly ahead of us is going out and figuring out how are we going to continue every day to make progress and bringing everything that we're doing on chain and mapping out all the problems that we need to solve. And the ten year vision is, wait a second. Well, everybody is going to be using this technology, and how do we build the technology, or how do we build the processes and the services and the standards such that when everybody else comes on chain, they're not figuring out things, like, from the ground up for us. Like, we've already figured out what are the important things that need to be figured out, what are the important services that need to be created in order for that future to happen. But, yeah, again, the beautiful thing is we are not alone in doing this. Every major institution in traditional finance and or in digital assets, they're focused on tokenization of real world assets. This is a major theme in, like, crypto today. That is kind of ironic, right? Like, it's not what crypto is, but it's clear it's a clear trend. Right. And that's what's exciting about it right now, is there's a collective kind of, you know, attempt by the entire. By both sides of the fence to merge these two worlds together. And there isn't going to be one winner, there's going to be a ton. But whoever figures out how to solve major problems is going to build world changing companies. There's no doubt about it. Yeah.
Speaker C: Such an important point about keeping your eye ten years in the future while simultaneously focusing on the present. It's a key challenge in innovation, in business, and, of course, in life. Kevin's spectacular conversation. I really did enjoy this one. Final thoughts, key takeaways that you'd like to leave our audience with?
Speaker B: No, I think we covered a lot. I mean, Ash, it's a pleasure talking to you. You're a phenomenal interviewer and also just, you have a great, great voice. I don't know if anyone's told you that yet, but yeah, I think if you guys want to reach or if anyone wants to reach out anytime, feel free to ping us@creditlocktower.com. we are, yeah. Laser focused on this topic, on this trend. And so for any builders in the space or anyone who's interested, feel free to reach out anytime. And we're happy to trade thoughts. And, yeah, other than that, it's a pleasure and appreciate the time.
Speaker C: I hope we can do it again soon. Thank you so much for joining us, Kevin.
Speaker B: For sure. Thank you.
Speaker C: That's it for today. Remember to go sign up for real vision crypto.
Speaker B: It's free.
Speaker C: Go to realvision.com crypto. Make sure to check out our special extended edition of Real Vision daily briefing today. The team will kick it off at 03:30 p.m. for the post fed analysis. We'll be back on Monday with amanda. Cassette from serotonin at 09:00 a.m. pacific, 12:00 p.m. eastern 05:00 p.m. if you're in London, live on real vision cryptoverse. Thanks for watching, everybody. Have a great afternoon.
