Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30. 30 baby get 30 baby get 20. 2020 baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month, so give.
Speaker A: It a try at mint mobile.com switch.
Speaker C: $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time Unlimited more than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker B: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance. Join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten. That's podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Now to the top analysis of today's crypto markets.
Speaker D: Gary Gensler says all proof of stake tokens are securities. What does it mean for crypto if his view prevails? Plus, no crypto is reportedly a condition in a signature bank sale, and us lawmakers are going through crypto protocols to see what's palatable to both parties. Welcome to Real Vision Crypto Daily briefing. I'm ash Bennington. Today I'm joined by Ram Alewalia and Perianne Boring. Welcome back to the show.
Speaker C: Both great to be here.
Speaker B: Thanks for having me.
Speaker D: Well, guys, relentless news flow this week. But before we get to that, let's take a look at the latest price action, starting with some macroeconomic news we've just heard from the European Central bank. The ECB has raised rates by another 50 basis points, one half of 1%. Despite turmoil we've seen in the european banking sector looking at cryptocurrency prices, it's down across the market today. The total crypto market cap is down around 1% on coin gecko bitcoin is down around 1% compared to this time yesterday. It's trading at just under $25,000. It's been a sterile, stellar week for bitcoin, though it's up some 15% on a trailing seven day basis. Looking at ether, it's been doing worse than bitcoin lately. Ether is down close to 3% over the past 24 hours. Either is weekly gain of 8% is also much more modest than bitcoins. This comes as Ethereum completed the Shanghai upgrade on the Gourley testnet, which is the final step before the main net upgrade. We're also keeping an eye on us. DC, the second largest stable coin, has regained its peg to the us dollar. Circle, the company behind USDC, says it cleared, quote, substantially all of the backlog of minting and redemptions. Circle says it redeemed $3.8 billion worth of USDC and minted 800 million worth of USDC since Monday. Okay, viewers, join us in the conversation. Put down your questions in the chat wherever you're watching. We'll ask the best ones on air later in the show. Remember, real vision, crypto members take priority. But the good news is, of course, realizing crypto is free. With that said, let's bring in our guests. Perriann boring is the founder and CEO of the Chamber of Digital Commerce, a pro crypto lobbying group in Washington. And Ram Alewalia is the CEO of Lumita, a digital assets investment company. Ram, let's start with you. Give us your thoughts on where we are right now in this market.
Speaker B: Well, there are a couple of layers to what's happening in the market right now. Of course, you see the rally in bitcoin, which I believe is driven by market expectations of a US Fed policy. We saw market policy expectations were around 50 bps rate increase on March 23. Now markets are expecting between zero to 25 bps. So that's 1 second. Of course you've seen increased regulatory bank seizures. I know there's a big population of crypto natives that want to go bankless. No one ever thought we'd be going bankless in this way. With three banks that are suspending operations or in receivership by the FDIC. And a lot of questions around what were the motivations behind recent reporting for signatures bank receivership, as well as their suspension of crypto services. And I think the third story that we should get into is the rotation of corporate treasures out of deposit accounts into money market funds and that the bind that that creates for the Federal Reserve.
Speaker D: Perenne Ram just gave us the overview. From a financial perspective, where are we? What's the broader backdrop from the political context?
Speaker C: Well, it's probably been just an incredible week for a digital asset policy, but all eyes are on the banks. And from our perspective at the chamber of digital commerce, a lot of things that have happened in the banking sector are predictable. It really highlights how fragile the banking and carry system is. And a lot of digital asset companies, crypto companies, but companies of all types across the United States are. This is a wake up call of just how leveraged our financial system is. And a lot of our people are starting to understand the risk they have taken on. If they have over $250,000 deposited in their bank, they are unsecured creditors to the bank. And a lot of people, a lot of companies just aren't comfortable with taking that risk, and frankly, they should not have to. I thought it was really interesting. Jeremy Allayer, the CEO of Circle, you mentioned USDC earlier. I think they really navigated through this quite well, given the circumstances. But he said that the focus has been on how to protect banks from crypto. But in reality, it's how do we protect crypto from the banks in these types of market failures? So there's a lot of political theater. But I think at the end of the day, policymakers should be looking to new and innovative technologies like blockchains and digital assets to bring more stability and transparency to the markets, and they should step away from this highly critical tone towards digital assets.
Speaker D: Well, I definitely agree with you about stepping away from the critical tone around digital assets, and certainly also about the importance of innovation in the space. Let me just push back on this idea that banks are generally unsafe or problematic in terms of these types of runs for two reasons, particularly for individuals. We did see a backstop of the banking system here by the Fed, by the FDIC, and by treasury. And second, it's very hard for most people to have more than $250,000 in deposits in a bank, in cash and demand deposit accounts. 500,000 for couples. Typically, individuals have that in a brokerage account and US treasury securities and even certificates of deposit. So it's not exactly like a massive problem that people run around with here in the United States thinking, oh, my God, my bank failed and I lost a huge amount of money. That's generally not something that happens. Talk a little bit about why you think that this is something. I get the case for businesses, right? The understanding that it's really problematic or challenging. 250,000 is not a lot of working capital for a business to have in cash. Very often, that number is easily exceeded by what their demands are. But talk a little bit about what you see the digital future here being in terms of how the banking system can be both more accommodative for crypto and more beneficial to individuals.
Speaker C: Well, you know, one of the proposals on the table is a full reserve bank. This is something that, by the way.
Speaker D: What does that mean for people who may not know?
Speaker C: Right. So there are no full reserve banks in the United States today. Today, banks operate on what's called fractional reserves, meaning depositors deposit their money, the banks loan that out, and all deposits are not necessarily there. They've been loaned out. This is one way inflation is created in our economy. A full reserve bank means for anyone who deposits into a bank account, the bank has to hold equal reserves. So there have been a number of attempts to bring full reserve banks into the system, but regulators and policymakers have blocked all attempts number of decades. This is a solution that a lot of crypto companies would like to have because it takes away that risk of, if your deposits are over $250,000, being an unsecured creditor to the bank, and also it ensures that your deposits are not being leveraged or rehypothecated. So that is one solution that we support at the chamber of digital commerce. We would like to see full, so full reserve banks come to market.
Speaker D: How do full reserve banks make money if they're not able to lend out? What's the model that you're seeing? Or at least some of the potential models there?
Speaker C: They can charge a fee to custody assets. They can charge fees for other services. So the profitability of the business model looks very different than their banks that we have today. But there are other business models, um, to, to be profitable in the banking sector, and policymakers should allow the banking system to have competitors. Uh, a healthy and a strong economy, uh, requires many different options. This goes for not in banking, uh, but unfortunately, in banking, there's very, very limited options. There's limited business, uh, banking models today. Uh, so we should be looking for other business models, and then we should also be looking to modernize the technology we use in the banking sector. And blockchain needs to be a key part of that conversation.
Speaker D: Yeah, that's very well said. Competition and innovation are almost always good. Thoughts? Comments on what Perian has just said?
Speaker B: Yeah, it's a really interesting topic. So, first off, your deposits are safe and sound. To your point, Ash? On Sunday, the FDIC, in coordination with other regulators, cited systemic risk exception and made uninsured depositors whole. That said, there are issues, and legitimately, without a ceiling.
Speaker D: Without a ceiling beyond.
Speaker B: That's correct. So your bank is safe. Doesn't mean that we can't do better. That's 1 second. There is a concept of a fully reserved product that pays out yield. There's no rehypothecation, and it's called a money market fund. If you own a money market fund, a money market consists of custody securities that are just about to mature. Those securities are investment grade bonds, treasuries, mortgage backed securities, corporate debt, asset backed securities, their custody, they're not rehypothecated. And that's actually the issue at work here, because if you're a regional bank and you're paying two to 3% on interest, and let's say you introduce a money market account, then you can get a bank run at the very same bank by simply logging onto your online banking system and moving deposits to a money market fund. The reason why is because deposits are a source of funding for the bank. Meaning if you look at the bank's balance sheet, the asset side of the bank's balance sheet is funded by deposits. Those are liabilities of the bank as well as equity. When you change your deposit funding to a money market account, that is no longer a source of funding for the bank, it's a source of funding for the money market. The last piece to Perriad's point, I fully agree with. I think we need more attention on this, which is we need more competition and the ability for private markets to innovate in the banking space. There's a reason why SVB is only being auctioned off to other banks. It's because of antiquated banking law going back to 1863. There's a reason why Amazon.com does not have a bank. And look, I'm all for concerns around our tech overlords, and we need more competition, but I kind of want to see what Bezos bank would do. Google can't buy a bank. Venture capitalist firms can't pass the header on and buy a bank. Those laws should change. And that would add capital, would add technology, would add innovation, and it would strengthen and revitalize the banking system.
Speaker C: You also, you guys have mentioned, you know, your funds are safe at the bank. So I do think the steps made over the weekend, Sunday by Treasury, by the Fed, to backstop losses at these banks. And the way that they're doing it is going to stop the bleeding. So that's good. But at the end of the day, these are still inflationary policies. It's not a bailout. It's a bailout with a new creative name. But at the end of the day, we're still using the same monetary tools to backstop these issues that we've been using for decades. What I'm saying.
Speaker D: Can I play devil's advocate there, Perrianne? So these same monetary tools that we've been using for decades, fractional reserve banking, traditional monetary policy, I mean, even accepting if you don't like the post 2008 era monetary policy from the Fed, saw the United States rise to become the wealthiest and most powerful nation in the history of the world. It isn't as though fractional reserve banking and traditional monetary policy from the Fed was a huge headwind, economic headwind, to the United States from the period of, say, 1950 to 2008. This was a period of unprecedented growth, prosperity and wealth. So when you say that, I guess I sort of wonder, is this really something that needs to be ripped out, root and branch, or is this something that you see as an opportunity for digital assets to continue to support, enhance, and continue to grow the vast economic prosperity of the United States, specifically among other developed nations as well, who use similar policies, has developed. I just want to get your view on that.
Speaker C: Yeah, no, I mean, it is a good point, but just let's look at the fundamentals. At the end of the day, these are all inflationary policies. We are printing money out of thin air. And let's just be real clear and honest about what inflation is. It is, it is theft, ultimately, from anybody that holds us dollars. It is an indirect tax. And I argue that it's theft. And I don't think it is an honest or even an ethical way to conduct policy, especially in the United States. So have we seen growth? Yes, but we also have completely unsustainable levels of debt, and that's a big part of what got us in this issue.
Speaker D: Let me push back again there, because is the problem inflation, or is the problem inflation that's running far, far beyond the Fed target? Obviously, when you have inflation above 5%, it's problematic. High inflation is crippling to economy. It absolutely decimates the ability of individuals to meet their debts. It's crushing to small businesses. I mean, it's just a horrific, horrific thing. There's no disagreement there. But the idea that when inflation is running at 2%, that it is, in essence, nothing but theft is one that's at very least, I think, controversial among most economists. The idea that low levels of inflation during the great post war boom here in the United States were terribly problematic doesn't really seem to be supported by the data, with the exception of two very prominent periods, the one we're in now and of course, the late 1970s. So the idea that developed market economies can't run with low levels of inflation, to me, just doesn't seem to be supported by data.
Speaker C: There's also really no precedent in history for the moment that we are in, and let's be clear about what we're in right now. We are in a global fiat experiment. For thousands of years, civilizations use things of scarcity as money. In 1971, when Nixon severed the gold standard, by the 1980s, the rest of the world moved to fiat currencies. We've only been in this fiat system, this global fiat system, for less than 100 years. And how well is it really going? I mean, you have huge amounts of people who do not have access to the financial system at all. You have significant gaps in terms of the 1% versus everybody else. Those financial gaps are only growing. Inflation is completely rampant. You have unsustainable levels of debt, not just in the United States, but globally. Globally, the debt to GDP ratio is over 300%, which means we're spending more than 300% than we are producing. At some point, there's going to be a reckoning moment, and I think this is just the tip of the iceberg.
Speaker D: Well, you're definitely right about the current moment and that we are in this unprecedented time of unconventional monetary policy, running for some 14 years in the wake of the global financial crisis. I don't know. I wouldn't argue that it's been a bad hundred years for the United States, not a bad hundred years for the general standard of living, health, welfare. Pretty much every human development index here in the western world has increased dramatically in the framework of contemporary capitalism with low levels of inflation. Ron, what are your thoughts on this?
Speaker B: I think it's a really interesting debate. Look. Yes, the last 14 years of quantitative easing and ultra low interest rates, as well as $2 trillion of COVID stimulus have led to a set of issues that are very challenging for us to deal with in terms of policy and the Federal Reserve. And we're paying off the consequence of that now, no doubt about that. That's one. Two. Credit creation and fractional reserve banking have enabled small businesses to grow, farmers to get financing in a plow. If you want to look at a world without fractional reserve banking like Cuba, you can't get a loan. Everything's equity financed. I go to Greece every now and then to visit my sister. She's got a place there. I'll tell you a nice little anecdote here. So I see this house, and one summer he's painting the walls on the outside of the house. Next summer I visit and rehab the interior, go back again. Now there's a water system. I said, why are you doing this piece by piece? You just moved into this house, and why don't you just do it all in one shot? The reason why they don't have a mortgage finance market, and that same anecdote applies to business investment. If you're a farmer, small businesses and provide productive value creation for society. And a bank can underwrite that business. Bank can say, hey, I know if you buy that plow with this kind of land, and I know the character and capacity and the credit worthiness of you as an individual, that I can provide financing for you, and you're going to be better off, the bank's better off and the public is better off. So credit intermediation is an important concept. Yes, it's run amok the last 14 years. I agree. And there's some challenges we're going to deal with.
Speaker D: Okay. Some agreements, some challenges. I wanted to move on to talk about this question, which is very germane to the conversation we're having right now, which is this with whom will folks in the crypto World bank? According to sources speaking to Reuters, no crypto business is a condition being made to any potential buyers of signature bank. By the way, this does not yet appear to have been confirmed, but this is reporting from Reuters that's breaking recently here this morning. The US crypto friendly bank that was shut down by regulators over the weekend. Of course, obviously signature bank we're talking about, they publicly deny that they did so to send an anti crypto message. They, in this case being the regulators. What do you guys both make of this? Perian, first to you.
Speaker C: Well, I mean, obviously they're going to deny that because it would be illegal and a huge gross overstep of their powers. But I don't think we should put it past them. And at the end of the day, where there's smoke, there is fire. We have seen rumors for several months now that the federal bank regulators have been putting pressure on the banks to not offer services to a completely legal industry of the digital asset space.
Speaker D: This is the operation. This is the operation. Choke .2.0 hypothesis. The idea that the administration is using essentially federal policy, federal regulatory policy, to basically enforce the likes and dislikes of the administration. That's the thesis at least.
Speaker C: Yeah. Kind of interesting background here. I previously worked on Capitol Hill when the original Operation Chokepoint was underway. And the congressman that I worked for was on the committee on oversight. And this was a key issue that we worked on. So there is precedent for this across the bank. The bank regulators, we've seen them target other industries and this needs to be held accountable. I was very encouraged that we've seen a number of members of Congress who are bringing oversight to this issue. They are sending letters. They are looking to investigate what's happening at the FDIC and the OCC and the Fed regarding this, and that's what they should be doing. But I also wonder if there's additional legal recourse industry can take in additional ways that the industry can advocate to preserve what they deserve in terms of access to the banking system. So this is incredibly disturbing to see, and Congress needs to investigate and provide oversight.
Speaker D: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker D: Mint Mobile, unlimited premium wireless.
Speaker B: Everybody get 30, 30 biddy get 30 biddy get 20. 2020 1515 just $15 a month, so.
Speaker A: Give it a try@mintmobile.com.
Speaker C: Switch $45 up front for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time Unlimited. More than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: I know it's early and you're suggesting that Congress should investigate to find out. Is there any evidence as of yet that this in fact, or was in fact, in your view, a deliberate public policy attempt to shut down crypto?
Speaker C: Well, we've seen statements from a board member of signature and former Congressman Barney Frank who said that it absolutely was. We've also seen a number of people who said the complete opposite. The New York regulators made statements the other day saying that was not the case. They were ultimately brought down because of their financial issues. So I think there's a lot more that needs to be digged into. And I do think Congress and potentially this could go into the courts to get the facts, get the bottom of it, and ensure that our regulators are operating within their statutory mandate.
Speaker D: Well, the one thing that I think is certain is we're going to continue to get more news flow on this. Ram, any thoughts on this story?
Speaker B: I got a lot of thoughts on this one. Quite a few. So, first off, look, it was a very big surprise to see signature put into receivership last Friday. Even the hedge funds that were shorting signature were surprised. This is not expected. That's 1 second. This is a key point that the industry is missing. The primary regulator for signature is the New York State Department of Financial Services. It was the NYS DF's that put signature into receivership, not the federal bank regulators. That's a key point, folks. So we're trying to figure out who's pro crypto, who's not crypto, who's neutral? It was a New York state dF's. That's 1 second.
Speaker D: And what does that suggest to you, Rom?
Speaker B: Well, it suggests to me that New York state DF's has a policy that is not hospitable to crypto. That's the conclusion to make here. That's number one. Now there's a few more thoughts around this second. Senator Barney Frank was on the board of signature. I think his comment was not speaking from a place of privileged insight information. The way he cast it, he was really describing it. As an outside observer, I think his comment is really deflecting his own liability as a bank director. Bank directors are liable for ensuring that the bank conducts compliance and operates within the confines of the law. So I wouldn't over read into that. He is just casting an aspersion out there and trying to point the focus somewhere other than him. This is the guy that co drafted Dodd Frank, the most important set of banking regulation of the law. He sat on the board of a bank. That bank was seized. So that's what that's about. Let's not over read into this. I fully agree with Perrianne. We need congressional oversight. We need to have some hearings. I think Chair Patrick McHenry, the House Financial Services Committee, and Congressman French Hill will go do that. And here's some other perspectives, too. And I have this from sources that are around the bank won't name them. I trust them, I know them. But there were significant audit and control deficiencies around signature. Some of this is starting to come to light now in the reporting. So on the audit side, the regulars are saying, hey, send us this information. There's no document. Banks are not supposed to run that way. Banks are quasi public institutions. They're checklist driven, they're rules driven. And then the other side is on controls. Now look, as of yesterday, the federal government was still running cygnet. The federal government was running a 24/7 instant settlement network for crypto. The federal government can shut that down whenever they want. They haven't. And it looks like that there were AML issues involved, that accounts were being onboarded without sufficient scrutiny. So I recommend that we hold judgment. Let's get the hearings, let's get the transparency, let's learn more. But I would be cautious about concluding that this was a federal regulatory driven, this was a New York state DF's.
Speaker D: So a complex and nuanced picture. Let me ask this to you, perriann, because you truly are an expert on the process down at Capitol Hill, based on your read of the political landscape right now, do you think it's likely that we will get hearings into this?
Speaker C: Yeah, absolutely. Investigations are already underway, so the process has already started. We saw just yesterday the House majority whip, Tom Emmer, sent a letter to the bank regulators, to the FDIC, probing questions. And now that Republicans are in the majority, they have subpoena authority, so they're collecting information. So that oversight process has already started.
Speaker D: Okay, so access to banking isn't the only issue. The criminal, the crypto industry is facing right now in terms of regulatory headwinds. There's also this ongoing regulatory tussle. We alluded to it earlier. The block says Gary Gensler, the chair of the US securities and Exchange Commission, suggested all proof of state tokens are in fact securities. This would imply ether is included by that definition. Gensler was responding to reporters who asked about a recent statement from another us regulator. The head of the Commodities Futures Trading Commission chair Rossin Benham said once that he thinks ether is a commodity. Obviously, this is a very big open question right now. This comes as Ethereum developers announced they've completed the final test before the upcoming Shanghai upgrade. So we're seeing major developments on the Ethereum block chain while us developer regulators, excuse me, continue to make opposing claims over the actual nature of what, in fact, proof of stake tokens are. If Gensler's view were to prevail, and ether and other proof of stake cryptocurrencies would eventually be deemed securities either by the courts or in Congress. What would this mean in practical terms? First to you, Perrianne?
Speaker C: Well, this would be absolutely devastating for ethereum and proof of work networks. They've been operating under the assumption that they are commodities for a very long time. This would have massive ramifications, not just for people who are holding either. It would have ramifications for every exchange in the United States that's been trading ether for years. And the whole chain of people and companies connected to this digital asset. Commodity. And yes, I said commodity. We have seen this incredible game of Ping pong between the SEC and the CFTC. It's a security. It's a commodity, it's a security. They keep going back and forth, have been going on for a number of months now. The commissions themselves don't even agree, which truly highlights the need for Congress to pass legislation to bring regulatory clarity. But I will tell you, the CFTC in 2015 brought Ethereum futures. They allowed futures contracts to come to market. It is already regulated as a commodity and has been so for many, many years. So it really is an unbelievable position that the SEC is putting themselves in. And ultimately, it's not chairman Gensler that's going to make this decision. It will be the courts.
Speaker D: Well, it's really interesting to talk about this because this, this very complex nature of the way regulation and law gets done here in the United States. So essentially, you have Congress, which makes laws. You have federal regulators which are appointed by the executive branch but are independent, who then can file suit in the federal courts, as you point out. And that, of course, is a multilayered process with an appellate process and ultimately potentially going as high as the Supreme Court. So it's a very complicated sort of matrix of different regulatory, legislative and judicial proceedings that we see in order to establish these precedents here in the United States. Probably important to remark that a lot of this challenge stems from the fact that we have 90 year old securities laws here in the United States that really are the basis for this. And so you have federal regulators trying to interpret those 90 year old laws in addition to some of the case law and precedent set over the years. And then ultimately, as you point out, these resolutions take place in the federal courts. Talking of which, I wanted to get your take on this as well. Perrianne and Rahm Coindesk reports that us lawmakers are working their way through various proposals on crypto oversight. Republican Senator Tom Tillis says Congress is at a very early stage of reviewing which proposals might gather support from both parties. The senator said, quote, this is not going to be a crowd pleaser or an applause line. Perrihan, what does that quote mean in your opinion? What's the latest you've been hearing about those efforts in Congress?
Speaker C: Yeah. Well, myself and our team at the chamber, we're on the Hill on a weekly, if not daily basis talking to the lawmakers who are drafting legislation as we speak, the lawmakers who are in a position of authority to actually move legislation through the legislative process. That's key. Congress, there were over 80 pieces of legislation that were introduced related to digital assets or blockchain technology. Getting something passed into law is a massive feat. So just getting a bill introduced, okay, that's been done, but making, you know, getting something bicameral done through the House, through the Senate, to the president's desk, to signature, that is now what we're talking about, the staffs of the relevant committee. So these are senate banking, Senate AG, House financial services, House Ag. These are the committees that oversee the SEC and the CFTC, who we meet with regularly, who are working on legislation. The terms they use are we are drafting bi cameral bipartisan legislation. This is a really big shift from the previous Congress where they weren't really using those types of terms. They were just trying to get proposals out, put stakes in the ground, get markers to move the conversation forward. Now the efforts are, let's get something done. Seeing a lot of progress and a lot of sophistication on Capitol Hill, which is an indicator that legislation is coming.
Speaker D: Yeah, this is a process you understand very well. Perrianne Rahm, any thoughts about the political interactions that we've just discussed?
Speaker B: Yes. Yeah. So first off, let me circle back to the ETH security questions and issues around that. So first, if the SEC declared ethy security, then what would happen is Coinbase would be forced to delist Ethan or litigate the SEC. That's 1. Second. The best defense against ETH not being a security is a third prong of the Howie test, namely citing decentralization. The Howie test relies on the managerial of efforts clause to make the case that it's security. But here's another point that it's non consensus. I really do think the industry needs to approach it this way. We want digital assets and tokens to issue dividends. We want Uniswap to pay fees to the token holders for a dividend to a token holder. And if we do that, then we can wrap capital markets around this, we can value these tokens. They can compound and grow. It means that you can get a digital dialogue like USDC that actually pays you interest. That's the vision that we want to advance toward. We want crypto and digital assets to be productive assets. So my suggestion is that we tackle it head on. Instead of saying, no, no, no, these aren't securities. Lean into policy and say we want a crypto securities regulation framework that will take an act of Congress, but saying the CFTC auto regulates, it's not going to go anywhere. That will not be an effective strategy because securities laws, although they're not updated for crypto, they work for 90% of the capital markets, the 98% of the capital. They're not going to change. The Howie test is here to say. The principle based approach is here to say. A better approach is to say safe harbor, the guidance that Hester Pearce has provided, and create a framework within securities law that makes it permissible to offer tokens with the disclosure framework. Investors benefit from disclosure. Ryan Selkis at Masari and his team are creating a disclosure framework that can allow us to get the equivalent of ten ks and ten qs on these protocols and have disclosures of conflicts of interest from inflows and promoters. We need that. That's a part of existing securities laws, by the way, but we don't benefit from that because of the lack of clarity here now in Congress. I don't think you get much done, sadly and unfortunately. And the reason why is it's one thing to get a bill drafted, but unless you get Senator Sherrod Brown, who's the head of the Senate banking committee, who's a crypto skeptic, to lean in and participate, it's just very challenging. Usually it takes a crisis to get some regulation done. We have a mini crisis around stablecoins. I think there's a shot on goal on getting stablecoin regulation, and we desperately need that.
Speaker D: Kyrian, what do you think about the views that Rahma just articulated?
Speaker C: Well, yeah, getting something through Congress is a massive feat. He mentioned some good points that we've got key detractors, particularly in the Senate, who have the majority. So while sophistication is increasing in Congress, it is still a long way to go. And is it going to happen this year? It's possible, but I think it's also possible it won't happen this year.
Speaker D: I guess the real threat here is you mentioned this idea, both of you. I think that it's very difficult to get legislation done when there's not a period of emergency. Ultimately, what the real risk here is that the United States loses its global competitiveness with digital assets and with the new financial and economic ecosystem that's being developed around it. How long does that sort of take to play out as a thesis? By the way, I should add that we are seeing leadership in this going on outside of the United States, whether it's in Hong Kong, in continental Europe, or in the UK. Go ahead, Rob, jump in.
Speaker B: You really touched on a great point there, Ash, and you're right. China, through the special economic zone of Hong Kong, is starting to relax restrictions around blockchain innovation. And Russia, China and India are a different block that can coordinate payments away from the us dollar or the euro dollar regime using blockchain. So you are raising an excellent strategic point and the US should be conscious and aware of that. I think that's 1 second, is there's an opportunity for advancing us dollar hegemony. USDC is a way to do that. I think if you look at Diem, which of course is a private blockchain, not public and decentralized like ETH, it almost got approved. Jerome Powell, the Fed chair had approved it. There's a reporting from the Financial Times that Janet Yellen said no, and that fateful act changed the course of crypto history. Had it been approved, Silvergate would still be here. Silvergate would be a stablecoin issuer. They'd be collecting a tremendous amount of spread. You would have tens of millions, if not hundreds of millions of people using a stable coin to transact. Because Facebook was involved, Lyft was involved, Uber was involved, Amazon was involved, and that experiment, unfortunately, never saw the light of day. And it's extremely unfortunate. Larry Summers was treasury secretary. Larry Summers was treasury secretary. He was on the board of DCG. He's on the board of lending club, he's fintech Ford, and he's a Democrat. You would have had a different outcome. So it's really unfortunate. But I think you're right on the mark that regulators in Congress need to look at the broader strategic picture for the us dollar and the us dollar hegemony.
Speaker D: Well, then again, if Larry Summers had been secretary of treasury, we probably wouldn't have gotten $1.9 trillion in american rescue plan stimulus on the fiscal side.
Speaker B: And we'd be raised interest rates sooner and faster as well. By the way, Larry was early in the call on inflation.
Speaker D: Yeah, he, sir, he sure was. Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real vision crypto daily briefing. Perry, Ann, any thoughts about this? It sounds like Rahm is leaning in many ways towards stablecoin regulation. Do you think that that as an effective first step for making the kind of changes that you would support?
Speaker C: It is a priority for the House Financial Services Committee, the House Agriculture Committee as well. And it's kind of yet to be seen if it's a priority for the Senate. So this is absolutely where Congress is putting resources in. Ron, you had mentioned earlier that the security, these 90 year old securities laws, they've stood the test of time and that they're here to stay. I just wanted to make one comment on that. There is another law that I think is here to stay, and that's the 1934 act, which really builds the structure of the SEC. And the SEC is a disclosure regulator. They are not a merit regulator. They are not in the business of picking winners and losers. Yet we are seeing them hold digital assets and particularly bitcoin, to a higher standard. And have they've acted outside of their statutory mandate as a disclosure regulator and as a merit regulator. And that's another piece that we believe the Congress needs to provide oversight on that piece on us. Competitiveness is absolutely key as well. In 2019, we issued a national action plan for blockchain urging the administration to make digital assets a national priority to ensure that we preserve our dominance globally in this technology, which will also impact our dominance in the financial services and the technology sectors. I think that's in serious jeopardy today. And policymakers should prioritize this and right the wrong steps that they've made. It's not too late, but if they don't address these issues soon, we could see a massive brain drain that could really set our economy back in a real way.
Speaker D: Well, that's very well said on brain drain and global competitiveness, I think very important. Ram, let me ask you this one more question, then. We have to go to viewer questions here because we've got a lot of them coming in. We spent a lot of time during this conversation talking about regulatory infrastructure, which is right in Perianne's Balliwick, of course. But I wanted to ask you as a markets guys, there anything else that you're thinking about right now? We have this, a very sort of ominous european banking crisis question hanging over us more broadly, questions about the regional banking system here in the United States. What else is on your radar screen right now from the capital markets perspective that you think may ultimately potentially at least have a cryptocurrency impact?
Speaker B: Yeah, great question. Let me double briefly on the SEC safety. This is a great conversation. I really enjoy this very much. By the way, it's absurd that the SEC hasn't updated the interpretive guidance. It's been four years. So you have firms like Kraken get a $30 million fine because they see someone else doing staking. They do it responsibly. That's absurd. It's got to change.
Speaker D: I take it this is the idea of the so called regulation through enforcement that you're referencing.
Speaker C: Correct.
Speaker B: And that's got to stop. There's no reason why we don't have clear interpretive guidance. I'm just trying to be pragmatic. When you think about Congress and getting something done, crypto is a $1 trillion asset class deposits are $20 trillion, equity markets $40 trillion. We're not going to be able to upend the decades of case law built around Howie. So I'm trying to be pragmatic. It does take congressional intervention, though, and it does require leading with a positive vision about crypto. Let's talk about Amazon embracing NFTs and Nike embracing NFTs and JPMorgan and JPMCoin. The more we can reference other trusted brands that have a constituency that pay tax dollars, then Congress can relate to it. Congress looks at crypto and they see a speculative casino led by Coinbase and a few others. We need to talk about how you can improve the ordinary lives of Americans by reducing payment, settlement costs or cross border remittances or how 2008 could have been avoided if you had transparency and instant settlement on chain. That's the story we need to tell to get public awareness in Congress here. Right now, we're on defense, defending everything that's blowing up with this Alphabet soup of companies. Right now, to your point on what Im looking for capital markets. Im looking at Anchorage. Im looking at Cowan and Cross river. And heres why. Anchorage is the only national chartered bank that can custody crypto. And thats very important because we need more chartered banks that can custody crypto to diversify this mission critical infrastructure. We want banks to engage with crypto so that we can improve the experiences we have, whether through our apps or the banking system or strengthen the bank system. So Im watching that Anchorage received a consent order from the regulators six months ago from acting OCC head Michael Su. Thats one. Im a big believer in Anchorage on their mission to be very clear, rooting for them. Second, Cowin Cowan was acquired by TD Ameritrade. Cowan is building the first prime brokerage for crypto. We need institutional infrastructure to let real money flow in the category. And it remains to be seen whether Cowan will continue their crypto prime brokerage efforts. I hope they will. I expect they will. But we really need to see that happen. The third is Cross river. One of the winners of this, I kind of mixed feelings about it, is you've seen the demise of signature Silvergate and SVB. And Cross river is now running the Fiat ramp for USDC and Coinbase. I used to work there. I built the crypto business as an executive at Cross river. But now all you have crossover is not adjacent. Cross river is not a systematically important financial institution. So there's a lot riding on crossover's shoulders. But I can tell you they're very profitable. Their financial statements are public. I feel good about that. Management team feel more than good about that. But those are the three institutions I'm looking for, right?
Speaker D: Great perspective. Okay, viewers on YouTube, remember to sign up for our website. Go to realvision.com crypto to sign up for free. Let's look at some of the questions coming into us right now. First one from Ralph. This one's to you RoM, how could rom believe NYDFs is anti crypto when they have a license structure for crypto companies and authorized Gemini trust circle, NYDig and Coinbase, among others? Could it be that NYDFs intervened in signature at the behest of federal authorities?
Speaker B: As a matter of fact, this is not for debate. The New York DF's initiated the receivership process. As a matter of fact, that's not up for debate. That's one. It was a state regulator. So the fact that the New York DF's exists is a signal that the New York state policy makers want to regulate crypto. That's it. So yes, this is not really a debate. I think. I'm sure Perrion has a similar view. The New York DF's has a green list of tokens that are permitted. They have their own licensing regime that must be met. In addition with federal regulation, the New York DF's, it really needs to rethink its approach to crypto policy.
Speaker D: Perry answers. Ron mentioned. Do you have any thoughts?
Speaker C: Well, definitely can't defend the New York DF's a pro crypto regulator or New York as a pro crypto state. I actually think they're probably the most anti crypto state in the country. The Bitlicense was actually introduced two days before we opened our doors at the Chamber of Digital Commerce over nine years ago. This was a huge project that we drove. It was the first policy project that we worked on at the chamber. The bitlicense was incredibly controversial. The industry fought back against it hard and this really pushed the industry back in terms of getting this duplicative licensing regime in the state of New York. And super, unfortunately, there's now another, a handful of other states that are looking to follow New York and create a licensing regime that's incredibly burdensome for companies to be able to get licensed under. Also, just last year, New York officially became the first state in the country to ban a type of digital asset infrastructure. They have banned a certain type of proof of work mining. This was pushed by climate activist, was met with a ton of debate and controversy from the industry. New York has an awful track record when it comes to digital assets.
Speaker B: I want to clarify briefly. You're right, Pereon. It's the existence of the bit license, not the existence of the New York state DF's that shows their approach to crypto. I agree with everything you said.
Speaker D: Okay, one more question from Ralph, this time for Perrianne. Perrianne, what are the top three issues your organization will be focusing on. Great question, Ralph.
Speaker C: We are focused on getting a spot bitcoin ETF to market. This is an issue that I'm personally passionate about because it is a very prime example of the SEC operating outside of their statutory mandate, from a disclosure regulator to a merit regulator. And then it also just really exposes the double speak from policymakers. You see policymakers saying, we need better investor protections for digital asset investors, we need better consumer protections for retail investors. This is how you get there. But yet they have blocked every attempt over a decade to bring a spot ETF to market. So that's one, two is addressing these, the legislation. There is significant efforts on Capitol Hill to introduce new legislation. Some is good, some is bad, some is kind of net negative. But we work as a resource to policymakers, have a massive presence on Capitol Hill to help guide them to get the best possible outcomes in Congress. And then third, we are advocating for us competitiveness. I mentioned earlier we introduced a national action plan for blockchain. We're working with the administration as well as the many, many agencies that are involved in the oversight of digital assets to ensure that the US can lead in this space. Unfortunately, we have a lot of work to do there, but it's something we are fighting for.
Speaker D: All right, I want you to do final thoughts, key takeaways for our audience from both of you. We started with you, Ron. Let's start with you this time period, final thoughts, key takeaways that you'd like to leave our audience with.
Speaker C: Key takeaways. If the US doesn't get this right, it's going somewhere else. Digital assets aren't going anywhere. Innovation is moving forward. Technological progress is not something that can be shut out. The big question is, is it going to happen here or is it going to happen somewhere else? And again, that's the issue I've dedicated my career to fighting for, because it is worth the fight. But we've got a lot of work to do.
Speaker D: Great point. Brilliantly said. One I completely agree with and definitely something that should be food for thought for all of us. Rom, final thoughts, key takeaways.
Speaker B: I concur with the prior mark. Crypto needs better storytelling. Crypto is playing whack a mole. It's on defense from the myriad institutions having challenges. What crypto needs to do is advance a positive vision for crypto that improves the financial wellbeing of consumers and investors that Congress can relate to, because ultimately, these issues need to be fixed by Congress. That means telling the story about the brands, talking about reducing inefficiency in the payment networks talk about strengthening our capital markets through transparent real time settlement on chain and ensuring that the US remains the leader in innovation.
Speaker D: We end the show on a note of complete agreement, which just goes to show how reasonable all of our positions are. Thank you for coming on the show. Periyam and Ram, pleasure having both of you with us.
Speaker C: Great to be here.
Speaker D: That's it for today. We'll be back tomorrow with Mark Gusko. A great show tomorrow. Also, make sure to check out realvision.com as well. We have an important two part series called how to unf your future. It features some of the most visionary thinkers and investors we know. This week, we're exploring all the solutions with a lineup of true experts like Angus Shillington and Dwight Anderson. Go to real vision.com forward slash un f k. That's real vision.com forward slash un fk to get free access. See you tomorrow live on real Vision Crypto daily briefing have a great afternoon everybody.
Speaker E: If we want to change the outcomes for this really screwed up world where our wages don't go up, where we're being replaced by technology, where governments are massively in debt and we foot the bill via taxes, where we see debasement of assets so we can't afford as many assets as we like, so the rich get richer, the poor get poorer. If we don't like to see the rise of populism based on this broken society because the promises of the future have been broken, let's make our promises to our future selves come right. And that's by unf your future. Some of this is going to really f your future in 20 or 30 years time, but we've got time to figure that out because it's unstoppable.
Speaker F: Whether you're into blowout backyard bashes or simple soirees al fresco, Ooni is here to fire up your summer entertaining plans with the brand new Kota two max gas powered pizza oven. It sports a massive 24 inch cooking area, and it's got two independently controlled temperature zones. That means you can roast a chicken on one side while baking a hot, crispy, cheesy New York style pizza on the other. You can even do 310 inch pizzas at once while monitoring temperatures via the Ooni app on your smartphone. Because the Koda two Max isn't just an oven, it's your summer party copilot. Make your summer an Ooni Koda two Max summer. Learn more@uni.com that's ooni.com.
