Speaker A: As a remote worker, you deserve the perfect home base. Connect with welcoming cities across the US and get up to $15,000 in relocation incentives. We've helped over 1000 people move to new communities and now it's your turn. Spots are filling up fast, so visit makemymove.com to see if you qualify. Don't wait, your happy place awaits. Make your move today to a community recruiting professionals like you. Find us@makemymove.com pod hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance. Join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Here's what's coming up on this edition of my life in four Trades. And I went up and, you know, to introduce myself to Raj and, you know, I shake his hand and say, hey, it's Andrew Rosner. He immediately remembered my name, gives me a big bear hug, and then he pushes me off and he shakes his finger out of me and goes, you should have taken the tokens. And so him and I go and sit down on the sofa and calculate how much money did I leave on the table? And it was $1.9 billion. $1.9 billion.
Speaker B: Hi everyone. Welcome to another edition of my life in four trades. Joining me today is Andrew Rosner, founder and CEO of Media Options. Enjoy the conversation. Hi, Andrew. Welcome to my life in four trades.
Speaker A: Thank you very much, Maggie. I'm very glad to be here.
Speaker B: Yeah, we're so glad to have you. So it's our tradition in this series to sort of, before we jump into the four trades, two of your best, two of your worst, to just get a little bit of an introduction, a little background. So where did you grow up? What were your early years like?
Speaker A: I had an entrepreneurial spirit from day one, really. I was, you know, the guy out on the, you know, we had a corner lot where I grew up and I was on the corner selling anything I could sell. My mom was a florist and so she would bring home plants and I'd sell plants on the weekends. I had lemonade stands. And then I started lawn care business, shoveling snow in the winter. Then as I got older and started getting real jobs, I've been a meter reader. I was a fishmonger. I was just telling my kids a list of the things that I've done. I was a butcher. I graduated early from high school, I was a very good student. I didn't, not to say that I'm particularly intelligent, but I didn't study much. I wasn't a great student in terms of my discipline, but I did well in school. I went on to college, studied information systems. So sort of a hybrid between business. It was part of the business school, but it was a, a lot of computer science. And I started a software business in college in my senior year with a good friend of mine. We were building database software for blue collar businesses. So he lived in east Hampton, Long island, and we built a inventory management system. And I don't remember all the things that we were tracking for the largest landscaping business in Long island, for the largest pool company in the Long island. And what I realized was that was absolutely unequivocally what I didn't want to do with my life. And so I got a degree in something I knew that I didn't want to do with my life. And that was actually my segue into becoming a fishmonger. I started trading seafood commodities. So I wasn't shoveling fish, but I was sitting at a desk on a phone talking to people in Peru, China, Chile.
Speaker B: How did you even know that was a business? How did you even know that?
Speaker A: I had no idea. No. But this is kind of the common thread through my life is that I stumble into weird things and then I get excited about them. And what I will say is that actually the seafood business taught me more than any other business I've ever been in, including any of the businesses I have now that I've been running for 15 years.
Speaker B: How so?
Speaker A: It's just a very salt to the earth business. And you, anything that can be done is done in that business, from ways to get screwed to, you know, just very essential core business lessons that kind of get overlooked. And I think in the technology world and in sort of the fast paced world of, you know, other industries. And it's just also such an old industry. So, anyways, it was an amazing experience. And, and then it was really directly from that business that I leapfrogged into my current businesses.
Speaker B: So this is going to take us to your first trade, and I think this is kind of the pathway or the entree to where you are now in the domain business. And that was buying a domain name in 2002. Is it hamanabirico.com?
Speaker A: Is that Hamon Iberico? Hamon Iberico would be the spanish pronunciation.
Speaker B: You did it justice as a true American would. I butchered it. But just enough for you to understand me. So set the scene for us for how you came to this domain name and what's happening in your life at the time. Like, where are you living? What are you working at the time?
Speaker A: Again, I was in college, I was studying at the emergence of the consumer Internet in the mid late nineties. And so I remember this aha moment when a professor told us, like, okay, you can put up this website and anybody in the world can then see what you've put on the Internet. Somebody in China can see your website. And I just was like, wow, that's amazing. That's powerful. And now, again, the utility of that was quite limited at the time, but I'm hyperactive. And every time I have an idea, I would say, as we said, I'm quite entrepreneurial. I say, I'm going to start a business around that. I would start registering domain names with the idea of, I'm going to build this business. At that time, most things were, take this real world thing and put it on the Internet in some form. There wasn't a lot of like, oh, how can we do things differently because of this technology? Certainly that's not the way I was thinking. There were some people thinking that way and they're now billionaires, but in no way, shape or form did I think about these as like speculative investments. I didn't think they had value. I didn't think of them as Internet real estate in the way that I do now. It was just the name that would be useful to put something on the Internet, right?
Speaker B: So you didn't really understand what you were. If you didn't think of them as real estate, you just somehow sensed that there'd be something to this.
Speaker A: But I just knew it was step one. It was like, okay, if you want to be on the Internet, step one was you needed a domain name in the same way that in the traditional economy, if you wanted to have a business, you needed a place of business. You needed either an office or a storefront, some kind of retail. And so it was just, this was step one. If you were going to have something on the Internet, well, it started with a domain name. And to this day, one of our slogans is all roads lead to domain names. Because it doesn't matter what business you're in, if you're the pizza shop on the corner or you're Google, everything in between needs a domain name. And so it was just, okay, I have this idea, I might as well get that domain name. There was a sense of urgency of like, this is new, and they're going to start getting taken in the same way that Twitter launched. And it was like, okay, even if I'm not using Twitter, I should probably go get my name as a handle just in case for later. Right? And so, but it wasn't, it wasn't that I thought, oh, these are going to be really valuable. That concept didn't cross my mind until this domain name, the harmony. And so this is, I think, 2001, maybe 2000. Just after the.com bubble bursting, I'm in Mallorca, Spain with my now wife and we, she introduced me to Jamon Iberico, this pata negra ham, this black footed pig. You know that it grows in the northwest of Spain and in the north of Portugal. Very coveted, very coveted, very coveted. At that time, it was the most expensive meat in the world. And it was illegal actually, what I subsequently found out, it was illegal to import it into the United States. So it wasn't sold in the United States until about 15 years ago. So anyways, I or 1718 years ago. And so anyways, I tried this ham. I'm in the seafood business at that time and I just transitioned. I was very fresh in the seafood business. And I'm thinking to myself, wow, I can import seafood from Peru, China, Philippines, all over the world. I'm going to import this ham because nobody knows about this and it's the best thing I've ever tasted. So subsequently find out that's not possible and because the FDA says it's unfit for human consumption like french cheese. And I just tucked it away like all the other domain names. Few years later, I'm driving to my office, I'm crossing the Newport Bridge and I'm listening to NPR radio and George Bush junior is about to get the first Patinagraham or Jimoni Berko ever imported into the United States. And I'm thinking, oh man, who managed to pull this off? So I got to my office and I start looking it up and I find the importer in Virginia and I called him up and I said, hey, you know, congrats, you know, I tried to do this few years ago. How'd you do it? And we kind of hit it off. I was in the food import business too. And so we were talking shop and he tells me, you know, basically, you know, I told him, I want to buy one of your hams. And he's like laughing at me. He's like, look, kid, you know, I'm sold out the next you, you know, year for over a year. And, you know, there's ten containers are sold out. And you know, remember these are like $7000 to $11,000 a leg for these hams. So anyway, so basically conversation over and somehow I don't remember exactly comes up that I own these domain names, you know, cause I told him, you know, I tried to do it and I could hear his proverbial jaw drop and I thought I, okay, is this how much you want? And I didn't have a clue, right? I didn't concept of selling these things. I think I heard that business.com had sold for $7 million or something. Other than that, I'd never heard about domain sales. And so I thought what I want is one of those hams. And he goes, done. And I said, what? I want it from the first container, George Bush's container. He goes, done. That was too easy. I said, $5,000 done.
Speaker B: And you're like, shit, I underpriced it.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Oh my God. But I had no idea, I also had no idea how to transfer this thing, how a transaction should happen. How do I protect myself from fraud? And so I just said, I took him at his word. I said, all right, I transferred the domains on the phone. A couple weeks later I get a coffin in the mail with his pig leg. And he sent me a case of wine, really good Riojae. He sent me a special carving knife, the big holder that you put the leg in. And so I spent the next month with my wife eating this Amoni Berrygo, literally picking out. Yeah. And that was my tipping point. And I thought, wow, if this guy in this tiny little esoteric niche market wanted these domains that bad and he's willing to pay me with the equivalent of, let's say $15,000 for it, well, everybody in every business in the world is going to want these domains and many of them are going to be worth a lot more. And I clearly undersold it. And so that's when I really went down the rabbit hole, so to speak. And I just started buying, you know, it was like backing up a truck. But at that time, you know, most of the good names were already gone. So I had a little, you know, basket of good domains, but not great. Then I got introduced to the domain aftermarket and it was a cluster, there's no liquidity. You have these really messed up auction systems with very thin liquidity, very thin markets, people putting crazy reserves. People are pricing these things by basically judging the wind and nobody knows what they're worth.
Speaker B: Hey everyone, we're going to take a quick break right now to hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker A: And so.
Speaker B: And this is after the.com crash. This is not that long after the bubble burst. So there's also, you know, people who may have been participating or intermediaries are scared off because so many people got burned.
Speaker A: Totally.
Speaker B: I mean, it's a really painful time. Did people feel like you were crazy? Or did they say, like, why are you going in this? When we just found out, like, the emperor has no clothes?
Speaker A: Totally. Totally. So, like, I had made a bunch of money, you know, not a bunch, but, you know, relatively for my. My age, making some money. I was early. I was in the JetBlue IPO, and I made a bunch of money while writing that one up. And, you know, my mom thought I was a protege, and she's, you know, crying that I, you know, was basically, I'd given up. You know, I was, like, 23, 24 years old in the seafood business, basically running this company. Took it from an $8 million company to 35 million. I was making $400,000 a year, more than any of my peers, and I threw that to the wind, moved to Panama, and I'm running this domain business. My parents think I'm crazy. Anyways, the whole thing.
Speaker B: You're married now, right? Is your wife a risk taker, too? I'm all in. That's great. Or she like, oh, my God, there goes the house. The college education. It's all over.
Speaker A: No. The absolute polar opposite. We've been married for a very long time, and it works really well because we're actually quite opposite. We obviously share many things, but we're very opposite in many worlds. And so she keeps me grounded and I keep her dreaming.
Speaker B: I love that.
Speaker A: I think that's a fair assessment at this point. After a few years of successful domain trading, she sort of took the brakes off and was like, all right, you clearly know what you're doing. Just run with this thing. But we actually founded the business together. But she definitely was far more constrained, but luckily for me, more than her adversity to risk. She had an adversity living in America. And so this was one of the very few jobs that allowed me to just up and leave from the US and move wherever we wanted to live, which was really high on her priority list.
Speaker B: So what did you think you learned from that experience?
Speaker A: Well, so I learned a lot of things that have carried over into every aspect of my life. So ultimately, I took that single domain sale and realized that there was this whole market, nascent market that was basically fundamental and foundational to the entire digital economy that everybody could see or anybody that was paying attention could see, was going to grow at an exponential pace. And so I would argue, and I do often, that buying great.com domain names in the nineties or early two thousands was essentially the best investment you could make to directionally bet on the growth of the Internet. And basically, I was really early in bitcoin, I was really early in nfts, I was really early in, I was an early Amazon investor, Apple investor. None of these things even come close to the returns from owning the foundational, the ground really the foundation of that digital economy, that digital real estate. It just went from basically free to being worth millions of dollars and in some cases tens of millions of dollars. You know, basically, I learned a lot about being early. I learned that it is very lucrative to put yourself in the middle of an illiquid market. If you can find a market where people don't understand how to value the assets, there is a lot of delta to be made. There's a lot of margin in that, right. Real estate. If you're a real estate broker, you can be an extremely successful real estate broker. And there are lots of them. It's very easy to be a media, you know, let's say moderately successful real estate broker just because the market's so large. But there's not a lot of variability in the margin, right? It's like the house next door sells for x amount per square foot. The house next door is within, let's say, plus or -20% of that price, right. Based on finishes in the domain world, like literally even to this day, there's only a handful of people that I would tell you actually understand fundamentally how to objectively value a domain name. And so this got me obsessed with illiquid markets and markets that people don't know how to value, which subsequently later led to my interest in bitcoin and also subsequently nfts, which we're going to get to. Yeah. So it basically stoked enthusiasm and a deep, let's say, academic interest in understanding how to value things, particularly things which are not liquid and frontier, I'd say. Which or frontier. Yeah, yeah, frontier markets. Absolutely, absolutely. So that's probably my biggest takeaway.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. That's so interesting. And I think that's going to be so interesting to talk about it with your future trades. But let's jump to two. And that is I'm going to combine, we're going to do bitcoin and I'm kind of combining two because it was your best trade but worst trade as well. So it was your best trade in 2011 when you bought it, but became your worst trade in 2016 when you sold it. But I think that they're kind of one in the same. Let's start with your decision to go into it at all. How did this get on your radar? Was it because it was someone you knew, or did you hear about the technology? How did you get introduced to it?
Speaker A: Yeah, so pretty good story. I was at that time in Panama, and a couple of things happened. So, one, I'm running our domain brokerage, and today we're the largest domain brokerage firm in the world. And so we have a very wide range of clients, and most of our clients are really the best of the best. Most of the domains that we're selling are six and seven or eight figures. And so we're dealing with the best of the best in each of these businesses. And one of my clients at that time was one of the early developers of bitcoin. Not one of the creators, but one of the early developers. And I sold a domain for him for about 250 granddaddy. And he called me up a couple weeks after this was, I believe, October 20, eleven. And he said, look, I am so grateful you sold this domain for me. I'm taking everything and I'm putting it into this thing called bitcoin. And I'm buying some bitcoin mining equipment and I'm just buying bitcoin. And he said, this is going to be the future of money. This is a very important technological breakthrough. I couldn't have done this without you. I really want you to get involved. I said, oh, great. I have an extremely high propensity for risk taking. I would say I take calculated risk, but I'm very open minded. And you tell me, look, this is the future of money. Sure, let's get some. Anyways. Then he says, well, the only way to get it is you got to have this open source, download this open.
Speaker B: Source wallet, and here we go.
Speaker A: And so I'm like the least technological technologist that you'll ever meet. So I'm like, okay, sorry, you lost me an open source wallet. But I was intrigued, and I started reading a little bit about it. And then at that time, you had a lot of the early bitcoin guys coming down to Panama, because Panama basically was saying, look, we don't know what bitcoin is, but if you guys want to start up exchanges here, go for it. And so anyways, there was a lot actually happening. There was a lot of interesting people coming to Panama at that time for a variety of reasons. It was a really cool, interesting place to be. It was exciting. It was a lot of fun. So, anyways, coincidentally, completely randomly. And that neighborhood where I lived, which was very small, three avenues by about ten streets, was kind of the hub for all of these expats. So anyway, so I would go to these meetups and parties and I'd meet these guys, and I ended up becoming really good friends with one of the guys that used to work for Charlie Schremm. And he really is the one that took me down the rabbit hole more deeply and got me deeply intrigued and informed about what bitcoin was and how it really worked. And he helped me to ultimately buy it in late 2011, early 2012. And I think I bought, I don't know, about $5,000 worth and maybe a little more. And I had thousands of bitcoin and, you know, basically forgot about it, right? It wasn't on the news. It was, you know, I was, you know, maintained some curiosity because of that environment. Ultimately, after about two or three years, those guys all left because Panama pulled the plug. And so, you know, it wasn't in my face. And then, like 2000, late 2014 or early 15, Panama, you know, my friend calls me up and he says, hey, do you still have that bitcoin? And I said, I think so. I said, but the only way I have it is if you know how to get it, because I don't know how.
Speaker B: That's a good friend.
Speaker A: And he says, well, I've got a client. He's got all these gold bars, and he wants to trade the gold bars for bitcoin. And I said, well, gold bars for magical Internet money, that sounds great. And he's like, well, if you want, he'll buy all your bitcoin and give you the golden. All right. So he came to my office and we figured out that, you know, found that bitcoin, which, you know, was in my wife's account, and, you know, ultimately traded all of the bitcoin for a backpack of gold bars. And I just remember, like, literally looking at this gold and just thinking, like, I literally, I think I stared at it for about an hour. And I had held a gold coin before, but this was just, like, a lot of gold. And I'm just like, what just happened? There was this magic Internet money. I never even wasn't even really on my radar. I wasn't paying attention. It had hit dollar 700, and that was an amazing seemingly an amazing trade. And then a couple of weeks later, I was happy as a pig in its own excrement. And a few weeks later, bitcoin hits $1,000 and the moment it hits $1,000, it's all over mainstream media. Everybody's talking about bitcoin. I called my friend up and I said, hey, you told me to sell that bitcoin. All he says is buy more bitcoin. And I'm like, so I ended up getting back in at about twelve, 1300 bucks. And I, you know, I bought a little bit and then I got, you know, bought some more at 1518 hundred. And, you know, and then I kept buying, you know, all the way up, but. But I never got back anywhere close to the number of coins that I had for, you know, that I traded for gold. Yeah, I mean, and I could tell you, as Michael Saylor says, you know, bitcoin was a better investment than the gold.
Speaker B: That's the thing. It's not even that you sold the bitcoins. Like, you got physical delivery of gold, which is sort of, where is it? You still got that gold?
Speaker A: Still got it sitting in a safe.
Speaker B: Oh, my goodness. So it's so hard. At the time, though, it seemed like a really sage decision, right, to sell the bitcoin.
Speaker A: You know, it's actually a really interesting point. I think it's a really important point because most people, you know, I have the blessing, if you will, that I've been trading in digital assets for over 20 years, 25 years at this point, 26. And, you know, I've gotten used to it. But it used to keep me up at night that I had a lot of my wealth tied up in domain names. And it's like, what is a domain name? It's a bunch of, it's an ip address. And, you know, what, you know, is that irresponsible? And there was a lot of things that would go through my mind and then, oh, is it some new technology going to disrupt domains? And so I've struggled with that. I probably spent a decade struggling with that idea of what do I actually own? And then finally coming to terms with it and actually being comfortable having such a large amount of my net worth tied up in this asset. And so I was a lot more comfortable with bitcoin. But even so, I took that trade. I said, wow, this digital asset, which at that time, I wouldn't even probably personally categorize it as an asset. It was just like game tokens as far as I was concerned, and totally, totally experimental. I jumped at the first opportunity to turn it into a physical, physical money. And look where that got me.
Speaker B: We're going to take another quick break to hear a word from our partners.
Speaker C: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what. With each vendor. Ramp's software collects and verifies receipts instantly to save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments. Time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get $250 when you join Ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy. Ramp.com easy ramp.com easy cards issued by.
Speaker A: Sutton bank and celtic bank members have DIC. Terms and conditions apply.
Speaker B: So your third trade is very interesting in light of the bitcoin trade, because your third trade is one of your worst, and it involves selling Solana.com in 2018. So, again, what's happening in your life at this time with your company? Are you kind of all in on crypto, what's going on behind the scenes?
Speaker A: Yeah. So this, I'm quite certain will go down. You know, it'll be on my tombstone as the worst decision I've ever made financially. So, you know, I own Solana.com. it was one of the domains that the company owned, just, you know, because we have Solana Beach, Florida, Solana Beach, California. There's a lot of different things around Solana, and we just own lots of generic domain names that are, you know, geographical locations, people, places, or things.
Speaker B: Oh, wait, this is wild. So you own this before Solana exists as a company?
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I. Oh, yeah, yeah. For years before Solana ever existed. Yeah. They said our ownership of Solana.com had absolutely nothing to do with Solana. You know, we predated it by many years. So, anyways, this was 2018. I don't recall exactly the month, but it's probably mid or late 2018, because the bull market, the crypto bull market, ended March 2018, I believe. And so, like, February, March. And so we had Solana.com. i had. I was deep in crypto, and I, you know, I was. I went from bitcoin maximalist to I want to buy everything. And I did. I probably bought into, I don't know, you know, through my family investment vehicle, probably 200 icos, including Ethereum, which we did well on. But 99% of these things went to zero. And so I went from bitcoin Maximalist to I want to own everything to don't ever talk to me about another altcoin ever, ever, ever again. And so we just come off the back of don't talk to me about another altcoin ever, ever, ever again. I've lost literally millions of dollars as a result of all these icos and speculative bets that I've placed.
Speaker B: Initial coin offering for those of you who may not be crypto.
Speaker A: Yes. And I get an email from Raj Gokal, who is one of the co founders of Solana. Raj. Sorry, I don't know if I was supposed to disclose that, but I think at this point, it doesn't matter. He probably watches, actually. Anyway, Raj says, look, if you'll accept my crypto token, I'll give you a premium. I think it was like a 50% premium that he would have given me on the price. I literally told him, I was like, look, I don't want your coin. Keep it. Just give me the cash. I want Uncle Sam bucks, not crypto buckshe. And so Raj is like, all right, and, you know, wired the money, and we did the deal, and I transferred him Solana.com for, I believe, $250,000. And then comes, you know, I guess, what is this, 2021, September? And Solana has their first big conference, and it happens to be here in Lisbon, where I live. And so Solana throws the Solana breakpoint conference. And this was absolute peak bull market. I think, actually, the week before the conference was the all time high of Sawana, if I'm not mistaken, which was like, $280. And so I bought a vip ticket. I don't know how. Maybe 100 of us, 150 in this vip. And there was a meet and greet with the founders, and there was a cocktail hour. And so Raj and anatoly give this talk and thanking everybody, and they finish. And I went up to introduce myself to Raj, and I shake his hand and say, hey, it's Andrew Rosner. He immediately remembered my name, gives me a big bear hug, and then he pushes me off, and he shakes his finger at me. He goes, you should have taken the tokens. And so him and I go, and sit down on the sofa and calculate how much money did I leave on the table? And it was $1.9 billion. Billion dollars. $1.9 billion.
Speaker B: Ouch. I mean, that just hurts.
Speaker A: So instead of 250 grand, I would have had $1.9 billion. Now, granted, I definitely would have sold some on the way up. I never would have. You know, it's not that I would have gotten it at that price and then sold it at the peak, but, you know, somewhere between 500 million and probably 1.5 billion is what I left on the table.
Speaker B: So. So that is, that is a hell of a lot of money, Andrew. I mean, that is, that is just, like, hard to wrap your hat. How do you process the emotion around that? I mean, you're smiling as you tell me that story, but I feel sick. I mean, how do you, how do you kind of live with that?
Speaker A: So, um, I've come to terms with it. I mean, you know, I'm fine with it. The story of my life is stories like that. That just happens to be the biggest one. And don't get me wrong, it was a gut punch. I've actually sold a number of the domains to most of the big crypto companies. Look, not to go off on another story, but just really quickly, it's like NFT.com was mine. I owned that before anybody even knew what nfts were. And then I sold that for $2 million. In January 2021, I started investing in the NFT space, but into the NFT companies, because I didn't actually believe in the NFTs themselves, but I invested into the NFT companies starting in 2018. One of my portfolio companies, Cryptograph, we were the first ones to ever do celebrity NFTs. We basically introduced Paris Hilton to nfts. We did her first NFT. Ashton Kutcher's first NFT. We taught him what nfts were. The only NFT that Vitalik Buterin has ever done was with us. Right? And that was all in 20 1819. So before anybody knew what nfts were, we were too early. And so when I sold it for $2 million, I was like, great. That's amazing sale. But it was two months, six weeks before the market just went parabolic. And a month after I sold@nft.com I got offered $20 million. And so, literally, if I had waited, I held this name for God only knows how long. And then six weeks after I sold it, I could have made ten x the amount of money. The point is simply that this happens to me all the time, I'm fine with it. And I actually, it's really baked into my investment thesis, whether it's in stocks or anything else at this point, is I'm never afraid to leave money on the table. My old boss, my old mentor from the seafood business, he used to tell us nobody ever lost money taking a profit. If you take a profit, by definition, you're not going to lose money. I never feel bad taking a profit. I'm not going to sit here and lie and tell you, like, it doesn't keep me up at night that I left $1.9 billion on the table. Or, like, like, I actually haven't even. I have another one, but, you know, save you. But, like.
Speaker B: But this is. It's only hindsight that you know that, right? Because you just said you invested in lots of things that lost or that didn't pan out. So it only totally, it only is, is it's the pretend money, because you just happen to have the hindsight to know. But that's it. That's not. I feel like it could have easily.
Speaker A: Gone the other way.
Speaker B: Do you feel like now, because of those stories, though, especially in the digital asset space, because we're early in it, that everybody is sort of chasing that 30 x ten x unicorn? I mean, 100% is that I'm going to. What's your advice? To sort of navigate that? Because that's the certain. It's very hard to have a long career if you're just doing that.
Speaker A: Yes. So I think it really. I think that the simplicity with which my boy, I don't think he coined the term or the phrase, but, you know, nobody's ever lost money taking a profit. I think it really is just an easy mantra to repeat to yourself. And I think that every single investor on the planet should repeat that to themselves over and over and over again. And every time you're making a decision about buying or selling, you should repeat that to yourself. You know, just not losing or losing less often is one of them, as far as I'm concerned. And in my experience, it is. The most advantageous strategy to outperformance is simply losing less, because you will get if you stay in the game. Longevity and patience is kind of like the baseline. You need to be in the game for a long period of time and be consistent. And if you do that, then, like, okay, you're at your benchmark, and then to outperform, you need to do something different. And simply losing less is easier than winning more. Losing less is easier than winning more in the exact same way that cutting the fastest way to increase profits is not to grow revenue, it's to cut costs. It's the exact same thing. It's just applying the same principle, the two different things, just winning. Losing less is easier than winning more. If you can take money off the table. I do like the mantra of never sell everything. Keep a little bit. Jason Calacanis has a saying. He calls it schmuck insurance. Always keep 10% as schmuck insurance. You just never know. And I like that. I think that's an important mantra, too. But really just always, if you're winning, if you look at your p and l and you go, I am up more than I ever expected. If you are looking at your p and l with a big old smile on your face, that is the leading indicator that it's time to take some money off the table. Sure, let your winners ride, but take your initial principle off the table. I think that that is very sage advice, not mine. I learned it from others, but it's something I practice and it works extremely effectively for me.
Speaker B: This brings us to your fourth trade, I think, which speaks to that. And it is buying your first board ape in May of 2022. So you had mentioned that you owned NFT, that you were early, but you said you were too early, so you could have easily been like, this, is this, you know, too early that didn't work out and just turned away, but you didn't. You stayed in it. Why did you get back? Why did you go for the board ape when it hadn't really been something that took off for you?
Speaker A: I had invested into the space early. I know deeply what this was, what the technology was, where it was going, but I just didn't see anything that was an actual nft that interested me whatsoever. It was like, I don't know, cryptokitties. Like, no, I don't need that. There were some people that really got it with cryptokitties. I didn't. I didn't need that in my life. But then came the bored apes. And at first I shrugged it off and then I had a bunch of friends that were telling me, no, this thing's really cool. They seem to be having a lot of fun. I didn't mint them. I missed the mint. And this was about a week, maybe two weeks later, that they convinced me that I should buy one of these things. And so I started buying them. First one was for probably $500 and then a couple thousand bucks, and I ended up buying 23 of them. But the reason that I ended up buying them. Was that my domain name experience? So I have this pretty deep understanding of intellectual property. And when I read that the bored Ape founders, the Yuga Labs guys, were giving away 100% of the commercial rights to the owners of the individual board apes, that is what blew my mind. That's when I said, oh, this is different. You are basically, this was the equivalent of Stan Lee before he launches Marvel Universe, coming to you and saying, hey, look, I've designed all these characters. I don't know what we're going to do with them, but if you want, you can buy some of the characters from me. And it's like, yeah, sure, I'll take Spider man and Captain America, Superman, and give me that one. Give me that. And so when I understood that I would have the full rights and ability, permissionless, to do as I please with these characters that were part of a broader network, and every other member of this network was going to have the same rights as I do, and we were all going to monetize these things, commercialize these things, brand these things in ways that wouldn't have even been imaginable to the. To the bored ape founders themselves. I got really excited about it. Now, I had absolutely no idea how big this thing was going to be, I make no mistake. But I knew that this was something different. The more of them I bought, the more time I spent on this. I just really came to understand that this was, like, basically the making of Disneyland or marvel at its earliest stages. And owning these characters was going to be lucrative in some form or another, whether I had to go out and make it lucrative or the value of the assets themselves was going to go up to make it lucrative.
Speaker B: So this is such an interesting. I love the way you just described that, because I think so many people are struggling to understand what nfts are, or I, you know, what's going on here. How do you describe an NFT? Like, what does it represent to you?
Speaker A: So I think Raul's been spot on with his whole crypto narrative. It all comes down to network effect. Everything in the world. It's like the two most powerful forces on earth are gravity and network effects. And so you take a network effect. You take a network, okay? And if there's virality to that network and there's underlying utility and there's underlying value, or let's say perceived value, then just by definition, that network effect will drive the value in an exponential manner, because, you know, it's. I go back to the telephone, right? It's like, if you and I are the only two people on earth that if I have a telephone and nobody else, it's useless. If you and I have a telephone, it has extremely limited utility. If 100 people have a telephone, well, now it's got a little bit more utility if I have a relationship with those hundred people. And when everybody has a telephone, it is no longer just about utility. It's a necessity. That is, I think, the most clear demonstration of network effect. With each individual member being added to the network, that network becomes not linearly more valuable, but exponentially more valuable, because that member adds value to each other member of the network. And as that number of members grows, the value is exponentially rising. You take that network effect and you apply it to something like art and culture. And that's ultimately like, if we just stay with the Marvel Universe example, it's art and culture combined, right?
Speaker B: It's.
Speaker A: It's. It's, you know, comic books ultimately, is where it started, and then it went into a whole movie franchise and figurines and toys and, you know, everything, which, I think, you know, you can extrapolate on the board of apes and say, look, that's where that's going. We see it, right? Coinbase is doing a full Hollywood production movie based on it. You've got restaurants now. You've got wine. You've got beer. You've got sparkling water. You've got music. You've got the whole thing. You've got a limited number of these things and a growing pool of people that want them. Supply is constrained. Demand is growing. What's going to happen to price? So, you know, that's basically the way to think about nfTs, is it's something which is digitally scarce and is. It can be. It doesn't. It's a reference, really. What an NFT is, is a reference, okay? And so it's a. It's a new way of forming capital, forming resources. And so opening it up to the community and letting them run with these things, ultimately, is what creates this incredibly powerful network effect that just keeps compounding and compounding and compounding.
Speaker B: I think your marvel example is really helpful for people because it's something we know. It's also really freaky, because I was just thinking about Stanley. I interviewed him years ago in my favorite interview of all time. So if we kind of wrap it up on that point, why do you think you've been so successful?
Speaker A: I think that having a high propensity for educated, risk, informed risk is essential. Not taking risk financially is entrepreneurially or financially I think is the status quo. And so in order to have outperformance in any way, you have to be taking some risk. You just have to, there's absolutely nothing, or as they say, the only thing certain in life is death and taxes. You cannot wait until you're certain about something to participate. In my opinion. In my experience, if you are interested in something, get educated about it and figure out a way to financially participate. And so I think that to achieve that, you have to take financial risk, and you should do it in things that bring you some form of joy, curiosity, that stoke your curiosity. They intellectually interest you, they challenge you. And so I think when you are presented with those opportunities, with those topics, those industries, you know, whatever it might be, it behooves you to participate. There are, I can't tell you the number of people that are in my friends group and broader social group that they asked me the same thing, like, oh man, how did you were you early in domains and early in bitcoin? And I don't think I'm particularly smart. I just think that I'm very open minded. Which would be the second point. I think it's, you need to be willing to take risk, you need to be open minded. You need to be willing to change your mind. You know, at a moment's notice. If somebody can tell you something that you can't disprove, you need to be willing to say, maybe I was wrong. And it doesn't mean that they're right, but it means you need to be willing to accept that you might be wrong.
Speaker B: What about failure? How have you come to understand failure? Because when you're in frontier taking risks, there's going to be a lot of failure.
Speaker A: Yes. I don't give up easily, and I like to win. There's another saying. I love saying it, by the way. I love mantras. I love things that I can remember easily and just repeat to myself, because it's another form of discipline. There's little reminders. I write them on my walls, I keep them everywhere. But there's two that I think are pertinent. One is being early is the same as being wrong, and two is the first movers. The first wave usually takes the arrows in the back. I've experienced both of those things numerous times. And you know, I don't think this is revelational. I think that if you speak to really anybody that's been successful at any level, I think they probably by definition, have to feel this way, that failure is the fastest way to learn. Right. It's like the best lessons, you don't learn when you're right, you learn when you're wrong, right? And so I think that's, you know, and it's not like I was born with that. I was a sore loser. I'm not a, you know, I didn't passively walk off the field when I lost. I threw a tantrum and, you know, shout and yell and the whole bit. But, you know, with time and more losses and failures, you know, you just learn that this is part of the deal. If you're not failing, you're not trying hard enough. If you're not failing, then you're not taking enough risk. Again, it comes back to what we said earlier. It's like you cannot nobody, there's zero people that only win. Zero. There's nobody that only has success. I think that you have to identify that failure is part of the game. And the more failures you have, the more lessons you learn. The more lessons you learn, the more successes you'll have.
Speaker B: It is certainly a superpower that is shared with some of the most successful people we've had on. And we found in this podcast that people love talking about their worst trades even more than they love talking about their best trades, which is amazing and I think a testament to what you just said. Andrew, thank you so much for being on my life in four trades. It was amazing.
Speaker A: Thank you for listening. It's been a pleasure. What's up, revolutionaries? Thanks for tuning in. For more content like this, head over to realvision.com and get unfiltered access to the very best, brightest and biggest names in finance.
