Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited premium wireless. Everybody get 30. 30, baby get 30. Baby get 20. 2020, baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint.
Speaker C: Mobile.Com switch $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: Hello, everyone, and welcome back to real Vision Crypto Daily briefing. Here's why you should tune in to today's show. Is Genesis the next domino to fall? We'll analyze reports saying the crypto lender is on the verge of bankruptcy. We'll be joined live by Ian Andrews from chainalysis and the legal guru at Valkyrie Investment, Drew Hill. I'm Ash Bennington. Santiago Velez is with me today. Great to see you, Santiago. How you doing, man?
Speaker E: I'm doing great. Thanks for having me back.
Speaker D: Yeah, I'm sorry you had to join us on such a slow news day. Kidding.
Speaker E: I just can't wait to sit down at the dinner table on Thanksgiving and explain to my family why they should keep buying crypto. It's going to be a tough sell.
Speaker D: It's going to be tough Thanksgiving for lots of folks in the space. By the way, don't forget to subscribe crypto. It's free. If you're watching on YouTube, like and subscribe and hit the notification bell so, so you don't miss. When we go live, let's jump in to the latest price action. Bitcoin has bounced back from a two year low hit on Monday. Bitcoin went back above 16,000 in the past couple of hours after falling as low as 15,600. Bitcoin is currently trading at around $16,200. Investors remain on tenterhooks regarding the fate of brokerage genesis. More on that in just a second. Ether is up slightly on a 24 hours basis. That's also after recovering from a fall to looks like around $1,080 on Monday. ETH is changing hands at around $1,130 right now. Santiago, what are your thoughts on this market?
Speaker E: You know, it's surprisingly resilient. I would have expected with all of these unwinds even more legs down and to a greater extent. But it's held up pretty well. We're seeing a pretty good decoupling also from equities, sometimes in a good way, sometimes in a bad way. One thing a lot of people don't know is that there's a lot of bitcoin and ether off the exchanges. This really scared a lot of people to hold their assets in their private wallets, and that could mean a squeeze. So it's very interesting. It's more to see, I think, that we might have maybe another leg down. And the Fed, of course, will continue to raise rates. Lots of headwinds, but still surprisingly strong.
Speaker D: Yeah, you know, Santiago, you really hit it right on the head there. I would say one man's surprisingly resilient is another man's astonishingly decoupled from news flow. But to your point, look, as you say, the price has been remarkably range bound during this period of really, really ugly news flow. Let's get right to our top story. There's a lot of media reports making the rounds today that crypto lender Genesis could be about to go bankrupt if it doesn't find more funding, and fast. Genesis is part of the digital currency group. That's DCG, that's Barry Silbert Shop, a crypto conglomerate that also includes asset manager Grayscale and media outlet Coindesk. Santiago, obviously, this is a big deal.
Speaker E: Yeah. You know, contagion is the. Is the story of the day. Whether that. Whether that translates to DCG or not remains to be seen. It's known that they hold their bitcoin in custody with Coinbase, so it may not even be subject to the same kinds of risks that other firms have seen. But they did also refuse to disclose some critical information. Hopefully, we'll explore more of that today. So, you know, I know some people who are very interested in the discount in some of the grayscale investment products compared to spot. But, you know, we can also discount the fact that the SEC has yet to approve a spot bitcoin ETF. And I can't help but feel that that's a part of the. Part of the issue.
Speaker D: Yeah, two incredibly important points there. First, the idea that because there is no bitcoin ETF, investors who need to get exposure directly through their brokerage account, through us equity markets, are forced to do it with these closed end fund products. That is obviously a challenge for the space. But second, also the broader point that you just bring up about the implications for DCG, the parent company of Genesis, and what that means for the space. Look, we don't know. We don't have a crystal ball. There's been a lot of reporting out there a lot of speculation, a lot of analysis of that. I just wanted to go through some of it right now so we can try and unpack a little bit. To exactly your points, Santiago. So we know from the reporting that Genesis has been seeking, reportedly up to $1 billion in additional capital. I want to take a look here. Some reporting from Bloomberg. This is a direct statement that Genesis made to Bloomberg. Quote, we have no plans to file bankruptcy imminently, a representative for Genesis said in an emailed statement. This is an emailed statement to Bloomberg, quote, our goal is to resolve the current situation consensually without the need for any bankruptcy filing. Genesis continues to have constructive conversations with creditors, a representative for Genesis said in an email statement. So we're on pretty firm ground here. There's not a lot of speculation. This is direct from Bloomberg. Here's a little analysis in my interpretation. Uh, what's with that word imminently? What purpose does it serve in the Genesis statement? Uh, I guess we can't read into one word too much. But it's, it's a little weird, right? Like, I was joking around earlier that if I got a call from ral saying, listen, ash, I just need you to know that real vision has no plans to fire you imminently. Imminently. I'd be a little freaked out. Santiago, what do you make of this?
Speaker E: Well, uh, you know, this is the same pattern of, you know, don't panic. And obviously that means panic. And in this space, when you don't have proof of reserves and proof of liabilities, you just leave it subject to the whim of emotions, which is what drives investors. And unfortunately, without those assurances, people are going to act irrationally and out of fear. So not the best statement, I wouldn't have phrased it that way. And we'll probably see more news coming out soon on that.
Speaker D: Yeah, absolutely not the best statement. I wouldn't have phrased it that way either. Again, we probably can't read too much into one word, but it is certainly interesting. And by the way, to your point, spot on. Something that we've been talking about here on real vision, a great deal, proof of reserves, proof of assets, proof of liabilities. I really believe that this is the future. Lots of folks have been talking about the bad actors in the crypto space, and that's certainly true. We found out that there are bad actors in the crypto space, as if we didn't know that before. But the reality is, the challenge, I think, is the fact that we have these unregulated offshore entities, as you said, there's no way, for example, to get exposure onshore with a bitcoin or Ethereum ETF product. You go offshore, and then you just don't know what the assets are because they're unregulated. They don't make regular financial statements. They don't produce the same kind of documentation that publicly held companies do. They're not subject to the same kinds of laws. And of course, there's no lender of last resort. So when they fail, they just fail. By the way, I don't think there should be a lender of last resort. I think that would be a disaster for crypto. But the point is, this technology has the potential to be the solution itself to precisely your point. But I want to keep going here because there's some more news flow from Quartz, the business and finance publication from last night, and it's very interesting regarding Genesis, quote, the largest lender in crypto, Genesis Global Capital, engaged in the same kind of high risk lending practices that have brought down similar firms, a court's investigation found. Genesis abruptly halted operations last week, blaming crypto market declines and a crisis of confidence in the industry. It warned potential investors that it could face bankruptcy if it can't raise more capital. So a little background there and what we already know, once again, Genesis is the largest lender in crypto, according to courts news reporting. It goes on here to compare it to other funds. I'm just going to read this quote. There are the same practices that have already failed other leaders like Celsius, which filed for bankruptcy in July, and trading firms like Alameda Capital, the hedge funds attached to FTX that declared bankruptcy this month. Alameda took loans from Genesis. Alameda took loans from Genesis using FTX is now worthless, token as collateral, Reuters reported, though the amount of the debt is still unknown. Boy, that's got to be something that's got to freak you out a little bit if you're watching this space. So they're just out there flat out saying, hey, we see parallels to what's already happened with already bankrupt shops that's coming out of, uh, out of courts. As I said, I want to keep going because there's a little bit more here. Quote, in all courts's investigation of Genesis global Capital found. Okay, so, so here's what's new and original, uh, from courts, quote, Genesis sometimes offered unsecured loans to its clients, which use the borrowed money as a way to raise capital during the crypto bull market without having to sell their holdings because the loans were unsecured, meaning they weren't backed by borrowers assets. Genesis had nothing to collect when risky trades went south in the bear market. It's not clear how much of Genesis is lending was unsecured. It goes on, quote, major risks emerge in Genesis loans that were secured by collateral, which are assets the lender can take from the borrower if the loan goes belly up. That's because Genesis would sometimes lend out its clients collateral to other borrowers instead of keeping the funds locked, a practice known as rehypothecation that is closely regulated in traditional finance after it helped set off the global financial crisis, as many of us, of course, remember. So we've got unsecured lending on the one hand, and then we've got secured lending where the collateral is hypothecated and then re hypothecated again. Boy, this is starting to sound a lot like the global financial crisis, isn't it? And finally, and this is really kind of the culmination of everything, taking the risks that Genesis was taking in terms of the reporting by courts and summing it up and asking broader questions. Quote, Genesis Global Trading, the parent company of Genesis Global Capital, did not respond to requests for comment on its lending practices. Genesis trading also operates a crypto trading platform that it says is unaffected by the problems at Genesis and wider tumult in the crypto space. So they're making the point here that Genesis has a lot of lines of business that are not related to lending, that we don't know whether or not are affected. And of course, we don't know whether the parent company, DCG Digital currency group, is also affected. Santiago. There's just a tremendous amount of information there, secured and unsecured lending, both of which seem pretty shaky. And then the question of whether or not these lending practices within the lending unit of genesis broadly affect Genesis as a larger operating entity. I know it's a lot, Santiago, but what are your thoughts?
Speaker E: Well, first of all, I'd say the dollar is king. And the reason I say that is many of these loans are dollar denominated, but the collateral is in a digital asset, whether it's a bitcoin or an exchange token. And the problem is that when you have an asset that drops 90% in value in a bear market, all that collateralization is gone, the margin is gone, and you find yourself underwater very quickly because the debts are dollar denominated. So that's the first problem in terms of crypto lending writ large. But on top of that is the lack of transparency and the lack of firewalls between what these firms can and cannot do with their clients funds and to whom they lend to. So there's a host of litany of problems here.
Speaker D: Yeah, so much. Absolutely. So secured lending and unsecured lending. Secured lending that's been re hypothecated, and guess what? The value of the asset in some cases has declined 90%. And look, this gets right into the core comments that we were talking about, and more broadly here with the space. People call FTX an exchange, but in a weird way, it would never be allowed to exist that way in the traditional finance space. Sure, it's an exchange. It's also basically a broker dealer. It functions kind of like youre. Your Chuck Schwab or your e trade account. And by the way, it's also an investment bank because they're creating and spinning up tokens. And by the way, it's also a hedge fund because they're lending money to this sister company called Alameda. This would never, these would be four separate operating entities in traditional finance. Because we know that these things have gone wrong in the past. I want to switch gears here a little bit, because there's more new news flow coming out last night. This is going to Axios, which talks about Genesis parent company DCG. I think this really stitches the whole story together. Uh, so I'm going to go a little out of order here in the article. Uh, and this is the way, if, you know, if you read Axios articles, you know that they're divided into sections. And this is called why it matters. Digital currency Group, or DCG, founded by Barry Silbert in 2015, is among the largest crypto companies, sporting a valuation of $10 billion last year. It holds investments in some 165 companies, from public companies, including Coinbase Global, to well known private shops like Ripple and Ledgere. So, uh, quote, in other words, a hurt DCG would have industry wide repercussions. And here's why that's interesting. Uh, quote, this is a section called threat level. If Genesis were dealing with insolvency and concerns were to file for bankruptcy, that would imperil digital currency group. It is only speculation. There has been no reporting to suggest this outcome. So, close quote. So they're being very careful here, and for obvious reasons, because this story is really quite potentially explosive. If there are implications back to digital currency group, again, we don't know that, but there is some reporting that suggests that that may be the case, or that's potentially the case. We have to be very careful in the way we talk about it, Santiago. I mean, huge bombshell man.
Speaker E: Yeah, thank goodness. At least they're a us domiciled institution. So in theory, they should be governed by our laws here, and there should be more protections for investors and requirements that they have to meet to ensure that they're going to remain solvent. They're going to have those proper firewalls between themselves and genesis. So I'm not as concerned as I was with some of the offshore firms, but still, it could spread that contagion and it could mean a very big impact to the industry. It seems to me that we're, we have to relearn everything in the crypto space that the traditional financial markets already learned and already built in controls. And that's unfortunate.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile, unlimited premium wireless. How about to get 30? 30, baby, get 30, baby, get 20. 2020 to 2020. 1515, just $15 month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint mobile.com switch.
Speaker C: $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for a limited time, unlimited. More than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: Yeah, and this sort of rebuilding from a white sheet of paper, blank sheet of paper, is kind of the power of crypto. It's its glory, but it's also its risk and it's also its potential challenges. We see, as you say, Santiago, when we relearn those same lessons. And then there's this from the Wall Street Journal. Cryptocurrency firm Genesis Global is still trying to raise cash. We know this already, but here's the new information. The lender has approached a crypto exchange, binance, for an investment and to bid for its loan book, according to people familiar with the matter. And here it is. Here's the quote. Finance decided not to invest, fearful that some of Genesis is business could create a conflict of interest down the line. According to one of the people familiar with the matter, the company also approached private equity giant Apollo Global. But the bottom line here is they also approach Apollo Global. So, translation, no dice from Binance. When it comes to buying a piece of the business over there at Genesis, what do you make of it?
Speaker E: Well, you know, if you're on Twitter, getting the rejection letter from binance is the kiss of death. At least it was for FTX. It was kind of the straw that broke the camel's back. In this case, though, I'm not so sure that that's going to mean the same thing, but it certainly is not a vote of confidence from CZ. We'll see if they're able to bail themselves out here. But again, this is the private markets having to step in and take care of bad management versus the systemic risk that we had in zero eight. So I think this could end up still very badly for Genesis.
Speaker D: Yeah. So look, here's the deal, right? You're absolutely right. You can't overgeneralize from what's already happened. But the bottom line is that it's important to make that framework because that is a bit of the past and we hope it doesn't inform the future. But look, that's what happened. Look, I want to jump to this. I think this is the culmination of everything we've been talking about here. Grayscale is also owned by DCG Digital currency group. This is another operating entity within digital currency group. And I want to talk about their GBTC product. This is the Grayscale Bitcoin Trust. It's absolutely massive, as you can see there on the screen, $10 billion of assets under management. You can see that their total return is over 10,000% since the inception. Obviously, these guys bought in early to bitcoin, but off 73% on the trailing twelve months. At 73% decline. Trailing twelve months. That's just massive. I want to show two charts here that are really just at the core of everything that we've been talking about. First, the discount of Nav. That's net asset value of GBTC year to date. This is twelve month trailing. Look at that chart. It's incredibly ugly. You see there, it's now basically off 42%, down 42% year to date. It had been down 45% year to date yesterday. You can see that slight improvement in price over the last. I want to know, call it 12 hours. And then I want to show a second chart here. This is GBTC since inception. This is the max. What you can see on this chart, which is really interesting, is that flip back in 2017 when there was really no way for folks, for example, institutional investors to get exposure to bitcoin or people who were concerned about custody issues, lots of folks piled into the Grayscale bitcoin trust trade on the long end and it was. It was up over 100% premium premium to net asset value. This is an extraordinary, extraordinary flip. From 100%, from 100% of the premium down to a 45% discount. Look, let's talk about the size of this, because I think it's important. Again, we don't really know what the contingencies are. We don't really know how closely connected Genesis, Grayscale, GBTC, DCG, how connected all of these operating entities are. But we can talk about the scale of this. So if you take that net asset value of $10 billion and you divide it by the price, 16,200, right now, that's over 600,000 bitcoin. Unless my back of the envelope math is off. CNBC reported in May of this year, 2022, that GBTC grayscale digital currency group, however you want to frame it, if you follow the chain up, owns over 3% of the world's existing bitcoin. Santiago, how do you think about that scale?
Speaker E: I think everything up to this point has been largely confined to the crypto space, but GBTC has one of those properties where people can hold it in their 401k here in the US, and so that could see that contagion spread over, and then I think there'll be a strong political response. So hopefully this will be an inflection point where if you're a savvy investor and great scale turns out to be managing assets, well, this is an opportunity, so there's a significant discount. But if it turns out they're not, this could be a huge risk and a spillover effect.
Speaker D: Yeah, very well said. And that's certainly the risk, and that's what we're going to be watching here. Ok. With that said, let's bring in our guests. Ian Andrews is the chief marketing officer at Chainalysis. We're also joined by Drew Hill, general counsel at Valkyrie Investments. Gentlemen, welcome to the show.
Speaker F: Thanks for having us.
Speaker G: Yeah, thank you.
Speaker D: Excited to be here, Santiago. I'll let you take it away from here.
Speaker E: Great. I'd love to start with you, Ian, at chain analysis firm specializing in deep chain analytics. What can you tell us about.
Speaker D: How.
Speaker E: Transparent or on chain activity there is that could give us or shed some light on all of these events? Can we see what's happening under the hood?
Speaker G: Well, we actually published some data late last week, an update that went out on social media channels over the weekend. Post FTX fallout, we've seen a couple of interesting points of behavior. One, obviously, folks have lost trust in centralized exchanges. There's been a large amount of movement from exchanges into personal wallets. That's counter to past incidents of situations like this in the crypto ecosystem, where usually there's a rush to safety onto exchanges and often an exit from crypto back into fiat. We're actually not seeing that behavior yet in the data. The other interesting point that we've seen is an uptick in volume on decentralized platforms. And so there's quite a lot of volatility, obviously, in the market, as your chart showed earlier, and we're seeing traders taking advantage of that intraday movement. Transaction volumes are up quite a bit on dexs.
Speaker E: Well, so given that, assuming that much of this transaction volume is on, say, an Ethereum Dex, it must be a representation of, say, bitcoin that a counterparty must hold. So is it a fair statement to say that people are trading one counterparty risk for another? Or would you say that people are just saying, look, we lost confidence in some of the large exchange providers and we prefer to use these representations on chain?
Speaker G: I actually think that the two are somewhat uncorrelated. If you think about how people use centralized exchanges today, your average retail investor, probably not deeply technically savvy in the underlying technology of crypto. They're probably less likely to jump straight to a decentralized exchange platform, which requires a level of technical knowledge both of crypto and of trading. So I think we have one pattern of activity, which is your average retail user flight to safety, where safe, is now my personal crypto wallet as a browser extension or maybe a hardware device. And then separately we have professional traders, institutional money increasing their activity, corresponding to the market volatility, where we've got arbitrage trades happening. We haven't yet observed any particular trade off of bitcoin onto eth or the reverse yet, but we're certainly looking at.
Speaker E: The data, I guess, throughout all this activity, big brother's watching. The us government is very interested in the flows from the various exchanges and probably use some of this data to facilitate any ongoing investigations. Can you shed any light on how the interest from the government has escalated?
Speaker G: Yeah, in spirit of full transparency. So the FTX post bankruptcy declaration, the parties who are administering that have engaged chainalysis to help manage the assessment of assets, as well as the theft that occurred late last week in an attempt to recover stolen funds from that case. So we are involved in both, and authorities are obviously looking throughout the situation, and many of those organizations have chainalysis technology that they're using to attempt to recover some of the stolen funds.
Speaker E: Yeah, and I guess that's one of the challenges with digital assets and blockchains in general, is that they're global, and so they kind of cross over multiple jurisdictions and sometimes multiple chains. So I'd like to turn the conversation over to Drew. Drew, what's your perspective as a general counsel in this whole mess? What would you advise and what do you think's going to happen going forward?
Speaker F: Well, first of all, just want to do my legal disclaimer that these are my opinions, not those of Valkyrie investments. And also I can't give legal advice here, as you know. But from my perspective, you guys are really circling on the big picture. That's important. And I think that we are seeing the need for prudent, thoughtful regulation around centralized exchanges in the United States. And I think part and parcel of that is almost a Volcker style rule, preventing exchanges from engaging in these egregious affiliate behaviors. Hedge funds lending, rehypothecation, all the things you guys have hit on the, I would not be surprised to see regulators taking a very close look on that and using perhaps a rollout of a digital dollar or something else as a regulatory hook to get the exchanges under some regulators umbrella, whether it's treasury or the SEC.
Speaker E: Yeah, I couldn't agree more. No good crisis goes unwasted, and I think they'll try to push in, hopefully not too heavy handed a regulation, but it's going to come. There's just simply no way around it. How would you address the fact that many of these exchanges and these issues are offshore, and to what extent would us regulations impact that kind of behavior? We'll still have us citizens using VPN's and trying to get around it. So what are your thoughts there?
Speaker F: Yeah, as you note, I mean, pushing things offshore doesn't work in a digital world. Right. But the reality is the dollar is king. People need to be in the us banking system. You know, there's certainly heavy handed regulation across the world because if you get cut out of the us banking system, you're effectively dead. So, you know, I think you can see that continue. But in my mind, the critical piece, at least now, is that, you know, a US exchange, for example, should not have an international affiliate that would allow it to skirt us regulations and do some of the things that we've seen with FTX, Alameda and all the other fallout.
Speaker E: Yeah, and that seems to be the formula so far is that there's a us variant of the exchange and then an international variant, and they operate under completely different offerings or rules, but there's a lot of cross communication and sometimes there's a lot of assets that flow across those. So there really aren't strict firewalls and there certainly aren't strict governance and board oversights that are independent. So it's still deeply problematic so I agree with you. I think the regulations are going to come in and draw those lines very clearly. Turn it back to you, Ian, what do you think? How do you create separation in what is a global assets? How do you provide regulatory frameworks and then verify that these parties are complying with them? How would you even start that process?
Speaker G: Well, I think there's an interesting point to be made here, which is the asset is global in nature. It trades 24/7 all around the world. A regulatory framework that only applies in the United States without collaboration with international partners is ultimately going to be unaffected. In every case. We saw this with FTX, where there's a us subsidiary domiciled in country, but not isolated effectively from an international party, as far as we've seen, so far as the evidence has come out. And so I actually think the opposite approach is necessary here, which is collaboration between us regulators, their counterparts all around the world, will lead to a more effective approach here. We've seen this work successfully in the context of money laundering. A lot of the efforts led by FATF, which is an international financial action task force, have led to great outcomes. Certainly not perfect room for improvement. But I think that international coalition is really what's going to be necessary in the context of technology behind cryptocurrency.
Speaker H: This episode is brought to you by La Quinta by Wyndham. Your work can take you all over the place, like Texas you've never been, but it's going to be great because you're staying at La Quinta by Wyndham. Their free bright side breakfast will give you energy for the day ahead. And after, you can unwind using their free high speed wi fi. Tonight, La Quinta. Tomorrow you shine. Book your stay today@lq.com.
Speaker D: Dot I wanted to jump back in here with some two additional news stories for the panel to talk about. So first, Bloomberg is reporting that us authorities have been investigating FTX for months before it collapsed. Bloomberg sources say the us attorney's office for the Southern District of New York spent several months working on sweeping examination of cryptocurrency platforms with us and offshore arms, and it started poking into FTX's massive exchange operation. Sources say the focus was on compliance with the Bank Secrecy act that obligates financial institutions to take steps to prevent money laundering and terrorism financing. Also, additionally, we're learning more about the financial situation at FTX. According to documents seen by Coindesk, the company has $1.2 billion in cash reserves. That's far from the 3.1 billion it owes to its top 50 creditors alone. Santiago. Ian drew, lots to talk about here. People, it seems, have some concerns about the availability to meet those debts.
Speaker E: Well, I'd love to hear what Drew has to say with, regarding the Bank Secrecy act and the investigation from FDX.
Speaker F: It's not surprising at all, given again, the limited regulators up till now have sort of been nibbling around the edges, and so they're using the tools that they have and disposal to try to get under the hood. But as we saw, I mean, a lot can go on offshore, even if it's in the auspices of money laundering or terrorist financing. There's only so much you can see. And obviously the transparency of a blockchain makes tracing transactions easy. But for a regulator, that was a natural inroad. But there's only so much they can do without, I think, a fully hatched regulatory framework, whether it's us or international.
Speaker G: The fact is, as an industry, I think there was a high degree of trust extended to FTX. It was not a secret that FTX and Alameda had a close relationship. And so if you're looking at on chain activity exchanges between those two entities or any of the other subsidiaries across the FTX empire, you could see some of that activity on chain. But the on chain data alone doesn't give, necessarily motivation or reason behind the transfer. And so we find ourselves in the situation where a generally trusted party doing something that doesn't have an obvious illicit motivation behind it gets overlooked. You combine that with this sort of regulatory arbitrage of offshore domiciled entities or a complex organizational structure. I think there were over 130 different subsidiaries in the bankruptcy filing. So you have a lot of complexity about whose job is it to be looking at these things? That's unclear. And so back to my earlier point, this is a case where some international collaboration, absolutely necessary to prevent this happening again.
Speaker E: Yeah, this is a huge puzzle, and there's lots of pieces, and they're all moving. And so the problem is, how do you get a clear picture of what's going on? Different regulators, different jurisdictions on chain activity and, of course, off chain activity. We now know that a lot of the activity of trades was using assets that they didn't even have in custody. So these are all issues that have to be dealt with, and it's going to be a long and unwinding process. So this isn't going to clear itself up quickly. So this will likely be a strong headwind.
Speaker D: Back to you, Ash, once again today, another fantastic conversation. Here are my key takeaways. Ian believes that individual investors are fleeing centralized exchanges for the safety of self custody. Dexs are not a viable alternative for some in the retail space right now. And also, chainalysis is involved in helping to recover stolen funds from FTX. Ian, did I get that right? Anything you'd add there?
Speaker G: Yeah, you nailed it.
Speaker D: Ash, from Drew. We're seeing the need for prudent and thoughtful regulation here in the United States. We need a Volcker rule to separate the activities of exchanges to keep them from operating effectively. Hedge funds, broker dealers, investment banks, all rolled in. Asset managers, I guess, all rolled into one entity. And I think there's broad agreement from Ian. Andrew that we also need more prudent, thoughtful regulation. Drew, does that about sum it up? Anything you'd like to add?
Speaker F: Yeah, that sums it up. And I think, you know, the other. The point you guys make is we have technology tools here, so proof of reserves is great. One. One part of the equation. The other part of the equation is liabilities, because we can't. We can't know if the exchange has what it has. And, you know, quite honestly, you know, exchanges shouldn't be lending client funds, shouldn't be using client funds. So we need to have assurances that they're nothing.
Speaker D: What a concept, right? Something we've known about for 100 years, I suppose, in the traditional financial space. Here are my key takeaways. I think the most important story right now in terms of knock on effects from the FTX exchange is what happens with Genesis. Obviously, it's impossible to say whether or not it will file for bankruptcy. We know that these meetings are ongoing, that they've sought to raise a great deal of cash. We also know that the parent company, DCG, owns Grayscale investments, which is the controlling entity in GBTC. Grayscale, Bitcoin trust. What the relationships are between those two companies is unknown. What would happen to, for example, grayscale in the event of a bankruptcy over at Genesis, also unknown, and the fate of Genesis, unknown. So there are a lot of unknowns here. However, it's fair to say that they are interconnected at some level, and the scale of their ownership in bitcoin is absolutely massive. So that's something we're going to watch again. We can't draw any firm conclusions here. We've tried to provide the best and most current reporting on this in terms of what's known right now in terms of the facts. But right now, we're still waiting to see what unfolds next. Santiago, any key takeaways that you have? Anything you'd like to leave our audience with.
Speaker E: I think incentives drives behaviors. So if we, if there's money to be made offshore and through regulatory arbitrage, people will find that path. And so I think it's incumbent on legislators to draft regulations that don't try to fit a square peg into a round hole. Right. That it looks at this space uniquely and its attributes and its properties. Right. For transparency and drafts meaningful legislation. So people feel safe investing in this asset class here in the US domestically.
Speaker D: Yeah, obviously some great key takeaways there. I wanted to go to some viewer questions, but before that, please remember to smash the like button on YouTube. Smash everything in front of you. Click subscribe if you can so that you can get the late, the latest updates from us here at real Vision Crypto daily briefing. Here's a comment from Mister Woof on YouTube asking what happens from large mining operations that moved from China if BTC goes to 12,000 and the price of electricity goes up for the winter? This is obviously a question tangential to what we're talking about, but it's certainly an interesting one. Anyone want to take a stab at that capitulation?
Speaker E: The largest mining operators, the opex and capex, are entirely dependent on the market and forces. So that means if electricity prices go up, only the strongest and largest will survive. And I think that pattern is going to continue. And that could mean liquidation in the ASIC. The hardware hash prices going down and bitcoin will find a new equilibrium. Blocks will keep amending, be amended on schedule. Normally, it's just that the number of players will be reduced.
Speaker D: Yeah, defi guy on YouTube wants to know thoughts on security of centralized exchanges? Well, I guess we found out after a half billion dollar hack over at FTX that there are some issues, but more generalized thoughts on the security of centralized exchanges. Guys.
Speaker E: My personal if an exchange is not using NPC multiparty computing or has a strong cold storage practices, you should be very cautious about leaving your assets for any extended period of time there.
Speaker D: Ian, you take a look at a lot of data. What's your take on security at centralized exchanges more broadly?
Speaker G: I think there is a wide range across the ecosystem of both security and trustability. There's definitely some places that I personally keep my money, so I would not say that everyone should be out there fleeing a centralized exchange. You know, as the saying goes, you've got to do your own research and try and ascertain who you're dealing with as well.
Speaker D: Yeah. Santiago, anything to add? Drew, final thoughts?
Speaker F: Yeah. On that front yeah. There is a wide spectrum of kind of custody in the space, and I think that's another area that would be a nice place to look for standards. It's not quite the same to have custody of a digital asset as opposed to custody of a traditional security. So some of the frameworks that we have in traditional finance don't necessarily apply in the same way. So you really need someone with a technical expertise that is different.
Speaker D: Yeah. Santiago, jump in. Final word goes to you.
Speaker E: Yeah. I think Drew nailed it. We need a standard. If there should be a gold star for custody and maintaining other people's assets on bear instruments, which is new and unique as compared to traditional securities, there's no central clearinghouse. So if we're going to have all these different parties around the world managing other people's assets, there should be a gold standard.
Speaker D: Guys, this was an epic five star show here today. I think really one of the great ones that we've done. Lots of breaking news. Ian, Drew, Santiago, thank all of you for joining us. Incredible. Really incredible conversation here today.
Speaker F: My pleasure. Thanks again.
Speaker G: Thank you.
Speaker D: That's it for today. Don't forget to subscribe. Real vision crypto is free. For those of you watching on YouTube. Smash everything the like, button the bell and subscribe. Join us again tomorrow. Investor Mike Alford and Sam Kessler from Coindesk will be with us live. See you at noon eastern time, 05:00 p.m. london live on real Vision Crypto daily briefing. Have a great day, everybody.
