Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling wherever you sell. With Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your dollar one per month trial period@shopify.com. tech all lowercase. That's Shopify.com tech.
Speaker B: Picture yourself on a beach, retired early and enjoying financial freedom. If this is your dream, then now's the time to level up your investing game and real vision can help you. We arm you with the knowledge, the tools and the network to succeed on your financial journey on your own terms. Take control of your future and visit realvision.com free. That's realvision.com free.
Speaker C: Hi everyone. Listen, one of the key things we all need to do is brush up on our skills and we talk about this a lot. At real vision. I talk about it. This is an endless learning journey for all of us, how to become better investors. And I think that, as you know from my recent pieces, is that 2024 and 2025 are going to be banner macro years. There's opportunities everywhere and we don't want to fuck it up. And we want to also unfuck our future, give ourselves the opportunities that we deserve. And that requires work. It requires work and it requires a bit of education. I passionately believe in that education. So to kick off January, we want to do something different. We want to make it all about education, to give you all of those tools that you're going to need to make yourself have that advantage that you need. So if you remember, we believe at real vision that the answer to, to successful investing is knowledge, tools and network. This month is all about knowledge, how to get from information to knowledge and into wisdom. So the first part is going to be my life in four trades where you're going to learn from incredible people what they learnt in their journey. That applied learning, I think is priceless because we want to relate to something. We don't want heavy education. We want something that makes it easy for us to absorb. And we can absorb from David Rosenberg, Diego Pariah, Dee Smith. These guys will teach you what they've learned in their careers about investing and in life in general. And those are always priceless. Some of my favorite content on the platform. But after that we'll also have a week around exponential age and technology investing. As you know, I think it's a really crucial theme for us all. We're coming into one of the most important points in the history of technology and humanity, and we need to all learn how to navigate this then macro. I think 2024 is a macro year. There's going to be a lot of opportunities in macro, and you're all going to need to brush up your skills just to figure out not to get the wrong side of this. It's too easy to get the doom mongering narrative because it feels kind of sophisticated or alluring, but often it'll get it all wrong for you. So I want to give you the tool so you can make up your mind where the year is going and how to profit from it. And then crypto. As you know, crypto spring is going to transition to crypto summer. And this is all about not fucking it up. How to understand how to navigate crypto and how to navigate your portfolio and not make the classic mistakes in such a fast moving market. So hopefully you'll get a lot of value out of that. And then finally, we want to do something new. Many of you are trying to figure out your own personal finances. Now, I'm not talking about not having a Starbucks and saving a few bucks a day or whatever, none of that nonsense. It's the big things that matter. The things that matter in your life. Like do I buy? Do I rent? How do I think about my kids future, their future school fees? How do I think about 401 ks? How do I think about my investing portfolio? How do I save money? What really matters to me? Those things, personal finance, are really important. Many of you are into your mid thirties now. You're just at that point where you're having kids. You're trying to figure this out. Your career is taking off, and there's a lot to figure out. And things are expensive and you can't afford the things that you want. So we're going to help you with that, too. Help you make some intelligent life decisions. You'll get practical lessons and also lessons from many of us who've navigated these times ourselves. Anyway, none of these are going to be long winded courses, but they are going to be incredibly valuable. You just need to come onto the platform and you'll be served some amazing education. And at the end of January and into February, you'll be well set, well set to deliver to yourself what you deserve. Anyway, we look forward to seeing you, look forward to your engagement. All the questions you want to bring, we're there for you. All right, take care out there.
Speaker B: We hope you enjoyed this episode at real vision, realvolvin we arm you with expert knowledge, time efficient tools and a powerful network to help you succeed on your financial journey. Get a taste of financial freedom with our free offer@realvision.com. free? That's realvision.com free.
