Speaker A: Golddealer.com provides one of the nation's largest inventories of gold, silver, platinum, palladium and rhodium bullion, and our website offers live buy and sell prices. We specialize in precious metal IRA accounts, charge no setup or shipping fees, and provide one of the best storage programs in the business. GoldDealer.com also provides a free audio quote line that is updated twice each day and a gold newsletter that is published every week.
Speaker B: Hey there.
Speaker C: This episode of Raoul's Adventures in Crypto is sponsored by the Token 2049 Blockchain Conference. Join over 10,000 attendees for this year's biggest crypto event at Token 2049 Singapore on the 13th and 14 September, Balaji Srinivasan, Mike Novogratz, Arthur Hayes and over 200 others will hit the stage, joining the industry's most influential names for an unforgettable experience. Ahead of the iconic Formula one Grand Prix race weekend, Singapore will transform into a crypto hub for a week from the 11th to the 17 September, with over 3300 site events that make for unparalleled networking opportunities. Builders and investors at the bleeding edge of innovation will drive an agenda that covers ever evolving topics ranging from the regulatory landscape to the convergence of crypto and AI. Web three gaming nfts in the metaverse, defi scalability, interoperability and much, much more. Visit T 2049 co realvision that's T 2049 co realvision for 65% off regular ticket prices with the code realvision or click on the link below in the description.
Speaker D: So one of my favorite people in the entire world of crypto web three is Ian Rogers. Ian and I are good friends. I haven't caught up with him in ages. He's super busy, I'm super busy. So this is going to be our chance to catch up together and shoot the breeze. Find out what's going on at Ledger, what's going on with him, and also just his thoughts on the space overall. He's always got different, unique perspectives and it's always worth a listen. So let's enjoy the world of crypto is an incredibly exciting journey that we're all going on together. We don't know where it's leading to, but we know it's going to be absolutely massive. Join me, Raoul Pal, as I guide you on our adventure to discover just what this new world will look like. Ian, fabulous to see you again.
Speaker B: Thank you for having me back to see you.
Speaker D: It's good because we actually haven't caught up properly for a while, so this is just a proper catch up that we've been long overdue having.
Speaker B: And it's a pretty interesting moment to have. It really feels like we're between stations right now on this ride, right?
Speaker D: Yeah, I think so. Let's get your top down thoughts on all of this right now, because it's been, last year was a miserable, bloody year. This year has been a bit of a grind, but there's a lot going on as well. How are you thinking about what's happening right now?
Speaker B: Well, for us, you know, there's been so it's been a really kind of mixed emotions for the past year for ledger, because so much of what's gone on in the world of crypto has, you know, pointed to the foundations that we've always pointed to. You know, our worldview is, is that, you know, humans will have more digital things and digital value and digital things in their life tomorrow than they, than they do today. Because of that, we'll need really a fundamental change in computing. Every revolution comes, has hardware that comes with it, whether it's the personal computer or the smartphone. And with a revolution of digital assets, you'll have another hardware revolution. Because if we're going to have digital value, then the phones we have in our pockets and the computers we have on our desktops are not sufficient to power that world. In the same way that I always say, I had a cell phone in 2002, but it was really bad at the Internet, and I really believed that the Internet would be a big part of my life in the future in 2002. So those two things were kind of incongruous, and I really believed that they would ultimately work themselves out. And the way that they did was even more interesting, less predictable than I could have thought at the time. And the same, we always overestimate in the short term, and underestimate in the long term was definitely true. So I think if you look at last year, there were all these moments where ledger sales would jump by five or six x in a 24 hours period, whether its Celsius going illiquid or Solana getting hacked. With November and FTX, we had best sales day followed by the best sales day, followed by the best Black Friday. And ultimately November was the best month on record for Ledger. So while it was terrible for the industry, I think that people understood our value proposition better in December than they did in October. So I dont think thats a good thing for the world. But it definitely made my life easier in terms of telling people that self custody is important and security is important because FTX was not only a failure of, of lack of self custody, but it was also the way that they managed enterprise security was horrendous, and that got exposed as part of it as well. And then if you come back to the start of 2023 and SVB, that was another thing we absolutely could not have predicted. We thought, okay, questioning burgeoning crypto exchanges is one thing, but questioning banks, that wasn't on my bingo card when I started at Ledger in January of 2021. I think with all those things, I think it's really, our value prop is the right one, and it has been. We have had multiple opportunities to show that. But at the same time, it's got a big impact on the overall market, and that market is a slowdown, huge slowdown in new people coming into the space. So where we were pretty flat, 2021, 2022, we've seen the same slowdown that others have had in 2023. And we're really using that as the opportunity to get ready for what we feel is we want to be ready for 2024. We don't want to be. The reality is we could have sold more in 2021 had we had the inventory, the product. There were things that we werent ready for in 2021 when things really took off. We didnt have the inventory that we needed to meet all the market demand. We werent properly integrated into metamask at a time when nfts were taking off. These things that are very practical, where you have to be ready for the market when the market goes for us, thats what weve been spending the year doing, is making sure that were ready for whatever comes in 2024. Now, we know that that story will be different than it was in 2021. So were trying to predict what we think that might be. But we know that therell be another wave. Itll bring a whole bunch of new people in, and those people are going to need security and self custody, just like people in every other wave have done and were and trying to be ready for what that next step up looks like.
Speaker D: Preston. Yeah. When I first got into bitcoin back in 20, 12, 13, it was like the Cyprus banking crisis and the european banking crisis. And I realized that you own nothing in a bank, and the need was for bearer assets, and the only one we had was gold, because everything else had stopped becoming a bearer asset. In an overly leveraged system, you don't own anything. You own a fraction of what you think you do because they own it. And that realization for me is what took me down this rabbit hole. Really interesting to see it play out in the United States, where people realize that your money in a bank is not your money. Yes, they get bailed out, but not always. And they were bailed in, in Europe. So you just lost a percentage of your. Well, everybody in Cyprus lost everything over 100 grand. So if you were a gas station and had a big float, that's it, all gone. I mean, staggering. Once you realize the reality of that, now we're seeing the world operating at Twitter speed, where people can remove their money from a bank in seconds. It makes everything more precarious. And there is no stronger argument for bearer assets with self custody than this.
Speaker B: Maybe a punchline to everything that I said was being on stage with Tim Draper at his conference in northern California a couple of months back. You've got a lot of his startups in the audience. And Tim turned to the audience and encouraged everyone to take two months of payroll and put it on a ledger, because then no bank run is possible. No bank run. Now you've got two months of payroll that, you know, you'll always be able to pay. And so, like I said, that wasn't on my bingo card that, you know, that we would go to, you know, go to that, go to that place. But I do think, you know, while it's painful, it's also good, because, to your point, like, this is why we're all here. You know, this is a, um. This. This really is a revolution. Um, and it. And there is a, you know, there is a, like, self custody is freedom in. In its way. Um, and if not self custody, why crypto? You know, that's always been our. Our mantra. And, you know, but two years ago, I would have people that really thought they were like, oh, come on, Ian, you're such an idealist. We've got these great exchanges with lots of features and good liquidity and great rates like FTX and binance. And what are you worried about, dude, come on, lighten up. I don't have that conversation anymore. Now it's a question of what can you do with it and how do you make it easier to use. For us, stacks is a step toward making a more consumer friendly device, a device you can imagine not only selling at best Buy, but also selling it, you know, something that's very consumer like. Target and ledger recover, which we took a lot of arrows on this summer, we believe is a. Is. Is really necessary. There are so many people, you know, that. That tell us every day that. That they want this product. I can understand also why people who are very, you know, early in crypto, you know, it's not what they want. Okay, that's fine. It's nothing. You know, it's an optional thing that they don't have to have or even be affected by. But we all want the next wave of people to, you know, to be able to have both security and self custody. And it's a question of, if not that, how.
Speaker D: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker A: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what. With each vendor, Ramp software collects and verifies receipts instantly. To save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments. Time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line. The if you're a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get $250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy ramp.com easy ramp.com easy currents issued by Sutton bank.
Speaker B: And celtic bank members have Dic.
Speaker A: Terms and conditions apply.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think the point you raised earlier is like, we don't know what the next wave is going to be like, but it's likely to be more consumer than the past wave because each one has been. And so therefore we. And you've always been. You know, I've followed your whole journey because your basic journey has been to abstract this all the way in the end. And you have to get there, because the complexity of the space is not for everybody. It's impossible to get your 80 year old mums to do something like this and to have a seed phrase. I mean, it's nonsense. But like you, I understand that some people really don't want that, and that's okay. But I think the recover idea, I mean, I caught up with Pascal. I think it was in Miami at Dan Tapieros do, and you and I chatted. It's like somebody has to make it easier, and there's trade offs with everything. It's like ethereum has a trade off versus bitcoin in terms of security or whatever it may be. And that has to be allowed, because if not, then it'll just be a small group of people nerding out with each other.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think, you know, for us, again, self custody and security are the name of the game. So how can we provide those things and bring it to more people? And your point about the next wave is. Right, but also, I would say the last one, again, you've got 425 million people who own assets, and you've got fewer than 10 million people who have hardware wallets. So that means that we talk about this thing, crypto. I think any of us who are really serious and thoughtful about it can get our heads around. If not self custody, why crypto? But then we look at the space and go, well, how many people are on exchanges after everything thats happened, still not in a self custody environment or on software wallets after everything thats happened and watching so many friends lose their funds, still not secure? And why havent they moved? Well, thats what we do, is we talk to people every day. What would do you use ledger? How do you use it? You know, and there's, and there's, you know, the answers are, they're all very human. Right. We all, you know, nobody, there's the same reason that we know, we know we shouldn't. But lots of people that, you know, you respect as intelligent people, reuse the same password all over the place. Right. Even though we know it's terrible practice. You know, they're human beings. Human beings. They make mistakes. So, you know, it's now, if you now what happens when that number of people holding crypto goes to a billion, which is very likely to happen in the next, in the next run? And how do they do it? Do they do it by getting a little bit of exposure on Robin Hood? And do they do it by putting, by just buying ethereum, putting in a metamask? I mean, that, to me, is the question that we all need to ask ourselves. It's like, how do we expect people to do that? There are lots of us that spend a lot of time thinking about this, and we spend a lot of time thinking about our operational security, et cetera. But, yeah, the average person doesn't do that around passwords. There's another opportunity. By the way, I'm now using my ledger as my second factor on things like Twitter, my kraken account, my login dot gov account. My second factor is, is my ledger. So, you know, it's, it's a, it's, it's really a security application. Right. Or, you know, a security product. And if we have, we've already got digital, we already have digital lives. And, you know, I believe that goes a lot further than, than it is today, that a lot of our things, not just things of value, but a lot of our stuff is, is, is digital. Ultimately, our passport is digital. Um, you know, our, a lot of our value is digital. I think it's really heterogeneous, just like it is in our wallet today, where, you know, I've got, I've got one wallet that has lower security, that, you know, where I can spend up to x. I've got, you know, I've got sort of just like I do in my wallet today. I've got a debit card, a credit card, cash, bank accounts that are not accessible from my wallet, et cetera. Right. That's the way we live our lives today. I think future looks a lot like that, except the value itself is digital. That value includes our identity, and we have hardware and software thats capable of helping us manage that life. I dont think thats a big stretch. I think its a foregone conclusion. The question is, how do you get there?
Speaker D: If you follow the chain of thought that everything will be digitized and blockchain is the secure way of digitizing things and maintaining value or identity and stuff like that, then that opens people's minds up to how much bigger the opportunity is for ledger, because it's not just about storing your nfts or storing your bitcoin that you bought and don't keep on exchange. It's like all of your digital life has to be secure. Well, there's elements of security, some things you want completely offline and other things you'll use because it's on your phone. And that's okay for that level of security, but I think it's a much, much bigger thing. And Dan Tapiero was explaining that when I was at his recent event, it was just a very simple value proposition. And we don't know how it's going to happen, but it will happen.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think that's exactly right. That is exactly our vision. I think that to us, your wallet is not just your bitcoin back, it ultimately, you have multiple wallets, and they have, you know, they serve different purposes, just like you have different, you know, different ways of making, you know, making payments, and they have different limits and serve different purposes. And that, that's certainly the world that we're going to. It's also why, you know, we think things like, you know, account abstraction are, you know, incredibly interesting and undoubtedly, um, a part of the future because, um, you know, it's, again, it won't be homogeneous, it won't be, you know, really just one thing. It wont be just again. I think some people think ledger and they just think big bag of bitcoin. It wont be that. It will be many things.
Speaker D: William, before we go forward a bit, lets go over the recovery issue and all the noise around it. Just clarify for everybody what the whole situation was about and how you see it.
Speaker B: Sure we have. So we've been working really for quite a long time. We started talking about it right when I joined the company in January of 2021. This product called Recover, and what it is is it's seed phrase, backup and recovery. So it's a pay service. We'll charge $10 a month for it. And if you don't choose to pay for it, it doesn't have any impact on your device or your security or anything. There's no holes, there's no back doors. And I think I'll just quickly, the way it works is it takes your private key, encrypts it, shards it into three, and then stores the encrypted shards with three different custodians, one in France, one in the UK, one in the US, and then it associates that account with your identity. So it's not a KYC, but it is an identification process. And if you need to recover your funds, you can use your identity to recover those funds. And also there's $50,000 of coverage in the event that the recovery doesn't work or it's recovered to the wrong person, that sort of thing. The recovery doesnt work in some sort of way. So the reason for the product is that, again, 425 million people holding crypto, fewer than 10 million of them have hardware wallets. How do we get those remaining 400 million people into a secure self custody environment? Also knowing that 90 plus percent of them have less than $50,000 in value in that account? Right. So if you think about it from that angle, I think that the product makes a ton of sense. There are a lot of people for whom that product is perfect. They can still be the custodian of their 24 words, and they should be. But in the case, like many people, they lose it. They have bad OPSEC, they need to recover the funds, and they can't get to the 24 words. They can use ledger recover to do that. We screwed up. The communication on this one was just a screw up in that we, first of all, we've been talking about this publicly for so long that we didn't think anyone cared, if I'm honest. We've been talking about it publicly and.
Speaker D: There'S a fragile time in the market as well.
Speaker B: It was just, I think that definitely feeling, I think that definitely, and also, I'll tell you what we did, and I'll give my commentary on it. A week early, the firmware went out and there was a mention of it in the firmware without explaining the product. So people jumped to conclusions about what the product is and how the product or what this change might do to someone who didn't opt in before we had the ability to explain to them what the product was and that there was no impact if you didn't opt in. So, and I think, like you said, it was a fragile time in the market and people were open to fud. Also, I think it's just about, about audience, because the fact of the matter is, two weeks earlier we had announced this product and wired, but, you know, two weeks later, the release notes went on Reddit and Twitter and went ballistic. So it also, it says something about media, too. Like, you know, the, the people who might care about this and about this issue certainly don't read wired. They do read Reddit and Twitter. No news flash for anyone. But, you know, there's definitely a bifurcation. I think it really, definitely taught me something that I could have said out loud, but is now deeply internalized for me about communication itself. And that, you know, it's very difficult to talk to people who have been in the space since, you know, 2012 to 2015 and newcomers in the space at the same time. It's a very, very, very difficult, um, task. And so, frankly, I won't try again. Um, I will, uh, you know, have, have, um, you know, there, there's just, there are two different audiences with two different needs, and, you know, we really need to stay true to that, um, original audience, um, you know, and be mindful of that audience when we're launching new, new products like this.
Speaker D: And I think that product, like an OG product and a mass consumer product, I mean, how are you thinking it?
Speaker B: I think you can actually serve both. I mean, there are seed phrase backup and recovery methods that, that audience values, and it's important that we listen and we do those things. There are features that are about freedom and privacy that are important, and they're part of our values, and we need to make sure that that is well understood. And at the same time, it's good for all of us, including ogs, if we successfully bring on the next 100 million to 500 million people into the space. So I don't think they're necessarily at odds with one another. There's no way to make everybody happy. And it would be foolish to try, but I think it's important for us to acknowledge where we, we, you know, we, we assumed people didn't care when they very clearly do. Um, and that was a mistake on, on our part. You know, again, I think for us, we felt like we'd been talking about this product for two years and we put it in wired. And, you know, when then when people finally cared, we went, wait, where have you been all this time? But, you know, that, that's on us. You know, we're the ones that are doing the communicating. Other people are just doing the listening. So I think there was definitely a really important lesson learned in that for us. That said, we still feel it's a very important product. So the move that we made after a lot of pushback from the audience was to say, we hear you. We're going to open source this. It's actually a good opportunity for us to open source more of our code anyway. Something that we want to do. 90 plus percent of what we do is already open sourced. Theres key pieces of it that are not yet open sourced. And the only reason we havent done it is just time. Youve always got, especially in either market, the markets either racing and youre trying to keep up or the markets down and youre more resource constrained. But youve always got, as one of my best friends always used to say, 20 pounds of shit in a five pound bag. Thats always true. Weve never had time to do the, you know, the full kind of open source that we've done. And we took this moment to say, okay, we hear you. We're going to, we're going to do both these things at once. We're going to open source more key pieces of, of the code and that will give, and we'll, we'll publish a white paper on exactly how, how recover works. And that'll have also advantages for the ecosystem where you can kind of roll your own endpoints if you'd like and gives, you know, more flexibility. And hopefully, you know, by doing this, we can achieve what everybody wants. Ogs want more visibility. So do we. No difference in opinion there. But also we want to be able to have a good four pay feature for newcomers in the space so we can all onboard the next 100 million people. So that's what we did, we definitely ate some crow in the meantime. But I think in the end, especially as we were talking about earlier, if 2024 turns out to be a good one, I hope that the entire industry is going to be happy that we have this product. And as soon as all this went down, I get a call from a friend. He says, oh, man, I've got a friend who was moving and his car got broken into, and he had his ledger and his recovery phrase both in the box together, and theyre gone. And its not an insignificant amount of money to him. And is there anything that he can do? And of course there isnt. Looked like the money hadnt moved. So probably the thief doesnt even know whats in the box, but it is. Yeah. Or that he can actually access the value with the recovery phrase, but it doesnt help out the person who had the loss. And the reality is that this guy had had recovery, hed be fine. He'd be able to ring up the service, use his id, get his value back, recover his wallet, move it to a new wallet so that if the thief one day does open the box and realize that there's a recovery phrase in it and what it is and everything else, but it's just, I said to my friend, I said, the saddest part about this is if we had ledger recover, if this user had ledger recover, he would have an option, and today he doesn't. And I've just been through like a month of hell for people who don't want this option to exist for people. And so I think that history will sort this out, and I think that ultimately we'll be on the right side of it.
Speaker D: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners, and then we'll be right back. So the other product I've always followed because you built it, was ledger live. Where are you going with that? Because you keep adding new features. It's becoming a really powerful tool that I think is still underutilized. A lot of people don't use it as much as they could do, but where is your vision going with that? Because it's becoming the whole world of crypto all in one app.
Speaker B: Yeah, we think it's quite underutilized as well. Ledger live, just for those who don't know, is it's the companion app to your ledger. So you buy a ledger nano, or ultimately a ledger stacks, and then you set up your device with Ledger live, and then you can use it, whether just every day, to check market prices, or to send, to receive, to buy, to swap, to stake. And then we have a whole section called Discover, which gives you access to the world of Defi and apps by connecting automatically to all of these web three products. So where we're going with that, again, it really is a bit of a swiss army knife. That's the thing about ledger that people forget as well, is that being cross chain is, it adds a lot of power, it adds a lot of complexity. Look at something like staking. If we were an ethereum only wallet. That's a very different proposition than if you're really supporting all chains, which we attempt to do. We support, you know, the vast, vast majority of the market cap of crypto on ledger devices. And that's where more than 20% of the entire crypto market cap and more than 30% of the entire NFT market cap is secured on ledger devices in some way. And so Ledger live is meant to be that swiss army knife that helps you do whatever it is you want to do, whether it's portfolio management, secure, send and receive. One of the major things is just security. You want to be able to clear sign, and that's something that you generally can't do with a software wallet. In other words, you want to be able to, if you're signing a smart contract, what is it I'm signing? Let me read the contract before I sign it. And also read it on a secure screen, because you can trust the display on a ledger device in a way that you can't trust the display on your phone or on your computer. So Ledger Live gives you the ability for that clear signing in a lot of those circumstances as well. Now, where we want to go with that is really more and more exchange connectivity because I think we're fans of the exchanges of the world. I think especially in light of what's happened over the past year and a half, Jesse from Kraken has always had the right approach, which is he's always been a believer in self custody for his customers. He wants you to do your business with Kraken and keep your coins in self custody. That is, I think, a responsible approach for a service. And I think increasingly there will be a separation between custody and trading, just like there is in the traditional finance world. If you look at Ledger Enterprise, different product geared at enterprises, but we just announced a product called Tradelink. Tradelink is basically that exchange connectivity component for enterprise. So if you want to trade, you can keep your coins in enterprise self custody and then through an agreement with that exchange, you can go ahead and trade and then settle later, just like you do in the traditional world, because you've got a lock or a look on the funds that are in custody and access to the trading platform. And you can actually have this separation and have all of the power of a trading platform without the risk of having your coins locked up and also without the risk on the other side of them having the risk of you and your customers. That's what trade link is. On the enterprise side, I think on the retail side, on the individual and the self custody side, there are similar things. I think, again, right now you can trade through a number of parties using your ledger and go from self custody to self custody. And yes, you pay on chain fees when you do that, but you also don't have the risk that you have if you're keeping all of your assets on an exchange to do that same thing. So I think where we'll go is I've bought my ledger. If I'm one of those 425 million and growing people who own crypto, how do I go really painlessly from buying crypto or wherever I started in crypto to self custody? And now just how do I accomplish the things I want to do with my assets? Of course I want to follow them and follow their growth, but I also want to stake them and earn yield. I want to swap, I want to buy, et cetera.
Speaker D: It's essentially a fintech app for crypto, right?
Speaker B: And for self custody, it's a fintech app for self custody and security. Another way to look at it is our mission is to improve the ease of use in the world of crypto without ever compromising on self custody and security. And I think if you hold yourself to that, it's hard not to end up as ledger. If you look at almost any other company, they've almost always compromised on either self custody or security, and they'll give you 1000 rational reasons that they did that. It's not possible unless, yeah, you have to do this ease of use, they will always have some rational answer for it. Ours has just been like someone who will never take a drink or never eat an animal product or whatever, pick your kind of idealistic poison there. But that's just it. We just say, no, we will not compromise on self custody and security. We believe that self custody is crypto and we believe that if you have digital value, then you must have security without compromise. Ledger live, then is meant to be the companion app that runs on your insecure phone that does what you need to do so that then you can do the secure operations on your ledger.
Speaker D: Without the sounding infomercial for Ledger. But it's just because I'm fascinated. I've been following this whole journey, and I'm obviously a ledger user. Just talk us through stacks and when the hell it's coming out. For most people.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker D: I think people are waiting for that.
Speaker B: Yeah, us too.
Speaker D: I was there at the launch party and it's fucking cool, but, you know.
Speaker B: Okay, so for those who haven't seen it yet, Stacks is new ledger device has the same architecture as the ledger nano. It was designed by Tony Fadel, who was the inventor of the iPod and co inventor of the iPhone and founder of Nest. And what Tony had in mind when he. When he built this device. There's a podcast with Tony and I that you can go listen to if you want to hear it. In Tony's words, which are much better than mine, was to have a device that, a, says value, so that's hence credit card sized, but b, it really feels like a consumer device. Something, again, that maybe not our 80 year old moms, but certainly my sister would want to use and has real ease of use. Instead of a teeny screen, it's got a much bigger e ink screen. And then what this is, is the world's first curved e ink screen. So the screen goes all the way around the edge, and it's really quite a beautiful device. He also designed them so that they are magnetic. So if I have two of them and you put them together, they stick to one another. What Dhoni was sort of asking himself is, what does a future stack of cash with the band around it look like? And that's where. Where the. Where the design came from. But the magnets also give it a bunch of cool features. Like, these are these little folios that we made, and you can put it inside there and it magnets in, and, you know, you can. You can even stack them up with the folio if you want. Like, there's. There really, it's. The design that Tony did is. Is so clever. I mean, I always say, like, tony's the only person I've ever worked with who can design, you know, both the circuit board and the billboard. You know, he really has. Has the deep technical knowledge as well as the vision. Now, the good news is that we had planned to launch this in March, and by not being able to do that, we really have a product that we're extremely proud of. We're at version 1.2 of the firmware. We've managed to extend the battery life, fix some issues with the button sensitivity that we weren't happy with at the beginning, et cetera, et cetera. But that's because this is the world's first curved e ink touchscreen and they are difficult to produce in number. So a large percentage of my day, every day is spent. We have a team right now in Taiwan as well as Shanghai who is working on getting these screens, getting enough screens to meet the demand for the device. So my hope is I will have an update on this for everyone who has already ordered a stacks within the next couple of weeks in terms of timing. And the issue is simply getting yield on the screens so we're so close. And what I'm trying to avoid doing is saying something, you know, before I, you know, really can, can make the promise because I don't know what, I don't know. But this is, you know, it's a, it's, it's absolutely the number one priority for me and my whole team is, is getting these things out the door. And like I said, the good news is, is that, you know, having this time, which we wished we hadn't had, has allowed us to do tons of things that, you know, that we're, that we're, you know, that we are proud of. And hopefully it'll be a, a great experience when it gets into the hands of the customer. But again, I think that having a great device like this for 2024 will prove to be incredibly important if the market goes where we think it is. I do not like the position that I'm in at all where I'd wanted to ship these devices to customers in March, and here I am sitting talking to you in July and I'm still not shipping them to customers at the same time. The number one thing for us is making sure that we're ready for the next big run, and that's what we're trying to get ready for with this device.
Speaker D: So, talking of the next big run, what are you interested in right now? You always find some cool shit. What's interesting to you? What are your observations? NFT world, I think that's your favorite space. What are you looking at?
Speaker B: Well, I think what's interesting in the NFT world overall is that so little is interesting. And it has been a pretty big shakeout. Right. And I think that you've been a big separation of wheat from chaff. So in my view, you've got, and this is my personal view, by the way, this is not a ledger view. I think there are a lot of people at ledger that wish I'd shut up about NFTs because I'm sure a lot of the audience does. I recognize that. But you're asking me what I'm interested in personally. For me, I think, look, if you really look at it, there's punks, there's art blocks, there's bright moments, there's one of ones and there's not much else. A lot of the other stuff has really proved to be either nothing or, well, let's see where it goes. Let's see what these teams do over time. Like a lot of startups, they're fun to talk about. And you get a TechCrunch headline when you launch if you've got something interesting. But to get that, you know, to get that, you know, to get that headline a year, that a year later, you know, three years later, five years later, you have to have, you know, users, innovation, growth, revenue, you know, et cetera. So I think that same thing is true for, for NFT projects. I think that's why, that's actually why, you know, bright moments and art blocks are interesting on different scales from one another. But you know, they've amassed a, you know, a real audience and reputation in their very specific space and they've got a lot of breadth. There's a lot that they can do. They've got a lot of license to go pretty broad in what they do, which I think is what makes them interesting. I think the bigger story in the next run, I think that the NFT hype is probably over. I think in the NFT space, what you're going to have is things that are real and work and go someplace maybe a bit unexpected. I think if you look at what Nike and Ticketmaster are doing as an example, they would probably never use the word NFTs. They're very Web 2.5, intentionally so. And they will be. They have a community, and the community is their customers and the communities around their products. So in Ticketmaster that might be the bands or the shows or the festivals, and for Nike, that might be the various pieces of Nike, whether it's basketball or skateboarding or whatever it is, you can imagine there being a lot of space for them to operate in. I think if you look at what Vuitton has done, Louis Vuitton, it's actually quite interesting, much more interesting than people realize. They've done it in this very Louis Vuitton way, which is we dont really care that much about what the bigger trend is. Weve got a new tool in our toolbox and were going to use it the way that we see fit. And if you look at what they did with the soulbound token, I think most people went, oh my God, why did you? As a soul bound token, no one can resell it. And they went, exactly. And so were going to sell this to people who really believe in the journey. Were going to make sure that the conversation is not about the floor price or the resale value or lack thereof, and then were going to give ourselves three to five years to deliver for that buyer base thats very outside of the world of NFTs. And you could argue nfts a minor player in the whole piece. Theyre using a soul bound token and theyre selling a physical trunk and a physical bag and et cetera, et cetera. But I think this is what I've always believed is that just like any technology, this is just another tool in the toolbox. And great teams and great people will use these things in really clever ways that are specific to their brand. For me, I think, look, I do, I do a DCA of bitcoin on a weekly basis and I've ten x that this year. I think that's a lot of the story personally that's going on this year. I think that if you look at what's happened, we were in DC, Pascal and I were in DC a few weeks ago, and that actually might be interesting to share with you what I learned. There is a tweet thread that I've been wanting to write on this that I, I haven't managed to find time to write yet. I'll just say it to you instead. But I think that what I feel overall is that there's a lot of acknowledgement of bitcoin as the asset, what it means. And I think that that is really going to be the story the next time around. I think the other things will be roll ups, privacy count, abstraction, these things where things that have been technically difficult but we've all believed were necessary. And some of those technologies really coming to prime time, ZK account abstraction, these types of things which are, we've always believed in them, but the horizon was a little ways off. Um, I think these, you know, these things will probably be, you know, a big part of the next, the next go round. Um, but let me, let me mention really quickly what I said about, about DC, because I think that there were a couple of, a couple of takeaways there. You know, I always, I always say that one of my favorite sayings is, I know what it is. I have said when you respond, and you know, DC is a great place to do that because you're walking around trying to explain relatively complex topic subject matter to a wide variety of people with really different backgrounds and exposures. None of them are dumb. They all have very smart people around them who are helping them understand these things. And you're trying to find the words that get you to the punchline the fastest and get you there. And what we found worked was explaining ledger as a digital safe, especially when you're talking to american congresspeople and representatives. Nobody in Washington would tell you that an individual American shouldn't be able to have their personal stuff and their personal safe. There's no controversy around that. Then you explain to them, and you know what, it's a connected safe. And that actually offers you not only more security, but more utility. And let me explain to you what I mean. I'm visiting you in your office on Capitol Hill right now, and my passport, which got me into this country, is in my backpack in my hotel room. That's a pretty bad place for such an important document of mine to live. Now imagine if instead that passport was in my connected safe. I would not only be able to safely carry it around with me, but when I produce it, I could produce only the part that the person who is seeing it needs to see. If I need to produce my passport at a hotel in Europe, they don't need to see all of my visa stamps. They don't even, there's a whole bunch of parts of my identity that they don't need to have access to. They want to know who I am, and they want to be able to identify me, tell the authorities that I'm staying in their hotel. If I'm going into a club, they may need to know that I'm 21. They don't need my name and address or my visa stamps. So the ability to keep our possessions not only secure, but private to the degree that we need to, and for users to have control over that privacy, I think that's the way to think about where this technology is going.
Speaker D: That resonate in DC.
Speaker B: They really did, in a very surprising way. Wow. I really think that's why I mention it, and that's why I've been meaning to write this tweet thread, actually, because I think it's a great way to demonstrate that self custody matters, security matters, that this goes beyond simply speculation on a new token and ultimately reaches other parts of our society in ways that are important and potentially transformative. And so I was super impressed with the ability of people to understand that. And I think Ledger is actually a very interesting vehicle for that. That story that I told is not a story that an exchange could tell in DC. It's where Ledger is actually quite a unique player in the space. Because what we are really in the business of is security of self custodied digital assets. And while you and I both believe that bitcoin is the main event, ultimately that touches many, many, many other parts of our lives. And that's what we're here for. And I think we're in a place where we're getting people to understand that a little better.
Speaker D: Have you spoken to the EU about it? Because they're further ahead with their digital wallet strategy and obviously CBDC and other stuff, which is going to accelerate all of this within Europe and there will need to be a storage methodology.
Speaker B: Where were you with that? Seth Hartline runs global policy for ledger. And so he's really a man on the scene in DC and increasingly in the EU as well. And I think the thing to remember, and Seth, would be great for you to talk to about this. You would really enjoy it. Incredibly well spoken and well respected in these places or on these topics. The answer is yes. I think the thing to be cautious of is that the EU is really a regulation machine. And you could say in some ways that the US is kind of an anti regulation machine. In a way. When the system works, nothing happens. When the system works, everybody just argues and things don't move forward very quickly. The system is designed so that things are very difficult to get done, and that is by design, because less is more in many cases. And so I think the thing that's a bit worrying on the EU side is that it is a regulation machine. So yes, they've moved things more quickly, but more regulation is nothing necessarily good in the longer term. So what we have in the US, which is regulation unclarity or regulatory unclarity, is that a word is certainly not good. And we're experiencing the throes of that, I would say. But I think that the other side, which is regulate everything, should also worry us. So, yeah, we're involved in conversations on both sides. I think what we all really need to be cautious of is, like I said, it's not controversial in Washington today to say that people should be able to own their own stuff and lock it away and they're safe. And then of course, most of us would say, well, there was a time when it was illegal to hold gold in the US. We just want to be, you know, we want to be careful of, you know, what we are, what we sign up for when it comes to, when it comes to our digital assets. Now here's the other thing. I think though, that that really worked in Washington and I had this, I was able to have this conversation more than once and man it's really fun. And you just see the light bulbs go off when you have this one, which is to say, okay, heres a heady statement that a lot of people would say, oh, I dont really have the technical expertise to have an opinion on that. But you say without decentralization you cannot have security. And that doesnt ring a bell for most people. I would say now the way that you get it to ring a bell for everyone is you say, and to demonstrate that, just tell me whose database you would like everyones information to live in. Which one, if not decentralized, then well, which database should it go in? You want it to be in apples, in Google's, in Facebook's, in the US, in China? In the EU? Whose database do you want all the information to be in? No one really has an answer to that question. Where they say, I mean, I think there are some people in the government that would say, well, the us government of course, right, but I think really anyone who really understands democratic values stops themselves before those words come out of their mouth. Right. Because the fact is, and I like that, this is both a technical fact as well as a societal one, without decentralization, you cannot have security, period. And I think that getting people to really, really understand that and not understand it the hard way, a lot of what we've been through in the last 18 months is people coming to an understanding of that the hard way. And so really understanding and being specific about where we would like there to be centralization around what applications is centralization. Okay, maybe my Amazon account. Okay, it's fine. I'm not saying that all applications must be decentralized, but without decentralization, you always have a honey pot.
Speaker D: And I don't know if you've ever read the book. This is how they tell you the world may end.
Speaker B: This is how they tell me the world ends. Nicole Pearl wrote.
Speaker D: Yeah, that's right. You read that book and you realize without decentralization we are truly fucked because the attack vectors are so high, and as quantum compute comes in as well, it becomes virtually impossible to protect single source databases.
Speaker B: Yeah, and I don't say it to be scary, but I think we should be concerned about this, right? I mean if your local water treatment plant runs on Windows 95. You should be worried. It's material in your life and it's easy for somebody who would like to. To take control over that. And this is actually, in some ways, why ledger exists. Doesn't exist to fix this problem. We're not the solution to this problem, but we exist because we realize that anything that can be hacked will be hacked if there is a will to do it. So you've got. You've got effort and reward, and on certain thresholds, everything that can be hacked will be hacked. And if any of one listening hasn't yet read Nicole's book, this is how they tell me the world ends. Really? Please do. Because it gives you a sense of the fact that cybersecurity isn't just about the photos that are in your iCloud account or your bitcoin.
Speaker D: Oh, using a VPN and I'm going to be fine.
Speaker B: No, exactly. It's every aspect of your life. And so I do think that we talked about that book quite a bit in Washington and surprisingly many people in Washington had read it. But one of the follow ups that we would like to do is to basically have a talk about those issues broadly in DC.
Speaker D: You should interview her on real vision.
Speaker B: I would love to do that.
Speaker D: That's a great idea.
Speaker B: I would love to do that.
Speaker D: It's really important. And you're exactly the right person to do it because. Yeah, let's try and make that happen.
Speaker B: I would love that.
Speaker D: Yeah. Let's figure that out. Nika will help us with that. So, a couple of other things for you. One is, I think it was you. I can't remember. Might have been. You might have been 6529. Somebody wrote about form factor of nfts are likely to change.
Speaker B: Hmm. It wasn't me, but I.
Speaker D: No. 6529 talking about. Just because we understand it to be this now, an image of some sort.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker D: And I've seen you, you know, you've been an early adopter of photographic art, and then we've seen the AI generative photographic art. That's been some really amazing stuff. But then we're starting to see stuff like Rafiq, where you've got 3d movement. And it feels that if there's innovation to come from the space, it's the form factor that we're still so driven by a picture we put on our wall or a photo that we have, and now we can enable everything. And as apple develops that technology as well and everybody falls into line, it feels that something there is going to be interesting. Who's going to make the breakthrough in that.
Speaker B: I completely agree. I think that fundamentally, this is just about digital ownership. Right. I also feel. I feel so often, you know, that I'm so lucky to have grown up with the Beastie boys as my mentors.
Speaker D: That was my other question. Why weren't you in that film, and what did you think of it?
Speaker B: I'll come back to that. But what I always said, look, when the Beastie boys did that book, we were talking about the marketing, and I said, look, they were like, look, we just don't. Are not interested in Instagram or, you know, any. This just not us. I said, look, you guys should do what you always do, which is abuse the medium, right? So when you say that about form factor of NFTs, I come to the same thing. It's like, who's going to abuse the medium, right? Who's going to do with it something that it wasn't, you know, meant to be done? What mischief does, you know, with. With everything that they do? I think, you know, I was lucky enough to get a walkthrough of Beeple's kind of museum and studio down in South Carolina earlier in the year. And, I mean, he's taking his art and then turning it back into giant format oil paintings, right? He's completely using it as just canvases for different things. I think one thing you can point to in that that is very specific is metalabel, which Yancey Strickler, who used to be the CEO of Kickstarter, has built. And they're solving really two very simple problems, but they're very real things. One is, it's a packaging format for digital media, right? So you can make a zine or an album package, or it's a book, or. What is it? Doesn't matter. It's a package of things, right? So what is the packaging format, and what does it mean for that package to be sealed, and what does it mean for that package to be opened and do the contents all kind of go together, or can they be sold off separately or whatever the issues around packaging are? The second is the. The, you know, the fact that most creative endeavors are done by a group of people, not just one person, but oftentimes those groups are so short lived and the revenue is so small, it doesn't even make sense to hire a lawyer and make an LLC or register the publishing or whatever it is you need to do to do it. It's a creative collaboration, but you can easily kind of form a partnership online. That partnership could be two people, it could be 500 people. And the mechanics of that partnership could be judged, could be driven by a smart contract in perpetuity. So I think about Ground Royal magazine, which we did with the Beastie Boys, and if we did that as kind of a meta label package, we would still be seeing activity right now. You just go buy ground Royal magazine on eBay and somebody sends me the link and they're like, isn't it funny? This magazine is $500. That would be a completely different thing if we had done it in the meta label way. So I think that there are definitely sort of innovations of format as well as innovations of just the way that people collaborate creatively. And it's not just a quote unquote dao, right? There are groups of people come together to form a partnership to, you know, to create something. You know, in the, in the seventies, we would call that a band, you know, you know, and in the two thousands, we call it a website. I don't know, but, but, you know, it could be anything. So I think. I think that's that. I mean, the Beastie Boys, I mean, and the film on Apple. On Apple TV.
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, I loved it, obviously.
Speaker B: The film, you know, I loved it. They did, you know, the way that came about, I don't want to speak for them, but just, just quickly, you know, they made the book Beastie Boy's book, which I think is fantastic. I love even the chapter that they didn't write, which is just like a picture of New York in the eighties. It's a reminder of what New York was culturally, internationally at that moment, and also kind of what the Internet took away from New York as being that real center of culture. I did write a chapter of that book. I'm proud I read the chapter and the audiobook. If you listen to the audiobook, then you can, um, you've probably heard enough of my voice if you've made it this point in the interview. Um, but you will hear me, hear me read the chapter in that book. But then after the book, they were, of course, asked to like, go do a book tour. And they were like, what are we going to do? We're going to go to like, no way.
Speaker D: Book tool. Yeah.
Speaker B: Book soup. And like, sit and read from our book. Um, and they, and so they, they said, that's not what we want to do. So they got together with Spike Jones, long time collaborator, and they built, they built up sort of a live version of it. They're like, okay, if we took this book and we put it on stage. What would that look like? And they did it. I think they did it first in LA. We went in LA, and then I went again in New York. They did a couple of nights in Brooklyn, and then we also went in London. I know, because I went to those. I don't remember what other ones they did. And then after that, they kind of reworked it to do a version of it that they ended up releasing. I believe it was on Apple TV. Yeah. But anyway, that's what it is and how it all. How it all came about, so.
Speaker D: Yeah, because I was looking out for you, I thought, Ian's got to be in there somewhere.
Speaker B: But I know it was really just a recording.
Speaker D: You made the books, but not the film.
Speaker B: I think maybe it was the one of the new. I think it was the New York ones. Yeah, it was the New York ones that they filmed. And I was. I was. I was there, but nothing. Nowhere to be seen on camera, thankfully.
Speaker D: Ian, listen, as ever, fantastic to shoot the breeze with you. We covered a ton of ground and as ever, really interesting. So hopefully I'll catch up with you. We will try and make that interview with Nicole happen somehow. We'll have to figure that one out. Thank you so much.
Speaker B: It's always, always great to see you. Really an honor to be able to talk about these topics with you. And I would actually like to do the reverse and interview you about what you think 2024 looks like. So maybe we do that on the Ledger podcast.
Speaker D: Love to. More than happy.
Speaker B: Excellent.
Speaker D: All right, my friend. Take care.
Speaker B: Cool. See you soon.
Speaker D: Great stories from Ian. Lots of great insights. I think it was important to clear up the ledger, recover and some elements of ledger. I'm a huge fan of ledger. I use it myself. This is not a paid promo or anything. I just love it. But also, just hearing his perspectives on everything, even DC, was really interesting. And how the broader opportunity is this digitalization of everything, that all of this digital identity or the things of digital value need to be stored, that is much broader than just a cryptocurrency or just your nfts. It's a vast, vast network of things that are going to unfold in this exponential age that lies ahead of us. And also asking why he wasn't in the Beast of Boys film. Because I was surprised, because he bigs himself up for that. Anyway, great interview. Always good. And we'll get him back. And obviously, there's a follow up interview to find out about cybersecurity, because that's really important. I think everyone should understand it.
Speaker C: This episode of Raoul's adventures in Crypto was sponsored by Token 2049 Singapore. Get 65% off regular ticket prices with the Code realvision at T 2049 Co. Realvision.
