Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling wherever you sell. With Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps, and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your dollar one per month trial period@shopify.com. tech all lowercase. That's Shopify.com tech.
Speaker B: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance. Join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten. That's podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Now, to the top analysis of today's crypto markets.
Speaker C: What are the opportunities that exist out there right now? With the rise of AI and crypto, we're going to talk about how AI generated music will exist in a decentralized world and how it may unlock a new connection between music artists and fans. My guest today is on a mission to build a metaverse ecosystem. Welcome to cryptoverse. I'm Ash Bennington. Today I'm joined by Inderful, CEO and founder of Pixel Links. Inder, welcome.
Speaker D: Great to be here. Thanks. Thanks for having me.
Speaker C: Inder, tell us a little bit about your background and what you guys are doing over there at Pixellinx.
Speaker D: Yeah, so, Pixel Links is a music gaming company that we founded a few years ago. Myself, Deadmau, and Richie Horton. Both of them are iconic musicians who've not only really been at the forefront of the music industry, but also innovation. They've both been developing technology, Deadmau, for example, as a programmer, and we came together to really reimagine what we thought the future of the music industry would look like. And our vision was to connect the dots between music, gaming, web three, and AI, to really develop platforms and products that will help artists monetize more effectively control their content and really take advantage of the new mediums that we see emerging, whether that's through digital collectibles, gaming, or other sort of emergent forms of content. So really building out the future of interactive music experiences, we partnered with Animoca Brands a few months ago, Animoca acquired a majority stake in the company. So we're also really building out the music strategy of Animoca and my background. I've been an entrepreneur for the last ten years, set up my first business whilst I was still at university, working with brands and really helping major companies like Disney, HSBC, Lacoste enter music culture through the lens of technology. So it was developing a lot of activations that would be working with big global brands and helping them think about how their brand kind of is present and uses technology more effectively. And through that process, really got more excited about the future of web three and how it would ultimately unlock many different opportunities within the entertainment sector, which we can talk more about. Preston?
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, all of these topics are red hot right now. Gaming, web three, decentralization, AI, digital assets. Talk about how you see them all merging right now, because that certainly seems like what's happening in the space.
Speaker D: Yeah, for sure. I think each of these pillars has this explosive potential to transform the media landscape, to transform multiple aspects of society. So the music industry is interesting. It's been very slow to innovate over many years, and there's been multiple challenges in the music industry, largely driven by the sort of complexity and fragmentation of the rights landscape. Musicians can produce a song, but a single song can have so many rights holders that it becomes very difficult to think about nfts or web three experiences without getting approvals from everyone. So there's this big mess in the music industry where the rights landscape is just so complex and fragmented. And the first layer is web three just solves that very quickly. If we can bring this data on chain, there's a much more efficient path to be more transparent and to also then drive innovation forward in a number of ways. So I think that's the first layer that has to emerge. But on top of that, we then start to see some really interesting new kind of tangents of where the music industry could grow or go to. On the one hand, we have gaming. You see virtual concerts like Travis Scott in Fortnite or Lil Nas X in Roblox, really pointing towards this interesting new medium where tens of millions of fans can experience a virtual concert together in a digital space. It's unprecedented in many ways for the industry. And so we start to add these layers of technology, and that's gaming kind of changes the experience. And then you go to AI, where now this sort of barrier to creativity, the language barrier between an artist and a fan, is completely broken down. So I think the combination of all of these are going to take the music industry into some really interesting directions. We'll see fans able to express themselves and create incredibly high quality content and almost collaborate and participate with their artists because of AIH. But web three will then give them an opportunity to even participate and maybe have some ownership. So there's a lot of interesting evolutions that I think will emerge out of this. But for us, the first step is web three is going to help untangle some of the challenges of the licensing and royalties, landscape gaming and AI is just going to unlock a whole new medium of expression and business model that, again, is going to push the music industry forward, we think.
Speaker C: So where are we right now in terms of the current state of play in the music industry? The music industry, of course, has somewhat of a notorious background with its history of innovation. Obviously, folks who have been at this game for some time remember the history with Napster, the music industry essentially suing its own fans, being dragged kicking and streaming. It's screaming. That's a great freudian slip there, kicking and streaming into the, into the streaming media age. Obviously, this has provided some significant challenges for the space. Talk about where we are right now in terms of the current landscape with streaming, and where the music industry is with regard to that.
Speaker D: Yeah, it's a good question. I mean, the balance of power is obviously not very, even within the streaming landscape, most of the value sort of accrues and bubbles up to the top 1%. And for most other musicians, the business model doesn't really work. You know, in many ways. One of our advisors told me said music sells everything except itself. It can sell films, clothes, fashion, like any other form of culture, but it's really not yet selling itself. And the streaming model is a good example of that. You know, music has been kind of diminished to have absolutely no value. So I think what we see emerging is a more independent path here. There's a lot of tools and platforms emerging wherever I artists are able to distribute themselves and look at new channels of monetization outside of streaming and web three and nfts, digital collectibles, opposing an interesting space there for artists to have a more direct relationship with their fan. And just an interesting example, you can buy an NFT from Soundxyz, which is one of the leading music NFT marketplaces, and a single NFT there, which is about 0.08 ethan, I think, is worth 3000 streams to a musician. So it's just a very different economy. We kind of have this streaming economy right now where songs have been broken down to basically have no value. And we're sort of, I think, evolving into a space where artists are actively looking at ways to bring value back into their music, but not just the music, the ecosystem around them, and not just relying on this kind of single piece of music to drive their business forward, but the landscape is in a tough space. I think what we're seeing is sort of balance of power shifting, and the format's also shifting. We went from iTunes, where a single suddenly became this new format. It wasn't an album anymore in terms of the delivery. We're now in TikTok, where people are consuming music in 1530 2nd increments. So I think what we'll start to see is a slow evolution of just music consumption habits changing the way that people find and discover. Music will be in new spaces, whether it's in gaming environments or just directly through social media, in a more integrated way.
Speaker C: Well, it's so interesting when you talk about this idea of direct interaction. In some ways, it's already the way you mentioned this idea of the split between the top 1% and everyone else. I have friends who are musicians. When you look at the other 99%, they essentially write streaming down to zero mentally in their minds, and they make their money by playing live, where the interaction is literally direct in the physical sense, where you're sitting in a bar or a concert hall with your audience, talk a little bit about what that might look like in your view, how we might have a direct, unmediated experience where artists and fans interact directly using some of these technologies that you mentioned.
Speaker D: Yeah, no, it's a good question. Dead Mouse is a great example of an artist who has always been at the forefront of pushing his live show. He has a show called Cube, which is a real sort of technological marvel. It's packed with game engine kind of technology and a whole range of other tools that kind of bring this really immersive performance into his physical show. But what I think is coming is this physical, digital blend. People will want to be able to experience being at the physical show without physically being there and having the ability to interact and shape the experience in some way. So I'll give you an example. A fan could own an NFT, and by kind of participating in a live stream, by completing some actions, their content, their NFT could appear on the stage, or they could impact some sort of element or function within the kind of live performance. And we will start to see this bridging a little bit more where physical and digital start to kind of exist within the same space. An artist performing to his fans and being connected with them in this physical landscape, but fans in the digital world also being able to come in and add and shape the experience in some way. So we're seeing this already in some light form, but I think where the future is going is definitely going to be just this crossover. We won't really separate the physical experience from the digital one. They'll just be integrated into a design that works where it's being distributed out to a much larger audience who can participate, you know, have a community experience together, but then also a physical experience, which is much more, I'd say, primal. I think technology has a role on the dance floor, but not necessarily in the same way. I think people really don't want to get their phones out and be lost in it in that environment. It's more about being physically present. So there is an interesting space. Each artist has a different lens on how they want to bring interactivity and immersion to life. So there's a lot of angles and options, for sure.
Speaker C: Yeah. So obviously there's a generational and demographic component here. I've reluctantly had to admit that I'm not 19 anymore. Tell us a little bit about the way different generations view this, and if you've seen any sort of clear distinctions there, I imagine you have.
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, I think a good reference, I guess, is a lot of parents, they talk about their kids first concert with Lil Nas X in Roblox, you know, so that's a really interesting example where, you know, to be able to experience music and to, you know, experience music in this kind of social way through games and through, you know, interactive experiences, is something that's still pretty new and novel. So I think there is just, you know, that behavior will emerge and, you know, music ultimately will just start to seep into new channels and mediums. You know, we sort of have. Music in its most basic form is just audio. So simple, it doesn't really have any layers of immersion behind it. But now what we have is, you know, channels where music can kind of be fully realized as not just audio, but a fully immersive, interactive experience. So I think the next generation are going to grow up expecting this. You know, they're growing up not just kind of in a social feed used to the death scroll, but also in 3d environments and used to being, you know, existing within sort of multiple paradigm. So I think the expectation is that the next generation will be looking at music being more interactive and immersive because it's just the nature of the world that they're growing up in.
Speaker C: Let me ask you this. At the top of the show, when you were talking a little bit about the way that you saw the world, you talked about all of these interlinked ideas, music, gaming, streaming, web three, all of those were very intuitive. Understood them perfectly. You mentioned AI. Talk a little bit about what AI is in this context, how you guys are using it and what you see the opportunities there as being.
Speaker D: Yeah, no, it's a great question. So, for us, AI has so many functions, and we've been building AI products for the last two years. First of all, just starting on the premise of democratizing creativity. AI unlocks this ability for you to just take an idea, anything that you imagine, and turn it into something that you can visualize. And that's such a powerful tool for humans to have to take ideas and translate them very quickly. So we've always been excited by that. And the opportunity, one for artists to kind of push their creative abilities further through AI is very clear. But also for fans and other creators who maybe never thought they were creative or didn't think they could make music. So we feel like AI is going to break down those boundaries and sort of give everyone this ability to experience and create without having the sort of barrier to entry that typically existed. So I think that's just first extremely powerful. What we're about to see is a new kind of way for humans to express, and that will just allow us to continue building more incredible technology and push society forward. I think that's exciting. We're working with AI in a few ways at the foundational level. We want to make sure artists are protected when it comes to their content being used in AI environments, whether that's used to train an AI model or even just used to sort of generate and prompt some new outputs. I'll give you an example. Someone taking a dead mouse song, putting it into an AI, and then generating another dead mouse song off the back of it. Sounds great, but dead mouse needs to be protected in that environment. So what we're doing is first thinking about this foundational level, that if an artist's content is going to come into AI environments, how can we protect them? How can we make sure that they have the option to first decide? And then we give them all the tools to monetize their content within these environments. So approved AI models visibility on how their content is being used. That, for us, is a foundational level, and then we build tools on top of this. So we say to an artist, you can bring all your content into these amazing AI environments. We've got the tools for you to monetize it, and now we have platforms for you to take this content and create new things out of it. So for us, the first step is always about protection. Artists need to have a choice to be in AI environments and have a choice to monetize their content however they like. So we're building a lot of foundational infrastructure there. And then our games really just bring this to life, give fans a new way to experience that music or to experience that video in their own sort of style and way.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's really interesting. We've talked about this a bit abstractly. I want to talk about some of the practical applications, some of the things that you guys are doing right now, some of the applications that are live that if our viewers are interested in, they can go and check out. It's interesting you talk about AI. One of the major challenges with AI right now. First, obviously, it's going to be massively labor saving. There are these huge macroeconomic challenges, but on a more micro economic scale, uh, this idea of intellectual property protection, liability, all of these issues, you know, in some ways, it seems as though web three and AI are almost ideally suited, uh, to be used with each other because you can have those protections that you're talking about for the artists, where you can maintain, uh, these residual economic rights on the one end. Also, creative rights, have visibility. Talk a little bit about how you guys are thinking about that and even more importantly, how you're applying it today.
Speaker D: Yeah, absolutely. So we have a foundational, kind of smart contract protocol layer that we're developing called artist DNA. And that is a framework that allows musicians to bring their content into our platform. And the way we think about their content is it's not just your music, but we call it artist DNA for a reason. It's their music, the stem files that make up that music, like their vocals, the bass lines, the drums. And then we start to think about other files. So this is their music and all the pieces of it. Then we look at their artwork and their 3d assets or other pieces of their name, image, and likeness, and we start to break it down into sort of bundles of IP that we consider artist DNA. That's basically the core of how the system works. Now, all of that content is ultimately used to train AI models that fans can create with. And we're about to reveal our next product in about two weeks, so I won't give away too much. But basically the idea is you can create with Deadmau in many ways, you can create with all of your favorite artists through the lens of this AI product that we're about to create. And it's all approved, it's all official, and it essentially brings fans much closer to their favorite musicians in a completely approved legitimized ecosystem. I think what's really fun about it.
Speaker C: Let'S explain what that experience actually looks like for a user. Essentially, you go up to the application and you see all these stem files. You basically have access to all the raw material. By the way, this is incredibly interesting because no one has ever had this access before, as far as I know, in the history of music. Uh, whatever music you're into, you've never been able to go and grab an isolated drum track, an isolated vocal track, an isolated guitar track, an isolated synth track, and mix and match them, uh, as you like. Is that essentially the kind of access you're talking about, opening up to fans?
Speaker D: Yeah, that's the first step. It's definitely a more interactive music play experience. So you can take a song, which is, you know, just usually a full song, but now you have, like you said, the layers to it, so a fan can come in and almost make their own personalized remix. So that's really fun. We think there's a really unique kind of fan play experience there. But what's really interesting is the fan can then also go and remix that content further. So they could take some of this material from their favorite artist, they could mint it as a song, as a collectible, or they could also just continue to build on it and remix it further and use the commercial rights that they have to monetize it and ultimately make a new release or make a new output from it. So we're experimenting with a few things that really kind of giving fans not only the ability to play and collect the experience, but then also if they want, there's ownership rights packed into the NFT, so the fan can ultimately monetize it and take it, you know, add value to it however they see fit. So it's really about new value chain we see emerging here between our artists and fans, and looking at how intellectual property, user generated content, AI are all going to sort of come together to build a new licensing framework and platform for artists in the space.
Speaker C: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back. Okay, so this is really interesting. Let me see if I understand this. So I go up to the app and I listen to a dead mouse track. I really like it. I can then go and access the sTEM files, mix and match them, do things to them, transform essentially that music into a mix that I find, for whatever reason, stimulating, more interesting, whatever, and then I can mint the actual final track, distribute it, get economic rights to that remixed track, while simultaneously, the artist who created the STEM files also maintains a residual economic interest, transparency, and some level of visibility about what's happening. If I understand that correctly, this is just a striking new model for music.
Speaker D: Yeah, absolutely. You nailed it. And that's exactly right. The way we see it is there's really just new mediums and new formats to explore and new ways for value to be created. That's really at the foundation of how we think about it. The artist's DNA is the most valuable resource that they have. And all of our tools, whether it's the AI creation experiences, the NFT infrastructure, really just allow this content to become more valuable by fans coming in and adding more to it by creating.
Speaker C: What role does AI play in this? Exactly. I've been going deep down the AI rabbit hole. In fact, when we wrap here in about an hour, ive got an AI demo that im working with an AI engineer whos going to come on and walk me through some of the stuff thats happening in chat GPT. I mean, the most extraordinary and sort of salient aspect of this technology for people who havent used it yet is the incredible ability with traditionally now with writing, but also with image processing to have just incredible labor saving. In other words, I can feed in to chat GPT raw material and say, hey, can you write this up as a newsletter? And it gets done in 90 seconds. I mean, it's just extraordinary to see how much empowerment it creates for content creators. Talk a little bit about the role that AI plays in music because that's not something I'm familiar with yet.
Speaker D: Yeah. So in our platform, the way it works is you can take a song and you can generate similar outputs very quickly, so the AI will understand what you put into it, and this will have to be an approved song that you bought from our platform. It can't just be a new track. So the AI, first of all, will understand what you've put into it and it will quickly analyze it semantically, the genre, the tempo, and all of these other factors. From there, the user can add more inputs. They could say, I want like a slow song or a fast song or anything that's specific to their requirements. And the AI will then start to compose and construct a song based on what the user has requested pretty quickly. So the key idea is you could take, for example, a dead mouse song and then generate a similar dead mouse song of the back of it that you can then start to add new content on top of and create your own experience from. So the AI is doing a number of things it's composing. It's doing some semantic understanding to understand what exactly you're trying to create, and then composing all of this together. What's really exciting, we're going to announce some features over the next few months where we're also doing a bunch of stuff around visual AI. So you can create artwork and music videos and more of these tools that basically just make it easy for people to have an idea and bring it to life. Whether that's making a song, making a video, or where we go next with it is going to go even further.
Speaker C: All right, so let me see if I understand this. Are you using essentially natural language processing? In other words, can I literally just type at a prompt? Hey, there's this dead mouse song. I want it to sound like Edm. Crank up the tempo to 140 beats per minute without shifting the pitch. I want to hear how this would sound as an EDM song or whatever the.
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah. So it's definitely a combination of tools. So, like Google Magenta is one of the core, and that's a large language model around audio. So, yeah, there's a number of different products that we're using. We have a few proprietary tools that we're building in the stack as well. But AI audio is still very early in the grand scheme of things, so there's a lot of kind of exploration and work that's happening there, which is. Which is really exciting. I think in the next year, we're going to see some of the first, like, really, you know, profound outputs that will sound almost identical to the artist. We're seeing this right now. I think you might have seen some examples where, you know, fans can just basically, you know, use an artist AI model to create a song. And so we're getting very close to this reality where it's almost impossible to start to differentiate whether it's a real piece of content or not. And I think that's one of where. That's one of the big challenges that we also sort of come up against in this space is if it's so easy to now replicate anyone, how does an artist or a creator kind of create value in this environment when their music is so easily sort of replicated? So we think there's a lot in there that needs to be considered, not just the creative process, but the ethical perspective on this, the kind of economy perspective, and also just the protection. Just because we can doesn't mean that you should just kind of roll it out on mass. So there's a lot of consideration, I think, that needs to be, you know, needs to happen right now in the space as a whole. And so we're being very thoughtful, starting first with just the layer of can we make sure artists are protected when we bring them into this environment? Can we get them paid fairly? Can we make sure that this is transparent and that they have all of the kind of ownership and rights and royalties systems in place so that they can truly capitalize on what this is going to become? We are still in the infancy of it, so I think there's still a long way to go for it to truly emerge as the business model, but very optimistic about what's happening here, for sure.
Speaker C: Well, we're in the infancy of all of this, really, and it's fascinating because that seems exactly right. Those seem to be exactly the right challenges. It's interesting, we've seen this kind of step, function, leap forward in DRM with streaming. This sounds like marrying the DRM component with some of the decentralized components so you can have that transparency, so you can have that true decentralization. I mean, even as recently as five years ago, the idea of releasing STEM files was something that no artist would ever want to do, at least no artist who wanted to control the economic future of that music. But the idea that you can do with this technology with web three, so you can assign and have that transparency, I mean, these really are quantum shifts in the way the industry has taken place. This is probably more significant than anything to hit the industry since streaming, perhaps even more so because it empowers artists rather than labels.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think it's a really interesting point. I mean, some of the things that we'll be launching this year will definitely be sort of world's first in many ways. We'll be releasing albums and new music with artists where it's actually just an AI model. Like they've trained the model on what they want to release, and then they're going to give it to their fans to say, you can export it. You know, I've put all my DNA into this kind of this model, and there's a thousand songs that can be kind of minted out of it. And so there's some, it's just a really fun new dynamic and relationship and medium. You know, I think the format of music as this idea is going to change as a result of this, and it's largely going to be driven by these new technologies that reimagine how the technology comes together. And I think what's great about nfts is that that is, it's a really powerful container for that to bring media ownership, licensing, royalties and package it into a set of tools that can really scale and untangle some of this fragmentation that exists in the industry. So we are really, I think, at the precipice of something huge. I think the music industry will take a few years to catch up. But the most important pillar, if I was to think about what needs to happen, is this idea of tokenization at the point of creation needs to be the key growth piece here. So an artist makes a song and immediately puts it on the blockchain with all the right metadata, is going to unlock this huge step change where from there, all the data is now clean and structured in the right way. So we're moving towards this. I think it's going to take a few years, but the music industry has always been slow to adapt. But it definitely feels like an interesting renaissance period for, for art and culture as a whole. I think music will naturally lean into that, too.
Speaker C: Yeah, and this technology may become a catalyst for the change, enabling this to happen much faster than it would if it had to go through large bureaucratic structures. Because the artists themselves can sort of interactively create this. They don't need sort of the permission of a label or a music owner, rights owner to do it. They can generate their own stem files. They can produce them, they can put them out there if they want to experiment. Andrew, let me ask you this. Obviously, this is an incredibly fascinating conversation. We've talked about the abstraction here, about the potential, about the promise, about what this world might look like. How far are we away from an actual usable beta product?
Speaker D: Yes, we have been testing for the last few months. We launched our first open alpha in October last year, working with Spinning Records, which is a label that signed to Warner Music. It's one of the largest electronic labels in the world. So we've been testing early beta and alphys for the last few months, and in three weeks on the 27th, I believe we're going to reveal our first AI product, and that's going to be really exciting. The mobile game that we've been testing is sort of a music collection experience. It's really the first layer of our ecosystem where fans can explore the world around them. It's a mobile AR game, very much like Pokemon go, but the music version is one way to imagine it, and players can explore the world and collect artist DNA. And we've been testing that with a number of musicians and fans and getting some great results. And the next layer of this is now going to be the creation experience, which we launch in a few weeks. So for now, players have been collecting DNA and we're about to give them the tools to start creating new outputs with this DNA that they've uncovered. So it's going to be really fun. I think that the next few months we have some major partnerships that we're going to announce some of the biggest labels, platforms, distribution companies in the music industry. So yeah, it's going to be an exciting time and then from there where we'll be releasing a lot of stuff into platforms like the sandbox. But right now we just closed our last beta on Friday, last week, and we'll go live with the next early experience on the 27th. You know, definitely follow our discord channels and, you know, keep an eye on where we're going with that. There's a lot of fun stuff happening.
Speaker C: Absolutely fascinating. By the way, we're going to be doing some viewer questions in just a second. So I should say, viewers, please join us in this conversation. Put down your questions in the chat. Wherever you're watching, we'll ask the best ones on air. Remember, real vision members take priority, but the good news is membership is free. Uh, let me ask you this. You mentioned the idea of labels. I've been talking about this like a distant, as a disintermediating technology. What's the role of labels in this brave new world that you're talking about?
Speaker D: Yeah, I think it's an interesting time for labels and anyone in the industry because the technology that's coming has such a profound impact. I think labels have such an important function that they invest in artists. They help distribute and scale artists in a number of ways. The business model may need work. I think what's going to happen is labels will have more of an a la carte style offering. They can't necessarily. An artist won't want them to do everything from them. Artists are going to pick and choose the teams that matter the most to them and help them achieve their goals. And labels will have this, a la carte ability for an artist to choose what does the label actually help them with. So there is going to be a little bit more of a sort of, I guess, lean, modular way for a label to think. But yeah, I think it's an interesting time. Each label is approaching it very differently, right from the majors to the independents. And what I think is key is that labels need to be thinking about technology. They need to be bringing in tools so that they can continue to support and empower their artists. And that's what artists are going to expect is the tools to continue to grow and to, I think one of the biggest challenges, if I just to track back for a second, artists frustration is they want to do all this amazing stuff, but their deals make it impossible to because they don't own all of their content, they don't own their rights. So that dynamic shift is one that leaves artists feeling really frustrated because they want to tap into web three or do something in a game, but they may be restricted by the label deal that they have, and they don't have control ultimately. So that dynamic is going to change. And this premise that artists will have more control is just a fundamental kind of future that I think we're always going to be going towards is control needs to go back to the creators, and that's just the natural shift, I think, that will happen and labels will adjust and support in that way.
Speaker C: My guess is that the demise of the label is a story that's been overstated too many times, probably. I would imagine that there are some very smart, perhaps even some very brave young executives working at these labels, maybe getting yelled at by their bosses, saying, hey, listen, we either interrupt ourselves here or we get interrupted. And I imagine that there probably are interesting and innovative ways for people to add layers of value, as you say, kind of this plug and play a Lego type approach that can become a la carte, where you can see ways where they can add value in places that perhaps the artists themselves don't have the resources to do.
Speaker D: Right? Yeah, no, I completely agree. And I think Warner music is really at the forefront of this in terms of the major labels. Like, if you want to see a label that's making some great investments and has had real conviction within the future of technology that they've really been, you know, pushing the boundaries, investing in great, great products as well. So it is promising. I think what that's, that's a great thing to see is that, you know, even though the technology has such a. But it poses a potential existential threat, not just web three, AI also poses, poses an existential threat to labels. You know, some are embracing it and sort of, you know, looking at how they're going to add value here. But it is a, it is a very interesting, exciting, and scary time for all participants. I mean, the AI piece, I was speaking to an artist, a very successful artist last week, and they were, they were talking about how they are genuinely scared about the future of their career because they've seen AI produce things as well as they do, and they've been making music for 30 years. So it is, it's, you know, it's a fascinating time. I don't think it's going to replace musicians or creators. I think it's just going to change the way we, we think about creativity and labels and I, artists and fans and collectors and investors are now going to have a new space to operate in and to build value, which I think is huge.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's so well said. I think it is going to be clearly a metamorphosis. There were people talking in the seventies and eighties about how technology was going to kill music. Then obviously it didn't. It's become a more prominent part and component of the culture. Economically, it's an enormous, enormous industry. I'm curious, you mentioned I Warner music specifically. Are they investing in web three type technology? Are they investing in this idea of potential decentralization that seems like it would be a very hard shift for a label to make, but for those who embrace it, also one that has manifold potential opportunities?
Speaker D: Trey? Yeah, no, they absolutely are. Alex Kameens, I believe, is a vp of investments and I owner. They've been very vocal about needing to change the business model and to reimagine the music industry and making some very strong investments into music, NFT, marketplaces, some infrastructure. So, yeah, I think it's very clearly investing and I think they have to, I think anyone who, any label or I guess industry stakeholder who sees this technology, which may pose a challenge and a threat, it's only logical that I think they get in early rather than kind of just avoiding it and pretending it doesn't exist, because that's going to be even more damaging, I think. Right. Regardless if you're a major label or just an independent artist, it's hard to ignore the, you know, the impact of what, you know, what the potential of the technology can provide.
Speaker C: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real vision crypto daily briefing.
Speaker E: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this, for the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company spending and control who spends what. With each vendor, Ramp software collects and verifies receipts instantly to save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals. Expense categorization and bill payments, time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get $250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy, ramp.com easy rmp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank.
Speaker B: And celtic bank members of DIC.
Speaker E: Terms and conditions apply.
Speaker C: Yeah, it really is fascinating. And I also have to make this sort of mental shift and not think about me being the age that I am today with the life that I have today. If I were 15 years old, I would never leave my bedroom if these tools were available.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think that's fair. Yeah, no, I completely agree. I think it's really interesting as well because you can see my background. I've spent years building music, buying music equipment, and it's so exciting to see now that the next generation can go and learn how to make music without needing to have a huge investment and can just immerse themselves into digital spaces where you could have a huge studio, but it's all at your fingertips and any idea is available to go and create. It is a very exciting time. I think the culture and commerce convergence is really driving a lot of this. But, yeah, it's a good time to be in the music industry, I think, or in any sector of entertainment right now.
Speaker C: Well, it's interesting you mentioned your room, your background there. Obviously that investment is twofold. Number one, some very expensive equipment, and number two, also an enormous investment in time to learn how to use it. This really is the potential to eliminate or dramatically reduce, say 80, 90%, maybe more, the investment of economic sort of money itself, but also of the time that it takes to learn how to use this. When you have things like natural language processing in AI models. Really extraordinary stuff.
Speaker D: I completely agree. It's going to transforming people's lives in small increments and just making it easier to get things done. But I completely agree, it's creatively going to expand humans ability to express themselves, also functionally give us time to spend time doing things that we enjoy more, which I think is part of the promise of AI.
Speaker C: Finally, tell me about the relationship with Animoca brands. This is obviously for people who don't know a very large publicly traded, I believe in Australia company Yatsu, the founder, has been on with Ral many times. Talk a little bit about that relationship.
Speaker D: Yeah, Animoca Brands is an iconic leader in the space. They were our first investors, actually, two years ago, and big fans of Yat and Robbie and the team over there. Their vision, I think, is so clear that they saw this coming way before many people did, and had such conviction for the space. So, yeah, it's been great. Working with Alan Mocha was such a natural fit. As mentioned, they were our first investors, and we have a big vision to look at the music industry as an ecosystem and not just think about ourselves as a sort of single product company. And we shared this vision with Animoca that we think the music industry is going to transform, and it was very aligned for us. What we're doing with artist DNA is all about identity and ownership and giving that back to creators and musicians so that they can really build their future. And all of our products take advantage of this tooling. So very aligned philosophically, we'll be rolling out a number of activations this year in platforms like the sandbox, but also really functioning as the music arm of Animoca. So looking at how do we bring music across the Animoca brands ecosystem and also invest in and acquire companies that we think are going to help shape the future of this? We made our first AI investment acquisition a few months ago, and we'll continue to look at what's going on in the space and then really just supporting the ecosystem. We want to see new products emerge that can help artists and creators ultimately earn revenue in this space. Working really closely with the team there. And it's perfect in terms of a partnership, distribution channel into so many games and digital touch points that we'll be tapping into, which is a key part of our long term vision, is to bring music not just onto the blockchain and into these interactive environments, but really distribute it out into the metaverse at home. So we'll be working closely with Animoca on that initiative to take music and really just set it free.
Speaker C: Will, I wanted to ask some questions because they're coming in right now. This one comes from a regular viewer, Ralph Humphries, who always has great questions about this, particularly from the framework, from a legal and rights management perspective. And the question is this, what potential does inder see for the streamlining and creation of transparency for performance and mechanical royalties?
Speaker D: Yeah, that's an interesting, interesting question. I mean, the. We kind of touched on it earlier, like, the biggest challenge is just the disconnect between systems. So we can kind of think about this in a number of ways. One is just like the business model and how do we think about the distribution of revenue? But I think the biggest challenge was always just the disconnect between the pipes. So if we can get closer to figuring out, how do we let all of these systems talk to each other more effectively? There's a lot of overhead that starts to be diminished. And I think through that we'll start to unlock new business models, or whether it's mechanical rights, or just thinking about sync licenses or more, there's just new ways to think about this. Once we have data that we can actively measure and operate transactions on in a more permissionless way, where royalties can be paid out without intermediaries or tracking can be provided just very quickly without waiting 60 days for a report. So I think first it's all going to come down to the pipes and making sure that the pipes are in place, and then we have a whole industry and ecosystem that's built on top of this that will slowly adapt.
Speaker C: So let me just follow up, because Ralph has a second part of this question, which is an interesting one. He says one can see a mechanism where an artist can see royalties flow from. I think this is pronounced Gemma in Germany to ASCAP in the US in real time on the blockchain. This probably requires a little bit of background for folks who don't have Ralph's knowledge of this industry. ASCAP is the American society of composers, authors and publishers. It is a not for profit performance rights organization pro. This is the sort of body that manages the royalties flow. Talk a little bit about. I mean, there are just so many layers to this landscape that could potentially be interrupted, could potentially be disintermediated. But that also means the risk of figuring out how these players in the space can find a way to participate in it in a meaningful way. Talk a little bit about how that might work.
Speaker D: It's been trying, people have been trying to do it for years, decades, and not really made much progress. So there is this challenge where we sort of look at the incumbent kind of infrastructure that's in place and just the resistance to move, because it's so hard right when you have this industry and ecosystem that's been functioning. So I think the process to get there is already moving. Companies exist that are building the tools and they are sort of slowly getting the kind of adoption that they need. But I think it's a much longer term journey. How do we get there? I think it's the independent music industry. I think it's independent artists who think about direct channels of distribution, direct kind of ownership of their content, direct ownership of their fans. Those independent artists are what drive the music industry right now and are pushing the industry forward. And it's where we're seeing some of the most exciting growth come from. And you see it with even sort of streaming market share. Major labels are kind of falling. Independent artists are rising. So where does the change come from? It's from independent artists know the movement that the long tail of musicians can create is so much more profound when they're aligned. So that's my lens on it. I think it's definitely going to be driven 100% by the independent sector, and then we'll start to see the industry kind of slowly evolve and adapt as more layers are put in place. But this is, I'd say, a five year journey to get to at least the first meaningful state for the industry.
Speaker C: I should say here a correction. I believe Animoca Brands was delisted from the ASX Australian Stock Exchange. Im not sure if theres any new information on that. Im looking at their website right now from March of 2020, which is when it was delisted. Okay, a lot more questions coming in. This one comes to us from notious, from YouTube. How do I get my favorite artists involved? Really interesting question.
Speaker D: How do you get your favorite artist involved? Reach out to our team. There's one way to go for sure. You can reach out to me on LinkedIn or just go to our website, the Pixel links website, and message the partnerships team. There's an email address on the bottom. That's one way to go if you're specifically managing artists. If you want to suggest artists for us to work with, then for sure just jump into our discord and let us know who you think would be great. We think about that in our curation.
Speaker C: Okay, here's a skeptical question from Greg diamond. As an independent artist that has lost his shirt making albums, I see more harm than benefit. Centralized streaming platforms and the DIY revolution have already been disrupting the label artist paradigm because it's practically impossible for record labels to remain solvent. I guess Greg's question here is really about does this become a race to zero as the margin gets sucked out from various components in the space?
Speaker D: Great question. So I think about an artist in the context of their economy, and I don't think many artists may think about themselves like that. But your economy is a whole mix of consumers, right? Super fans, fans, maybe some people in the kind of, let's say if you are in web three, maybe coming in for different purposes, kind of looking at you to kind of collect and support you. So there's a number of different participants that engage with your content as an artist. And I think the key is to understand first, who are these audiences. And your super fans are always going to be the ones that you need to super serve. They're going to be the ones that pretty much drive your business model and ability to sustain a living. So I think the technology could drive things to the bottom. But first and foremost is you need to own your fans. And if you have that great relationship with your fan base, I think they'll follow you where you go and support your career. So definitely think about the economy that you kind of have around you, and then how this technology is going to first help you own that audience. Use NFTs as a way to build meaningful bridges with your fans, and use gaming, for example, as a space that create new interactive experiences. But yeah, I think the first step is all about ownership. Understanding who your audience is and then trying to form a bit of a design of your, you know, your economy as an artist. You know, where do you make your money from? Is it 5% streaming, 50% live streams, 10% collectibles? Like artists need to think about this, you know, continuously, and then start understanding who their customers are, ultimately, who's buying these products and how can you start to engage them more effectively. But I think, I do think that there is a huge challenge for the music industry here, where if NFTs, for example, don't catch on and collectibles don't catch on, that's a really important revenue stream that potentially goes missing. So we have a responsibility as an industry to protect customers, to make sure that we're communicating and educating fans in the right way, so that this opportunity doesn't disappear because of just a mindset to extract value without really thinking about the principles of building an ecosystem and economy. So there's a lot of stuff to unpack in there. But my thought is definitely just first, it's like, who is that ecosystem and economy of fans and participants that you have around you? And then just understanding how you can own that relationship better will prepare you for whatever is going to come. Whether it's AI, web three gaming, or I in neural interfaces. I think this idea of owning your audience is the foundation of it all.
Speaker C: Raoul yeah. Here's a question that comes to us from Richard Mori. Is there a way for retail investors to invest? Before I let you answer that question, I should probably comment here. I'm incredibly enthusiastic about this technology, but it seems to me that this is extremely, extremely early which means very, very high risk in understanding what this space is going to look like. These are probably a sort of hyper bleeding edge kind of venture investments, I would assume at this point. That's how I would think about them, at least, that you could never have access to before web three. And people need to understand when we're talking about this, this is very, very high risk. Go ahead, please.
Speaker D: Yeah, sorry, just to repeat the question, are you talking about buying securities?
Speaker C: I think the question is probably more about tokens, would be my guess.
Speaker D: Yeah. So I think the token piece is. Yeah, the token pieces is, I guess, a slightly more nuanced question, so I wouldn't want to go too deep into that. I think in terms of investors in this space, I mean, just making some assumptions on what the question's about. I think the music industry is a slightly more challenging one to think about when it comes to nfts and the idea of it being an asset to invest into, just because of the nature of how music is designed, multiple songwriters and stakeholders, there's just a lot of complexity in there. So thinking about music as an asset class that investors can come into and invest in, whether that's through an NFT or through the medium of a token, is not our business. We're really focused more on the fan and creator economy, and we do give commercial rights in our assets for people to create with, but it's all about value creation in our product, and we see the role of a token as something that comes later. Once you really have a clear idea about how your ecosystem and economy operates, like who are the stakeholders and how do you start to really add value into a more decentralized system? So that's just my lens on it. I think tokens are extremely interesting and work very well, but you do have to design it around a product and an ecosystem in many ways, so. Yeah. Hope that helps.
Speaker C: Yeah. And by the way, I should say you also brought up another additional layer of risk there when you mentioned this idea of securities. Obviously, we know the SEC here in the United States and CFTC have issued complaints, have filed suit against companies for essentially infringing upon a regulated space. I think about going back to the late nineties, so called Bowie bonds, when David Bowie and a banker named, I believe, Pullman essentially securitized the rights for the music, and I think they raised some $50 million, which is quite a lot of money at the time. But this idea of how this might work, this really is the potential to see this sort of upgraded for the digital age.
Speaker D: No, I completely agree. I think it's such a fascinating space. There are, of course, huge challenges here because there is not that much guidance. It's difficult for, I guess, developers to come into the space or entrepreneurs to come in and think about how you kind of take music rights and evolve them and package them in a way that kind of taps into the potential of this space. But yeah, it requires a lot of careful guidance and I think there's a number of companies doing some really cool stuff in the space, but also being challenged by the SEC because some of their considerations a year ago now sort of aren't stacking up. So it takes a lot of careful consideration. I think for us it's a few years away in terms of thinking about music rights as an asset class that people can invest into, I think.
Speaker C: Yeah, and the Bowie bonds we should mention, of course, we're fully registered. And so a distinction between some of the things that we've seen happening in the space, obviously not investment advice. Talk to an investment professional if you're confused about some of these points. Great conversation. Really fantastic. Really enjoyed this so much. I learned, and I'm sure our viewers did as well. Final thoughts, key takeaways that you'd like to share with your audience?
Speaker D: No, it was great to be here. I really appreciate your time, I think. Key thoughts? It's a really exciting time for the music industry. It's been an industry that has never really got the attention I think it deserves when it comes to technology. It's always under invested into in many times. But we are at this stage now where I think music is, is kind of experiencing a bit of a renaissance in many ways. So anyone who's interested in kind of learning more about where that's going would love to catch up and talk. And I think definitely keep a close eye on what's going on in the music nft space. I think there's going to be a bit of a revolution there over the next few months as we see new products change the way people consume and collect music. But yeah, really great to be here. I think we all know we're still at the precipice of this kind of technology and this future kind of really emerging. So, you know, probably be here a few months from now, you know, talking about where this is going and there may be a completely different lens that we need to consider. So, you know, it's about just being. Being fast and, you know, thoughtful about, you know, what we're building and how it impacts people.
Speaker C: Right. Really fascinating stuff. You saved me indoor for an entire day from talking about the fed. I appreciate that and I hope we can come and do one of these conversations again soon.
Speaker D: Yeah, I really appreciate time. Thank you.
Speaker C: That's it for today. Remember to sign up at real vision crypto. It's free. Go to realvision.com crypto. That's real vision.com crypto. Thanks again for watching, everybody. What's up, revolutionaries? Thanks for tuning in to the real vision daily briefing. For more content like this, head over to realvision.com and get unfiltered access to the very best, brightest and biggest names in finance.
