Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling wherever you sell. With Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your dollar one per month trial period@shopify.com. tech all lowercase that's Shopify.com tech.
Speaker B: Charges over a $300 million Ponzi scheme, Bahamas comes out on top in regulation, and Tiffany puts a ring on a crypto punk. All this plus a deep dive into value investing in cryptocurrencies, with key takeaways for anyone with a stake in digital assets right now. Welcome to real vision Crypto Daily Briefing. I'm Ash Bennington, joined by Moritz Siebert. Let's get right into the latest price action. Bitcoin is pulling back from last week's rally. You can see this chart. The digital asset clocked its best month of 2022 in July, up 17%. But that pales in comparison with ether, which rose 57% last month, its best result since January of 2021. ETH has also flipped BTC in the options market for the first time in terms of value of open interest. The data you're seeing right now on your screen is from Darabit, the world's largest crypto options exchange. Luke Streyers, whom we recently interviewed on real vision, told Coindesk that the ETH put call ratio is at a twelve month low, which indicates bullish momentum. And coin shares says July saw $474 million of inflows into digital asset investments. That's not only the highest amount this year, it's also a near total reversal of June's outflows. Last week's volume stood at 1.3 billion overall trading volume remaining low compared to this week's average of 2.4 billion. Also wanted to talk about some of the top stories that we're seeing here today. Today's fall in prices comes as Us regulators increase their crackdown on crypto scams. The securities and Exchange Commission filed charges on Monday against eleven people alleging that they created and promoted a fraudulent crypto focused pyramid scheme. CNBC reports the scheme, called for Sage, raised more than 300 million from investors. The scam ran for two years. The SEC alleges the setup functioned like a standard pyramid scheme. Crypto regulation has been in the spotlight following the recent collapse of multiple crypto firms. Research shop Solidus Labs has launched a global regulatory ranking that ranks the countries based on five categories, legal and regulatory framework, market surveillance, registration requirements and anti money laundering regimes, 42 nations were classified in this study. The Bahamas has come out on top in this first edition. The country has been praised for its comprehensive and progressive regulatory regime, coming in last in the ranking China final story of the day luxury jewelry brand Tiffany has tied the knot with crypto punks. Tiffany will release 250 nfts called NFT. Holders of crypto punk. Nfts will be able to acquire one of the 250 nfts for 30 eth, or roughly $50,000. Using today's Ethereum price. The buyers will get a custom designed pendant and NFT that resembles the jewelry decrypter. Media reports this has led to a surge in crypto punk sales. Data from NFT tracker crypto slam shows a price increase of over 240% in terms of the price of crypto punks in the last 24 hours. Talking of crypto punks, crypto punks is an example of a relatively successful project in the NFT space, but spotting the right opportunity in the crypto world remains a big challenge. Some investors, like Kai Wu, have employed the philosophy of value investing. Kai spoke with Moritz on how he adapted that age old technique to investing in crypto. Let's take a look at the clip.
Speaker C: I found myself into crypto in early 2014. I was running prop trading strategies in arbitrage, cross exchange, arbitrage, triangle trades across currencies and market making. Did that for about six to nine months, and unfortunately, by the end, while we were making very high risk adjusted returns, decided we were just still too early in the space and simultaneously had an opportunity. Some guy was leaving GMO and asked me if I wanted to help him, co found a hedge fund. And I was like, yeah, that sounds great. So he went back into the traditional finance world, launched this fund that was called Kaleidoscope Capital. We got to about $350 million in AUM from a bunch of institutional investors. In 2018, I left to start Sparkline Capital. And really, the big vision for Sparkline is, as you mentioned, trying to modernize value investing. Value investing, of course, is the idea of buying low, selling high against a metric of intrinsic value. And it has this very grand tradition over 100 years, starting with Ben Graham in the 1930s. The big problem is that the metrics that people use to measure value are still very much stuck in that time period, this industrial era, where the biggest companies were real roads and textile mills, whereas today value is what I call intangible, right? Facebook, Google, these companies are kind of at the top of the market. And what gives modern organizations moats are intangible pillars, of which there are four things that I've defined. So brand equity, human capital, network effects, and intellectual property. These are what gives them an advantage to you.
Speaker D: Maybe I can stop you there because this is going super quick, and I know you're excited about that.
Speaker E: By the way, I didn't know that you started out as a kind of.
Speaker D: Like market neutral exchange arp type of trading business. There's a lot of hedge fund managers out there, obviously, as you know, that run exactly these strategies like market making, location arbitrage, and digital assets basis trading, all these type of things. So you decided to not do that and go back to essentially where you came from, your upbringing, educational wise, in terms of trading is value, and to translate what you've learned in equities or bonds and all these other traditional asset classes into the digital asset space. But before we go into how exactly you do that, what exactly is value in your definition? Because people, when you say value, it's kind of, oh, yeah, Warren Buffett, he's a value investor. Yeah, okay, that's fine. There's many other value investors as well. They go about this in probably different spirits. Like, for one person it might just be a low p e ratio, for another person it's going to be, oh, how big is the moat around their business and how far away are their competitors? You're looking at intangibles. So maybe you define value, what that means for you, and what you're looking at, what's important for you when you think about value. And then we move this into the digital asset space, why this is different, for sure.
Speaker C: And so you bring up Warren Buffett, and I love telling this story, so I want to tell it now. So one of the reasons why Buffett is so impressive is not just because of his track record, but because of his longevity and adaptability. He started out as a direct disciple of Ben Graham, the father of value investing in the fifties. And his style was very different back then. It was what he called cigar bot investing, finding companies that are trading below net liquidation value, buying them, waiting for realization, and then moving on. Right. And what happened was, over the past few decades, the next few decades, he completely transformed the way he invested. He moved from cigar butts to what he called wonderful companies at reasonable prices, working with Charlie Munger. And this was again during the period where the american economy transformed from industrial into more consumer facing. So his famous investments in Coca Cola, where he focused very much on the brands and the management quality of these companies, and then you fast forward further. His biggest investment at Berkshire that's carried his p and l the past ten years has been Apple. Apple is, what, 20 plus percent of brochures value, and has amounted to close to 100% of his profits. Why did he buy Apple? It was because, as he said, it wasn't because of the ecosystem or even the brand, which is very strong, but because of the network effects, iOS, and just the value of that ecosystem that applied, created. So I like Warren Buffett's story because it very much mirrors the evolution of my thought process around value as well, which is starting with the most basic accounting principles around, like, hey, if there's cash on the balance sheet, we want to unlock that all the way up to adding brand, human capital, intellectual property, network effects. And see, these are the kind of the four pillars. So we're staying within equities. That, to me, encompass what is valued today more.
Speaker B: It's really interesting stuff about applying this age old Graham Dodd method of investing to a totally new domain. What are your thoughts? What are your takeaways on how kai is doing this?
Speaker E: Yeah, I found this super interesting. So here's an investor with a traditional value background valuing equities and other assets. And apparently the challenge is how do you bring this thinking in this framework into a more technology driven world? This is not only crypto, but this is also tech stocks such as Facebook and Google and Apple. And how do you value them? And what Kai has told us, it's essentially about intangibles. He's defined four pillars of intangible value, brand value, intellectual property, network effects, and human capital. And this is different type of data. There's no price to book, there's no price to sales. And this is what he's using to systematically, essentially come through the crypto space and find the tokens that have the most attractive valuation. So that I thought was really interesting. We're speaking to a lot of managers at Xpam, but he's one of a kind. He's really the only systematic value investor that I've come across, and I found it fascinating to talk to him.
Speaker B: It is really interesting. You mentioned this idea in traditional equity is relatively easy. You may have a different interpretation, but at least the data is standardized. You can look at sales, you can look at the ratio of sales to book, all very standard parameters, but obviously an incredibly different space here in crypto. Okay, Moritz, with that said, how do you value cryptocurrencies?
Speaker E: Well, it's absolutely daunting and very challenging. I mean, there are so many tokens out there right now, I think more than 15,000, 16,000. So how do you actually go about this? You need a systematic framework. This is what Kai is doing. So I raised that point with him. Let's take a listen and see how he does it.
Speaker D: So you go about the digital asset space in a systematic way. Maybe we start with the types of data that you're looking at. I mean, what is of interest to you, and where do you get that data from?
Speaker C: And are we talking about equities or crypto in this?
Speaker D: No, the cryptos. I think for the equities, when you do it systematically, you can download all sorts of things from a Bloomberg terminal, like price to sales and book to sales and all these types of things. Or you read the balance sheet and all the corporate statement that they bring out. But a token, and theres like 1415, whatever, 16,000 coins and tokens out there. They rarely release a balance sheet. They rarely release something that is like a PE ratio or anything like that. And you wouldnt be able to find them on your Bloomberg terminal anyways. So you need to go about it in a different way for sure. You do it systematically. But maybe we start at the beginning, like what type of data are you looking at? And then more granularly, how do you analyze the data?
Speaker C: Yeah, so just, I want to just clarify one thing, which is within equities, we don't look at accounting data. To us, accounting data has kind of failed to evolve similar to traditional kind of price to book metrics, which you mentioned have some flaws over the past 100 years. Instead, what we do is we look for unstructured alternative data. So, for example, to measure IP, one thing we'll look at is like patent abstracts. We looked at in our last research paper, we looked at the past 200 years of patents, the first one being signed by George Washington in 1790, and said, hey, can we figure out what technologies are trending through time and then buy companies that are innovating in these trending technologies, whether it's blockchain today or the railroad or automobile 100 years ago? And so that's how we kind of measure IP in equities now in crypto. Taking this back here, it's not about no one knows patents. And so the big challenge when I tried to figure out can we port the model from equities into cryptos, was, can we actually come up with data sets that will allow us to quantify intangible value in these four pillars within crypto? And the good news is that in fact you can do even better. So whereas patents were pretty good in equities, in crypto, it's open source. You can actually look at the source code in GitHub, look at what it looks like today, yesterday, all the way back through time. So what that allows you to do is to form metrics around intellectual property. Hey, how quickly is this team iterating on their code base, say, over rolling periods of time, and then going to the human capital element? What you can do is look at how many and who are the contributors to each project, how many daily active or monthly active developers are working on this project. Is it a centralized team? Decentralized? So that's how I home in on those two pillars. The other really unique dataset within crypto is obviously blockchains. I always talk about it as if you could open up Visa's ten k every twelve to 14 seconds, and from there you can see daily active users, transaction volume, all these sorts of throughput and adoption metrics in real time. It's really quite impressive, say, compared to the traditional finance world where it's like every quarter with lag, and then finally social media. So social media is of course important not just in crypto, but also in traditional businesses. Nike and Apple, they care a lot about their brands online, but what makes it extra powerful within the crypto space is that these are decentralized, digitally native organizations where a lot of the coordination and the communication all occurs online in channels like Telegram or Reddit, Twitter, which is all information that's available to the public and you can pull down and scrape on your own and from there form metrics around, you know, the, what is the sort of, what is the brand that this company has? What is the perception in the market? Or how much reach does this have across, you know, the Twitter sphere?
Speaker B: So we listen to the framework. Moritz, what do you think the risks are inherent in this framework, as Kai describes it?
Speaker E: Yeah, no risk, no return, and vice versa. I mean, you know, value investing has the issue that something that looks attractive from a valuation perspective could be staying cheap for, or could be cheap for a reason. It could be staying cheap for a very long time. And not only that, sometimes you have these tokens, in his case go to zero because it's a fraudulent scheme or because it just didn't work. The project didn't work because of a hack, whatever it is, clearly only looking at these metrics and finding the cheapest things is not free of risk. So I found it fascinating, or found it very solid. In the way that he does it, like systematically he ranks them, he puts them into categories. He makes sure that he stays diversified in his approach. He's not putting all the risk concentrated into one sector of the market, and this is how he goes about doing that. He completely expects that at some point an accident will happen, but it's only going to be at a smaller part of his portfolio, hopefully, and it's not going to take the entire thing for a bath.
Speaker B: Well said and elegantly framed, Moritz. So now that we've established these metrics, how do you go about comparing them?
Speaker E: Well, I asked Kai which of the metrics are the real game changers here in the game that he's playing and what he does to pick the right coins and tokens. So let's see what he says.
Speaker D: Let's just say we're looking at Polkadot and Solana. Both are ones.
Speaker E: I think youve just explained to us.
Speaker D: Youre looking at developer activity on GitHub, youre looking at on chain data, whatever type, maybe transactions or notional value of throughput, whatever youre looking at there, youre looking at social media. So for instance, Twitter or LinkedIn, whats happening there? So off the top of your head, im not sure if you have a Solana or a Polkadot position, but how do you now compare Solana to Polkadot when you work through your four pillars? And maybe if you do know, how do they rank in your value framework right now?
Speaker C: Yeah, so we don't hold either of those tokens and we'll get into what is the investment universe of the strategy a little bit later. So I can't speak to specifics, but the framework is straightforward. We are assessing the intangible value on the four pillars for each of the different l one s. And it will look at to say, hey, which one has, say more developers, which one has more transactions, which one has more followers? But it's not as simple as that because we're not looking for absolute numbers because that'll just give you the biggest one, because we're value investors. So what we care about is how much am I paying for what I get? So for each dollar I put in, how many engineers am I buying? How many followers am I buying? How many users am I getting? And so it's very much the ratio of market cap to traction, however defined. So in the case of crypto. So in the case of equities, it would be like trailing earnings or book value would be a traditional definition. And we're trying to expand that to include all these other things. So you think about it, it's really no different. These are early stage technology companies, that's what they are. And so you want to approach this market the same way a vc would, which would be to say, hey, this project doesn't have a ton of revenue yet, doesn't have a ton of earnings. But what I do know is that if they have a strong team, if they have an active developer community, if they have traction amongst users and user growth, that's a good thing. And I want to find projects with those attributes where I'm not overpaying for that.
Speaker D: I think what you're saying is, for instance, in the case of Ethereum, Ethereum has the largest developer community. I'm not sure. I guess they do have the largest developer community out there. So if you were just looking at the number of developers or the number of co deployment on GitHub and these type of things, then Ethereum would always be number one and it always belong Ethereum. That's not what you want. So you normalize this in a way by dividing it through by float market cap or fully diluted market cap, I don't know, but some kind of market cap valuation in order to have a level playing field for Solana and Avalanche and Ethereum and all those layer ones. And then you do this for all these pillars, you then rank it and that gives you your top selections, right?
Speaker C: Exactly.
Speaker D: And terms that. Okay, cool. Now, is there any like out of the, how many thousands of tokens and coins that we have today, are there any that you would exclude before you even start that exercise? Or do you say no, everything, everything that's a crypto, everything that's a token, everything that's a digital asset, everything is my universe. I'm not pre selecting anything, I just analyze them all. Is this how you go about it or.
Speaker C: Yeah, so one of my views in the asset class is that I'm bullish on blockchain technology and crypto as a platform. But we don't really know. We have to be humble. We don't really know what is the killer app. Keep an open mind. You think back to the evolution of the ecosystem. I was doing this in 2014. It was just a totally different world back then. Since then we've seen the rise of Ethereum, Defi NFTs and who knows next year what will be the newest innovation. What we want to do is just be willing to not impose our views top down and say, I'm only going to focus on blockchain gaming because that's my thesis we want to say instead let's go wherever where there's traction. So if we see developers leave Ethereum to go into Svana, that's an interesting data point. If we see a totally new use case emerge, let's say like real estate and users start to move into that segment, will follow them again, all provided that the market caps aren't already pricing that in. So if there's a new token that people starting to get huge adoption, but the market's overhyped it and it's really expensive, we're not going to do that. But the whole idea here is let's follow the users, let's follow the developers through the ecosystem over the next decade and be very agile in a space that's ultra fast moving and imposing top down views, like saying, hey, we're an Ethereum based fund that only focuses on metaverse stuff. I think that would be boxing yourselves in too much in a market that's in its current phase.
Speaker B: Listening to Kai Mertz, this sounds extremely involved, systematic, complex. How do you break it down?
Speaker E: I agree with you ash. I think he runs a completely very sophisticated investment process there. And I think to really do this DIy at home, do it yourself, you have to have a good understanding of value in the first place, and the intangibles as he defined them. But you also need to have a good tech understanding because what he does is technologically involved. He's looking at on chain data, he's systematically doing that, programmatically doing that. He's looking at social media feeds. So what's going on on Twitter, what's going on on LinkedIn, what's going on on GitHub? I mean the number of developers there, all these type of things. So this is just nothing that I could just pull off here on my desk today and do this for myself. As I've said before, I think he's.
Speaker D: One of a kind.
Speaker E: He's the first trader investor doing in that type of way. And I know in the preparatory discussion that I had with him, it took him a lot of time to actually get to the point where he could execute it in the way that he's doing it now.
Speaker B: So you just need to be able to understand the Graham Dodd model and also read code simultaneously.
Speaker E: I think so.
Speaker B: So if you've done your research and you have a strong conviction, it's tempting to focus on the biggest potential winners.
Speaker E: Well that is always a risk. And Kay had a cautionary tale to tell us there. So lets listen in. So lets get to the next level.
Speaker D: So say theres like 15,000 assets out there. I dont know how many exactly there are, but something like that, right? You could now rank them all, and one asset would be the winner, or theres like maybe some would have the exact same score, but theres going to be some that rank very highly and theres going to be the backend. You have quite a few that will be the poor docs, and you wouldnt be selecting them. You could actually create a portfolio which gives very little weight or no weight to those assets that rank very poorly, and a lot of weight to those assets that rank richly or good on value. But how do you now actually form the portfolio? Do you go by percentiles and say, I want to be long 15% or 20% of the market? Or do you go like, I want to be long the top five or the best five in each. Let's call it sectors. Metaverse, web three gaming exchange tokens, layer ones, layer twos, if that's your sector classification. There's no standard of that yet. By the way, I think that the market is developing these categorizations right now. As we speak, everybody still has slightly different ones. So how do you actually put the portfolio together and how many assets will end up in your book at the end of the day when you're done with your ranking?
Speaker C: Right. So the first thing is we don't do any kind of sector neutralization or sector constraints. And it goes to the point I was making before, which is, this is an evolving space. And as you point out, even then, the definitions currently are very subjective. And so we don't want to say, hey, we have, you know, 20% in metaverse, and that, you know, may grow or shrink over time, and then kind of be kind of held to that. So we want to go bottoms up and say, we'll look at everyone equal and kind of go where there's value. It might, if it turns out that metaverse is a big thing in the industry, then, you know, a greater share of the pie will become metaverse over time. But that will be kind of where the fundamental value is, and we feel comfortable doing that. So what we do is we take everything on an equal playing field, regardless of sector, and kind of rank them, as you point out, and take the top 15%. That's one five, right. And so why 15%? You know, it's a little bit arbitrary, but the idea is if you, you know, hold too many things, then you're diluting your alpha. And by the way, there's a lot of operational and custody complexity, withholding tons of different tokens. So, like, it ends up being a bit of a cost to do that, increase a lot of friction if you go too narrow. Let's imagine you hold just a few tokens, or if you're like, not equal weighting like we do, but you say, I'm going to put hold ten things, but put 90% into one thing. You're going to do this problem, which is that crypto is a frontier market, and it's one in which there is massive existential risk. So take, for example, Luna, which was in the news recently. There are a lot of very highly sophisticated investors who put a lot of money into Luna and lost it. A $40 billion market cap top ten crypto going to zero in a week. That stuff can happen for us. We're trying to, again, take this idea of humility and saying, we don't know. We can't predict the future, so let's use diversification. And then the second point, I guess, kind of the converse of that would be the key here, is to not miss winners. Imagine you're an investor in the nineties, and you're trying to make a bet on the Internet, and you're like, I think that the Internet's going to become a big thing, but you only put all your money to one stock like Web van, you'd be very disappointed because you made the right macro call, but you made no money. And so for us, the idea is we're trying to balance that risk of being not diversified enough with the friction dilution of too much. So 15% is the number that we settle upon that gives us that nice balance.
Speaker F: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what. With each vendor, Ramp's software collects and verifies receipts instantly. To save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments. Time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use Ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker, adding Ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get $250 when you join ramp for free, just go to ramp.com easy ramp.com easy ramp.com easy cards issued by Sutton bank and celtic bank members of DIC. Terms and conditions apply.
Speaker B: More so lots of information here from Kai today on this general theme of value investing and how it applies to crypto. Final thoughts Moritz Key takeaways that you would like to leave our viewers with from this conversation?
Speaker E: Yeah, so what certainly a key takeaway for me was listening to Kai is that he systematically and on purpose develops and builds up exposure to what he calls the tail of the distribution. So what he means by that is the smaller cap type of tokens, and those are names that even I, and maybe not us as well, we're in the space, but we haven't heard of them. It's kind of like something that sits at number 100 or number 150 of the cap table. I wouldn't even know what that is, but his algorithm finds it. So that gives exposure to just a different part of the return spectrum. It's not just bitcoin and ethereum and Solana and avalanche and Polkadot, and we all hear those names. Great. But it's like the top ten blue chip, the heavy market cap type of tokens and coins. He has them potentially. It's not a given, but he definitely also is in the tailored distribution. There's other things happening there. The entire space we know is correlated, but it's not perfectly correlated with one. Sometimes some of these smaller tokens completely decouple and they do other things and they start to go up or zig when others sack and that can potentially be very valuable.
Speaker B: Yeah, really interesting stuff. I personally really enjoyed this interview when we watched it ahead of the show. Really great stuff. So I just wanted to give some key takeaways here from this conversation. So we heard what value investing is and how the age old philosophy associated with legendary equity investors Benjamin Graham and Warren Buffet can be adopted into the crypto space. Kai Wu described his view of crypto specific value investing and described his portfolio weightings. Kai also shared his views on the importance of diversification given the volatility and newness of this space. Mauritz, with all that said, it looks like we've got some questions from the viewers. Want to take a couple of those?
Speaker E: Sure. Absolutely. Sounds like a good idea.
Speaker C: Great.
Speaker B: So this first one comes to us from Jonathan from the real vision site, and the question is, any news and updates about ETH 2.0? Final testing coming into place from 6 August.
Speaker E: Well, don't ask me personally. I know as much as anybody, I know that the proposed date of the merge is the 19 September. So that is another six weeks to go or seven, six and a half weeks to go, something like that. So then it'll go to Mainnet. Odds are this will happen, but I really do not know. Let's say it has a relatively high probability of happening. The question is what if that is reflected in the price today? That is the difficult question to answer. We're about 1516 hundred, I think right now in ethereum. I speak to a lot of people. They tell me it should be going up and go to make new highs. The last high was 4700.
Speaker D: I'm not so sure about that.
Speaker E: So really let's see what happens around the 19th, whether there really is this strong tailwind, that strong impetus that will drive Ethereum higher from there. I'm as surprised and as excited as anybody listening here.
Speaker B: Well, Maritz, you perfectly anticipated our final question from Joyner on the real vision site. Can you please tell us if the bottom is in or there'll be new lows coming this month? So really easy question, Mauritz, just predict the price of.
Speaker E: Thank you.
Speaker B: He goes on to add, will macro affect the crypto markets despite recent deleveraging?
Speaker E: Well, I do hope that the bottom is in. We've heard a couple of people say it is in. Sam Bankman Fried said it. I think role came across very bullish. That's fine. Clearly in July has been a super bullish month. Ethereum has made 60%. That's quite a rally, as we've said at the beginning of the show. Whether the bottom is in, I don't know. I think maybe today we're going lower level. Nancy Pelosi is supposed to land in Taiwan. That's like a risk off event. If that really happens, who knows if interest rates move lower because we have recession kicking in. If the Nasdaq rallies ifs and ifs and ifs, if this becomes more of a risk on environment, then yeah, I fully expect cryptos to follow along with a successful merge in Ethereum on the 19th. Yeah, maybe we can easily go through 2000, 2500. Odds are, I mean, going out. Olympia, I think odds are more that we move a little bit higher from here, take a breather, then we see where it goes. But I think that trend to the top side still has some legs to run on more.
Speaker B: It's always insightful. A pleasure to do this with you once again.
Speaker E: Thank you, Ash.
Speaker B: That's it for today's show. You can keep the conversation going in the comment section on the exchange or in our pro crypto discord server. See you tomorrow live on real vision crypto daily briefing.
