Speaker A: Whoa.
Speaker B: Landing an account this big will totally change my landscaping business. It's gonna mean hiring more guys and more equipment and new trucks for the new guys to drive the new equipment in. I don't know if I'm ready.
Speaker C: You can do this. And Ford Pro finsimple can help. Our experts are ready to make growing pains less painful for your business with flexible financing solutions that meet the needs of your business today when you need them. Get started@fordpro.com. financing hey, visionaries.
Speaker D: Today's episode is brought to you by Polkadot, a leading layer zero blockchain with over 2000 developers. It's a network protocol that allows arbitrary data, not just tokens, to be transferred across blockchains. Listen to what Polkadot creator Gavin Wood tells Raoul about Polkadot's coming jam chain, short for join accumulate machine.
Speaker E: So what we're doing is we're turning what used to be the Polkadot relay chain build for a very specific purpose, right? To secure and relay messages between separate blockchain ecosystems. And we're turning that into something much more akin to this world computer, this kind of ubiquitous, multicore, singleton, virtual machine.
Speaker D: Learn more and join the community now by going to realvision.com polkadot.
Speaker A: Join me, Raoul Pell, as I go on a journey of discovery through the macro crypto and exponential age landscapes in the journeyman. I talk to the smartest people in the world so we can all become smarter together. Hi, Raoul pal here. Welcome to my show, the journeyman. Well, this is actually a short little thing I wanted to put together for you about the question I get asked probably the most from everybody, and I can understand why, which is, when do I sell my crypto? And there's a lot to that. So I wanted to address it now, obviously, if you're here on my YouTube channel, Raoul pal, the journeyman, you're watching this, please subscribe to the channel. You'll get these kind of updates, plus my long form interviews, plus my analysis. It really helps the numbers. So if you find this kind of content useful, make sure you subscribe to the channel. Okay, let's talk about the psychology of when to take profits. The cycles that we know are there. And let's just think it through together because it's going to vary for everybody. And that's a key thing. So as we know, crypto is very cyclical based on this everything code thesis that I've built, which is there's a debt refi cycle that happens every four years because everybody reset the interest rates in 2008 to zero and then made all the government debts in around four years, three to five years, and it's created this endless cycle, which happens to be the same as the bitcoin halving cycle and the US presidential cycle. So we're faced with these cycles. And out of three years, crypto is the best performing asset in the world in year one, crypto spring, year two, crypto summer, year three, crypto fall, and macro Spring, summer, fall. And then year four is the worst. And the worst is what scars people. And people want to know how to deal with this. So how I think about it first is you've got to establish what are your goals here? What is your time horizon for your investments? So if you're saying my big macro thesis is this space goes from, let's say, $2.5 trillion today to, let's say, ten to 15 trillion at the end of this cycle, depending how big this cycle is, to 100 trillion by, let's say, 2032. So we've got the largest wealth generating macro trend of all time and it's still in front of us. Yes, the early days were super high returns, but it's still super high returns. So we don't want to fuck this up, we want to capture that. So a lot of people start thinking, well, should I trade out in macro crypto fall, try and sell that peak and then buy in the bottom, and then I don't have to go through the horror of, of the 75% drawdowns. Let's think about this. Firstly, I'm going to give you what I did and the lessons I learned, and then we'll talk about how we can deal with this cycle going forwards so I can help you navigate your needs. And we've all got different needs here. So the first time I bought bitcoin was at dollar 200 in 2013. I had a five to ten year view that this was going to be worth a million bucks, and it was $200. And I discounted myself by 90% for being a moron, thinking that it could go to a million dollars. So I said, listen, it's worth $100,000. This is $200. This is the best opportunity I've ever seen. I treated it like a call option at the time. I didn't put a huge amount of money in, but a decent size. And I said, right, I'm just going to forget about it. It went up like a rocket ship straight after that. And I was up five x or something very quickly and I was like, oh my God, I'm clearly George Soros. I'm the best trader ever. And then it fell 85%. And I just didn't worry about it because it was a call option at the time. I thought, well, I could go to zero. So I'll just see. Let me play this out. That's a macro time horizon, long term time horizon. I thought if I just hold it long enough, we should generate huge returns by 2017. Crypto is taking off again, and it's at $2,000. And I was now up ten x and the bitcoin forking wars happened. And I mid curved it, mid curving it, if you remember, is when youre overthinking a very simple trend, which is you can be the moron on the left or the Jedi master on the right, but in the middle is where you do all of the overthinking. The moron on the left is it goes from two and a half trillion to ten to 15 trillion to 100 trillion. Just do that. Everything in the middle is regulation. What happens if somebody replaces the tokens that I've got? It's, what about forking all of these things? They're all noise. So I succumbed to the noise. I'm like, I don't know what this means. Do I switch into one bitcoin cash or whatever, stupid. And so anyway, I took profits, was up ten x and I thought I was great. And then it went up another ten x in the next nine months. 2017 was staggering. Im like, oh, wow, okay, but I wasnt worried because ive made ten x. So I try not to have regrets about positions. And then it fell and it fell 85% as usual. And 2018, there was all the tether Fudd at the time. There was a whole bunch of misery around the 20, 1819 bear market. So 18 was that terrible year. Then it bases in 19 starts rising. I start watching it and then start digging in, doing the homework of do I want to get back in in meaningful size and then watching the chart pattern, looking for an entry, and it does this massive kind of wedge pattern gets to the top, tries to break out, drops into the middle on the COVID massive sell off. And im right, this is the opportunity because I know this chart pattern, the likelihood its going higher. I got in there and I massively sized up versus my original bet. Maybe its six, seven times bigger than the first time I went in. And ive added since. Okay, so how did I do? I felt great because ID bought it low, sold it into a big rally in one cycle, then bought it, iD ridden one cycle all the way up and down, rode the other one up, sold out then rebought into maximum pain, they're down 50% day, and then the breakout of 10,000. Above that, I thought, yeah, I've done pretty well with this. I then went back and looked at why, if I just kept my original bet, which was much smaller, I would have made five times as much money by not doing anything. That kind of upset me a little bit, because I thought, yeah, I was a macro guy, I traded it. Well, no, the issue being is this asset is in a logarithmic uptrend based on a network adoption model, Metcalfe's law. And so all of the highs are higher and all of the lows are higher. And when you put it on a normal scaling, it keeps looking like a bubble. And then this. And when you look back on the chart, these little blips versus this, because it's this gigantic trend. So what you start to realize is the drawdowns are a feature and a benefit if you think about them. Right. So this time around, oh, I then calculated, okay, what happens if I just added my original size again? It wasn't the biggest bet in the world, but it was good enough every time we had one of these massive drawdowns. So crypto winter. And let's assume again that Raoul's a total moron. He misses the low by 30%, because to market timing, this stuff is hard as hell. Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back. Hi, you. Hey, listen, if you're enjoying this, come and see me on the YouTube channel, Raoul, pal, the journeyman. Sign up there. Get everything I ever do. See you there. If I'd have just done that in the two cycles 13 and 2018, I would have done 25 times better, because youre compounding. And that really struck me. Im like, okay, now I understand. So this cycle, the 2022 downside, I didnt do anything except buy when I thought we were close to the bottom. And I started buying in June, and I got the eth low in June, and then I bought more, and I bought some solana in June, actually, which was too early. And then I bought again in October, November, and it worked out beautifully. And that was based around my liquidity cycle and where we are in this whole macro crypto summer stuff. And we were just finishing winter then. I'd gone to my all time highs in p and l way before the market had even got close to all time highs. Now, it helped. I managed to nail Solana. But even then, by compounding and adding to trades into those you do really well. So for those of you who don't need the money now, then I would take that cycle, the down cycle, with utter joy and add, expect to see an 80% drawdown. Maybe it's less this time, maybe it's more. Solana was down 97% this time. ETH was last time down 97%. And embrace it, because every time you buy those lows, you're going to 1020, 50 x, depending what you're buying, just some major coins. So it is a huge wealth generator. If you imagine Solana last year was a ten x in the first in Crypto spring. We haven't got to summer or fall yet. We're just transitioning to summer now. So if you've got a long term time horizon, you will definitely make more money by following that route. Buy the sell off, embrace it, have cash ready for it. Right now, we're probably in the last opportunity to put cash into the market. So if you've got cash or you're waiting, now is the last chance. Because after this, we hit the banana zone and everything goes a bit crazy, and then it becomes unbiable. And your entry levels, if we do have a bear market, then youre below water. You should not be from these levels or not by much anyway. These are good final levels to jam in as much as you can. Okay, so if you're the long term person, wait for 2026 and go, yeah, I can't believe I can get more and compound more wealth. Get some cash ready for that. And be ready when everybody's panicking, you be the person to stand up and say, I got money, because don't forget, nobody has money when you bloody need to. It was hard for me to find money because cash flows have gone down, because the economy is slow. All the other things that you have to deal with. But anyway, okay, that's one route. The other route a bunch of you say, well, I want to take everything off the table. I don't want to deal with the stress of the debt markets. That's fine, too, right? We all need to understand our own, uh, psychology and our behavior patterns. I can't help with timing the top. I know that it should be by my work sometime in summer to, um, winter of 2025. But when? Well, my liquidity stuff says, well, liquidity should peak in July of 2025. Is that going to be definitely right? I don't know, but directionally its going to be roughly right because itll look like most other cycles. Generally the cycles have peaked at the end of the year. But could that change? Remember, the last cycle was a weird one because we had this huge run up, we had a peak, we had a huge sell off, then we had another peak, didnt make much progress, and then it collapsed after that, at the end of the year, the 2013 cycle was different. It was a super pump in the end, and 2017 was an accelerated pump. So of the three cycles we've had, the 2021 top was actually a bit of an outlier. But we don't know what the tops are going to look like, is my point. So how are you going to time that? Let's imagine you get out roughly right within 1020 percent of the high or whatever. Let's say you've turned $100 into $1,000 and now you're waiting for the bear market. I will guarantee you will not put the same amount back in because you'll be terrified of losing it. And what you'll end up doing is sizing the position much smaller than you would have done. And you play with a negative psychology of I don't know when to add, when to add, and before you know it, you've actually screwed the whole thing up. What if you'd have kept it and added would have been better? So that's one thing I think most people don't realize is it's, it could be easy to take profits. And like I did in 2017, you dont have regrets even if it goes up more. The hard thing is actually putting the same amount back in again. Its a real psychological problem. So think that one through. I dont like that way of doing things. I think everybodys trying to be too cute. Heres my suggested path for most people, and maybe something I will do this time myself, is we dont know what the cycle peak is going to look like. We don't quite know when it's going to be. We do know it would be crazy early if it finished this year. Usually the back part of the year. After the US election, there's usually a screaming pump into the end of the year. So my advice is use that in terms of time and not price, and take maybe a third off the table for lifestyle chips. Okay? Now you can buy your car or your house if you're lucky or whatever it is, or some extra savings, right? Take some money out of crypto land, put it into fiat world where you live, secure your lifestyle, the things that matter to you right now, you've taken all of the pressure off, you've done it by time and not price, which is towards the end of the year, I'm going to take a third off. I don't really care what the price is because it will be up a lot. So I'm just going to take it off. And then now I've de risked my life, so I can now run 2025 more intelligently. So 2025, you can then run with the rest of the money that you've got, the two thirds remaining, and you can say, okay, I'm going to take some off by about the summer. If I wanted to take more off, maybe you don't. Maybe just run the rest because you've now de risked your lifestyle. That's my favorite approach. But what I would have a tendency to do is if we do get a mega pump, the 20 1317, then take another third off. When that happens, if it doesn't and it gets stunted, it doesn't matter. You've taken a third off, you've protected your lifestyle and then you can then buy some cash with that. If you keep that cash, you can buy the dip or you use it to, as I said, for your lifestyle chips. But this way, you're now ready for whether it stops early, you don't care because you've taken your money off the table, but you're still in the game. That being in the game is the secular trend. That's the most important thing to me. But if it really goes wild, you take a bit more off and you can put it into the lifestyle chips bank and then you've still got a position, because if you don't have a position in a secular market, I think you end up making suboptimal choices. So that's how. Now, you might not say a third. Maybe it's 50% for you. It doesn't matter. What I'm trying to give you is an idea of not trying to nail the top, trying to think in terms of time zones and then how much lifestyle chips de risks your life, because I think it's too important a trend to fuck this up. So that's the best advice I can give. I will probably do the third off strategy this time around because I've got some lifestyle stuff I want to do. I did not last time, and I was bloody happy with not doing anything but buying the dip. I will absolutely buy the dip in 2026 because this trend is going to keep going. Remember, 2.5 trillion to ten, to 15,000,000,000,015 is the pump. The 10 trillion should be normal to 100 trillion. That's the game. We're playing here. Let the cyclicality be your friend. Understand that there are seasons that you can use to your advantage. We are transitioning right now, and I'm talking to you. This is Sunday the 12 May. I'm recording this. We are just transitioning where we're about to hit crypto summer, and that usually happens June, July of the season cycle, and then it goes bananas. Of course there will be corrections and there will be sharp corrections. 30 40% can happen, but it usually goes up into the banana zone from here. That's when you've got to be careful not to lose your mind and fuck this up. Doing other things you shouldn't be doing, like putting all your portfolio into meme coins because they're going up the most, because you want to maximize profit. Think of this as a longer term gain. Youll make plenty of money if you stay with a secular trend in the big tokens and have a small amount to play in. The other stuff. The other thing that I have been doing is ive been taking some of my main bet of Solana and putting it into nfTs, which is another thesis. And this is x copy and people, two artists. Ive bought some others, but the two artists where I think that a huge amount of that hundred trillion of wealth will end up being stored in high end art that stays within crypto land. And I'll talk about that thesis another time. So I've been taking some profits into assets, long term assets, but really for me, I'll take a third off and then run the rest. I don't want to mess around with it too much every time I've seen anybody. The reason Jeff Bezos is the richest man in the world, essentially, is because he never sold his stock, didnt trade his stock, just held on Bill Gates. All of these people you hold onto a secular trend, it compounds over time. And if you can buy more, buy more. But listen, thats the general idea for you. I hope that helps. Try not to time it in terms of exact price. Do it in terms of time. I like the end of the year because its usually the end of this year because its usually pump tastic. And youll feel pretty decent about taking some money off. Itll feel like significant money. You won't feel like it too early, but it'll be enough that can make the lifestyle difference and that gives you the psychology to succeed. For those of you who really want to compound wealth again, don't do anything and buy the sell off. Use it to your advantage. Get cash aside, squirrel it away. Save it. Do anything you can so you can jam money in. Anyway, good luck out there. The banana zone is coming. It will take care of a lot of sins. Meantime, don't fuck this up. Now. For those of you watching this again, if you do like content like this, I'm experimenting to do more of this short form. If you do leave a comment below, subscribe to the channel put your notifications on those of you who want to go a little bit further in their crypto journey. We have a ton of stuff within real vision crypto, which I think is very useful for you. And that's a whole channel based around this. And that's realvision.com crypto. Or go to realvision.com. it's all free and you can navigate. You can find it all from there. In fact, do that, go to realvision.com free. You get all the tools, you get tons of great content and real vision crypto plus the academy. You can find them all there in the real vision marketplace. Anyway, I'll see you next time. Take care.
Speaker D: We hope you enjoyed this episode at Real Vision. We arm you with the expert knowledge, time efficient tools and a powerful network to help you succeed on your financial journey. Get a taste of financial freedom with our free offer@realvision.com. free.
