Speaker A: You're a podcast listener, and this is a podcast ad. Reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from lips and ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements, or run a reproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience with lips and ads, go to lipsandads.com now. That's Libsyn ads.com.
Speaker B: Hey, everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance. Join the real Vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten. That's podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Now to the top analysis of today's crypto markets.
Speaker C: What's up, everybody? Welcome to real Vision Crypto Daily briefing. I'm Ash Bennington. I've got Parataxas Capital co founders with me today, CEO Edward Chin and CIO Tejas Naval. Welcome, guys.
Speaker D: Thanks for having us, Ash.
Speaker C: Well, it's great to have you here. Lots to talk about, obviously, lots of news flow. We got a pop in prices. Let's get to that right now. Take a look at price action here. Bitcoin trading at 29,860, trailing 24 hours. It's up ten and a quarter percent, trailing seven days, up nearly 15%. Ethereum trading $1,850, trailing 24 hours, up nearly 7%. On my screen, trailing seven days, up just about six and a third percent. Guys, we said it at the top of the show. A lot of news flow, a lot of interest right now in the space. We've got a lot of stories that show this kind of bridge between tradfi and crypto happening right now, or at least threatening to. We got a Blackrock ETF. We've got an exchange EDX announced yesterday. This is Chuck Schwab, Fidelity Citadel virtue sequoia paradigm, some true behemoths of the trad five space. And today, this morning, Deutsche bank applying for a digital asset custody license in Germany. Guys, big picture. What do you make of it?
Speaker D: Hey, Ash. Yeah, I think it's a reaction to the Blackrock ETF news. I think the market was due for a little bit of a catalyst. There were some signs of for selling that took place over the last several weeks, which tapered off right in line with when Blackrock announced their ETF filing. So I think what we're seeing right now is a reaction to that, but more importantly, some short covering in the market as well. We saw some evidence of upside calls being priced in. So option market makers just repricing their books and the market is slowly grinding higher. So this could be the start of the next run. Time will tell, of course, but we feel very constructive over the fundamentals over the past several weeks.
Speaker E: Yeah, I think the key thing that the market was looking for was that incremental buyer. And to the extent that a household name, probably the bluest chip, institutional name in the space, Blackrock, the extent that they're going to come out with an ETF product that could tap into the $35 trillion us retirement market. There's your incremental buyer. And so I think the market's getting pretty excited about that. And the price action that we've been to see over the past couple of days is reflecting that.
Speaker C: So what do you make of it? What do you make of Blackrock's entry into the space? Obviously, lots of spot ETF's have been declined by regulators in the past. What do you make of it? What does Blackrock know or what do they think they know about their chances of getting an approval here for a spot bitcoin ETF?
Speaker D: So this is a debate we've had internally for, for going on two weeks now. We don't have, of course, without knowing any, any particular, specific information. We do think that. We do think that this is a little bit of a watershed moment for the space. Number one, Blackrock wouldn't enter the space, in my opinion, if they couldn't get this ETF through. It does, looking at the fine print does look and feel a little bit different than some of the spot ETF filings that have been rejected by the SEC since, over the past few years. So our own view internally is that there is a greater than 50% chance that this ETF will get approved. And what is particularly exciting for us as a fund manager, this is a real volume, real capital coming into the space that is likely not going to be traded on leverage. It is real, a long term huddle capital that is entering the spot markets, not the futures market, is entering the spot markets. In our view, that should bode well for market growth activity across the space.
Speaker C: So lets ask the obvious question. Why does it matter? Why does a bitcoin spot ETF generate more potential for activity for Blackrock than a futures ETF which has already been approved?
Speaker D: The easy answer there is there's no hidden costs that come from the contango between the futures price and spot prices. I don't remember the exact stat, but if you were holding one of the futures based ETF's year to date, I think you'd be underperforming bitcoin spot price by something like ten or 20%. There's a real cost to holding a futures based product. So number one, your performance is actually in line with bitcoin. Number two, again, for most crypto natives and for most practitioners in this space, spot activity does beget volume across the space. So as volume comes into bitcoin's spot markets, it does make its way into other spot markets, other blockchains, other layer ones, other tokens. And just by virtue of volume coming into the spot markets, that dynamic, it's.
Speaker C: Basically cheaper and therefore better tracking and also the potential for a great deal more volume in terms of retail interest in the product.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: So lets talk about what this means for the space more broadly. Obviously were seeing the surge on the price action right now, particularly on bitcoin. I believe were seeing highs right now for a significant period of time in terms of the bitcoin dominance index right now. And by the way, these will vary depending upon which index you look at. Im looking at coin market cap right now, its basically at 50%, 49% .9% bitcoin dominance index. This is obviously showing some significant interest in the space in terms of what market participants are looking at.
Speaker D: Yeah, you generally see this trend where the initial marginal capital comes into bitcoin, but then it slowly dissipates down further down the spectrum, into ethereum, into solana, into other layer ones, into actual, uh, the alts that are trading on different blockchains. Uh, you'll see bitcoin leading and you'll see the bitcoin dominance, uh, uh, ratio go up, uh, but then you slowly start seeing the e bitcoin ratio, um, bottom out, start moving higher. So that implies capital is being sold out of bitcoin into ethereum, capital is being sold out of bitcoin into other tokens. And you know, crypto traders are actually uh, uh, comfortable taking a bit more risk. And this is one of those trends. If you look at the ether, you'll see an oscillating relationship. So we're in the phase where the new marginal capital is coming into bitcoin. We've used the term that bitcoin is the gateway drug. Generally in the crypto markets, capital flows into bitcoin first. It's the most liquid, it's the most well known, it's the easiest to access, but then that capital slowly makes its way into ash.
Speaker E: If I could add to that, I think if I jump that back, if you think about the institutional allocators that have been exploring the space, we do manage public pension fund assets in a couple of our hedge funds, but I think retail and high net worth have always been a bit progressive and have gotten into this sector a bit earlier. I think for institutional allocators who are past the $35 trillion in retirement assets, the next couple of trillion dollars in deployable assets that are looking to get exposure to space, having an SEC approved regulated product from the likes of Blackrock, I think will help with the Reg risk. And in every one of our discussions, I think a lot of folks have spent the past three years on the institutional side studying the sector, and they have a pretty good sense of the investment opportunity. The key headline right now is Reg risk. And so I think with the approval of this ETF, and I saw a stat saying that BlackRock's hit rate is, I think, 500 to one in getting these approvals. And so as Tejas described, the fact that they're moving forward with it, I think lends to their confidence, number one. But number two bodes well for the sector as it really opens up the possible pool of investors that can look at deploy.
Speaker C: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back. So we got sucked into the news flow here. Obviously, there's a lot happening right now. Let's give a little bit of background, a little bit of context. You guys both come from the tradfi world. Tell us a little bit about your journey, how you guys got interested in crypto and what you're doing right now at parataxas.
Speaker E: Yeah, so by way of background, I'm a former military officer, spent about a decade as a tech media telecom banker, and came upon the space in late 2017. I ran the advisory business at one of the earlier merchant banks in the space called the element group, looking at early stage token projects, fundraising and investing. That's where I connected with my partner and co founder, CIO Tejas Noval. He was on the other side of the chinese wall, managing the firm's asset management business. We spent the first two years, I would say, at various hedge funds and merchant banks. I spent a year at Galaxy Digital before launching Parataxas Capital. Our goal from day one was to create a product that would appeal to institutional allocators. And we've been waiting four years for this day to come, and it's a great milestone for us. I feel like coming out of what was a pretty painful bear market, it sets us up pretty well, for the next phase of growth.
Speaker D: Yeah. And Ash, I have a similar background to Ed. Spent most of my career on a trading floor, spent about a decade at Goldman Sachs. I learned about bitcoin on a trading floor at Goldman. This is pre mount Gox. And I follow the space personally for a number of years. And for me, what was appealing was just seeing a second iteration of Wall street being architected as a trader. Obviously, it was appealing to trade the markets and be a part of that. And I decided to take a career risk in 2017. And I joined the element group with Ed, built and launched a hedge fund business over there, spent some time at another crypto quant fund, running a long, short strategy before leaving to launch parataaxis. And we launched our company in the beginning parts of 2020, launched our first fund in June of 2020. And right now we have four funds. Since we're a small team, I think we all, most of our team comes from a traditional Wall street background, from different parts of the ecosystem. But a lot of what we do does take into account what we've learned and how we were trained. Just being at a big bag.
Speaker C: Yeah. So let's talk a little bit about the secular thesis. Was it a play, as you suggested, about essentially modernizing financial infrastructure and architecture? Was it, you know, we see Jay Powell down on the hill today talking about inflation still not being adequately controlled. Was this about separating the monetary base from the nation state or from the central banking system? What was the thesis that you guys had from a secular basis when you spun up this fund? And by the way, 2017, you sure got the timing right.
Speaker E: Yeah, I mean, I can kick off there. I think the thesis initially was two parts. The first one is just the massive potential for growth in the center. I think with any nascent technology, something that can be as disruptive as web three, and the applications that are being built on all the various layer ones, that was really exciting for us. And obviously, that growth and adoption is typically manifested in price action first. And we did see a lot of that in 2017 and in 2020 and 2021. But as we, as fund managers, as folks that are managing not just individual capital, but the capital for institutions, what was also exciting about the space is that it was very inefficient and still is. And there are many parts of the ecosystem where you can apply traditional investment management strategies and risk management principles to extract alpha and returns that are above what you can find in traffic markets. And so from a hedge fund perspective, outside of the growth, there was ability to deploy capital, meaningful capital, at what were, in our view, very, very interesting opportunities.
Speaker D: Yeah. And just to add to that inefficiency angle I mentioned, our view is that the market is inefficient. It will remain inefficient. As a result, the opportunities for investment will be exciting, will be somewhat idiosyncratic from the rest of traditional markets. But I think the, you know, I came from the equities world, where your edge came from either the knowledge that you had or the amount of capital you had to trade with. So if you were very large, you could influence the market and have an effect and be profitable. Whereas in digital assets, your edge came from your experience. If you're not a practitioner in a space, if you're not actually trading the markets, if you're not actually interacting with Defi, if you're not actually rolling up your sleeves and learning how this technology works, it's very difficult to acquire in an edge. For us, having, just by virtue of having worked in this space and really developed a network and really understood how this space operates, both on a fundamental basis, but also from an investment standpoint. And we developed an edge. And as a natural evolution of that, we thought it made sense to launch a fund. And this is right at the beginning of COVID when I think bitcoin was trading right around four or $5,000, we launched our first one. So our view is that that dynamic will continue to persist. And for us, as a fund manager, that means we're in a good spot.
Speaker C: How's it playing out in terms of the thesis versus what's actually unfolding there? Obviously, we know this is a tremendously volatile asset class. How is it playing out, though, from a secular thesis perspective? Do you see the kind of developments that you thought you were going to see when you came into it? And how are they playing out a pace in terms of what the projection was based on, your expectations for the time horizons?
Speaker D: So go ahead.
Speaker E: So it's exciting when the market is just going straight up, and whatever projections 1 may have had kind of goes out the window, and you're just waiting to see that. I think, because nobody can actually predict the future. I mean, we can't, that's for sure. And number one, number two, we're not ideologues. We never tell anybody to sell everything and just buy bitcoin or crypto. And so what that forces us to do is to create different vehicles that do have different time horizons and different risk return parameters. And so we do have four vehicles, and each vehicle has a different time horizon. And the ability to have different vault profiles. And so because we can't predict the future, we do have a view that the technology will continue to experience growth and be disruptive, and that there will be inefficiencies and opportunities generate alpha. But ash, to your point, one investor may be comfortable with a 40 ball asset class, another one probably puke. And so we have to create products that would appeal to them.
Speaker C: So tell us about the strategies that you guys are running right now.
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah, sure, I can kick that off. So we're an active fund manager. We have multiple funds and each has a targeted return profile. When we launched this company, our view was there would be multiple ways to generate a return. The market was inefficient enough, it was growing fast enough. So really just pigeonholing yourself to one single return profile as a fund manager meant you'd likely be out of business within 18 months. The cadence at which this market evolves is much faster than what traditional markets. It's still a young, nascent market, but it is an order of magnitude more mature than it was when we entered a space. And our view is it'll continue maturing. So we decided to launch with a multi strategy type of approach to anything that we're doing. So our first fund is a multi strategy fund. It allowed us to build a product that would allow us to scale capital and appeal to an institutional investor. And I think that biggest hurdle for a fund manager sometimes is to scale excess capital. You may have a strategy that does really well, but the moment you start trading x amount of capital at size, your alpha goes away. And it's because the market's still somewhat very small and folks are maybe catching on to the types of strategies that you're running. So we decided to launch with the multi strategy approach that allowed us to generate returns from trend following both directionally and on a relative value basis, allows to generate returns from more fundamental, thesis driven investments in tokens, and allows us also generate returns from opportunities that are more market neutral, that are yield oriented. And we obviously launched with this multi strategy approach to scale capital. But our thinking was we could, by running multiple strategies in one fund, we would build up an expertise and a track record that would allow us to spin out other funds, assuming there was demand. And we actually did that with our yield fund, which we launched last year. This is one in which we're capturing returns that are entirely market neutral or uncorrelated to bitcoin beta, both on chain and off chain. So this could involve structured trades between spot and derivative products. This could involve more structured credit type of opportunities. And this is also where we trade some of our systematic, higher frequency type of strategies that are again, uncorrelated to bitcoin beta, but allow us to take advantage of trends that we're seeing intraday.
Speaker C: You guys are running a ton of different strategies.
Speaker D: We are, we are. And again, it comes back to what I said before. We've been doing this for a while. We're not just a tri fi transplant that is trying to do something. We've been doing this for quite some time. And even prior to, for myself personally, prior to entering the space professionally, I was trading bitcoin and crypto across different exchanges. So I'm very well versed with how these names work and where the risk of vectors lie. A lot of that is, a lot of that knowledge has been put into our funds. Just to round out on your question here, a strategy, a fund that we launched this year, which I think we're really, really bullish on, is relative value, and this is where we're trading bitcoin against.
Speaker C: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real vision crypto daily briefing, I think. Oh, TJ, you're back.
Speaker E: You're my back.
Speaker D: Okay, great.
Speaker C: You're back.
Speaker D: So with our relative value strategy, we are pairing bitcoin against ethereum, long and short. And this allows us to take advantage of the oscillating relationship that occurs between ethereum and bitcoin. Generally, the trend you're seeing, specifically with crypto traders, you'll see folks that are willing to take risk. When risk is on, you'll see ETH outperform bitcoin because folks are know taking a view that ETH is going to move at an order of magnitude larger than bitcoin and vice versa. When crypto traders are taking risk off, they'll move back into bitcoin selling ETH, and you'll see this ETH bitcoin ratio move in kind. So we take advantage of that in our relative value fund that we launched this year.
Speaker C: What's the maximum leverage that you guys have in these structured trades?
Speaker D: So the structured trades that we put under our yield fund, these are unlevered returns. I think our general view with leverage is that it is dangerous in a 90 volts asset. It is something that we had a thesis on when we launched our company. It's also something that allowed us to avoid many of the pitfalls last year. Leverage, the buildup of leverage, and the squeeze of leverage is considerably more violent. There are no margin calls in crypto. It is either a long squeeze or a short squeeze. So really, I think as a fund, as an institutional fund, relying on leverage is a bad recipe sometimes.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's why I ask. Listen, as we talk about this, there's obviously a lot of different moving parts that you guys have running under the hood. How do you think about it? Are there broad structural categories that you filed these strategies in, in your head, particularly when you explain this to new investors, what's the approach that you take?
Speaker D: Yeah, go ahead, Ed.
Speaker E: Our main fun, our absolute return fund. That's a fund where we run every one of our plays so that there is a macro component to it, which does have trend following and directional strategies that we run there. And then there's a much more. As Tejas described the fundamental, we call it our thesis driven book. And that's where we do bottoms up analysis on individual tokens, where we try to identify the equivalent of earnings power in this space, the same way that a long short equity analyst would look at single stock. And then the third bucket is a market neutrality trading strategies. And so those three, the reason why we have all three, as he just described, number one, allows us to scale our capital. But number two, the market really does evolve. If I think about our yield fund, we launched it early last year with the intent of going after the defi yield opportunity. And as soon as Luna Terra happened, the yields are basically collapsed. And so we take that multistrap framework, even to some of the yield oriented strategies within our space. That required us to figure out a different way to generate attractive, risk adjusted returns for our investors. And so what we saw was the structured credit opportunity in digital assets. And then when Voyager and Celsius and a lot of these c five lenders went down, what you saw was this huge vacuum in the lending space. And typically, when that happens, spreads blow out, which are great for allocators of capital. And so that with the overall macro environment, as we were entering a rate hiking environment, really, really helped us to kind of pivot there. But that wouldn't have been possible had we not had a view to each one of the strategies, what the puts and takes were, and to parcel out and carve out these into various buckets to provide a very specific type of exposure for investors.
Speaker C: Yeah. So tell me, what do you guys use as your benchmark? Is it unlevered bitcoin return? Is that kind of like your beta proxy?
Speaker D: Yeah, for our multistrad fund, it is the easiest, folks. Generally, we've been asked the question, have you done versus bitcoin?
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker D: So it is the easiest for our market neutral fund. We generally look at high yield, traditional high yield. So like an hyg ETF, that's been the bogey. It's a different investor base. It's a different type of. Different type of return profile we're targeting.
Speaker C: What's the historical return been like for you? And where are you year to date right now?
Speaker D: Yeah, so our multi strat fund, we're handsomely outperforming bitcoin live to date. That is the goal. It is meant for someone looking to take some directional risk, but is looking to outperform bitcoin over what we think is a full market cycle. So generally, bitcoin is having cycles for years. That's historically been a full market where you see a secular bull and a secular bear. If we can outperform bitcoin pretty meaningfully in that cycle, then I think the job is done for that fund, for our yield fund.
Speaker C: Are you able to share more specific metrics on returns?
Speaker D: Yeah. Let me pull this up very quickly. So we launched this in 2020, bitcoin. I think we launched in June of 2020. In that time period, bitcoin was up about 100, 8190 percent. We were up north of 200. Market really just went up in one direction. But we managed to capture a lot of that high beta and still managed to outperform. 21 is when we've really shown bitcoin was up about 55%. Our fund was about triple that for the year. And I think that year we managed to. We did very well trading around the China ban. I don't know if you remember in June of that year, there was a. That's when bitcoin had almost like a 40% drawdown. We did very well trading around that. Last year was a. It was. Our returns were more or less in line with bitcoin. I think. I think the focus went from trying to be too cute, trading around some of the, some of the volume, and to just preserving capital and really avoiding some of the operational pitfalls. It seemed like every other day there was another one, another broker or lending counterparty or exchange going bankrupt. So, you know, I think I. We escaped last year unscathed for that fund and having no exposure to any of these bankrupt entities.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, I suppose just getting flat to the return on bitcoin is a victory when you have, as you say, these significant operational challenges. And I should ask those are all.
Speaker D: Unlevered returns these are unlevered. We don't take leverage in that fund. And year to date, I could speak to q one. Q one. We were up north of 100% in our main fund, so it was a good start to the year. One of the thesis that we had to start the year was that there would be a considerable amount of structural selling at the end of last year. When I say structural selling, it is, it's forced selling as a result of either leverage coming off of exchanges off of FTX and binance, maybe redemptions out of some very large, well known funds that would be forced to sell and raise cash, and maybe some end of year just tax related rebalancing activity. But that we would see, we would then see our viewers, we would see a sharp, mean reversion, and we positioned according to court in way at the start of the year and managed to capture the majority of that return. Thank you, one.
Speaker C: Yeah, very interesting. Let's jump in. I've got some questions coming in from our real vision viewers and listeners, and they are interesting ones that I wanted to ask you, Paul, from the real vision website, with a question of the hour. Why will Blackrock prevail when Van Eck, another major, has failed? Great, great question. We were talking about this a little bit off camera.
Speaker D: So my view is Blackrock is not Vanek or any of these other issuers, without sounding too conspiracy theorist, Blackrock. They are large. They are very large. They have influence. Their influence, I think, goes beyond what their asset base is. So this, I think they're. I think this is a conversation that's been having for several months, if not for all of last year, on how to launch a spot ETF. I don't. My view is they wouldn't. Blackrock is so large and just so broad, they wouldn't launch a spot ETF if they didn't have a view that they could get this across and also, and also garner assets.
Speaker E: Yeah. The other point is, I mean, if you just think about the game theory behind it, right now is probably the worst time to be following this application. There's a ton of reg risk. There's lawsuits going back and forth between some of the largest crypto players and the us government. And so if there was a bunch of regulatory heat, and the view was that there's no way that this would ever gain approval, the prudent issuer would wait. But that's clearly not the case. And so the fact that they went forward with issuing this and are moving forward this anyways, gives us some confidence that they do know something that they do have an inside track on getting silverwind.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's interesting. There's a lot of speculation about the game theory around this right now, as you suggested. But you mentioned, I think it was at the top of the show where you talked about that $35 trillion total addressable market number. To put that in perspective, bitcoin right now, it's a 70,000 to one. You think about the scale of that market relative to where digital assets are obviously incredibly, incredibly small. $500 billion versus 35 trillion.
Speaker E: Yeah. I mean, if you think about just even 1%, one to 2% of that, of those assets coming into this space via this wrapper on traditional rails, that's half a billion to $700 billion of incremental purchasing. And so I know Bitcoin's market cap is a little over half a billion today. It's not just a doubling of the market cap, but that capital will have to go out and chase and purchase bitcoin out in the spot market going into having schedule where the supply will actually be cut in half. And so we're pretty excited about it. If I think about how I think traditional investors think about gold as a potential hedge against monetary debasement, and obviously with what's going on in the macro environment, that's top of mind for a lot of investors to accept that bitcoin possibly ETH can get some of that mind share and 1% of retirement assets get allocated to it. You can just think about the potential price action there. Yeah.
Speaker C: TJ, anything to add to that?
Speaker D: No. I mean, I think if you're an RIA or if you're a financial advisor and you're looking to put your clients into bitcoin exposure, seeing a BlackRock ETF versus another issuer ETF, it is a no brainer of what you choose. So, like, BlackRock has the pricing, it has the name brand. In our minds, it has the pricing power to probably undercut all of its peers and really garner assets. It has a distribution, the network of advisors, that will again drive capital into the product. It is Blackrock again. They are large. They're not going to unless it is something that will actually impact our bottom line. I don't think they would actually move forward with a spot ETF.
Speaker C: Yeah. Even if it's double digit basis points that that market eventually looks like against a base of 35 trillion, it's just enormous.
Speaker E: Oh, yeah. Yeah. Ash, it looks like BTC's crossed 30k. So hopefully this podcast has played some role in.
Speaker C: You attribute way too much power. To me. It is fun to actually watch the numbers live as we do the show. Here's a question from Nanaimo Trader on the real vision website. Are you seeing institutional buyers coming into the crypto market now or the last few months, or do they tend to be waiting for more clear regulation and SEC approval? This is exactly what you were talking about in terms of the question about regulatory headwinds.
Speaker E: Yeah, we did see over the last three years, some pension funds go direct and purchase bitcoin, as most folks know, that are probably listening. That's a pretty cumbersome process to the extent you want to custody the assets properly. And so our conversations with institutions, it's clear that they are looking at the space, they're looking for the right wrapper to gain exposure. And so as exciting as a Blackrock announcement is, I don't think the largest allocators of capital are going to just buy a bunch of bitcoin ETF's just given the volatility profile. And so it piggybacks on the second part of your question. Yes, they are interested. They are looking at the sector, they're looking for the right vehicle or product or fund managers to gain that exposure. But top of mind for them is irregulars. It's totally clear to us that there's headline risk with having exposure to sector. And again, I think with the Blackrock willing to put its neck out on the line and to push this forward, I think we'll hopefully start alleviating some of those concerns and help us move beyond just direct risk and going back to focusing on what really matters, the investment strategies and how managers think about managing risk.
Speaker C: We were bantering about this a little bit off camera where we were talking about the different markets that they're approaching very clearly. It seems to me at least, that it's a different market for folks who want to custody their own assets versus to just have passive ETF exposure to the asset class. It seems to me to be a very different customer, very different model.
Speaker E: Yeah, I mean, if somebody wanted to custody their own assets, digital assets within the existing retirement wrappers, you'd have to have checkbook control. And it's very cumbersome and at times administratively burdensome and expensive process. I think this opens up the door for retirement accounts, gain exposure to the space. But for investors that are looking to scale up meaningful capital, not one to 2%, but a meaningful allocation of their constituents, stakeholders assets, they're always going to continue to look for risk management strategies. And that's our view. And I think there's always going to be a market for active strategies. It's not surprising that following this filing, everybody else whose applications were rejected over the last 18 to 24 months are resubmitting applications. And the same way that we've seen fee compression in the traffic by equities market. If I look at the Vanguard S and P 500 ETF, either the fees, they may have started high double digit basis points, 70 80 basis points, but they're like five basis points. And so to the extent that it's a commodity product, we do feel there may be the blackrocks of the world that will be able to maintain some pricing pressure, but it's going to be a race to zero in terms of fees and hopefully the enhanced liquidity, the clearing of the reg risk will allow more capital to flow into active strategies like the ones that we manage.
Speaker C: I think right now, the expense ratio priced at about three basis points right now for s and P tracking.
Speaker E: Wow.
Speaker D: On the ETF, I mean, here's one thing that isn't really covered as much. I mean, this is a real alternative for, I'd say non maxi bitcoin whales or large holders of bitcoin, or large future holders of bitcoin that care about simplicity of taxes, care about consolidating assets across their brokerage accounts, and care about ease of tax planning, which is still, if you're holding a large amount of bitcoin yourself, it is a more involved process. Guys, I got to.
Speaker C: Unfortunately, I'd love to have this conversation go on for the next 2 hours. Simple solution. We're just going to have to come have you back on the show to do this again and continue it, because there's obviously a lot more to say. Ed, TJ, final thoughts? Key takeaways. If you could leave us with 30 seconds to think about.
Speaker E: I think we've hit bottom. I think FTX marked the bottom for this cycle. The deleveraging has worked its way through the system and I think twelve to 18 months from now, post having, folks are going to look back and wonder why they waited so long to put the exposure back on to the extent that folks exit the system. But we're excited and we do think it's always in the deepest and the darkest of the bear market that you do see spring and the seeds for the next phase of growth begin.
Speaker D: Yeah, we're entering the FOMO phase, where the opportunity cost of sitting out and waiting will be much larger than actually being involved. And that's actually when you see the exponential growth over the next 18 to 24 months.
Speaker C: Guys, really a pleasure. Let's do this again soon.
Speaker E: Thanks, Ash.
Speaker D: Of course. Thanks, Ash.
Speaker C: That's it for today. Make sure to check out our website. You can go to real vision.com crypto. That's real vision.com forward slash crypto. It's free, of course, to sign up for crypto content. Tomorrow. We're going to have the one and only Raoul pal, CEO and co founder of Real Vision, join us here live for an AMA. You will note, I want to miss that. Thanks again for watching. See you at 09:00 a.m. pacific, noon eastern time, 05:00 p.m. london. Thanks for watching, everybody. Have a great afternoon. What's up, revolutionaries? Thanks for tuning in. For more content like this, head over to realvision.com and get unfiltered access to the very best, brightest and biggest names in finance.
