Speaker A: Hello everyone, and welcome back to the real vision crypto daily briefing. Here is why you should tune into today's show. Visa signals long term bullishness on Ethereum. We'll discuss why Starknet could be the key to making auto payments possible with starkware co founder Eli Ben Sassen. He will join us live shortly. There are also fresh concerns about binance and DCG, but good news for some blockfi users. We'll bring you the latest details on that. And finally, we will hear from Wendy O on self sovereignty through bitcoin and the importance of NFts for artists. I'm Jeremy Varlo. Ash Bennington is with me. A jam packed show today. Ash, how you doing?
Speaker B: Oh, I'm doing great. It's great to be back with you. Newsflow coming in fast and thick.
Speaker A: It certainly is. And I know that you're supposed to be on vacation. We put that bat signal up in the air for you last night and you jumped on with us today. We've got a great interview with Ellie very shortly before we begin. If you're still wondering, like myself, what to buy that special someone for Christmas, why not consider a real vision subscription? You can do it by heading over to realvision.com gift guide. With that said, let's jump into the latest price action. Bitcoin is trading higher on the day. It's recovering after falling as low as $16,400. It remains stuck below $17,000, though. Ash, what's it like on the Ethereum side?
Speaker B: Jeremy ETH is up some 2% on a 24 hours basis. ETH managed to climb above $1,200, but ETH remains down heavily on a trailing seven day basis.
Speaker A: Jeremy thank you for that. Ash. Let's jump into our top story of the day. We want to bring Ellie in here very shortly. We may be in a crypto winter, but many institutions remain optimistic on the long term potential of the blockchain. One of them, of course, is visa, which has been exploring how to make on chain recurring payments possible for self custody wallets. Ash there was a paper released by Visa yesterday. It appeared to be quite bullish on Ethereum. What did it say exactly?
Speaker B: Well, the paper, which came from Visa's crypto thought leadership last night outlined how the firm could collaborate with the Ethereum network. The aim is to enable automatic payments from self custody wallets. It's a common feature in mobile banking, but one that is not currently possible on the Ethereum mainnet. One of the obstacles is the number of transactions that Ethereum can process. However, a proposal called account abstraction, could change that. It would allow Ethereum users to account user accounts to function essentially like smart contracts, Jeremy, if that makes sense, and feature prescheduled execution functions so that you could obviously schedule bill pays and other types of transactions. Visa says that Starknet, a layer two blockchain built on top of Ethereum, may help bridge the gap in Ethereum functionality. And with that said, we are very fortunate to have with us Ellie Ben Sassen, Starquare co founder and president, with us today. Welcome back to real vision. Ellie.
Speaker C: Thanks, Ash. Thanks, Jeremy. Always a pleasure to be here.
Speaker B: And yeah, so, Eli, tell us about the news.
Speaker C: So first of all, the first thing to say is that the news caught us, like everyone else, a little bit by surprise. A very pleasant surprise coming with the holidays, because we didn't know that they're working on this or using the account abstraction that we have for Starknet. So that's, you know, we were pleasantly surprised. But that's part of building a permissionless layer two. It allows everyone and anyone to do what they want. And so we didn't know of this and we're very happy. And then what happened is that they used the account abstraction that is now functional on Starknet because it's a really darn good suggestion. This is a suggestion made by Vitalik Buterin, a few others, I want to give them credit by name because they did a really great job. So this was a suggestion by Vitalik Buterin, Johan, Vice, Christoph Gazzo, Namra Patel, Dro Tirosha Hafnas and Tiadin Hesse, which basically really gives a very beautiful way of separating the need to take your cumbersome 24 secret keyword kind of thing and use it on each and every transaction and just making signing on transactions a process that could be fully automated and then streamlined with other things like auto payments.
Speaker B: Elliot, it's really fascinating, I think, for people who come to us from the tradfi space to hear that you guys just found out about it as well. But as you say, this is the beauty of permissionless networks. You guys build an abstraction layer on top of Ethereum. Talk a little bit about that, just to bring people up to speed on what exactly the scaling challenges were that you faced on Ethereum. Before we get into a little bit more about this visa news, Ethereum has.
Speaker C: Amazing security because it is based on the premise that everyone verifies everything. It's very inclusive, which is really great. It's much, much better than the traditional world where you have to rely on various central parties that can censor and arbitrarily block you. So it's really a great model, but it means if you want everyone to use their laptop in order to verify that everything's okay, you limit scale. So basically, what Starknet is and what all of starcourse technology is about is about drastically and exponentially increasing the scale of Ethereum without relinquishing or decreasing the beautiful assumptions of inclusivity and permissionlessness. So that's the grand challenge that we took on ourselves, you know, four years ago when we founded the company, and we've been very successful at going at this challenge. Starknet takes this scalability ability and now makes it permissionless and usable by everyone, even a small company like visa.
Speaker B: Well, listen, Elliot, I know that you weren't involved in the development of the visa aspect of this, but I know you read all the press releases on it. Give us a little bit of context on precisely how starkware is facilitating this solution. I think a lot of people may think, well, you know, scheduled transactions. This is simple. This is something I've been doing for a decade on my computer. Talk a little bit about what some of the challenges specifically for recurring payments and prescheduled execution would be on a blockchain. And then, of course, how the starkware software, as an intermediary layer, as a layer two between Ethereum and the visa network, interacts.
Speaker C: So this is how I'd explain it to my mom. On ethereum, you control your funds, and the way you control your funds, you have this very safe, you know, huge key. Like they have the movies from the, from the, you know, medieval times. Like it's very big, it's very cumbersome. You tie it on a chain to your neck and you walk with it. And every time you want to make a payment, you need to put this particular kind of key in and, you know, turn it. So it's very cumbersome now with account abstraction. You say, well, you know, we're in the 21st century. You could write any program that you want and say, this program will be in charge of, you know, my funds. And once you allow that, you can have auto payments, you can have social recovery. You don't need to carry this key on your chain. You can do any kind of functionality that you want, and you can support existing trendfi infrastructure such as visa.
Speaker B: Let me ask you this, Eli, to get back to this metaphor here of the big keychain versus the small keychain. Can you then set limits? For example, you may want to say, look, I'm comfortable with Bill pay up to $500. But, you know, maybe that's an account that you have 50,000 or 100,000 in, ethan, and you want to partition it so that you can only allow those small transactions. Is that something that the network facilitates?
Speaker C: Yes, precisely. Because, again, in the medieval key, you have one key to your big safe, and all your funds are there, and you need to go in and take out whatever $500 and give it to, say, mister Bill Gates. But in the modern version of the system, with this account abstraction, which is part of just the basic layer of Starknet, you could write a program that says no matter how many funds, how much funds I have in my account, if the name is Bill Gates or if it's anyone you know, no more than $500 can leave this account in a day. And this computer program will be enforced by the Ethereum network and by Starknet, so no one can deviate from it. So that's the difference between having one cumbersome key and the ability to craft any program in any policy on your funds.
Speaker B: So essentially it becomes programmable. You could say, for example, the limit is $500. These are the whitelisted payees. These are the blacklisted payees. And by the way, you can't make any transactions between Friday at 04:00 p.m. and Monday morning at 09:00 a.m. for example.
Speaker C: Precisely. Your kids could have an allowance once per week. They can go, but if it's the holiday season, maybe they get twice that. You can allow periodic payments from payment processors such as visa. You could have social recovery. You could have, God forbid, if you need to talk about estate and gifts and things like that, you could have automatic transferability in case someone transpires and things like that.
Speaker B: Oh, let's talk about some of the risks, specifically from a security perspective. Where are those security protocols enforced and what are the potential downsides, risks and problems that might occur?
Speaker C: So, in the old key model, right, it's a very simple mechanism, and it's very, very. It's been used for a while, but the downside is, if you lose these 24 words, if you lose this key, all of your funds are gone. Now, in the new regime, first of all, whenever you write new code, you have to worry whether it is safe. You know, it needs to be, be audited, written properly, so that there's the whole question of bugs and safety in that world. That's certainly going to be initially for a while. Hopefully, teams like Visa, with their immense brain power and credibility, can help standardize the kind of safe payments for things like auto payments and so on. So they're going to be basically risk models in the end, you're giving allowance to something, right? Either a secret number in the old model or to some program. And in both cases, if there's a bug or a glitch or the numbers get lost or something, then bad stuff can happen. So account abstraction does not resolve all problems in the world, but it gives you a lot more flexibility to deal with the dangers and have different security profiles.
Speaker B: Talk a little bit about how you conduct this under an open source model, what the testing looks like. Do you do bug bounties? Give us a little bit of a sense, because obviously we've seen in this space, as we come to the end here of 2022, there have been some very, let's just say, prominent failures in the space that resulted in folks losing a great deal of funds. Give us a little sense of how you think about that framework from a process perspective. Ali.
Speaker C: So there's no better disinfectant than the light of daylight. I think Judge Lewis Brandeis said it a while ago, he didn't think about blockchain code, but it certainly applies there as well. So all of the source is available. It's modifiable. The protocols for this are in. The code is open source and can be used. It's being audited by more than one firm. And basically that's the best we can do. I must say that most of the catastrophic failures that we are all aware of happened without any sunlight, you know, shining in on them and not on these public protocols. It was all about misappropriation of funds done without trust.
Speaker B: Hey Ellie, one final question for you. Something we were talking about off camera here, the distinction between Starkware and Starknet.
Speaker C: So Starkware is a company. Starkware is a company that is spinned up Starknet. But Starkware is making Starknet basically a permissionless open public good. In particular, there's actually a Starknet foundation. And so Stark will basically take two steps back and be part of hopefully a very big ecosystem of developers. I hope Visa is going to be one of the participants in this ecosystem that maintains and advances Starknet as a public good for all, just like ethereum.
Speaker B: Hey Ellie, always a pleasure to have you on the show and thanks for coming on at such short notice with this news.
Speaker C: Thanks, Ash. Thanks, Jeremy.
Speaker B: Hey everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back. Jeremy, I understand we have some additional news flow on Binance.
Speaker A: We certainly do. Ash it is no surprise that Binance remains in the spotlight. We have a couple of new angles to bring to your attention today. First, bankrupt crypto lender Voyager Digital says it has agreed to sell its assets to finance us for $1 billion. Ash give me some context here.
Speaker B: Yes, so Voyager Digital was one of several high profile crypto blow ups this year. Obviously, it filed for bankruptcy back in July of 2022. Binance took part in an auction for Voyagers assets, but it was FTX actually that won back in September. Obviously that was canceled after the FTX bankruptcy in November. Now, it seems that Binance will end up being the winner after all. It's worth emphasizing that this is the us entity of finance that's buying Voyager, California based Binance US, which operates as an independent legal entity and has a licensing agreement with Binance. Reuters reports that most of the $1 billion valuation consists of debt Voyager owes to its clients. Jeremy wow.
Speaker A: Speaking of Reuters, they have another Binance related story. It published a special report about the exchange's finances. Ash what do we learn from that report?
Speaker B: Jeremy it's fair to say that the report is highly critical of finance, to put it mildly. The journalists tried to dig in deep into the finances of the crypto exchange, Binance.com dot. That's finance's core business, which has proceeded, which has processed $22 trillion in trades this year. Obviously, that's an enormous number, but the news outlet says Binance's books are, quote, a black box. Let me read this quote from the article. Quote of Binance declines to say where Binance.com is based. It doesn't disclose basic financial information such as revenue, profit, and cash reserves. The quote continues, the company has its own crypto coin, but doesn't reveal what role it plays on its balance sheet. It lends customer money against their crypto assets and lets them trade on margin with borrowed funds. But it doesn't detail how big those bets are, how exposed Binance is to the risk or the full extent of its reserves to finance withdrawals. Close quote Reuter also says Binance actively avoids oversight and that the information it is revealed so far remains scanned. The news outlet also mentions ongoing US Department of Justice investigation into Binance, plus the fact that an auditing team, an auditing firm implied by Binance this is mazers to perform. Proof of reserve report has halted all crypto related work and has dropped all of their crypto clients, obviously including Binance. Binance has challenged Reuters accusations using very strong language. Finance chief strategy officer Patrick Hillman told Reuters its analysis was, quote, categorically false. Close quote. He said all user funds are fully backed into. The company is financially secure. So obviously this is a, this is a big story coming out of Reuters and it's a significant one in terms of the level of accusations or claims being made. And obviously the counterclaim, uh, from Binance saying essentially that the Reuters report is effectively wrong, I guess it's fair to say so. There's a lot there, Jeremy, and a lot to process, obviously.
Speaker A: Yeah, certainly some strong words from Reuters there. We'll continue to cover all the latest developments on finance here on the real vision. Crypto daily briefing, another story that we're covering today. We spoke about Voyager, obviously, but there's also news about its former competitor, Blockfi. Just like Voyager, BlockFi also filed for bankruptcy. Now the company wants to allow some users to withdraw funds. Ash, who's, who's looking like they could be getting their money back here?
Speaker B: Yeah. So BlockFi stopped customer withdrawals on November 10. A few weeks later, shortly after FTX collapse, Blockfly filed for chapter eleven bankruptcy protection. In a new US court filing, the company said it wants to allow users who had funds in blockfi wallets specifically to be able to withdraw their funds. Quote, it is our belief that clients unambiguously own their digital assets in their blockfi wallet accounts. Close quote. The company says it's seeking similar relief from the Supreme Court of Bermuda. So obviously this is a multi jurisdictional issue which complicates things. That approval would apply to users funds in blockfi wallets held at Blockfi International. Here's the important proviso, and this is the important thing for users who have accounts held on Blockfi to understand. The motion does not impact withdrawals or transfers from BlockFi interest accounts, which remain suspended. That distinction between BlockFi wallets and BlockFi interest accounts is the crucial distinction here, Jeremy, in terms of users who are listening to this news and trying to understand whether or not it applies to them.
Speaker A: Thank you for that, Ash. The final story we want to look at today, an important but less visible part of the crypto market. We know crypto lender Genesis Capital is in a difficult financial position situation. The company halted redemptions. Genesis is owned by crypto conglomerate DCG, the digital currency group. Now, according to sources speaking to the Financial Times, a Genesis bankruptcy would leave DCG with a costly loan repayment. DCG would have to immediately make a $350 million payout to financier Todd Bailey. The Financial Times says the loan ranks higher than other debt and would have to be repaid in the first instance, Ash, Contagion seems to run far and deep. You've been following the story extremely closely from the start. What do you make of it?
Speaker B: Well, you know, at very least, it's fair to say contagion risk runs very deep. Obviously, we're talking about Binance, we're talking about DCG. It's important to note that these funds are currently still solvent. They are not bankrupt. And there's no reason to believe at this point that that's something that's imminent. But it is important for us to watch these stories to understand where the contagion risk may occur next. And sort of, that's always the balancing act that you have when reporting on these stories, is trying to figure out how to talk about this in the most neutral possible language. Obviously, this report coming out of the FT, this broke early morning hours us time, is the new bit of news here. Obviously, that's a pretty significant payout. This $350 million payout, according to the FT, owed to Todd Bailey as a higher ranking loan. But I really wanted to give a little bit more context here and to break down what's happening at DCG, grayscale, Genesis at a bit more granular level. Obviously, DCG is the holding company. There are a series of portfolio companies or operating companies underneath that. One of them, of course, is coindesk, which many of our viewers know. And of course, the grayscale, which owns Grayscale Investments, I should say, which owns GBTC, the Grayscale Bitcount Coin Trust, and also genesis, which is what we're talking about here in this story. But all of these things are interlinked and it's understanding those interlinkages that's really so critical. I want to start here by talking about the end of year investor letter from Greyscale CEO Michael Sonnenschein, which came out yesterday. Let's start, if we can bring up the chart of the GBTC discount. This is obviously a significant story. This number has come in a little bit. I don't know if we're able to show that chart in the screen, but it's trading now at about a 46% discount. I think it had been down as low as, as 48 yesterday or the day before. So a significant discount at its low, trading at nearly $0.50 on the dollar. You know, basically this investor lever, that bitcoin trust chart, the GBTC chart, just gives you a sense of what the market reaction is to some of this news flow. And we're talking about that news flow right now. And do a little bit of a deep dive here, because I think it's really important for folks to understand what this is all about. So basically, the investor letter spells out a plan a and a plan b, at least as I see it. Obviously, I'm not a lawyer, this is just my interpretation of reading the letter. But I wanted to give you some, some of the actual quotes from this so you can understand what's happening here behind the scenes at Grayscale, which is also part of DCG. The letter says, quote, we remain steadfast in our belief that the conversion of GBTC to an ETF is in the best interest of investors, and we remain 100% committed to that endeavor. This is, and always has been the business priority of the grayscale team. So what they're saying here, essentially is they really want to be able to trade this GBTC to transition it from a closed end fund into an ETF. That's their first, that's their, that's their primary commitment, as they describe here in this letter. So it then goes on to give more detail about what's happening in terms of the process for this. This is Grayscale's initial filing. Quote, our lawsuit against the SEC is progressing. We filed our opening brief on October 11, 2022. So this is the initial brief in their filing against SEC to convert this fund, this closed end fund, into an ETF. It then goes on to explain what happens next. Quote, the SEC recently submitted its reply and we are currently drafting our response to the SEC, which is due January 13, 2023. So obviously in a few weeks, with final written briefs due on February 3, 2023. Shortly thereafter, a three judge panel will be selected to hear oral arguments and rule on the case. So that's the timetable. The expectation for some resolution on this is coming in February. Mister Sondshein then goes on to say, we remain confident that the DC Court of Appeals, that's where this is being heard, will agree with our strong common sense and compelling legal arguments. But we also appreciate investors interest in what happens to GBTC if the courts do not rule in our favor. If we were not successful in our legal challenge in all applicable courts, and we conclude there is no possibility of legislative or regulatory clarity that would allow for the conversion of GBTC to an ETF within a reasonable timeframe, we would explore other options to return a portion of GBTC's capital to the shareholders, end quote. Okay, here's where it gets interesting. The letter then picks up on the other options that they describe above that grayscale might explore, quote, these options would include a tender offer for a portion of the outstanding shares of GBTC. We currently expect that such a tender offer would be for no more than 20% of the outstanding shares of GBTC. To facilitate this, we would be required to obtain two separate approvals. And here's the meat of it. It goes on to detail what those two separate approvals would be. Quote one, the relief from SEC from certain requirements applicable under to tender offers in order to ensure that the tender offer is fair to all investors. And this is really the striking part of this letter. The SEC may not provide this relief, in which case GBTC would not be able to pursue such a tender offer. And then quote two here is the second. The second component of this is furthermore, because GBTC trust agreement does not currently permit redemptions or purchases of shares by GBTC, GBTC's ability to conduct such a tender offer would also be subject to receipt of shareholder approver for an amendment to GBTC's trust agreement. Okay, here's what's interesting to me about this, Jeremy. You basically have a plan a and a plan b. And what's interesting about those is that under the current law, under the current regulation, under the current sort of supervisory framework, neither option a nor option b is currently allowed. Specifically, you need a three court appellate judge panel down in Washington, DC to agree to transition this from a closed end fund to an open end fund, if that is the, it seems to be, based on the way this letter is written, the primary goal of the folks over at Grayscale. So you need a judge, or three judges rather, to find in your favor to do that. The second option requires this, this rulemaking variance from SEC, who they're currently suing in this other unrelated action. So, you know, obviously this, this is, is suggestive of this idea that you have to get a regulatory forbearance or rule change from SEC or you need a panel to rule in your favor. What's interesting is plan circumflex. There is no plan c listed in this newsletter. Now, look, it's important to state, obviously, we don't have anyone here from Greyscale, and I'm sure they, they would probably have some color and some context to add around this. But based on this letter, no plan C is stated. There may certainly be a plan c that we're not aware of that the folks of grayscale are thinking about. But, you know, right now, that's, that's the challenge, at least. At least as I read it. I would further add that there was some additional reporting several weeks ago from the Financial Times, particularly in reference to this new story with Mister Bailey and the priority on the Genesis loan. That suggests from the FT reporting that there essentially are these sort of interlinkages between these portfolio companies and the holding company DCG and within the portfolio companies, potentially just based on the Financial Times reporting. Again, sourcing that to the Financial Times. But there obviously are a lot of questions out there and we're going to have to see what happens next. But this is definitely an interesting story to watch. It's one of the stories that I'm watching I think most closely right now because I think it is an important one. Exactly as you suggested, Jeremy, around this idea of contagion risk.
Speaker A: Yeah, certainly, Ash, thank you for unpacking that for us and giving us your insight. Also, if you're interested in learning more about bitcoin ETF's, we had a great interview with Leo Wald of Valkyrie Investments yesterday on the real vision crypto daily briefing. So please head over there and check that out. Hey everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real vision crypto daily briefing. We have one more little treat for you today, a little stalking stuffer, so to speak. A few days ago, we spoke with a popular crypto youtuber, Wendy oh, the host of the o show. She shared her thoughts about the power of self sovereignty through bitcoin and why NFTs offer a critical lifeline to musicians. Take a listen.
Speaker D: Okay, guys, so I'm wendy o or crypto indio, and I'm just a mom who likes to talk about cryptocurrency, nfTs, bitcoin, self sovereignty, liberty and critical thinking. It's important to me. So there's, there's like subsets of crypto. So we have bitcoin, we have altcoins, and we have nfts. And not every single cryptocurrency is created equal. So there are some bad projects out there that aren't the best. But I do think that bitcoin in general does have the tools to help people become self sovereign. And I think it's important to kind of start at bitcoin's white paper. Read it, understand what that means. If you're a little bit younger than I am and you don't know what happened in 2008, when we talk about the financial crash, people lost their homes, they lost their livelihoods. And that's why bitcoin was created. It was created for the people, by the people, to help people improve their quality of life. Crypto, bitcoin, and nfTs, they allow for self sovereignty. They allow for ownership. You get to actually own your intangible assets, or some of those even could directly relate to tangible assets. But it allows the average person to kind of get away from these societal norms that we're so used to that aren't necessarily good. So decentralization is a very hard topic to discuss, because when you're talking about operating in a true decentralized economy, that basically means that I get to do what I want, you get to do what you want. And if we don't like what each other's doing, we could voice our opinions. But I don't get to stop you doing what you're doing. I don't get to stop you transacting with somebody. You don't get to stop stop me from transacting, and you don't get to stop when I'm sending money to somebody or doing something. That's what that means. And I'm a big proponent of live free, harm none. And basically, I think that people should be able to operate the way that they want to operate, just as long as they're not inflicting any type of harm or damage or anything that's unsafe to another person. And I think that bitcoin and crypto nfts do facilitate that. But at the same time, it's very hard to operate in a true decentralized economy because humans have these things called emotions, and we look to those sometimes to give us bias when it comes to operating in a true decentralized economy. But being self sovereign is just being able to have complete control of your money and do whatever it is you want with it. I am going to be very positive with the outlook for the future, but I also will ask for a call to action. And that's basically, if you're listening to this, if you're watching this, make sure to write to the Senate, write to Congress, write to your public servants, write to the SEC, write to the CFTC. Don't be silly. Don't be complacent. Like, go, you know, reach out to your local city council and say, hey, we like crypto. This is why we like it. These are the problems that it could fix, because crypto fixes a lot of problems. It's not perfect, but it can improve a lot of different things. We're talking about transparency, we're talking about payments. We're talking about settlements, ownership, those types of things. And I think it's important that we all make our voices heard and we help push a positive narrative for crypto and say, hey, not everybody in crypto is bad. This is how it's helped me, etcetera. So going forward, hopefully we can work towards that. But I do anticipate quarter one of 2023 being immensely rough when it comes to laws and regulations. Well, self sovereignty is one of them. Another one is transparency. When it comes to public servants and the spending and the taxes, I would love to know where every single cent of my taxpayer dollars go. Every single cent. I'm born and raised. La County. La county brings in a lot of money and tax revenue. There is no reason why any public school should be a three out of ten. There is no reason why we should have bad schools and bad neighborhoods. If anything, we should be taking taxpayer dollars and having ten out of ten schools and having programs, having childcare, all these different programs to actually help people thrive, create more community centers to help our kids thrive and do better. And again, it still does take responsibility and action from the other party. But if you have these facilities there and available, things will positively change. But I want to be able to see where my money is going. I don't want to pay $3 million for a pothole to be fixed when it would only cost a million dollars from a local contractor. I'm being dead serious. Like, my daughter's father is an electrical contractor. He cannot get jobs from the city of La county. In La county, the government jobs because they only hire select few contractors. He's a small business. He kept like 25 people employed during COVID and that was 25 families that were able to eat when things were really, really rough. So the fact that his company can't even be considered to get these bids because he doesn't have those connections is problematic. And I want to know who's getting those bids and why they're getting these bids and how much we're paying. Because at the end of the day, if we can save money on getting a same service, number one, we want to support small businesses, and number two, we want to be able to figure out where this money is going and maybe allocate it to other places that could help our children and help, you know, some of the underserved areas. So when we're talking about using bitcoin well, and most altcoins, unless you're using a privacy coin, basically a ledger is something that's public, it's open, you can view it. You either need a contract address or a transaction or transaction address or somebody's wallet address, and you could basically track to see where the money is going, which is absolutely fantastic. So the reason why we want to see this is we want to be able to track and see who's sending who money, where it's going and what it's being spent on. And I think that cryptocurrency is a really great tool for that. When we talk about NFTs, a lot of public records could be used as NFTs for ownership to prove so and so bought this house or this property or had this repair done. There's a lot of different use cases and also, too, for charities. I helped raise close to $50,000 for a local nonprofit in La county. And, you know, you're able to see where the money's going that way, or, you know, who's accepting, et cetera. And I would love to see a lot of these big organizations, these big, big, big charities that get so much money, be more transparent where that money's actually going, how much is going to their administrative efforts, and how many is going to the actual charity. I love NFts because I love music men. I have a lot of friends that were musicians. It's true. I do. I love them very much. But I have a lot of friends in the industry. I've seen these guys pour their heart and souls into creating things, and they just got terrible behavior from the music industry and from the record labels. People don't understand how much goes into that. They don't understand that when you watch a movie, that the movie rights are sold on the back end and etcetera, and that NFTs grant ownership to your art, to your things. I'm not talking about the 10,000 generative pieces. I'm not talking about those. I'm talking about the people that are out there creating. My papa, he was a jazz drummer. My great or my aunt, she was a guitar player and artist. And just, it's just if they would have had that technology back then, things could have been different. And a couple of my friends that did really, really well in the nineties, really, they had massive followings, even some on the early MySpace days. If they would have had the NFT technology, they would, there would have been no need for the record labels any way, shape or form. Because what the NFTs do, if you're what the NFTs do, they give you ownership and then you can sell them. You can do all these really great things and still maintain your masters and your licensing, your merchandising, all your rights and just sell it how you please. Yeah. So, for example, let's say you're somebody who has a really expensive baseball card. You could actually authentic, have that authenticated, and you can have an NFT that matches ads. Great for collectibles, it's great for records, it's great for real estate, it's great for concert tickets showing that you attended somewhere, that you went somewhere. Let's. There's a big problem with. With truant. Tardy. Not tardiness. What is it called when you. When you miss school?
Speaker B: Truancy.
Speaker D: Truancy. I thought that's what it was. Sorry, I apologize. A little bit sick. So there's a big problem with that. And the way a lot of the public schools get funded is you have x amount of students that show up. And we found out in La county that a lot of the schools are fudging their numbers. So if you have an NFT that shows that this kid checked in for school, then you could say, hey, I deserve to get my funding. Let's do this. Or let's say, for example, you're a community center. You're like, hey, I need funding. And I've got 300 kids that come every day at 04:00 and you can say, I have proof here it's real, because they would actually have to physically come in, scan their NFT, or whatever that is. But there's different use cases. And if we're talking about places, for example, my dad's family, his father, they were romanian Jews. They came to the United States to escape what was happening back around 1910 to 1930s. All of my family records in Romania are completely destroyed. They're gone. NFTs are a great way to store records so that you can still have history that, you know, this person did X, Y, and Z, or whatever. So those are just some of the use cases. There is a lot more. We're still very early with NFTs, but I think that they do have the opportunity to really change, change the world. The key takeaway here is that you are all very intelligent and capable to thrive in crypto or any industry. And I wish that you would all take ten minutes every single day to continue to educate yourself, whether it's in technical analysis, whether it's in understanding how blockchain works, whether it's learning to code, whether it's learning to trade, whatever that is. But take ten minutes out of your day and continue to educate yourself and expand your mind. Don't make rash decisions. Don't just think that crypto is a get rich scheme because it's not. Don't think crypto is a scam, because it's not. Hear what I say, but listen to yourself. Always seek for the search the truth. Search for the truth and look at different media outlets, look at different sources, and sometimes consult your enemy to get a different perspective on something. And don't ever judge a book by its cover.
Speaker A: That was awesome. Thank you very much to Wendy O for joining us and answering some questions. Some great insight there from her. Also, Elie Ben Sassen from Starkware. A great conversation today with Ash. We're coming to the end of the show, but as always, we have some key takeaways for you. I'll start with mine. In spite of all the turmoil surrounding the crypto ecosystem of late, major institutions and companies continue to adopt blockchain technology. With visa continuing their foray into the space, the company exploring how to make a on chain recurring payments possible for self custody wallets using Ethereum. Layer two network starknet. Very exciting development for broader adoption. And one that Ellie mentioned came as a complete surprise to the Starkware team, which is obviously a resounding endorsement for permissionless protocols and technology. My second takeaway of the day obviously surrounds Binance, who continue to find themselves in the news for a couple of reasons, first with crypto lender Voyager, but also they remain in the crosshairs with a report from Reuters in which Reuters continues to raise questions about the finances of the companies. Reuters reporters commenting that Binance's books continue to be a, quote, black box and that the company doesn't disclose basic financial information such as revenue, profit and cash reserves. Those are my key takeaways. Any final thoughts from your end, Ash?
Speaker B: Yeah, I've only got one sort of big takeaway here, which is about what we're focusing on, what I'm focusing on on this story right now. Look, there can be a lot of stories out there about whether Sam Bankman Fried is getting vegetarian or vegan meals in prison, the extradition fight, which of his lawyers agree and disagree, the legal, you know, intra legal team battles. I think the most interesting thing and the most important thing to be focusing on in this space is what happens next. Is there another shoe to drop? And if so, which obviously we're going to be watching binance and DCG very closely. But I have to say, just in the interest of fairness, there's no indication that there's an imminent failure on behalf of either of those two companies. That's going to happen today, tomorrow, the next day. So we have to be fair we have to be balanced about the way that we report this. Obviously, there's some concerning signals from both of those companies, but it's important for people to understand that the outcome here is not yet determined. That's why we're going to continue to follow this story very closely here on real vision. We're going to report the facts as they come out. And that's the thing that I think it's most important for people to understand, that this, this may or may not be over. This is part of a much broader chain of events. When you look at this big picture dating back to the beginning of the year, when we saw the Fed begin to hike rates, we saw in, we saw the prices obviously, across the crypto complex begin to decline, the so called crypto winter. Then after about five months of that this year, we saw the terra Luna ecosystem collapse, followed shortly thereafter by three arrows capital imploding, filing for bankruptcy in July. Obviously, some of the names that we've talked about here, Blockfi, Voyager Celsius, and others also filing for bankruptcy during a similar timeframe. Then we get the FTX collapse. And now we have these concerns, and they are just concerns, but we're going to follow those. We're going to unpack them very closely here in the remaining week of this year and of course, also in 2023. That's what I'm looking forward to. That's my key takeaway. That's what I'm going to be focused on in the next, next year.
Speaker A: Jeremy, we came so close to getting through a whole show without mentioning FTX. We were right there. It's impossible to do in this day and age. It is certainly so pleasure having you on the show today, my friend. As always, great to be with you.
Speaker B: Always a pleasure to be here with you, Jeremy, thanks so much.
Speaker A: All right, we're going to let Ash get back to his vacation. That is it for us today. If you are not a subscriber, please do not forget to subscribe. Real Vision Crypto is free for those of you watching on YouTube. Remember to subscribe and hit that notification bell so you can keep up with us every time we go live. Join us again tomorrow. Ash will actually be back to do a year in review with Dan Roberts. From decrypt to the best in the business sharing their thoughts on 2022 in the crypto space. We will see you live at noon Eastern, 05:00 p.m. london time on the real Vision crypto daily briefing.
