Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by La Quinta by Wyndham. Your work can take you all over the place, like Texas you've never been, but it's going to be great because you're staying at La Quinta by Wyndham. Their free bright side breakfast will give you energy for the day ahead. And after, you can unwind using their free high speed wifi. Tonight, La Quinta. Tomorrow you shine. Book your stay today@lq.com. dot.
Speaker B: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance. Join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten. That's podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Now to the top analysis of today's crypto markets.
Speaker C: Welcome everyone to the real vision crypto daily briefing. My name is Santiago Velez. I'm here today with John Trask from CEO of agricultural tech company Demetra. Welcome, John.
Speaker D: Hey, thanks for having me here today.
Speaker C: It's a pleasure. We had John a few years ago on real vision crypto. One of our early guests, he gave a very insightful and deep dive into his project on agrigesthenne, agricultural technology blockchain machine learning. We're going to revisit that project and see the progress that's been made. We hope to really engage the audience today. We want questions and challenges, so we'll do that work today. But before we'd like to just look at the markets and see how things are going. Bitcoin and Ethereum continue to trend up. A nice return from this long winter. We're having bitcoin right now around 29,369. So things are recovering nicely. The altcoins likely to see a strong rally in all coin season. So just around the corner, it's nice to see projects last this long. And so I'm glad to have John back on the show as one of the very small market cap coins that we visited way back in 2021. So with that, let's get on, let's get to it. John, can you give us a little rundown of Demetra, what the platform is, what your original goal was during our first interview, and how its progressed since then?
Speaker D: Yeah, so Dimitra is a platform thats completely focused on agriculture, working with farmers around the world and taking product rate from the soil all the way through the food producers. So your large distributors and restaurants and grocery stores and we've made a ton of progress in the last year and a half, I guess. We launched on Kucoin in September of 2021, and you guys had us on that month, so thank you for that. Since then, we've built five applications that work in different scenarios. We've built a lot of AI in order to help farmers make better decisions. And of course, there's a couple different blockchain options within our platform. We are ERC 20 token. We also work with Ethereum and Polygon, depending on what pieces of data we're writing and how we're going to use those and record those and create that immutable record for traceability or I, or whatever the purpose is. Right?
Speaker C: So let's break down each of these tech stack aspects and visit them individually. So let's start with the blockchain. Typically, blockchains can be used to record just transaction processing for a cryptocurrency, but they can also be used to record datasets and essentially immutable, kind of persistent records that anyone can refer to as a source of truth in that aspect, both the digital asset, the token, versus the records. Can you differentiate a little bit for our audience how you use blockchain technology?
Speaker D: Yeah, so there's a lot of different ways that we use it, and I'll just cover a couple of those. So initially, we collect data from farmers and we get to understand how they're planting, where they're planting, and we supplement that data with data that we collect from satellites and IoT sensors and other sources, and we pick components of that data to maintain traceability. From a traceability perspective, farmers want to know, what have they done in the past, what are they doing now, and how does that relate to regulations? There's a lot of regulations in the world around what chemicals farmers can use, how they treat their soil. There's a lot of interest, from an environmental perspective, about farming and farming practices and how that works together works hand in hand with environmental regulations or environmental objectives. And so we have a number of applications, and one of our applications is a deforest application, deforestation application. There's a large regulatory set coming out in the world. The EU has come out and put out some new legislation. It's going live in early 2024. And they've given essentially corporations 18 months to 24 months, depending on the size of the corporation, to get ready. And get ready means how do you assess a farm or a timber lot for deforestation? How do you prove that it has not been deforested after December 2020? And then how do you maintain that record and integrate that into the supply chain. So you have shipping records of every shipment of coffee and cocoa and wood and rubber and a number of other commodities when you're shipping your goods to the EU. So we take that data within our application, we write that to Polygon and create an immutable record, create a certificate for the farmer and for the food company in order for them to maintain records to show that they're complying with those regulations. Now, that really interesting thing is 141 nations signed up at COP, signed the PAC, and will be taking on or creating similar regulations between now and 2030, with the goal of eliminating deforestation by 2030. And blockchain is playing a critical role in that within the dementra platform.
Speaker C: Wow, that's fantastic. I think the thing that's truly special, from my perspective, is this idea that we're taking farming, which has traditionally been just passed down by word of mouth skill set of the parent to the child, and essentially now digitizing it. Right. We're capturing all of the insights and the provenance of how we grow our food and manage livestock and trees. And we're digitizing it and we're making it accessible globally so that people can learn from one another's practices. The data can, the insights can be gathered from the data. And then, of course, you know, we can meet environmental sustainability goals, government goals and management. So I think in the big picture, this is a kind of secular technological change that's going to happen irrespective of how quickly. Right. All we can do is provide the tools and get people onboarded quickly, but it's just a change that's kind of inevitable. So I think that what you guys are doing is absolutely on the right path. And I think a lot of the farmers are going to see the benefits that maybe from word of mouth they couldn't get from their parents. Can you talk a little bit about what some of those benefits are, how AI and machine learning can provide insights? Where's the value there?
Speaker D: Yeah. So we start with a mobile app and the farmers enter their data. They tell us about their soil, and then we take satellite reports. We've generated 23 satellite reports that use AI in order to evaluate a piece of land using different spectral imagery and also using radar. And we can analyze that and compare year over year performance on a particular farm and help a farmer make decisions around what fertilizer should they be using, when should they be planting. Climate change is impacting planting seasons. And farmers, if they don't have additional data, may plant too early when there's a big storm coming. They may miss a particular rainy season that they need in order to help with their crops. We've set up about 40 crops now in the system. We have a large team working on the AI for more crops. We're adding three to five new crops every month. Now, a farmer, after they tell us about what they want to plant and what their goals are, we compare them to best practices. And then we look at actual performance, so we can look at performing other performing farms in the region. Other performing farms with like conditions and machine learning just creates so much opportunity for us to start analyzing that data and making recommendations. So we have recommendation sets around soil nutrition, we have plant health, we have analysis around pests. So a farmer, if he doesn't know what's attacking his crop, can take a picture of his corn and get a report back that says the markings that are on his corn are a particular pest. The same thing in brazil, we're working on a disease set called citrus canker, using artificial intelligence in order to help predict the risk of that disease. Working with Abra Frutis, who's one of the largest fruit organizations in the world, to help farmers reduce the risk of their crops being affected by certain bacteria or certain diseases. Citrus canker is actually a bacteria, but it gets carried in the wind and can really damage oranges and lemons and other citrus crops. It's just so exciting what we can do with it. We've developed a huge data set of photographs from farms around the world. We have data of every farmer telling us when they're planting, when they're harvesting their coffee, what chemicals they're using, if they're not using chemicals, if they're trying to grow completely organically, how are they managing that, and how are they managing pests? We get great results about how do different practices work in the real world under real variables and real conditions. And so we take all of that data and we work with organizations. We're working with an organization, Colombia and Uganda now around cattle and cattle management. And so that data can be made available to research organizations, to universities. We have a partnership with the Ocean Protocol, and we've run a couple data sharing initiatives with them. And we'll be making data available through the marketplace so that we can monetize that data for our farmers and for our customers. And then beyond that, anybody who comes on as a customer of Dimitra, if they're growing corn, and we have corn data from around the world, and through all of the other data that we've collected, we share that with them, and that goes into the data set that feeds our artificial intelligence and helping them make better decisions for their particular circumstances.
Speaker C: I think for me personally, the biggest benefit I see here is really about the future. The amount of uncertainty that either an individual farmer, a commodities market, agricultural market, even consumers towards yields, and ultimately prices were all very in tune. Now, post Covid with supply chain related inflation and food prices, et cetera, better data, better analysis, increasing yields for as many individual farmers as possible, essentially helps to eliminate a lot of that uncertainty and get better outcomes. So I think it's extremely prudent that technologies like these be implemented exactly like how you guys are doing it. So, kudos to that. Can you talk a little bit about maybe that aspect of the data set in and of itself being a very valuable commodity because the majority of farmers are fairly low income, low scope. We're not talking huge industrial farmers here. The idea that they would have not only improved yields on site, but now an ability to take the methods and data practices and tokenize that, or somehow commodify that for use. Can you speak a little bit about that? And is that in the long range plan?
Speaker D: Yeah. So let me give you an example. We did an initial POC on a project in Bolivia. In that PoC, Bolivia is known to grow quinoa. And we evaluated quinoa using all of these technologies, satellite and artificial intelligence, and came back in the POC and determined that we can increase a farmers yield about 300%. And so now we're taking that to the next step. We're going live with 2000 to 3000 farms this year and see if we can replicate that across a much larger set of farms. We've signed some deals down there. We have a local university in Aruro state or Aurora area of Bolivia, and they are doing a lot of our field work for us. So they'll go out and train the farmers on how to use the app, how to take the data coming out of the app and use that to improve their yield or reduce their costs or whatever each individual farmer's objective is. We teach Dimitra school, so we go to the university and teach them how to do that, and partner with the ag students and some of the technology students, because we need that mix and bring them in on how do they run a platform within the, the country in order to help the agricultural sector. And we're doing that all over the world. We're doing that in 16 countries now. And maybe we were more ambitious when we started thinking we'd be able to grow faster than that, but we're pretty happy with getting it out and being used in Brazil and Colombia and Bolivia and then all over Africa and Southeast Asia. So our growth has been phenomenal, and we're taking on each project crop at a time. So that's our strategy. We work with different subsets of farmers who work particularly with a crop. So perhaps a cooperative or a government that is trying to enhance the exports of a particular crop and move forward from there.
Speaker C: Hey, everyone, we're gonna take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners.
Speaker D: We'll be right back. Whoa.
Speaker B: Landing an account this big will totally change my landscaping business. It's gonna mean hiring more guys and more equipment and new trucks for the new guys to drive the new equipment in. I don't know if I'm ready.
Speaker E: You can do this. And Ford Pro finsimple can help. Our experts are ready to make growing pains less painful for your business with flexible financing solutions that meet the needs of your business today when you need them. Get started@fordpro.com. financing.
Speaker C: That's excellent. You know, I think raising the yields of the farmers is awesome for them, of course, for them and their families. But I really am excited about this idea of the sustainability and being able to ensure consistent yields for longer periods of time, making sure they don't deplete the soil, and have a situation where there's a checkmate scenario in the future. So I think the real value is that we'll have more clarity, more certainty, and stability in the food supply as the planet grows. And these kinds of technologies can really assist them into not making the kinds of errors that have occurred in other places that lead to famines and et cetera. So it'll be particularly important with climate change related events and shocks to the global economy with things like a pandemic. Having these tools in place now really provides us margin resiliency for the long term. I think we take it for granted. Here in the United States, we might get a little inconvenienced with higher prices at the supermarket, but for us, it's something we can tolerate. But in many places around the world, this is literally a life or death kind of situation and making sure that they manage their land properly and their cattle and their environment. So I think it's highly critical. Can you talk a little bit about maybe how some of Demetra's sales numbers or project numbers have increased year over year? Are you at liberty to talk about that?
Speaker D: Yeah. So, I mean, our sales two years ago were literally zero, and this year we'll expect to be in that $20 to $30 million range. So we see that as quite positive. And from a growth perspective, we've signed up 16 major organizations, actually 20 major organizations in 16 countries. And those organizations have about 20 million farmers within them. So within each of those, if you look at Quinoa and Bolivia, for example, stage one is just a handful of farms. Stage two is 2000 to 3000 farms, and then we can scale it. We signed a contract recently with Apro Cafe in Honduras. They have 115,000 coffee farms. We're working through that scaling plan and it'll follow a similar scenario. 60 or 100 farms, several thousand farms, and then tens of thousands of farms over a five year cycle. And you have to remember that each one of these projects follows the crop seasons. So, you know, we may go sign up a deal with an aperol cafe and you have a limited coffee season. So we're working with them throughout the season. And then your next stage of growth is six months away. If your coffee season is about six months in that region before you can start onboarding the next group of farmers. And that's why we use the universities from a growth and knowledge perspective. They've been great. Andalash University in the Philippines is working with our coffee farmers in the region there. They've got, I think, 80 students now have been trained on our system. And they go out a month at a time, 30 students at a time, and work day in, day out with thousands and thousands of coffee farmers and spend a couple days teaching them how to use the app, come back a few weeks later, help answer questions. You know, a lot with our app they can do offline. Some of the farmers don't have connectivity at their farm, so they have to go into a buying station where they drop their coffee every day or somewhere that offers them that connectivity and that community and that expertise is really growing. So, you know, Andalash University, we're working with three or four more groups in Indonesia now and planning those. And, and it's quite interesting. We literally go in and plant a seed with, you know, one group of farmers. And, you know, the original group of farmers for coffee was Solak Rajo, 3500 farms. And that seed sprouts to other growing groups. And now we're talking tens of thousands and potentially hundreds of thousands of farmers over the next few years. So we see huge potential growth from that perspective.
Speaker C: Yeah, it truly is an s curve in terms of technological adoption. There's kind of a confluence of things all intersecting now. I mean, just to enable this process. You had to have cell phones, for example, which are now ubiquitous in many countries where there just isn't fiber optic or cable type of Internet, just a mobile phone in conjunction with blockchain technology, machine learning, satellite data. All of these technologies are converging now to the point where it's a useful product. And now that people are starting to see the benefits of it, that in and of itself compounds it through education. So I think that's what makes me so optimistic about the future is this idea that this technological compounding is going to yield benefits for all of us, right? We can share the data together, we can learn from each other at scale. And this just wasn't really possible before. So I'm super excited about it. I'm very happy what you guys are doing with this. We've got a little bit of time left to maybe talk about the future. What do you guys see in the next six months to twelve months, besides onboarding more farmers, more educations. But is there anything exciting that you're looking forward to? And maybe one more question is, how do you see this differentiation between the crypto markets as a small market cap ERC 20 token, see incredible volatility, which is normal for that size. In the face of what I see as a secular growth in your company, how do you reconcile the two? Where do you see the future going there and what do you see for the future of your company?
Speaker D: Yeah, well, we love what's happening in the markets right now. We've got some positive results with our token over the last three months or so. And that does create a lot of opportunities from us from an investment perspective. We can do more with technology, we can onboard more farmers, creates a compounding effect for us. And then what we see in the next six months to a year is really the preparation for these regulations. I talked about the deforestation regulations. The EU has said starting in 2024, theres seven at risk commodities. And if you are selling those at risk commodities to the EU, and you have deforested since 2020, you will not be allowed to export or import them into the US after 2024. So it will change some of the world's largest commodities, wood, rubber, coffee, chocolate, beef, palm oil, so all of your makeups and things like that, that use that and soy. And so whats happening now with the corporations is theyre preparing for that. You can imagine any large food company that has hundreds of thousands or even millions of farms that they buy from, they now have to be able to assess their entire supply chain and determine in 2024 who are they allowed to buy from and who are now displaced because they have actively been deforesting the planet. So what we're seeing is a lot of the large corporations come on board now looking for ways to assess very large plots of land. You know, I was on a call with a timber company a couple days ago, and they want to assess the entire southeast United States and the entire northwest United States. So we're talking millions and millions and millions of acres of. And our deforestation app that you can see in the background here helps them do that. We've built this so that somebody can create a geofence. We take the satellite report from 2020 and the most current satellite report, we do a comparison and we create, using artificial intelligence, a heat map that tells us what areas have been left status quo, what areas have been deforested, and what areas do they have new forest growing on. And we give a report that they can share with the EU and with their customers to show that they've increased the amount of forest on their property by 10% or by a certain number of hectares. We bundle that all up in a compliance report using AI. We evaluate that the crop was actually grown on that farm. So they can't fraudulently just say they've grown crop on that farm and show a report of an area that has not been deforested. In Brazil, for example, we evaluate the actual land registry, and we've got a couple contracts with two states in Brazil right now, where we can compare what the farmer claims is his or her property with what is actually registered. And then we take all of that, collect the critical data elements, and we write that to Polygon, and we give the farmer a certificate that says that their farm has been evaluated on a certain date, it meets this criteria, and then at that point, they can share that with their customs broker or the importer of record in the EU and show that they comply. What we're finding now is a lot of the corporations who have large number of farmers, are looking to buy this service for their farmers. So as opposed to selling farmer to farmer, we're also selling to corporations. So we see that expanding around the world, and this is going to change the food supply chain every year consistently from now until maybe forever, but at least 2030, because that's what the pact says is going to happen. And the 141 top nations in the world have agreed to do this. So imagine Europe doesn't buy their chocolate from anywhere in Europe. They buy cocoa, and it's coming from Africa and South America and Southeast Asia, and now that's regulated. And your typical cocoa farmer has an acre or two acres or maybe ten acres of land. So there's just huge, huge volumes of product. So beyond that, we see continued expansion in our. In our platform. We built an animal genetics platform that is up and running in two nations. Now we've got an agreement now that they're putting, I think, up to 5 million cows on the system over the next few years in South America. And using artificial intelligence and predictive data coming from the history of the parents and the history of the individual animal, we can predict with fair certainty how two animals mating will perform from a beef production perspective, a milk production perspective, and also identify a number of diseases that could be bred out of the food chain. So lots of exciting stuff happening there. Then we just launched a sponsorship program, and so investors who want to hold our token can hold the token for a year and pick one of our projects. And I think we have six projects now on the sponsorship program, and these are projects where we've gone in and either the government or the farming organization or an NGO doesn't have sufficient funds in order to fund the project. We have a staking program where an individual can stake some tokens, stake $100 worth of tokens, and provide access to the system for a farmer or for a large group of farmers. Loads of exciting things going on within our project right now, and we're looking forward to more.
Speaker C: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real vision crypto daily briefing. That's amazing. We hear a lot of lip service in the crypto community about banking the unbanked or bringing value to the rest of the world that is not highly financialized. But this, to me, is a project that is actually walking the talk. You guys are on the ground building a product that people can use to generate real value for themselves and others and helping develop sustainable economies, sustainable agriculture. So kudos to you. This is the way it should be done, and I'm hoping that we can have you back in another two years and do another check in, hopefully even sooner, to make sure that you're on track. I'd love to take a bunch of questions, if we can, from users. I'm sure there's people interested in hearing from you. All right, so first from Roger on our RV website, how does Dmitria prove that the data is correct at the time it's recorded on the blockchain?
Speaker D: So we choose when we write the data to the blockchain based on a certain number of parameters. We know ranges of soil parameters that should exist, and the system will challenge if somebody enters data that's outside that range. We know if somebody tells us, and, you know, I'll give you a coffee example, if somebody gives us the soil ph and the soil ph is four and optimal is six, and if we're going to do certain activities, if the farmer does those activities, we can see them via the satellite reports because we're going to get better NDVI, which is going to reflect the health of the plant. And so we know if the farmer is giving us information that's in the right ballpark. We also know that based on the activities that the farmer is doing and recording in the system, that we're producing a result. And the result is measurable through satellite reports, through IoT sensors. If the farmer's employing those IoT sensors and then the AI will kick out anomalies. So if we have 10,000 farmers that are working on coffee and 500 of them give us garbage information, it's not going to fit into the curve. They're going to be outliers. And those outliers may or may not be true, but we have enough other data that it offsets anybody that's potentially just trying to mess with the system. Hope that answers the question.
Speaker C: Great, great response. Okay, from YouTube, we have Milan Ivanov and Jimmy Maker both asking their price questions on the Demetra token itself. John, can you comment on recent price activity and then maybe talk about some of the tokenomics, the supply, and how that might change over the next year?
Speaker D: Yeah, so you can access our tokenomics online. We, since the last three months or so, have benefited from what's happening in the marketplace. We've also benefited from being an AI company and building a so much valuable AI, and we benefited, I think, from our growth and media attention. So just like we are here, Cointelegraph, we have a partnership with them and they're writing articles about us and we spend a lot of time doing AMA's and I think that has been hugely beneficial and been buoyed by more positive market sentiment.
Speaker C: Yeah, I agree.
Speaker D: From a tokenomics perspective, we've got about 400 million tokens out there. A number of those are locked within the community with investors. So I'll give you an example. Sola graduate came in and licensed our system. They provide us funding, we provide them grants in order to help move them to different strategies. And the tokens that are involved in that transaction get locked so they're under initially a two year contract, all of their tokens are locked for two years. So that helps from a tokenomics perspective, from the perspective of deforestation certificates, deforestation certificates are priced differently depending on volume. An individual organization may buy a deforestation certificate for $10 or $20, depending on what they're doing with it and how many acres they're evaluating. We take that, we have to pay our satellite fees and we have to pay filing fees. No government will take a crypto transaction from us as of yet. They still expect us to pay and fiat. So we pay that off and then the rest of that gets converted to DMTR and a percentage of that DMTR for the certificate gets burned. And so as volume goes up and the regulatory window approaches in 2024, the number of users of the platform should go up and we'll see more and more of that activity wherever we have the revenue coming into the token and the burn going out. We also have locking mechanisms through our sponsorship program. And then all of the pre sale tokens have been unlocked. Now the only, I guess, locked tokens from presale are mine, mine. I've been locked for two years. As the CEO, the team members get tokens every month and some of those tokens every month are locked, but their original tokens have unlocked. So there is a component of that. But we're happy to give you a link and everybody can go online, go onto any of our social media and access all of the detailed information about that.
Speaker C: I think that's just one of the really valuable aspects of your, your project versus many other altcoins is that its been so far extremely transparent. A good custodial approach to the asset, managing it as a steward, just in the similar way one would manage land as to making it a sustainable project that derives yield into the future. So I think thats a pretty good strategy. We have a question from a user japanese character. Unfortunately I havent learned japanese yet on YouTube. Any chance of further exchange listings, Coinbase or a Dex L two network and any also has Demetra was featured in a report from blockchain of Europe and maybe you can talk a little bit about that.
Speaker D: Yeah, so blockchain Europe and Iota put out a report recently and that's been very helpful. We've been talking to them about different ways to use blockchain. They've been interested in how we're using blockchain and IoT and other technologies in order to work in agriculture and real life. Examples of how this works. Some of this comes from polygon polygons heavily involved in that organization, and they've been very helpful in putting out that report. So certainly more reports coming. I probably get interviewed for a report every couple of weeks. The BRI Blockchain Research Institute has done some stuff with us in the past year, and so we see more and more of that coming with respect to exchanges. We're always talking to exchanges. We expect to list on some more exchanges. We can't commit anything about future exchanges. That's going to come from the exchange when we solidify a deal and move forward.
Speaker C: Makes sense. Great answer. Okay, final question from Zach Hessler on YouTube. Any way you could envision Demetria as a platform helping to solve future supply chain imbalances? We all saw this during the pandemic, the unpredictability of food and food prices. How do you see your platform playing a role there?
Speaker D: Yeah, so it already plays a bit of a role there. We go in, and if we take the coffee example, we get satellite views of the coffee, and depending on the type of coffee and what they use for shade trees, we can see a certain amount of information and we get farmer data. We can see much in advance of the actual harvest, what the potential yield is going to be, and we can see it much more precisely from a commodity level than potentially we could a number of years ago. Just because we have so much more data. There's certainly ways that we can work with that. And having data in all over South America and Africa and Europe and Asia, we can see regionally what's happening and use that to help predict what's happening with a commodity in general and challenge maybe some of the assumptions that are being made by financial markets or insurance companies or whoever, and actually be a supplier of that data to those companies who are putting together those analysis reports for the New York Stock Exchange or whoever is trading in corn or coffee or whatever the case may be. So certainly lots of opportunity from a customer's perspective. And I see that data that they're using only getting better year over year over year. As more and more people are collecting more granular level of data, we can now create an equation to look at soil and climactic conditions with a growing history and before a farmer plants start, see what potential there is that year and what risks there are that year. Some years you may have have different rain conditions or your ph is starting low. So we know their productivity is going to be higher or lower. And that's part of our mandate with our customers to help them understand that they know in general if they're going to have more water or less water, what that's going to do to their crop. But now we can take the actual volume of water that's predicted and give them a reasonable result that they can start making decisions on making financial decisions early in the season or locking in their sales for 80% of their projected crop.
Speaker C: That's brilliant. Absolutely excellent. Great response. John, thank you so much for coming back on real vision. It's been an absolute pleasure. We hope to have you back. And any last words for our audience?
Speaker D: No. I mean, look us up online and thank you for listening today. And thank you and real Vision team for having us here. It's great to have an opportunity to get our message out and get it out to more and more people. So we appreciate all the support that you give us and feel free to reach out on our social media, talk with us and talk with our community.
Speaker C: Excellent. Thank you, John. And thank you. Viewers of the real vision crypto will be back tomorrow. Thank you.
Speaker F: What's up, revolutionaries? Thanks for tuning in to the real Vision daily briefing. For more content like this, head over to realvision.com and get unfiltered access to the very best, brightest and biggest names in finance.
