Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get 30. 30, baby get 30, baby get 20. 2020, baby get 2020. Bid to get 15. 1515 just $15 a month, so give.
Speaker A: It a try at Mint mobile.com switch.
Speaker C: $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: Hey everyone, if you like this podcast, go behind the paywall to get privileged access to the smartest minds in finance, join the real vision community and learn how to become a better investor. Visit realvision.com rvpod and use the promo code podcast ten. That's podcast ten to get 10% off our essential membership for the first year. Now to the top analysis of today's crypto markets.
Speaker E: Despite concerns, Binance continues to dominate as it posts its fourth consecutive month of increased market share. Plus, Ark investments doubles down on crypto, buying up more stock from Coinbase and Robin Hood. Welcome to real Vision Crypto Daily Briefing. I'm Ash Bennington. I'm joined today by Michael del Castillo, senior editor from Forbes. Michael, welcome to the show.
Speaker F: Thank you so much, Ash, it's a pleasure to be here.
Speaker E: It's great to be back with you. Lots to discuss. But first, let's take a look at the latest price analysis. Bitcoin fell to a three week low this morning, now trading at around $22,000, down about 4% over the last seven days. This comes after US Federal Reserve chair Jerome Powell's testimony to Congress yesterday, which has motivated traders to price in higher terminal rates at the short end of the curve. US two year treasury yields are now trading just above 5%. Looks like 5.049 on my screen right now. Indeed, ETH is feeling the pain as well. Right now, ETH is trading around $1,500, which means it's down around 3% over the last seven days. As Coindesk reports, Paul's comments seem to have had quite an impact on price action. Quote, traders now expect continued tightening over the coming months, with the central bank raising rates by at least 100 points before calling it a day. That according to analysis from Coindesk. We're going to bring in Michael to dig into all this, but first, viewers, please join us in the conversation. Put down your questions in the chat wherever you're watching. We'll ask the best ones on the air later in the show. Remember, real vision members take priority, but the good news is real vision crypto membership is free. With that said, let's bring in our guests. Michael, it's great to have you back on the show. Great to be here with you again. We should say in full disclosure, we know each other, we've worked together in a past life.
Speaker F: Yeah, it's actually really fun to see you in this capacity, because 90% of all my memories of you are the right side of your head, because we literally worked shoulder to shoulder in an office where the floor was slanted so our chairs kept rolling to one side of the room.
Speaker E: Yeah, we worked together at, like, a wework in midtown Manhattan. This was during the days where you and I were both at Coindesk. I believe we were two of the three journalism leads at the time. You ran enterprise blockchain? I was running markets reporting. A hell of a lot of fun.
Speaker F: Yeah, yeah. It was interesting to see that enterprise blockchain beat evolve into institutional crypto as big companies started to get more and more comfortable with using the scary public blockchains. But it was fun to work with you through the whole evolution of that story.
Speaker E: Oh, yeah, absolutely. I was secretly a little jealous of you, Michael, because you got to talk to all the banks, which was super fun, which I thought was majorly cool at the time.
Speaker F: Time, I'll never forget, sort of discovering bitcoin back in October 2011, fresh out of grad school, with the words of my professors rummaging around in my head, follow the money, follow the money, follow the money. And I was never a markets guy, so I wasn't talking about markets going up or down and people making money off of smart trades. I was really interested in how these big companies, the existing potentially disrupted institutions, might get involved or combat it. And it's proved to be an absolutely fascinating story to tell for ten years plus.
Speaker E: Yeah, and you've been brilliant at setting up that narrative and telling that story. So it's really a pleasure to have you with us today. So much to talk about here. Obviously, a lot of news flow. Given Powell's testimony yesterday and the price action today. What are you making of what's happening in crypto markets more generally right now? What's your reaction?
Speaker F: I happy to see sort of like, actually a bit of stability at the top, to be honest. Like, if you take a look at the highs and the lows over the last two to three weeks, over the course of the last six months or so, there's actually a degree of stability. So I'm not really chicken little panicking over the sky falling here. We do talk. I mean, the price movements of pennies and dollars on a day still mean something, but over the long haul, I actually see a lot of stability and I think that sort of reflects that. The industry has moved past a time where a single news event is having catastrophic impact on prices. The reactions are still there, but much more mature.
Speaker E: It's very interesting you talk about this sort of stabilization that we've seen in the market. We should point out, obviously we're down about two thirds of maybe a little bit more from the high in bitcoin, some similar changes in eth. When you talk about this sort of environment of stability, obviously for people who are trading it day to day, the news flow obviously has a significant impact on the short term price movements. But what do you see that brings in this general era, as you see it, of a stabilizing market?
Speaker F: Yeah. Well, when you and I were working together, if we got a big scoop and we ran a story, we could see the story move markets by percentage points and sometimes much more than that. I remember when one of my favorite stories is when IBM first partnered with stellar to do the experiments with central bank digital currencies. I had that story for days, maybe even a week or two before it went live so that I could do the reporting. And when it went live, we saw a couple billion dollars of market value added to the stellar blockchain overnight. And we're just not seeing that anymore. A single story isn't creating that kind of. And you got to keep in mind, that was a couple billion dollars of a market cap that was only a couple billion dollars.
Speaker E: Right?
Speaker F: So it's all very, very relative. If the chairman of the biggest central bank in the world makes comments that the industry interprets as bad, the price is going to go down. But compared to what used to happen on a relatively tiny news story, it's nothing. I still respect the analysts and the people that are making fortunes out there by trying to anticipate micro movements in price activity. There's still a great business opportunity there. But if you take a step back and take a look at the resilience of the market overall where we are today compared to where we were just a couple of years ago, it's not even comparable.
Speaker E: You know, Michael, this is such a great point. And by the way, we're not talking about the dark ages. This was 2017, so about six years ago. So a sign of stability definitely is that when you and I can't move the market like Jay Powell.
Speaker F: And to be fair, people give me grief because I don't invest, and I don't invest in crypto. I should say, I promise to my readers in 2015 that I wouldn't invest in crypto until a couple theoretical milestones had been achieved or until I wasn't writing about crypto anymore. And that was because I knew that these stories could move prices. And I wanted my readers to be confident that I was making my story selections based on what I thought was actually the most interesting news of day, the most meaningful opportunities, the most innovative leaders, without worrying about whether or not it's going to impact my bottom line. And I may be starting to age out of that promise, honestly, because in a time where stories have so little relative impact to markets, maybe it's finally coming to be safe for me to make that first purchase.
Speaker E: You know, it's really funny that you should say that, because I've. I've struggled with this myself. And the challenge with crypto is unlike investing, uh, for example, in stock. Uh, if you're a reporter at CNBC or at the Wall Street Journal, you don't invest in stock. But stock doesn't really have anything, uh, other than capital appreciation. The problem with crypto is that there's functionality in it, and there's the experience of. Of actually getting to participate and to watch things on the block explorer. So, you know, I I wouldn't say that I've invested. I own crypto, but I don't think I own a single position that's more than, like, a month's rent. Right? That's like, you know, like, it doesn't really matter to me.
Speaker F: Um, that's a great point. You have to use it. Um, I also own crypto. Um, I've acquired it along the way. In fact, uh, going way back, I could even talk about when a new wallet used to open it came with bitcoin in it, because that was how they got you to use it. And it was actually also a great way for reporters to get early experience actually moving an asset from point a to point b when ATM's were a thing, when they were becoming a thing, I should say, yeah, you go out, you put $3 in a bitcoin ATM at the local mall, and you make a withdrawal. You see what it's like. You move from wallet a to wallet b. You move it from exchange to exchange. You move it to a hardware device, you play around with it. You've got to have the hands on experience, but you don't actually need to be a billionaire to know how it works.
Speaker E: Yeah, very well said, michael, talking about experiences that you have firsthand. Let's talk about our top story today. Despite massive regulatory concerns, Binance has continued its growth as their market share has increased for a fourth consecutive month. According to Coindesk and data analytics from crypto compares, Binance's market share just increased from 59.4% in January to 61.8% in February. Indeed, finance also saw a 13.7% increase in its spot volumes to $504,000,000,000, an all time market share high for the exchange. On the other hand, Coinbase, second to finance and volume is down 29% from the previous month, and Kraken, third to Binance in volume, was down 11%. This, of course, comes as regulators in the US and abroad have increased their scrutiny of Binance post FTX collapse. Indeed, as Coindesk reports, the SEC believes that Binance us, that's the Binance corporate entity that operates here in the United States, may be operating as an unregistered securities exchange here in the US, as we discussed yesterday on the show. Of course, of course, Binance US has objected to this assertion, uh, but that regulatory concern doesn't seem to be stopping traders at the moment. As Cryptocompar research analyst Jacob Joseph said to Coindesk, quote, despite the recent criticism the exchange has received, market participants continue to take shelter on binance under the premise that the largest exchange is seen as one of the safer trading venues. Michael, so much to say here. Where do we even begin your relationship with finance? They sued you? I believe so. Michael, I don't know how much you can talk about this. I know there's. These ongoing legal situations are always tricky. I'm just going to turn it over to you.
Speaker F: Yeah, I'll start with the sort of news of day a bit. I do think it's important that we don't necessarily equate increased market share with new users. Those are not necessarily one and the same, especially in a macro market where competitors are going bankrupt left and right, where competitors are being put out of business, where competitors are sending emails to their clientele telling them they've got a week to withdraw their funds because they're not going to be doing business anymore. We don't necessarily know where those people are going. Some of them may be going to competitors, some of them may be getting out of the industry altogether. The point is that increased market share does not necessarily need to mean new users. I'm a little bit suspicious of some of the wording in that report. I think it's worth taking a closer look at whether or not we can actually see reliable data that shows that this increased market share is coming directly from new users and perhaps more importantly, foreign exchange that has proved willing to play in the gray from a regulatory compliant, know your customer perspective, whether or not we can actually trust the data that we're seeing that shows there may or may not be an increase in new users. So that's the first thing. The second thing is, even if there is an increase in market share, even if that increase in market share does come from an acquisition of new customers and not just the closing doors of competitors, I think there are other numbers to take a look at, like overall volume. And if you take a look at spot trading volume, for example, derivatives trading, generally speaking, they've had some really bad months over the last six months or so. I think the most recent month does show them slightly up in both those categories. But the idea that there's a long term trend of increased market share and that that somehow reflects positively on binance or on any exchange, I think it's just an extreme oversimplification, especially given the bigger context there. Yeah.
Speaker E: So it's great to have you here to make those distinctions, to point this out. I know these are things that you cover closely in your reporting. Talking of which, I know you can't comment on it, but what was the nature of this lawsuit? What was the reporting that resulted in it, and where are you with it right now? What can you say about it?
Speaker F: Yeah, so I obviously can't talk about the lawsuit. I think that it's been pretty well reported. What I will say, though, is I kind of go back here. I am not an investor in crypto. I'm a storyteller. I'm looking for great stories. I'm looking for great sources. I always engage with every party that I can when I'm writing a story, whether it's positive or negative. And in that particular story, we heavily engaged with every party involved. We did deep reporting and was actually pleased to see two, three years later, just earlier this week, the article was actually cited in a report, I'm sorry. In a letter from three us senators.
Speaker E: I think we have the images of that. We want to put that up on screen.
Speaker F: You do? Cool.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker F: Yeah. I mean, I think that if you take a look at the dates of the other articles that were cited in that letter, take a look at the reporting that we did, and you kind of think about where the exchange was before we wrote that article. You can see, I think, a little bit of a shift in tone in the industry and the reporting that.
Speaker E: Michael, I'm just going to come right out and say it, because I know you are too humble to put this forward, but basically, not to turn too fine a point on it, but this 2020 report, I think the so called Tai Chi report that you wrote with, I think, some other folks over at Forbes, your shop, you essentially were able to make some of these points that us senators are getting around to now, in 2023 or late 2022, whenever that letter was issued. So you were literally years ahead of the curve here in doing some of this research and analysis, trying to tease out some of these points.
Speaker F: Yeah, well, I, again, I do kind of like to let the report speak for itself. But what I will say is we didn't set out with any agenda at all when we came across the documents that eventually ended up being cited in there. We sought as accurate an understanding of the bigger picture context that we could get across the board.
Speaker E: But are you able to share some of those findings with us now, or is that something that you prefer people go and look at the report on.
Speaker F: At a very high level? I just say that there was some evidence that Binance had at least considered creating an entity in the United States that, I believe it was their exact wording. They called it the Tai Chi entity that would essentially distract us regulators while the main company did what it was going to do. It's important to note, and I think we did make clear in the article, that all that we had for sure was that this plan had at least been considered, and that what we now call binance, us that is occasionally referred to as bam trading, looked an awful lot like it might have been this tai chi entity. We did stop short of saying that, for sure, but there was a lot of similarities there. What I think is really important to talk about, though, especially in light of the mention of the report in the letter from the senators, is that this finance, in a lot of ways, was the FTX of its time, in the sense that its reputation was kind of vaunted. People like to talk about how SBF was largely portrayed as Crypto's white knight, how everything that Sam Bankman free did was golden and everything he touched turned to gold. And I think before that report, I think CZ and binance had a very similar reputation. And it is worth noting that a lot of the innovation is genuine. You know, a lot of the things that they have come up with, a lot of the services that they've dedicated to helping ensure that people in developing nations that are often overlooked are actually getting paid attention to a lot of the business model experimentation, whether it's in the gray area or not. You know, I'll leave that to the lawyers. But it's genuinely innovative. And so it shouldn't be overlooked that while a lot of the fallout around these collapses has impacted tens of thousands, millions of people, a lot of the fallout around the harmed reputations of some of these exchanges and the way that that's had impact on the industry, generally speaking, shouldn't necessarily result in the baby being thrown out. The mixed metaphor there, the baby being thrown out with the bathwater, there's still a lot of good that is coming from. There's a lot of lessons learned. Crypto is open source. While these centralized exchanges may or may not have a certain future, especially as regulations change, the underlying software, the technology, is going to continue to evolve the way that people are using it, is reacting to these stories both at finance, FTX and elsewhere around the world.
Speaker E: Hey, everyone, we're going to take a quick pause and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker B: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless 30 30 bid to get 30 bid to get 20. 2020 they get 15, 1515, just $15 a month.
Speaker A: So give it a try at Mint.
Speaker C: Mobile.Com switch, $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for a limited time unlimited. More than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker E: Yeah, two points. So that letter is dated March 1, 2023. I'm looking at it right now from the three senators here in the United States, including Senator Elizabeth Warren, I believe. And the second point I wanted to make was, if you're interested in this story and the continued reporting that's being done, a story that I'm sure you readdez yesterday in the Wall Street Journal, Caitlin Ostroff and Patricia Kausman writing about their continued work researching binance us. We talked about it yesterday on the show. I don't want to extemporize on it. If you want to take a look at that, go take a look at yesterday's show. It's on YouTube. It's on the real vision platform. But we detailed some of their findings here yesterday on this show. I want to switch gears here a little bit to talk about something else that you were alluding to, which is the continued bullishness in the space. And this is an interesting story. The block reported this morning that Cathie Woods Ark Invest has purchased more shares of Coinbase and Robinhood. According to an emailed trade notification. Ark. It sends out their traded notifications, I believe on a daily basis, 47,568 shares of Coinbase have been added to Ark's flagship innovation, ETF. Additionally, 8031 shares of Coinbase were added to ARK's next generation Internet ETF. Ark also added just over a million Robin Hood shares to the same next generation Internet etfemen fund. Given current pricing, ARk's Coinbase purchases totaled roughly $3.4 million, while its Robinhood purchases total just a shade under 10 million. Cathy always seems bullish on these exponential trades. What do you make of Ark's investments? Do you see there's a wider signal for the market at large? And how does it sort of stitch in with your thesis about the broader potential of this space?
Speaker F: Michael, fabulous question. I kind of alluded to this earlier, so I wrote my first bitcoin article in October 2011, went full time in 2015. Loved covering the most cutting edge, experimental, risky technology that had not been properly due diligence, that had not been properly tested, but had immense promise. Over the years, I have started to seek out institutional adoption. I have started to seek out companies that file documents for their investors and the general public as a sort of index of where the rubber hits the road, so to speak. We every year at Forbes publish the blockchain 50, the list of what we call billion dollar companies that are taking any application of blockchain seriously, including cryptocurrency. It's sort of a bellwether of institutional and enterprise adoption. Both Robinhood and Coinbase are on that list, which just published about six weeks ago. The reason why we put Robinhood and Coinbase on this? Well, there's a lot of reasons, but they are striving aggressively for regulatory compliance. They have incredibly high standards of due diligence relative to a lot of other cryptocurrency companies out there. Robinhood obviously isn't just a cryptocurrency company. Their transparency is almost not comparable. So I don't want to speak on behalf of Kathy's perspective or thesis here, but to your point, she is a longtime supporter of these stocks. She kind of has gone in and out over the years, but I think generally has been optimistic. And what we see is a movement to regulatory compliance, a movement to transparency, a movement to playing by the rules. There is certainly an equal, opposite reaction away from that in the fallout of FTX and the domino effect of bankruptcies surrounding that, we've seen a movement of people that are fed up with centralization. We've seen a movement of assets, decentralized exchanges, we've seen a movement of self custody. People that are just tired of trying to monetize the micro movements and they're just holding onto it on their own devices. But we've also seen another move towards compliance. One way or another, people are fed up with seeing billions of dollars evaporate. And I think that places like Coinbase and Robinhood are seen as a safer alternative to that. Now, there's no guarantee publicly traded companies go bankrupt all the time, but I think the difference there is that the surprises around the publicly traded companies struggles or successes are much less. You're not going to go from being an industry's white knight, you're not going to go from being an industries leader to bankrupt overnight in a publicly traded world as much as you do in the sort of shadows of these centralized crypto exchanges.
Speaker E: Yeah, very well said, Michael. You're one of the few guests that I would throw this question out to. What else is on your mind? What else are you looking at? What else does MDC think people need to know?
Speaker F: Mike, there's a couple technological developments that I'm really interested in. The first is a number of breakthroughs in the non fungible token space. Please do not interpret what I'm saying as an endorsement of non fungible tokens or the application, generally speaking, especially as relates to jpegs on a blockchain. But I do think the idea of being able to prove that a digital, that a unique digital asset has not been copied is going to have applications for generations to come. And one of the biggest weaknesses of nfTs, up until very, very recently, has been that the actual asset itself, usually JPEG images, usually works of art, but occasionally deeds to properties and other unique and rare assets, has not actually been on the blockchain. It's been stored in third party databases. Hopefully decentralized interplanetary file system jumps out.
Speaker E: Essentially it's just a pointer that says, hey, go look over there for the asset. Ipfs being one example of a decentralized solution where they've been served, but not.
Speaker F: People that aren't in crypto were not as willing to be forgiving of that, that weakness. People in crypto were like, yeah, okay, but like, still, if anybody wanted me to prove that I owned this thing over here. I've got the hash here, and that's still cool, even if the actual asset doesn't move with the hash. And that started to change at the end of last year with the launch of ordinals. This is a bitcoin project that was.
Speaker E: Founded, a very controversial bitcoin project. We should very particularly to bitcoiners who see this as just clogging block space.
Speaker F: Bitcoiners don't like it. The creator who identifies as a bitcoiner was really fed up with the workarounds and the hacks that NFT owners on competing blockchains were being asked to do with these nfts. And he came up with a better solution. He, I think, gets a lot of credit for making an actual technological breakthrough, figuring out a way to embed the asset itself directly in the blockchain. No pointing, no third party. Very, very cool development there. And again, right now it's more focused on images, but imagine the other kinds of digital objects that could be embedded in a public blockchain like bitcoin. Now, to your point, it's been very controversial. The people that like it like the pure innovation for its own sake, they may be into the fact that there's been unused block space in a lot of bitcoin blocks. Something like this could help ensure that there is increased efficiency in the fact that every space in a block is 100% used. And there's been talk about the end of the waiting process. Sorry, the end of an open line. The mempool, where these transactions wait to be closed may never be empty again.
Speaker E: By the way, for those who are not so technically inclined, the mempool is the place where unclear transactions that haven't yet been added to the blockchain go and sit. That's where they're aggregated. That's where they're then harvested and put onto the blockchain as finished transactions.
Speaker F: And since the launch of these ordinals, we've seen that, at least the last time I looked, that mempool had not been empty. There's been basically a queue to get a transaction settled. If you want to see bitcoin as just a monetary asset, as a substitute for money, you might find that really, really frustrating. But again, this is open source. Technology problems are only there so long as a developer figures out a way to solve them. So I think that the net effect of something like this launching into a essentially permissionless world, is going to be even more innovation to solve the problem. If there is one. But I want to point out, I actually think that's part of a trend that is really getting overlooked in my reporting. For a recent profile I did on Reddit, co founder Alexis Ohanian, I was interviewing the co founder of one of his portfolio companies, Proof XYZ. Proof XYZ has actually accomplished a very, very similar thing on the Ethereum blockchain where they are now. They're not talking about assets that are, sorry, nfts that are on chain, which is the common nomenclature. They're talking about nfts that are in chain. And they have accomplished using a totally different method, a way of doing something very, very similar, which is to say, removing the need to store digital assets off on third party exchange or third party platforms that then point to them on the public blockchain. Last but not least, Monday I had Juan Benet, the CEO and co founder of Protocol Labs, the creator of the Filecoin, cryptocurrency and ipfs in our offices, to interview him for a soon to be launched show that we're doing. And he talked about the fact that protocol labs has also solved that problem. So we're looking at a world in the very near future where nfts are not going to be this thing that are as easy to make fun of from the outside, that sort of like arrow.
Speaker E: I have no doubt that people will find a way to make fun of them. But your point being, by the way, we could see this distinction between on chain, off chain, in chain begin to start to get very blurry as you start to see things like these distributed file systems, distributed cloud storage, ipfs and other systems that are working on it. But I think the one thing that you and I definitely agree on here is this idea that profile pix as a use case for nfts, or the tip of the tip of the iceberg, the scratch on the scratch of the surface for true digital scarcity. The ability to have these decentralized protocols where you can have essentially digital ownership of anything distributed all over the world, globally, I guess, interplanetary, to use the metaphor, from ipFs. But again, it's not just about profile picks. You could think about this from a securities perspective, the capacity to generate revenue streams in perpetuity. I mean, the use cases, the business cases for this are just fantastically interesting. Again, not an endorsement of any particular protocol or token or project, but just the idea of, if you're not excited about this technology, I just, I don't know what's going to get you out of bed in the morning.
Speaker F: I mean, I love pointing to the timeless 99 bitcoins record of the deaths of bitcoin. It's happened nearly 500 times that media outlets have declared bitcoin's death. In the time that since people first declared bitcoin's death, there's been dozens of upgrades, several major upgrades. The stuff people are doing with the blockchain itself, without actually doing upgrades, never ceases to amaze. It's just short sighted to call any open source software dead. As long as there's developers building, as long as there are problems to be solved and people that want to solve them, you really have to focus at what's happening at a lower level, what's happening underneath the technology, the ideas that are being experimented with. And I think non fungible tokens are an idea that are not going away. And the movement of these assets from third party distributed storage systems to on chain, it's just, I think eventually it will be considered a historic moment.
Speaker E: By the way, I'll throw this out here in acknowledgement of the great F. Scott Fitzgerald quote, that the test of a first rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposing ideas in the mind and still retain the ability to function. I'll say this, look, all this excitement, all this enthusiasm, none of this means that you can't buy a token the second this show ends at a local high and take an absolute bath on it. We have seen people lose, you know, buy at highs in the market because of the enthusiasm for the technology, and you wind up losing 90% of the value, you know, in some number of days, weeks, or months. That happens too. And that's what makes this space so I think, interesting and exciting. You have the price action on one hand, which is totally unpredictable, at least to me. I'm not smart enough to take the on chain analytics or the price data and come up with a cogent thesis for where prices are going in the future. But simultaneously, you see just the clear underlying use cases for these technologies being so incredibly exciting. And that's where we find ourselves. It's a wild space, right?
Speaker F: Yeah. Don't ever confuse my enthusiasm for a good story with investment advice. I feel so unbelievably lucky that I get to write about this brave new world of financial technology, rapidly becoming artistic technology, real estate technology, et cetera. But it's really just a great story for me. And definitely do your own research before you make any movements.
Speaker E: Yes, obviously. And very well said and cogently stated. Michael, looks like we got a lot of questions pouring in from our viewers. I'd love to get some of these to you. The first one comes to us from Gary Winters. This comes to us from the real Vision website or the Discord channel. On the pro side, I'm not sure which can. Michael, talk to Binance affiliate Voyager customer accounts, takeover, court approval. There's a little bit of background context on Gary's question here. This is a case that's currently happening right now in bankruptcy court. Binance us is attempting to acquire some of the assets of Voyager. That is obviously something that's a bit controversial. I believe we had SEC file a claim or as a motion stating that they believe that Binance us. Again, I'm not an attorney. I'm just giving you the story, as I recall it, that Binance us is operating as an unregistered currency exchange or crypto exchange or exchange of securities here in the United States. Again, according to an SEC motion. I don't want to make this assertion on my own behalf. This is what the SEC has asserted in that motion, and that's currently going through the court's bankruptcy court judge. Yesterday, I believe, in a written statement, said, in essence, that this case has to move forward. We don't have time to kind of adjudicate all of these regulatory issues. Michael, do you have any thoughts on this? Is this something that you're following a.
Speaker F: Bit, yeah, I do think it's important. A couple of things I want to focus on. First of all, regulators job, as I understand them, is to protect investors. Also, as I understand the Voyager deal, it would Voyager deal with binance, it would help protect a lot of investors in a way that does not require government intervention, in a way that does not require regulatory intervention and would help mitigate a whole lot of harm that has already happened and in some cases, maybe even undo some of that harm. So from that perspective alone, I'm sort of happy to see that it appears the courts are going to let the laws as they interpret them go forward and be applied. Now, there's still no guarantee that the deal will go through, and there could still be some regulatory obstacles that keep this from happening in the 11th hour. But it's nice to see at least the chance for something like this happening. There's very few people that I've heard of on the Voyager side of things, on the binance side of things that don't want to see this happen. It kind of feels like protection for protection's sake, and that maybe it would be best to just kind of let something like this play out. Now, there's certainly some bigger pictures at play, like what is binance doing with the money? What is finance letting happen on is on its exchange. What sort of certainty do regulators have about what's happening on those exchanges? Who is doing them and for what reasons? So there are other motives at stake here, bigger than just making Voyager whole and making binance happy. But I think it'll be good to see at least that deal get to make a couple more steps forward and maybe us learn a little bit more about some of those other bigger questions before the regulator kind of just comes in and kills it out of the gate.
Speaker E: Hey, everyone, we're going to take another quick break and hear a word from our partners. We'll be right back to the real vision crypto daily briefing.
Speaker G: This podcast is sponsored by Ramp. Are you the decision maker in your company? Consider this. For the first time in decades, there's a better option for a corporate card and spend management platform. Meet Ramp, the only corporate card and spend management system designed to help you spend less money so you can make more. With Ramp, you get full visibility into your company's spending and control who spends what with each vendor. Ramp's software collects and verifies receipts instantly. To save your team valuable time. Ramp automates data entry and routine tasks with automated approvals, expense categorization, and bill payments. Time consuming tasks, which means you'll stop wasteful spending and close your books in hours instead of days. Businesses that use ramp add up to 5% to their bottom line the first year. If you're a decision maker, adding ramp could be one of the best decisions you've ever made. Get $250 when you join ramp for free. Just go to ramp.com easy. Ramp.com easy.
Speaker F: Cards issued by Sutton bank and celtic bank members of the IC. Terms and conditions apply.
Speaker E: Mike, I got one follow up for you on this question. I've got one more question that I want to do. So this is my understanding of the way this works. Obviously, it's very complicated and it's very challenging to talk about. But basically what you have is you have the US Congress, which writes the federal us code. They write the laws here in the United States. Then you have regulators who essentially act on behalf of the government in an independent fashion, independent of the current administration, meaning the executive branch, although they are appointed the chair of the SEC, for example, is appointed by the president. They take action when they feel that federal law has been violated. They then sue in federal court to have the us court system, the federal court system, adjudicate these claims. And now we have this side case in a bankruptcy court in the United States, which has bearing on this regulatory process. I mean, what this really all comes down to, Michael, tell me if I'm wrong here. We have 90 year old securities laws in this country. None of this is anticipated to have digital assets be at the center of these cases. And everybody is struggling to figure that out, because ultimately it's Congress that needs to take action here to figure out how the law should be written.
Speaker F: Great points. Very well said. I love perhaps the intentional demonstration of the complexity, and as some people might see it, the unnecessary complexity. I do think it's really important here. You know, we're talking about the difference between something that might be deemed illegal and something that might be deemed not compliant with regulations. And those are two very different things. Somebody can get in trouble with a regulator without actually breaking any law. Somebody can actually break the law without getting in any trouble with the regulator.
Speaker E: In fact, these regulators, sEc, for example, only file civil actions. They then refer to DoJ, Department of Justice. If there is a criminal action that then has to be followed up on, boy, we could go down the rabbit hole on this for a while.
Speaker F: When you have a judge kind of weigh in on something like this, what they're really just saying is that from a legal perspective, let's let this play out. That still doesn't mean that there might be, like I said, something at the 11th hour that comes in and changes things. But what I want to really focus in on is that 90 year old law that you're talking about there, because even in the fallout around the FTX domino effect and the billions of dollars that erased, the trillions of dollars in market value that have disappeared, we've seen a tightening of regulations around the world, but almost always in the form of increased clarity and new regulations. Europe is actually just about a year away from enacting its own new crypto regulation called mica, which we shouldn't get into any details on that. I know from firsthand experience, from reporting that you will be see coming out in the coming days that banks in Europe are doing really cool stuff with crypto because of the increased clarity and the new regulations. Now, what's happening in the United States, I don't want to talk about if the regulators are being earnest when they talk about wanting to protect their constituents best interests, making sure they're not being taken advantage of all of that. Whatever. We'll deal with that later. They are applying 90 year old regulation. Yeah.
Speaker E: Principally the 19, the securities act of 1933, and the securities Exchange act. Of 1934, almost exactly 90 years old. And I love that you're teasing new reporting coming out on Mica, the Markets and Crypto Assets act, that's currently happening in Europe. I got one more.
Speaker F: One last thing. I'm so sorry. As the United States is closing up shop and putting the fear of God into its financial institutions, there's some amazing stuff happening in Europe. And if, as a storyteller, that's where I'm going to be paying attention. We'll leave the investors to decide what they do with their money.
Speaker E: And by the way, this has real implications for global competitiveness here in the United States. It would really be a shame if we saw all the places that Silicon Valley has historically led the world moving offshore somewhere else. I got to ask this question, which is in some ways tied to precisely this point. This comes to us from YouTube. From wrong again. What is Michael's opinion regarding the multiple denials by the SEC of a BTC ETF, bitcoin ETF? Why are futures okay but not spot fair or capricious action by SEC? A little bit of a leading question for you, but it's a good one.
Speaker F: I got to think about that. It's incredibly frustrating as a storyteller that we don't have a bitcoin ETF in the United States. I think that getting that sort of formal recognition, getting that sort of blessing on what is essentially a new asset for the largest economy in the world would spawn so much innovation. Not all innovation is good for a nation's interest. Not all innovation is bad for a nation's interest. I completely understand some of the concerns around the United States giving too much leeway to this technology that some people still find very scary. Let's not forget the fact that even as the United States is occasionally being painted as old fashioned and stodgy, China has completely killed it, has completely ended it. It's not that they're not giving blessings of new, innovative stuff. They've completely stopped. And any innovation using distributed ledger technology that cannot be shut off by the chinese government.
Speaker E: Hey, and on the flip side, you and I are both old enough to remember what happened in Iceland during the global financial crisis. This idea that innovation is always good. You can saw this massively hypertrophy financial services system caused chaos throughout the country during the collapse. But to your point, obviously, this is a balancing act here, and it's one that we'd, I think, both reasonable to say, like to see happen onshore in the US rather than somewhere else in the world.
Speaker F: There are so many bitcoin ETF's out there in developed nations, in nations that the United States government and regulators probably thinks of as peers. The claim that there's not enough information out there, the claim that there's not enough certainty out there, is just disingenuous to me. Now, what might be the real motives? I don't want to speculate on, but I do think that the industry has moved past a regulator being able to claim there's not enough data, by the.
Speaker E: Way, for people who are just following this casually, who are saying, of course, they're bitcoin ETF's in the United States. These are bitcoin futures ETF's. That was the spirit of the question, rather than bitcoin spot ETF's. Arguably, a far less efficient way of doing this is through futures for a whole series of very technical reasons that we don't have time to get into here. Michael, fantastic, man. I love having you on the show. Dude. You got to come on and do this with us more often.
Speaker F: Ash, it was a real pleasure. Like I said, it's fun to look at you face to face again after so much time sitting shoulder to shoulder.
Speaker E: You know, the last time I ran into you, I literally stumbled into an outdoor book party, I think, in the east Village that you were at right after the COVID epidemic. I think that was the last time I saw you in person.
Speaker F: Yeah, we can talk about my literary endeavors in another day.
Speaker E: We'll talk about them on the next show. Hey, listen, Michael, before you go, final thoughts. Key takeaways that you'd like to leave our viewers with. We covered a tremendous amount of material here.
Speaker F: Yeah. For me, key takeaway is my constant drumbeat that I'm just telling everybody, which is that open source is a living thing. The technology on which all of these assets is built evolves. It changes. The people behind it are reacting to the same problems that you're seeing in headlines around the world, in reports around the world. And if the resources of a group of developers behind an open resource project determine that a problem is worth solving, it will be solved. And so while it's please don't conflate that with fear of missing out, please don't conflate that with, like, buy, because the problems are all solvable. But just, like, be patient with this technology. I'm actually glad to hear reporters and people speaking to the press have stopped saying it's early days. It's not early days, guys. We're coming up on 15 years of bitcoin, and sure, it might be early days considering the Internet took 50 years to get on two legs. But, like, it's a mature space. The fact is that 1000 years from now it will still be maturing because the technology is moving as fast as the developers can build solutions. Yeah.
Speaker E: You know, Dan Moorhead often points out over Pantera Capital says it took us 25 years just to get to a web browser in the Internet. Going back to the ARPANeT days of the late 1960s before we even got to a browser. Boy, Michael, you couldn't have sum that up better. I mean, that's just such an elegant statement about the real driver for what's happening in the space, which is this open source development effort that we see out there. So much enthusiasm obviously, in the open source community for this technology. I think it's fantastic. A great way to close out the show. Thanks so much for joining us. I hope you can come back again and do this soon. This was so much fun.
Speaker F: Thank you for the opportunity. Ash. It was really good to see you.
Speaker E: Well, we're going to have to do this again soon. Michael del Castillo, thanks once again for joining us. That's it for today. Leah Walden and Josh Ozekowitz from Valkyrie will be joining us tomorrow. Hey, make sure you check out real vision.com as well. We have an important two part series called how to unfuck your future. It features some of the most visionary thinkers and investors we know. As we mentioned previously, this week we'll be exploring all the ways in which we're all f, featuring Raoul pal, Dario Perkins, Frederick Niebrand, Peter Zahan and Alex Gurivich. In week two, we thankfully move on to the solutions. We'll leave you with a trailer. See you again tomorrow at 09:00 a.m. pacific noon Eastern, 05:00 p.m. london time. Live on real vision crypto daily briefing. Have a great afternoon, everybody.
Speaker H: If we want to change the outcomes for this really screwed up world where our wages don't go up, where we're being replaced by technology, where governments are massively in debt and we foot the bill via taxes, where we see debasement of assets that we can't afford to afford as many assets as we like, so the rich get richer, the poor get poorer. If we don't like to see the rise of populism based on this broken society because the promises of the future have been broken, let's make our promises to our future selves come right. And that's by unf your future. Some of this is going to really f your future in 20 or 30 years time. But we've got time to figure that out because it's unstoppable.
