Speaker A: Bankless nation. Happy Friday. We got an unscripted conversation coming at you live. Me and Mike Ibalido are just gonna go at it. Whenever we talk a bunch in real life, it's always super. I always learn a ton from Mike at Bolido, and so I'm going to do that again today, but this time live on the stream. So we're going to get into that conversation. But first, I'm going to talk about some of these fantastic sponsors that make this show possible. How's it going, Mike? How you doing?
Speaker B: Doing very well, man. Doing very well. No complaints. Almost end of the week. What about you? Yeah, we never have.
Speaker A: We never ever talk. Like, what's up with that? The joke is we actually, we talk quite often, but we never get to talk, I think open ended.
Speaker B: That's very true.
Speaker A: When we do, it's usually in some sort of like, crowded, loud environment and not as productive as it could be. So I hope. I hope we can kind of change the game a little bit with what we talked about today.
Speaker B: Yeah, I agree. Well, where do you want to start first? I mean, it's been an interesting week.
Speaker A: It's been an interesting week. It's been an interesting quarter. I think things are crescendoing in their interests. Maybe we could start just as where we left off when we had you on the podcast, like half a year ago now, and you had, I think, one of the most banger podcasts that we had in a while. Really just talking about the Solana thesis, the ethereum thesis, the cosmos thesis, and how they're all kind of like representative of different points to enter into becoming a blockchain, and how you were saying, like, everything is kind of converging. That was like banger episode, everyone loved it. And I'm just wondering, like, that was six months ago. There's a lot of stuff that has happened since then. Maybe that can just present that to you and see where you want to go with it.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think since then we've started to see even more convergence. And I. One of the. There's actually a great. This is basically anything that Vitalik writes is gold, right? But he's got this great, very nicely summed up, very nicely summed up diagram, which is basically three different ways that blockchains are evolving, and the common component of that is centralized block production, but decentralized proofs and verification. And there are three different ways that that's playing out across whole bunch of different ecosystems right now. So lets take two of these examples, which would be Ethereum where theres Ethereum and there are centralized builders and a couple of different rollups, or there are maybe lets call it one large roll up where theres one centralized sequencer thats doing a lot of the block construction up there. Or theres many different roll ups, which is what were seeing now. But MEV is ultimately what ends up recentralizing that block production because you have MeV that gets extracted with very expensive proposition to build blocks across all these different fragmented roll ups, that requires a big centralized builder to stand the way. And then on the Solana side of things, this would be the high TPS chain, which is the third leg of that stool. You've got obviously higher bandwidth and hardware requirements for validators. But you actually saw, this was pretty cool from sovereign labs. You saw the very beginnings of a, of a light client over there, an SPV type light client. And we know we're going to get tiny dancer on the Solana side of things. So I think that Vitalik, as per usual, said it much better than I ever could in a million years. But additionally, like we just saw Polygon release something pretty cool this week called the AG layer, which is this, we've been talking a little bit about aggregated ZK proofs, which do something very similar. Celestia, which to be honest at the time I didn't really get too deep on the design, is also very similar kind of big blocks, a few chunky validators, but they've got these light nodes which verify and have special powers than the chain. So I think if anything, it's, it's pretty live and well.
Speaker A: So I think like the before bankless, I did this podcast with my old buddy uh, christian caroles, who then went on to work at bitcoin media. And my, my arc in that role was like the everything guy. So I, I'm all the chains, the multilayer ones, the, the cosmos, the interoperability, uh, the bridges, uh, and then he was bitcoin. He was the bitcoiner. And then slowly over time, I kind of morphed my thinking, my, like my, like, uh, just like ideas for how this base would converge. And then I converged into the ethereum, uh, camp and then became like a bitcoin versus ethereum podcast. And now I'm kind of like going back a little bit the other way where just like you're seeing the writing on the wall, like, solana's not going away. There's so, there's always so much excitement on, like newer change, no matter what era you're in. Like right now, Celestia is super hyped and actually getting real, real adoption. Monad isn't even live yet, and people love it already. There's always going to be the move towards just like newer chains. I think people are always going to enjoy new chains. And so I'm kind of like waving the flag on just like one central chains that will gobble up everything, even though I do think that there are forces that push towards that direction, and there always will be. But there's also like push forces that push away from that direction. And there likely always will be, because we've definitely seen that over the last, like, you know, eight years in crypto.
Speaker B: So, David, what do you think? If you had to outline, what do you think the forces that push us towards that direction of one chain to rule them all? And what are the forces that disperse us from that consequence?
Speaker A: Well, I think the very, very simple one is like the bigger that the, the top dog chain is, like the one chain to rule them all. The bigger that that one is, the stronger of an incentive there is to fork off from that chain and try and build a new one. A better, like a better bitcoin. Build a better bitcoin, like an ethereum killer. So, like, there's like this natural equilibrium that is set in between. Like, it doesn't matter how successful you are, the larger, the more successful you become, the stronger the incentive it is to be to dethrone you. And then you get into like, the VC's playing like the alt layer one games, which, you know, retail also loves. Retail loves that game too. And so, like, there is. I don't know if there's ever. And then also, like, there, there was that meme that John Charbonneau tweeted out that I think you retweeted maybe. And it was like, generalized chain wants to become more specific. More specific, or app app wants more sovereignty. So it becomes an app chain on a generalized chain. And then app wants more features, becomes more generalized. A new app comes and is born on that slightly more generalized chain. And then now that app wants more sovereignty, so it makes an app chain. And there's like a cycle. There's always just like, you can't have too much of anything because there will always be some sort of opposing force to check on that. And so that's kind of what I'm saying. I'm just ready for the new crop of layer one. So gain of attention in this bull market, and the cycle repeats.
Speaker B: I'm with you. Another way of saying that VC's and retail love new layer ones is entrepreneurs love it, too. That is, I think, the single driving force, which is just that entrepreneur sees inevitably with these. But blockchain architectures, you have to make trade offs. And there's always, like, one smart person who's like, I don't really like that you made this trade off. I actually think there's a market for someone who made the opposite side of this trade off, and then they go do that. So every experiment ultimately ends up getting run. And again, I think that's. I think that's a positive thing, but that's a. That's a funny meme, because I think also one thing that might be changing at least my worldview about how I used to think about things, I used to think about the world. Very black and white between general block space versus app specific. So, like, general is like Ethereum, right? Like, you can do anything you want. It's the world computer. And then osmosis is an example of an app specific chain. It just wants to be a Dex. That's what its block space is optimized for. But it's kind of converging in both directions. And even the general blockchains, like Ethereum's roadmap now looks like the main chain is a bulletin proof or a bulletin board for ZK proofs, and it's exporting money, and it's like, well, bitcoin kind of started general, but now it's the app chain for money. Ethereum looks like it's heading in that direction. So Ethereum is specializing, but then some of those Dex is like osmosis. Like, hey, yeah, we've got a Dex, but you should come build a Dex on our decks and say, like, yeah, we're actually, you know, we're building, you know, sector specific block space. So all of our validators have to run their own order matching engines. Like, you know, we're kind of converging on it, probably both sides that, you know, once you have an app that reaches some amount of product market fit, you want to expand. But the big, really general ones are like, actually, the world is just too big. We need to specify. So we're kind of converging there as well, I'd say. Are you.
Speaker A: Are you saying that there's no such thing as actually truly general block space?
Speaker B: I think, yeah, I think I'm landing on that. I don't think. I think it might be a myth similar to bridging.
Speaker A: Okay, so. But Ethereum at block, at the Genesis block in 2015, and then before it became, had any sort of like actual real, uh, applications on it. That was general blast, right?
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Unmorphed and then had to specialize at some point.
Speaker A: And then had to specialize. Yeah. But is Ethereum specializing now? I guess now it will still be pretty general, um, until Deng kun. And that is the first intra instance of Ethereum specializing with blob space. Right. Like, it's still pretty general up until that point. It's just like the apps have started to force it into being more dedicated towards specific reasons, but not anything inherently at the base protocol.
Speaker B: I think ultimately every, even like Solana, which is the, you know, it's the light speed, it's the world, it's consensus of the speed of Nasdaq, global, all that stuff, it's probably going to have to end up specializing. I'm not technical enough to be like at this level of throughput, this many transactions, this globally distributed, is when you'd have to start specializing. But I sort of do trust the modular camp that eventually, not the entire Internet can sit on one layer with one set of validators. Ultimately you're going to need to start specializing. So I think it's coming for Ethereum and Solana, and not in a bad way. It's just, hey, we have product market fit on these certain things. We should double down on this and really expand.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think we just did this super long podcast with Mike Nooter and Domothy, 2 hours, 45 minutes around on the Ethereum roadmap. And that's kind of like when like, once again it was impressed upon me that the long term conclusion of Ethereum is this like, super lightweight layer, one blockchain that just receives and verifies proofs of what could be anything at higher levels. And then that's also what the bitcoiners want bitcoin to be like. That is if you're a bitcoin builder, if you're a bitcoin renaissance, not a bitcoin maxi, then like, you're really interested in bitcoin being like the truth layer for any sort of expressive alternative layers. They've just never been able to figure out how to get bitcoin to become that. But that is what bitcoin wants to be according to them. Um, and the thing is, like, if bitcoin achieves that, like, there's a lot of focus on the bit VM right now. Uh, if bitcoin achieves that, then, like, it's actually achieved that faster than Ethereum did and without all of the like, technical debt that Ethereum has, which is just kind of funny.
Speaker B: It would, it would be hysterical if they wound up doing basically the same thing. But I also think here's a challenge, or here's just something I've been trying to think through when it comes to bitcoin. You let me know. So the great thing about Ethereum from a monetary standpoint is it's this very large, very liquid asset. And people historically want to do things with that asset. It has this culture of like, hey, I have my ethereum, then I buy an NFT, or I deposit into this defi protocol, or I'm going to restake it and loop up. Probably not financial advice, maybe don't do that so much. But still, there's this culture of, like, once you have this crypto native capital, ethereums tend to want to unlock that capital, whereas that's much less proven out in the world of bitcoin. Bitcoin is the largest. Bitcoin is the largest form or pool of crypto native capital. But, and there, there was early product market fit through blockfi. Like you saw, bitcoiners wanted to earn yield on their bitcoin. There is a culture there of not wanting to do things. Like, the culture in bitcoin is like, I bury this shit deep in cold storage, you know?
Speaker A: Right?
Speaker B: It's like arctic tundra cold storage. So I. How much of that unlocks into these new cool use cases on drive teens that. I have no idea. I have no idea. And that's the big question.
Speaker A: Okay, yeah, I think I have some sort of, like, not answer, but just like, I think why there is that culture in bitcoin is because they haven't been given the tools to express themselves in their desire for more productive asset in bitcoin. And so, like, all of the people who are like, I'm going to dig a five foot hole inside my backyard and bury my bitcoins in it and not touch it. Those people have all of the tools to, like, broadcast their culture and their preferences because bitcoin hasn't been expressive. But now we actually have, like, ordinals as a tool for bitcoin to be like, no, I want to play with my bitcoin. And there's actually been a bunch of deals that we're looking at, the bankless ventures. Do you actually know that? Who's the largest custodian of bitcoin? Like, who's got all the bitcoin binance? Because people just trust binance with their bitcoins binance custody. And so there are deals who are working inside of this realm of just like, actually there's a lot of bitcoiners who have given up their private keys because that's whatever. And so they're trying to build, like, utility around that whole part of the world. And so I think once bitcoiners have, like, the tools to be degens, then they will become degens.
Speaker B: I think so, too. So one of my we going into this year prediction episode, one of my highest convictions bets was actually bitcoin jpegs for exactly this reason. So I've been cheering on just because when CeFi blew up, it eliminated the tools for bitcoiners to do anything with their bitcoin. Right. But I think basically blockfi and Celsius was proof positive that people do, bitcoiners do actually want to earn yield on their bitcoin, do fund things. I just don't know enough about the limitations of building on bitcoin to know if bitcoin still, those blocks are tiny and there are ten minute block times, not 12 seconds. Like, the twelve second block times are tough enough in Ethereum. Like, I just don't have a good enough sense about what the actual technical limitations are of that. But jpegs are just so easy. It's like, yeah, I want to buy this monkey JPEg. This looks cool.
Speaker A: It is kind of funny how fast JPEG culture got inception into bitcoin. I feel like they have a bigger JPEg culture than Ethereum does these days.
Speaker B: They do. And low key magic Eden, they pivoted away from Solana, but they basically own. They have super dominant market share there. If you want to trade a bitcoin JPEG, you basically go to magic Eden. So props to them for doing that. What do you think, David, about there have been a lot of hot takes on the death of the 10,000 PFP collection. What do you think about that?
Speaker A: The death of the 10,000 pfp collection? What was the last 10,000 pFP collection to really come out?
Speaker B: Well, I guess you had, like, mad lads. I don't know if it was actually 10,000, but that was some mad lads was.
Speaker A: Yeah, it counts, right? Mad lads was like a year ago.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: There's like, there's like the Brian Armstrong one on base, but that's never really exploded beyond base.
Speaker B: Right, I agree. Yeah. I wouldn't count that. I mean, in Solana there have been a couple. There have been tensorians I would put in there as well. There was a bitcoin. I don't know how many there? There are, but there's node monkeys, and there's, there's also. There's the bitcoin wizards, right?
Speaker A: And then quantum cats was like the new one, which minted out 0.1 bitcoins. And our got up to, like, I haven't checked the price in the last, like, week or so, but, like, the last I checked, it was like, 0.27 bitcoins.
Speaker B: That's what node monkeys was trading at. I was like, I just can't make myself do that.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's too high.
Speaker B: That's too high. Yeah. So, but what do you think about that as a concept? Because, you know, the. If you were against that concept, you'd say this was ridiculous. These JPegs aren't worth very much, and there's no reason they ever should have traded at that valuation. But I think there's maybe another case there, too.
Speaker A: I mean, in a digital world, I've always thought, like, the PFP like, utility on your profile has immense utility. Like, me too, to the point where I'm, like, meeting people at a conference and I'm, like, trying to get a grapple, like, a grasp on who they are. And then they showed me their twitter and I recognize immediately their PFP. And, oh, that hasn't seemed to be, like, taken up lately. I think people care a lot less about that now, and people are just ignoring that aspect. But that was, like, the big thing last cycle, and I don't know why that would, like, go away. It didn't seem like a flash in the pan.
Speaker B: They've got built in distribution. There's a guy named Scott Galloway who's kind of this talking head, but he also, he's pretty good on brand, not so great on crypto, but he's really good on brand. And he talks about basically every, all the great products out there. They end up applying, they tap into this very primal human desire. So it could be like sexual fitness, it could be survival and security, whatever. And pfps kind of have that. It's a flex, right? Like, some people just don't get that.
Speaker A: And some people have a fucking crypto punk right here, baby.
Speaker B: There you go. Yeah, I've been saying for months that I'm going to get, get art here and hang it up, but I haven't done it yet. But every time I go over to your place, I'm like, yeah, I actually got to do this. But, yeah, I think it's a. I mean, it definitely taps into that. The other thing, they have really native built in distribution, like, better native virality than maybe any other product that exists. And here's an interesting thing that started to happen as well, is have you been noticing that these PFP collections, like bad kids or pudgies are getting airdrops?
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Certainly pudgies would love to tell you all about the airdrops that they're getting, but that can't be, there's limited ammo there, right?
Speaker B: So let me just, so here's why it makes sense from the perspective of protocol. That's airdropping. Imagine you are about to launch your protocol and what you want to do is you might have multiple different objectives, right? Like Starkware is pretty interesting. They wanted to do, they want to bring, they want to reward their early users, they want to attract new users. They want to reward and continue to incentivize the developer community. They want to transition some people who are staking on ETH to be like restaked operators on Eigen layer so they have all these objectives. The problem is siblers, that's the big thing. You don't want just these industrial airdrop farmers to come in and take everything. So NFTs communities are this really interesting intersection of both those things where they're sibled, right? So you're not going to be dumping that to airdrop farmers and they're wealthy new community members, right? Like if you have the floor of Pudgy's like $50,000. So if you're dropping to the Pudgy community, you know, if you get even a really low conversion rate, that's probably worth it. You know, you've probably got acquired some really high value customers. So I feel like we're a couple months out from all these threads being like, I paid for my pudgy with XYz airdrops and. Yeah, so I could see that being a huge, and there's going to be a million airdrops this year as well.
Speaker A: So, yeah, there are going to be a million airdrops. It's actually kind of nuts. Um, but, okay, but Pudgy's got like two airdrops though. Like, I don't know if we have enough data to say that this is, this is, maybe you're just saying is does data doesn't matter. This is just what makes sense to you.
Speaker B: This is what makes sense to me, I think.
Speaker A: Yeah, but like pudgies are just so far away from just like Starknet.
Speaker B: Yeah, I, so Starknet, Starknet didn't do this. But like dimension, like the dimension air drop. The dimension airdrop got targeted pudgies and bad kids and some of the other NFT questions I've already.
Speaker A: Did you know about dimension before? It's airdrop.
Speaker B: I had heard of it, but I couldn't have articulated what it did because.
Speaker A: There are these tokens that are getting airdropped, and all of a sudden, these protocols are, like, between, like, two and $10 billion that I've never heard of before.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm on this page for the. Dude, if you have a logical explanation for why dimension is trading where it's trading, I would.
Speaker A: No clue, dude. It's just like, I lost my, like, well, I need to go find it. It's somewhere. I sent it to an address. I need to go find which address, but I haven't been able to actually, like, sell my dym. That's what I've heard is, like, people just, like, can't figure out how to actually sell the tokens, but it's not the only one. Right? Like, alt layer also drops into some sort of insane valuation, and I don't think anyone heard of it, like, a month prior.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, even the FDV of Starknet is. I mean, Starknet's obviously a super credible, very attractive project, but, like, that's super high. I mean, these are. Some of these are great projects, but even, like, Jitto and Jupiter, like, great projects, you know, but they're launching a multi billion dollar fdvs. Crazy. And I know people say that at this point, FTV is a meme in the cycle, and then people don't care until they do. But I think people watch ftbs.
Speaker A: I look at FTV exclusively, and I. Sometimes I feel like an asshole for doing that because everyone says that FTD is a meme, but I'm like, what is the most rational number that exists?
Speaker B: Yeah, well, here's the other. I mean, the other.
Speaker A: I'd love to get Vance's take on that. Can you. Next time you have a podcast with Vance, can you ask him about that?
Speaker B: Yeah, actually, in one of the early Bell curve episodes, he was like, wait, what do you guys look at? Market cap or fDv? And we paused, and he was like, please, for the love of God, there's a right answer here. So I know he's on the FDB train, but, yeah, I don't really have a great explanation for it other than just, like, risk. There's just a. The market is just kind of risk on again.
Speaker A: Right? Yeah, that's. That's kind of like, yeah, people just are not hitting the sell button. People are hitting the buy button. Yeah.
Speaker B: No, and to be fair, I mean, maybe to assign, like, some amount of rational thinking to this. Like, are you selling anything right now?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay. So, like, the. The two airdrops that I got, which I'm big fans of, alt, layer, and dimension, both of them, I'm like, well, if I keep them, it might qualify me for a future airdrop if I don't sell.
Speaker B: So I'll sell market. Yeah, you probably just answered that question. So. Yeah. And just on the margin, people like, well, you know, I feel like everyone is in the same crypto. The total market cap right now is at, like, 2 trillion. Right. Bitcoin is 2020, 5% off its all time highs. I think most people have the same framework that we're going to slowly grind up from here, and then it really gets on. You know, the party really starts when we cross the all time high. So I guess, to answer my own question, why are you selling anything at the current moment? You probably, probably don't. And I. Everyone has these stories, too, right? Of, like, an airdrop that they flipped and, you know, they tweet out, oh, I would have had one and a half million dollars. So that's definitely the mindset that I have. I'm just holding on to everything for the most part right now. So.
Speaker A: Dude, I think everyone is trying to be Celestia right now ever. Like, there are future projects that are going to airdrop their tokens, and they're like, how do we airdrop our tokens at a low valuation so that it can pump for a long time afterwards? Like, how do we do that? I'm like, you guys can't force the market to do anything. But, like, the fact that Celestia dropped and it just rocketed and did a ten x to airdrop holders, kicking off, like, the bull market. Like, blowing up the whole, like, modular money meme into, like, this new mind share that everyone has and I. And then actually gaining adoption by some of the Ethereum roll ups, and it was airdropped to a bunch of, like, random people, and then it pumped ten x. That's like, the bar that everyone will remember that, that they're like that. This airdrop could be that. This airdrop could be that. And, like, the next year of airdrops, we're all going to hold our airdrops. Cause it could do a celestia.
Speaker B: But even when Celestia launched, I don't remember thinking, that's particularly cheap. You know, like, it was launched at a $2 billion FTV I was like, oh, it's like, a lot, you know, but it just rips, and it was.
Speaker A: Did not stop.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, celestial is a phenomenal project, and they deserve it. But, like, that. That initial price action was, I'm sure, massive for the general psychology product.
Speaker A: Right?
Speaker B: So. Yeah, right. But, you know, Celestia is also kind of, like. Celestia is also, you know, going back to this convergence thing. Know, bitcoin bulletin board, where you can poke, like, really small blocks, doesn't even support smart contracts. That's where Ethereum headed. That's what Celestia is doing as well. Celestia is actually really similar to bitcoin and its construction because it also. You can't. It doesn't support smart contracts at the, you know, at their layer. So, yeah, in a lot of ways, like, that's all. That's a super interesting ecosystem, I would say, as well.
Speaker A: Yeah. I have not yet been able to, like, categorize Celestia very well in my brain, like, in the big blocker category, but no virtual machine, so no settlement. I don't know how to think about Celestia.
Speaker B: Yeah. So the way that I think about Celestia is they have found a way to obviate a lot of the negative trade offs of what was this huge argument back in the day of the block science war. And there were two very different camps of thinking about blockchains, which is one you want to keep the. Ironically, actually, the small block camp is not the way that Satoshi thought about it. I know it's gotten a rebrand, but the original vision of the bitcoin white paper is digital peer to peer cash, which required scaling hardware. Eventually, you came to this disagreement about how big do we make the blocks? The miners wanted bigger blocks. The core devs did not want as big of blocks. And ultimately, bitcoin, I think, made the right decision and went the small block route. I think a lot of that design inspiration has found its way into ethereum, the ethereum way of thinking, as well as just the next large, successful blockchain post bitcoin. And I think Solana and Celestia had put in this camp of the Solana approach is that we're going to have larger validators. Now. They don't even really have a concept of block building. It's a continuous building, but it's basically like, allow for larger validators. Now, letheme, what's that law where Moore's law. Hardwick Moore's law to catch up on costs. And eventually we'll be able to decentralize that way. And Celestia has a different approach where they say, we're okay with big blocks. We actually are going to have fewer validators that are bigger and more expensive, still permissionless, but there's a barrier to entry. But what we have that the bitcoiners didn't have at that other time is these things called light nodes and this technology called data availability sampling. So what the light nodes do is they basically can call a check on the few chunkier nodes that are producing these very big, very cheap blocks to keep them honest, to talk about it at a very high level. So it's a cool, best of both worlds type thing. And that's the architecture.
Speaker A: Right. And it goes back to what you were saying about Vitalik's vision of just like big blocks being checked by small blocks, basically. Big block philosophy being checked by small block philosophy.
Speaker B: Exactly. Yeah. And I do think, honestly, Polygon has done a really good job of this. I'm not actually a huge fan of the ag layer branding, but I think they've kind of nailed it with that design.
Speaker A: Yeah, I actually have not looked into that. I think we might have a show scheduled or something like this. What is the ag layer?
Speaker B: Brandon is the guy.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Basically the idea, like my brain breaks around ZK proofs that moon math is just beyond left side of the bell curve. Guy like me. Basically the idea is that, all right, if you, you know, take, take the example that you want to do things on, like you are on chain x and you want to do things on chain y, maybe that's a swap or something like that. That requires multiple different legs to ultimately end up getting completed. You need proof somehow. You on chain x need proof that this thing happened on chain Y. So the, that's what these execution proofs are. They get posted to the central layer. So everyone knows that everyone has done the action that they said that they were going to do. The big question about ZK proofs and these ag layers in general is what is the setup of the proving? Is it decentralized? What is the cost? What is the latency? Because obviously, if you can only send one of these proofs once a year, then that's not useful to anyone. But if you could do it every one or 2 seconds, which is where polygon wants to get pretty freaking useful, actually.
Speaker A: Is it just a settlement layer that's on top of ethereum, but below the layer twos?
Speaker B: I would think of it almost as next to the layer twos. It basically just allows you to take there are all these different execution environments which are super different from one another, right. And originally we thought it would be really nice if these execution environments all could directly pipe into each other and talk to each other. But now what the AG layer concept asks is, I'm just going to let you do things the way that you would like to do them in your layer. I'm going to do them the way that I would like to do them in my layer. I'm going to create a proof that the outcome, the important outcome here, don't really care how you did it, but the outcome here that you said that you were going to do is right. And that all goes to this common layer. So I don't know if it's on top of or below or next to, but like it's complementary, I think, to the roll ups.
Speaker A: Yeah, there's a lot of these composability technologies that's being innovated on in the Ethereum landscape, and some of them overlap, some of them don't overlap, some of them are solving their own problems in different ways. And there's like eight of them, eight different categories of ways of solving a theorem, composability. And they're all happening in parallel and coordination between, because in order to actually get perfect composability, it's going to need to take the best of all of these things and put it into one more seamless solution, which sounds like a massive coordination lift. But the only thought that I have about Ethereum composability is that it dies, 1000 cuts, there's no one gold and silver bullet. It just dies in a bunch of small different ways.
Speaker B: Or what if the best solution just wins?
Speaker A: Or once, but I don't know, I haven't seen one solution actually be able to encompass all types of composability issues. I haven't seen that.
Speaker B: Well, all right, here's the, maybe to move into some spicier waters here, but I think the challenge with the eth roll up landscape as it exists today is actually that the roll ups don't have as much of an incentive to be composable as you might think. I think everyone would say that they want to, but really the economic incentive is to keep people they want to.
Speaker A: In spirit, but not in their bags.
Speaker B: Yeah, they want everyone else to do the thing that I'm doing. Like we should all interoperate, right? I've got these great standards. Take my standards.
Speaker A: Yeah. Polygon, come be an op. Stack, shade.
Speaker B: Come on, come on. I've been working so hard for this you know, come and do my thing. But I think they'll get. But, so I think that's the challenge, is. I think what you're alluding to, David, is it's not necessarily a technical challenge. There are probably multiple different tech solutions that could work, but it's kind of a social. It's a social challenge. And I ultimately think the market is going to end up proving out, like, here's a question that I've been asking myself. So, Ethereum, what it's trying to do as a protocol, is to export its currency. Where it's exporting itself, is its roll up environment. Where is the ether going to go? Is it going to go evenly distributed to every roll up? Do optimism and arbitrum end up taking the lion's share of that ETH? Do weird schemes like blast end up taking a shit ton of ETH because they're offering yield when no one else is? How do you think, I'm curious. There's a ton of Eth out there. How do you think, when it gets pushed up to these roll ups, like, how's it going to shake out?
Speaker A: Where are the final sinks for ETH in the grand scheme of things?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And so we're not talking about Eigen Lair because it's still on the layer one.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, that'll be another sync, too, I think.
Speaker A: Are you asking me, like, pick your chains? Like, is the optimism, is arbitrum, or are you kind of.
Speaker B: Yeah, we don't have to. Basically what I'm getting is what I would guess is there's this power law where the bigger, let's just say there's a couple different sinks for ETH. There's the roll up sync, which is probably where most of the ETH, I would say, is going. Then there's probably this sort of weird sink for people that want to wrap their ETH and use it on solana, which I guess is a really small market. And then there's this kind of restaked sync where you stake it in lido or something like that, and then you go into this crazy liquid restaking ecosystem and do a bunch of yield type activities. But I think people that want to use eth the way that you and I have thought about using eth in the past, they want to do stuff like buy NFTs or trade or whatever. I think they'll end up on these roll ups. And I'm guessing a huge amount of ETH is going to migrate up there. It already is. So is it going to evenly distribute, like, two eth for arbitrum, two eth for optimism, one eth for scroll? Or is it going to accelerate and more ETh is going to pour into the roll up that already has the advantage?
Speaker A: It really depends on the categories of composability solutions that we come up with. Uh, because, like, if there is so, like, say there's like, a sliding scale of composability across roll ups, and, like, on the zero side, we just can't figure it out. Like, bridging takes, you know, you know, minutes and days. There's, like, you know, asynchronous uniswap pools that take forever to settle. There's, like, high arbitrage between these things. Composability sliders at zero versus composability sliders all the way at 100. And there's, like, perfect synchronous universal composability. It's one single state. Even though there's many different chains, like, cross chain contract calls are perfectly seamless and they never fail. And so, like, we're. We're at. We started at zero. We're already marching somewhere further away from zero. So we're already off of zero in composability. Maybe we're at 510, 15 something, still pretty low. And really, the question is how far down the slider of perfect synchronous composability can we get? And can we get to 100? And if we can get to 100, then there is no sync. There is no chain that dominates all of the Defi. There's no defi chain. If we stayed closer towards zero, my answer would be the defi chain. All of the liquidity, all of the capital would aggregate into the defi chain. And then you would have systems like Starknet, which would be, like the fully on chain gaming chain that doesn't really need that much eth. It just need payments, right? And then there'd be, like, the Zora. It doesn't need that much eth. It just needs payments, right? And so, like, there would be, like, the one single defi chain and then 10,000 payments chains, and the payment chains would be for different purposes, like gaming or collecting or whatever. But then as we start to slide on down the scale, like, if we get past on the composability scale to the point where, like, uni chain is its own chain and not a deployment on arbitrum and optimism and polygon and whatever, and we get that far, and, like, trading on Uniswap is a contract call to uni chain. And that can happen in settlement across rollups then all of a sudden capital will be much more diffuse across the roll ups, because then you'll have uni chain, maybe you'll have compound chain, then you'll have, like, the general purpose chains, like arbitrary and optimism attracting, like, whatever activity they're going to attract. And then there's going to be a lot more of, like, application specific roll ups doing whatever the hell they want, and then it'll be a lot more diffuse. So my answer is, like, it really depends on that slider when, where we end up.
Speaker B: Hmm. Yeah. I don't know. I think that composability stuff is going to take a while. So I would bet, yeah, it's going to take a while. So I feel like there's a path dependence thing here where it's a little bit of a race. Like, if I was sitting in the, if I was sitting in the driver's seat of one of these big frameworks, I'd be like, how can I get as much eth onto my platform as I possibly can right now? Because I feel like that's going to be a colossal moat.
Speaker A: So is that what you think blast, explicitly what blast was doing?
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah, I do.
Speaker A: They thought in your terms, and they're like, we are just going to do whatever we can to get as much eat as possible because the door is shutting. And so we're going to play whatever game possible to make that happen.
Speaker B: I am. I look, I don't know, Pac Man. I actually like, I like the way he thinks a lot. I'm not 100% sure if I'm a big fan of blast yet, but here is the logical series of events as I saw it. He launches blur. Right? It's NFT trading. Very, very successful in taking market share from Opensea, just like every other exchange operator that's ever operated on. Ethereum says these gas fees suck. Oh, this is great. We have these new things called layer twos, which have cheap gas fees. Man, why would I take this app where I have a ton of product market fit on and go launch it on someone else's l two? I'm going to create my own l two. Here's the problem, though. I'm going to launch this l two and there's going to be no liquidity. Get the liquidity on. Oh, I know. I'll allow people. I'll do it with yield. I'll allow people to earn yield. And I think that was the series of events that, if I had to guess. Yeah.
Speaker A: I've never understood the blast yield incentive, because I have ETH in aave on optimism, except. And like, and then I have, like, stables borrowed against it, and it's staked ETH. It's lido steak teeth. So I'm getting the same ETH on optimism that someone else is on blast. So what's the fucking deal?
Speaker B: Well, I probably a lot of these people are. Airdrop farming is right now, right? That's what I would guess. So they're probably airdrop farming. And it's kind of this idea, like, I really think crypto people love yield. Trad five people love yield. I had a conversation with someone who works at a big, very crypto native, but very tradfi type trading desk, and they were describing to me. So most of the liquidity still exists in bitcoin and eth round trading pairs, right? So if you want to trade in and out of something, the highest likelihood is that I, you're going to have the most liquidity on an ether bitcoin cross, like 70%. But what they don't like doing is just holding ETH or bitcoin on their balance sheet because it doesn't earn any yield. So now what they have is they're swapping out their non yield earnings stables for, there's a new compliant yield earnings table that has note just launched this week, and they're going to hold steeth. And when they want to make a trade, they move from steeth into EtH back into the yield bearing thing. And they're trying to literally, David, reduce the amount of time that they're in. Non yield bearing stuff. So this is, this is, the yield thing is not a story that's going away. And, I mean, it is kind of nice, right? Like, I could just, I don't even have to think about it on this l two. Just whenever I'm in eth, I'm just earning yield on it. That's kind of nice.
Speaker A: Yeah. And it, it solves a problem. That's a different problem, which is, like, when I go on to optimism or arbitrum or, like, I look at my wallet and I'm like, eth, but like, the optimism logo and then eth, but the arbitrum logo and, like, so, so, like, what you, if you there can't be, like, lido eth on blast, it just has to be blast eth. And they have to homogenize all eth that goes onto their layer two. Like, it can't have any sort of, like, derivative in front of it because it all needs to be blast eth. But maybe, I guess that's table stakes for all layer twos, though.
Speaker B: It's table stakes for all layer twos. I actually think you just hit on a super important point. This is not my observation. This was John Sharp's observation, which I'll give him the credit for the initial observation, and then I want to abstain from any incorrect conclusions that I draw from it, but basically, basically protect him from all the wrong stuff that I say after this. But the idea, like, every single eth instance that exists off of main chain is a wrapped version of that eth. Like, it's op eth, it's rbeth, et cetera. So once you've made that mental leap, why wouldn't you just hold the yield bearing version of that wrapped over?
Speaker A: Yeah, I agree with that. And that's why I have staked. I have lido staked eth on optimism inside aave. And so I have aave wrapped staked eth. Optimism wrapped aave staked eth. That's the derivative set that I have.
Speaker B: That just feels a little bit more complicated than just as soon as I. As soon as I get up there, I'm immediately earning yield, and it just feels like. I don't even know. I think we'll see. I just. I don't know. But it was a novel strategy that other protocols weren't doing at the time that clearly allowed him to attract an enormous amount of liquidity. It will probably allow him to attract a lot of activity up to that roll up, and it'll be a good home for blur, which is where I assume that they're going to migrate.
Speaker A: I'm just skeptical as to how, because a ton of eth went into blast, and blast had the. We have native eth yielding eth on our layer two, which doesn't exist. Uh, and then also the. The point farms, right? Also the token air drops. And, like, everyone is ascribing a ton of legitimacy to, like, blast new, innovative strategy of native yield. But really, but really, it was legitimized by the point farming. And maybe it was actually not that big of a deal. We were just thinking it's a big deal because of all the eat that it got from the point farming. Like, I'm worried that we're running into that trap.
Speaker B: David, let me ask you a question. Uh, all of this interest in Eigen Lair, how much of it do you think is the demand is coming from yield from Abs's versus farming Eigen layer points.
Speaker A: Okay. Eigen Lair had hype before the point farm.
Speaker B: I agree. I agree.
Speaker A: But then the point farm amplify.
Speaker B: I think a lot of people are in there for the point, so. Yeah, and that's the hope of this whole thing, right? It's like you the value proposition to someone that is yoloing into Eigen Lair. Because, look, Eigen layer, the team is phenomenal, but there is eventually going to be slashing risks. There is smart contract risk. The way that they solve this cold start problem with this cool idea. But if I'm not getting this extra thing, I don't want to risk my funds is points and rewards and all that stuff. That's how our system works. And some brave souls will try it, some will be rewarded, and some are going to get in trouble for taking too much risk. But the Eigen layer part of the ecosystem, you and I talk about this a lot, is definitely, I'm, like, simultaneously the most concerned about it, but I'm the most interested in it and excited about it at the same time. I think it is where a lot of the action is going to happen this cycle.
Speaker A: Yeah, I judge ecosystems by their ability to nerds night people into crypto. So, like, bitcoin won because it nerdsniped, like, the digital gold bugs, and, like, gave them a banner to, like, rally under. And then Ethereum nerd sniped a certain set of people, and that was sufficiently large to create the ethereum ecosystem. Solana nerd sniped a bunch of other people that bitcoin and ethereum did nothing. Nerd snipe. Um, and I'm watching Eigen Lair nerd snipe people that, no, nothing else in crypto has ever nerdsniped people before. Both people in, like, on Wall street and Silicon Valley, like the SAS SaaS companies can, like, rally behind Eigen Lair. Don't care about bitcoin, don't care about Ethereum, don't care about Solana. But just, like, trust as this, like, module that they can, like, incorporate into their product offering. Like, that makes sense. And, like, Wall street is also, like, totally able to wrap their heads around Eigen Lair. So, like, Eigen layer is in the middle of this very slow motion nerd snipe. And I'm just kind of fascinated to see what types of people it brings into the fold.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm with you on that, too. One maybe dimension that I would add to what's driving a lot of the Eigen lair buzz. And this flywheel that's kicking in for them is as much as it is an economic security play, where if you're either a cosmos chain or an AV's, and you do not want to pay an enormous amount of emissions to convince people to stake your chain. It makes a ton of sense from the. That's the demand side of their marketplace. But the other reason why you might want to launch as an Eigen layer, AV's is kind of a growth story as well. In the same way that, remember a little while ago, it was like all these chains were moving to Ethereum roll ups, because the idea was like, hey, let me plug into this massive ecosystem in Ithoodae. I think that was pretty good play for a lot of those l one s that were kind of wasting away into obscurity. But now I get to plug into this ecosystem, I get to put myself in this narrative. There's a bunch of eth that wants to move up into roll ups. It was really good for a bunch of those chains, and I think there are going to be a lot of chains. That is another element to the eigen layer thing that people are sort of missing, which is I could be this weird AV's that does this middleware thing that no one really cares about, or I can be the next Eigen layer chain, baby. And I could be a part of this point, you know, take a bunch of the. You know, there's $8 billion of. Of capital eth capital that wants to find its way into these chains. So I think it's a growth story as well as a security story.
Speaker A: Interesting. A growth story, right?
Speaker B: That's what I mean, yeah, I think that's the meta that. That a lot of these AVss are you. That these abs are playing. It's like I could either launch this weird, obscure middleware thing that no one's going to care about, or I can catapult myself into this narrative spotlight and $7 billion worth of each eth, which is looking for a home in various abs's of which I could be one. Right?
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's kind of like the bullish element of shared security is that it actually costs very little to get a lot of security. Right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And there's, like, economies of scale here. The more avss that are providing, like, some minor amount of yield to the entire system, more like a leveraged amount of capital comes into that because of how free that yield is. It's free yield. Free yield, baby.
Speaker B: It is real. Yeah. You're just opting in to this incremental additional yield, which is. Feels like a win win, right?
Speaker A: Yeah. And so is what you're saying is like, there's like a. Just a lot of pent up potential energy here between like the massive amount of ETH that's in Eigen layer that has nowhere to go except for these LRT projects who are also filling to the brim with ETH right now. And then all these AVss is like, there's no supply side, there's demand for me and there's like zero avss and there's about to be like eight, and then maybe in a year there'll be like 16 or something. And so like you're saying like, well, as an AV's, it's going to be so easy to attract a ton of capital, is that what you're saying?
Speaker B: Attractive ton of capital to, you know, the hope is that some of those people end up being. They're trying to acquire some of the users from the people who have this ETH and they're also trying to put themselves in this kind of sexy spotlight and narrative. You know, I think that's. I think that's all a big part of it. But there's also, there's a very real reason why this exists. And it's super cool. And the way that I view the LRTs and even projects like ethos is there are a lot of. It's very difficult right now for projects to actually connect with eigen lair directly. So what the lrts basically are, are allowing, it's like adding modularity and flexibility in terms of how these avss end up procuring that security, capital spend. Um, so, but let like, we're, we're talking about a lot of high minded stuff here. David, let me, let me take us out of the weeds for a second. I want to get your, I want to get your take on.
Speaker A: Can I, can I actually share something, Josh? I'm going to share my screen. Are you ready for me to share my screen? Josh is the operator. Bankless nation. All right, all right, all right. I'm going to share my screen a second. Here we go. Share screen. Here we go. Ready for this mic?
Speaker B: I'm ready.
Speaker A: Yuga Labs just acquired proof.
Speaker B: Wow. Oh, no way.
Speaker A: I did not see that coming.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker A: This is in the YouTube comments.
Speaker B: Can you give us the background of that? I'm actually not as familiar with. That's Kevin Rose's.
Speaker A: That's Kevin Roses. It's the moon birds thing, the proof collective. And so, yeah, apparently yuga Labs just acquired all of them. So I guess, yeah, the moonbirds collection is now part of Yuga Labs. Who owns bored apes, mutant apes, cryptopunks, me bits, all of these. All right, cool.
Speaker B: Do you think, do you think without looking or cheating, do you think moonbirds goes up or down? The price of moon birds? Birds go up or down?
Speaker A: Definitely up. Definitely up. A, it's a bull market. B, there's, it can't go down anymore.
Speaker B: Yeah. God, you're right. You're right. All right.
Speaker A: What were you gonna bring up? Unless you wanna keep going with that.
Speaker B: Oh no.
Speaker A: Where do you wanna go?
Speaker B: I want to just get your thought on. Its such a cliche question, but just like where are we in this cycle here? Your mental framework for it? Do you wake up a lot of mornings feeling particularly euphoric and bulled up and excited? Maybe especially if you havent been in the space for a particularly long time and this is your first time going through one of these cycles, youre starting to get jazzed up. Price bitcoins above 50k again. How are you, how are you feeling?
Speaker A: I think we are further along in this bull market than what the typical newer entrants will give credit for. Yeah, I think I was reflecting upon my experience last bull market and last bull market. I thought I came in with a reference. It started in January of 2021 when ether pumped and hit new all time highs or hit 11,000 or 1100, um, after being at 100 for like a year, 100 to 300. So it did like a three to four x. Um, like all my ethereum friends were like over the moon. Like we're fine. Like we're finally getting out from under the shadows of bitcoiners. Uh, and then like, and then NFT mania hadn't actually started yet, but it started very quickly after that. Um, and that's that bull market. I was like, okay, that's when the bull market started. It was like January, February of 2021. Uh, so we got like a good like 18 months, two years left in this baby when we actually only had like ten months. Because like I wasn't accounting for, you know, defi summer when like ETH price action stayed below 300. Like people were making a ton of life changing wealth. But you wouldn't have really called it a bull market. Like there was still, during Defi summer, there was like, is this, this isn't product market fit. Like this is not what people, people don't want to gamble on food tokens. Like this isn't mainstream, this isn't causing bitcoin to go up, this isn't causing Eth price to go up. This is just a bunch of like long tail risk on assets to turn into yield farms. That's not a bull market. And so I never accounted for. I never added that onto my bull market time, but that was a mistake because it totally was the bull market. People were making a ton of money. And I learned this from Chris Berniske. It's just like, it really depends on how much net paper gains the entire industry has, and that will determine whether the bull market ends or not. And so paper gains have started. People's like, paper people, like, you're, we're just talking about, like, people are receiving billion dollar airdrops, not selling them. Like, sol bros are, like, massively up, haven't sold. Definitely. Probably, like, you know, nfts are rising. Like, everyone's sitting on, like, a good, healthy stack of paper gains right now, and no one's taking anything off the table because, like, retail's not in yet. And then retail is going to come in, and then, like, we're going to, our paper gains are going to be massive. And that's really when the clock starts ticking. But, like, I'm saying, we're like, we're, like, approaching halfway through the bull market, which I think is a lot further along than most people think.
Speaker B: Yeah, I was going to say about probably time wise, about. Yeah, halfway through. I was going to say fourth inning, but I think fourth inning is almost halfway through. Yeah.
Speaker A: Because, you know, the forest, you know, we got the fourth. We're in the middle of the fourth.
Speaker B: Yeah. You know, it's just funny because my experience was exactly yours. I have this really vivid memory of. Because Covid happened. That was the big thing that happened last time. Right. So it actually, at the end of 20, if you go back and look at the price action of 2019, you'd be, it looks good. It looks paper up only. But that's not how it felt during that time.
Speaker A: Not until the very end.
Speaker B: Yeah, not until very end. And. But then Covid happened and you were like, oh, my God, is this industry? I mean, bitcoin went down to 4000, and then it started to creep up. And I remember I didn't even really start paying attention to it until I went until it was at like 13 or 14. It was like, whoa, I have not seen bitcoin at 14 in a long time. And then I sort of started to watch it heat up and go and go. And I really only was like, yes, it is the bull market after it cleared all time highs. So that's exactly my framework now because, I mean, it was interesting. Like, Coinbase earnings came out yesterday, and we don't need to go into the weeds of it. But you saw the very beginnings of retail was back more than institutional. The retail volume was up more than the institutional. It really, it's not even going to show up in their numbers. It's weird as Coinbase. Where's Coinbase? On the app store. And that started to jump up and, yeah, it's like we're starting to see the very early signs. But you know, what's something that's kind of, I mean, I'd love to get your perspective on this from your bankless venture seat, but one thing that hasn't really started to happen yet is like, funds are raising a bunch. I've heard it's actually still kind of tough sledding out there for the fundraising environment, which is surprising to me because. Yeah. Is that accurate? Inaccurate, because that's another big marker of when these funds start to get raised.
Speaker A: Funds are deploying bigly. Valuations of startups have crept up a pretty meaningful amount, but nothing over the top, nothing like sloshy.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I haven't heard of funds raising, but I'm also just not tapped into that world because, like, we're done raising, so we're not, we're not doing that. We were like, one of the only funds to raise in. What year was that? 2022. 2023.
Speaker B: You guys crushed it.
Speaker A: Yeah, like, we were the only ones who could really, like, get away with it. I haven't heard of funds raising, so. No, but I wouldn't be the one. Cause, like, I'm not paying attention to funds. Like, I'm paying attention. Portfolio companies and funds are definitely deploying right now. Like, cash is being spit out and there's a lot of startup interest. There's a lot of, like, people are actually building really cool shit, really novel shit. Um, yeah, and so I would definitely call it a pretty, like, exciting market. Nothing is too hot. It's definitely a founder's market, not a VC's market. The pendulum is shifted to the founder now. Um, whereas, like, maybe a year ago it was definitely still on the VC side of things. Um, but yeah, that's, that's kind of my take.
Speaker B: So you don't think the, the private markets and public, like, public market just being liquid tokens, I guess in crypto you think they're still walking relatively similarly, or is one crept up in front of the other?
Speaker A: I think so. I've heard other people, I think I've heard Chris Berniski say that, like, private markets are starting to get, like, kind of crazy. And I've seen, I know what I see. What he's talking about, but I don't, wouldn't call it crazy person. It definitely knows more than me, but everything seems okay to me. Like I'm the bull of bankless ventures. Ryan's the brakes, and Ben's like, the rationalist. But, like, at some point, like, I'm just like, guys like, these, like, $50 to $80 million seed rounds are, have become the norm. Like, that is like. And they're, it's a hot market, and this is like. And they're like, oh, that's really expensive. I'm like, yeah, so was all the other ones. Like, this is just what it is.
Speaker B: Yeah, there I've heard. One way of thinking about it is you're a price taker, not a maker. You just got to find the best prices that exist out into the market, will tell you what the valuation is, and you just got to decide whether or not you want to take it. But you guys raised at a really opportune time because it's going to become, like, we've talked about this before, but there's probably a window where especially for, like, most people, your first and even second cycle, you don't make any money because you wait until the new all time high. You have way less time than you think. You know, you go small in the beginning, but then the euphoria kicks in and you invest most of your money at the top where you shouldn't. And there probably is some period of time to just sit on your hands.
Speaker A: Totally.
Speaker B: I don't know when.
Speaker A: I think FTX actually painted an exemplar model of how everyone fails in a bull market, which is they started off conservative. They started doing like arbitrage, like free arbitrage trades between bitcoin and stable coins. And then over the bull market, they started to become more and more risk on with their trading strategies to the point where they ended where they were like, how can we take the most amount of leverage? 3 hours capital also did this. They were also like a very safe GBTC premium trade. And like, even before that, I can't remember what the trade was, but it's even safer. It was like, like risk off trading during the bear market. And then as the bull market continued, it was like, okay, we are down to take price exposure rather than just like, time it, like settlement risk, right. Well, to actually take. We'll take upside now. And then it was like, okay, we'll take leverage now. Oh, we'll take even more leverage now. And so, like, they were every, everyone who failed was taking leverage at the top, whereas like, you should be taking leverage at the bottom and then clear it out before the top and then sell at the top. That's what everyone ought to be doing, but everyone does the opposite. Everyone. More and more exposure as the markets go up in price.
Speaker B: I know. I mean, the other thing too, a couple other dynamics about this is there were a lot of funds last cycle, good funds that are still around, that went from $10 million in Aum to a billion dollars in Aum. And your universe of investable assets or opportunities is so much smaller when you have that size. And I watched this interview that the three arrows guys gave their defense on GBTC, was that, oh, it was a really good trade, but we couldnt account for other people piling in. It's like, yeah, you actually could account for that. You're supposed to. That's what you're supposed to account for. That's why you're a professional money manager. You, you know, and the GBTC thing was just such a hilarious, concentric hallucination because those close end funds always trade at discount to Nav. It should have been really obvious to this industry that I just did an interview with a guy who, it was a huge part of the ETH, part of that trade. And dude, it was just, I mean, it's literally as simple as, have you heard that quote? There's nothing so damaging to your health is hearing that your neighbor made money. It's like, that's what it is. It's just a couple people made 15 or 16 x their, their, uh, what they put in, and everyone just fomo'd into that trade. So I'm sure the same thing is going to happen here at this time. I just, I just don't know what it is. Uh, everyone thinks it's going to be restaking, which makes me think it's not going to be restaken because everyone literally thinks that it's going to be. But I have. I have no idea.
Speaker A: But I think there's like a lot of just like, ancient wisdom that people in Wall street know that, like, people in crypto definitely don't know. And just buying the fact that, like, sometimes we're in a bubble and so are they, and our bubbles don't mix. But it's not going to be me to bring that over here because I don't know it.
Speaker B: No, I don't know it either, actually. You know, it's funny you.
Speaker A: I mean, I feel like of all people, you do know it the most because you interview all the macro people.
Speaker B: So a golden rule of this that I found interviewing macro people is that, you know how when you hear old macro, people talk about crypto and you're just like, oh my God, that's the most cringe take ever. You do not know what you're talking about. It goes the other way, too. And when you hear crypto, people talk about macro, you're like, oh, God. I'm not saying that I know enough to make great predictions about macro. I definitely don't. But I've done enough interviews where I can understand who knows what they're talking about and who doesn't. I mean, one thing that should have been extremely obvious to our industry that wasn't at the time is when they started raising rates, we all should have gotten extremely concerned. And I was not concerned.
Speaker A: I had no frame of reference for this. I remember a Jim Bianco tweet saying, the times have changed. I think maybe he used a term like paradigm shift. And I remember this tweet because it burned into my brain. I'm like, Jim Bianco, what do you mean by that? I don't get it. Why is the new phase of markets I don't understand. And then like ten months later, I very much understood exactly what he meant. And so did my portfolio. Like, oh, that's what you mean by that. The fastest rate hike in history. But this is also like, why? Like, the end of last bull market was also just like, so weird. And maybe it wasn't. Maybe it ended just the same way it always going to end because everyone was sitting on the mountain of paper games that I was talking about. But also we had the fastest interest rate hike that we've had in most market participants. Participants living memory.
Speaker B: Yeah, I feel like it's always going to be something. I sort of am in the camp that I'm in the Chris camp of everything that goes up must come down. Crypto goes up so fast that it must come down. Although I do think that there's good reason to believe that it's not different this time. But here's a trend that's been happening, uh, since for, for basically as long as crypto is in existence, every bull cycle becomes slightly more muted. Like the peak to trough returns of, say, bitcoin as you go along has gone lower and lower. And the volatility of bitcoin and ethereum, the assets go lower and lower. And the reason for that is really just a law of large numbers things. If bitcoin peaked, a trough returned, what it did in the 2011 cycle be the most valuable asset on earth ten times over. So that just can't happen. But that's probably good. And then the other thing is these ETF's might have not changed the game, but they might have exacerbated that existing trend. Because think about what was driving the price of bitcoin in the 2020 to 2021 cycle. It was retail fomoing their stimmies into bitcoin, or it was smart money that was front running that retail. And so the next, the incremental dollar moving into bitcoin was that hot money retail kind of just chasing this trend. But now with the bitcoin ETF's and soon ETH ETF's, which I think everyone is generally sleeping on, is the next incremental dollar is not a hot money retail dollar. It is a slow passive dollar that is moving into bitcoin now. And the people that trade the bitcoin ETF's aren't like you and me. They don't see, oh, bitcoin go up, I should probably buy more. They say, oh, bitcoins up 10% this week. It's probably going to mean revert, I'm going to sell. And that behavior over time is just going to level out the price appreciation of bitcoin. And I think it's going to happen with ETH, and that is the way that it should ultimately end up happening. I think that's a good thing.
Speaker A: But I learned this from, I can't remember how press and maybe I need to get a second opinion on this. But his big idea was that as soon as we have sustainable, dependable flows, you get less volatility. I think that's just true of any financial asset. If you have sustainable flows, volatility goes down. Which would be great for the PR and optics. If bitcoin can stop and ether stop being so volatile, that's a maturing market. You said that these markets dampen over time law of large numbers. Totally true. Like you can see that in the bitcoin and the ETH volatility, but also like looking at the market bull markets as like invents events in crypto, they can still be just like equally frothy as the last one because people will always go down the long tail and like there's no cap on how far down the long tail you can get. Like we were trading like jpegs of text at one point when they, one of them, like the floor got to 25 eth. Like that was some extreme frothy shit. And like, sometimes like, I think it's kind of a little bit lost to his loss to history. But the IcO waterfall of just, like, the shitcoin waterfall that was in the 2017, like, that was an insane time where, like, it was completely disconnected from reality. And it's kind of hard to express. It's even hard to remember how insane it was. I think Eric Voorhees had a tweet where he was talking about, like, yeah, most people are just under indexing about how insane the 2017 ICO mania was, because it's just, like, lost to memory. Like, it's like the memories are smoothed out. You can't really remember. It's hard to compare to the 2021 bull market. But also, I think, like, with bitcoin and ether are massively large numbers. Those are just hydraulic pumps down on the long tail and can make the long tail equally frothy, no matter what kind of bull market it is.
Speaker B: 100%. Those arguments never held that much water with me. You hear people talk about, you know, we're never going to inject $7 trillion into the market again. That was as crazy as it's ever going to get. I think 2017 was crazier than 2020 and 2021.
Speaker A: I can't. Without confidence. I think that's true.
Speaker B: It felt crazier. It was. I remember looking at the price. I mean, that was also our first bull market, though.
Speaker A: We had no frame.
Speaker B: I know, but I think that it was just smaller. And the prices, dude, I just remember these things would go up, like, you know, 60, 70% a day, I guess maybe if I missed the whole NFT thing last time, which is maybe why I'm doubling down on it, but, yeah, I just, I don't know, equally crazy. And there's going to be something equally crazy next time. But, yeah, the long tail of cryptos is interesting as it's ever been, I think, and it's as dispersed as it's ever been. I can't keep up with all the different. You know, it's tough to keep up with everything that's going on. Um, but, David, what are your thoughts on the ETH eTF in general? Cause I've been seeing, there's a. There's an argument on Twitter that it's not gonna being as big of a deal.
Speaker A: The people are saying that.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. It's not as attractive to institutional audience as. As a bitcoin ETF is. What do you think?
Speaker A: So I asked Sandy from Franklin Templeton about, like, my. My perspective on ether is that, like, it's a more attractive asset for Wall street. Surprise. The bankless guy thinks that ether is a more attractive asset, um, just because it's like a tech platform. It's like a platform technology play. And that just resonates with them. Like bitcoin. Bitcoin is digital gold. Okay, great. Uh, but ethereum is tech with like, apps and other chains built on top of it. And just as a form factor, it just is more understandable. It's got, like, you can do DCF analysis on, on ETh. And I know, like, you want to throw a, for your flag about how to evaluate networks with a DCF analysis, but the point is you can, and they will accept it because that is what they understand.
Speaker B: I think you're probably right about that, David. Yeah.
Speaker A: And so, like, it doesn't, maybe I'm only like, right a little bit on the fact that, like, okay, Wall street likes it a little bit more because of the tech play, the DCF play. But also ETh is one third of the size of bitcoin, so liking it a little bit more for that reason. Like, you multiply that by three, because just like, it's. And then also this is a, you know, from Vance Spencer's Twitter, it's like there's just much less float on ether, on them, on the markets, because it's in layer twos, it's in eigen layer, it's in compound, it's in aave. And so a dollar means a lot more to the ether price than it does for the bitcoin price.
Speaker B: I think that's going to be the ultimate driving thing, people. The crypto natives will debate what is EtH story? Is it a money or a tech platform? Is it yield or is it ultrasound money? You know what tradfi thinks? They don't give a shit. Yeah. They just need a story. It's like bitcoin. It's the next bitcoin. It's smaller. Get in. Now, I, and I think another, another thing that I don't believe, that the bitcoiners have always believed, is it's only bitcoin. It's only central banks will only buy bitcoin. And that's the safest one. I've just never bought into that idea. If anything, I think the most, the most realistic outcome is a basket. They love basket. They love baskets.
Speaker A: Like they're already building baskets with bonds, equities, and bitcoin in there. They're already building the baskets.
Speaker B: There you go. That's. And so there'll be a crypto basket. And how many times have you heard David from maybe someone who's on the older side who I don't really understand this. I just want to give me broad exposure. Like, I just want exposure, you know, they don't. So I just, I, I've never bought into that idea that it's only going to be bitcoin. I think, if anything, I think if anything, right now, the bitcoin ETF has surprised people with the flows. Yes. Even the most bullish more and more. Yeah. And I don't know if we're in some kind of near p. If you do a run rate of 250 trading days, $500 million inflows a day, you wind up with 100 billion. And I think that just sounds wrong to me. That sounds too high. But it's looking like it's going to be a phenomenal success for bitcoin. Right. People are going to say ETH is going to do something similar to that. And Vance pointed this out on bell curve, but bitcoin eth, bitcoin bottomed the ETH BTC ratio bottomed like the day of the ETF's. And it's probably not to make a prediction, but it's probably, if it hasn't bottom, it's probably, probably a good bet.
Speaker A: Probably that that's going to.
Speaker B: Yeah. So that's, and also, this is the time Solana really messed everyone up. You and I have talked about this before. The, the typical thing that happens during this point of the cycle is everything sells off. Bitcoin sells off the least. ETH is the second least. And then everything else is this kind of bucket. And then what ends up happening is thats when bitcoin dominance peaks, then bitcoin runs first, and then everything else follows and people move out along the risk spectrum. Solana just messed everyone up because there was that idiosyncratic FTX event and so it got drastically underpriced, then it got overpriced. But this is just really typical stuff for this part of the cycle. Bitcoin is running first. ETH is going to run again soon. So thats how I feel about it. And people say its the ETF narrative, but its probably just what was always going to happen, honestly.
Speaker A: Yeah, thats probably right. Thats probably right. Yeah. Theres a lot of things like that. Like the whole interest rates were hiking faster than all time, but the bull market was ending. We were trading text jpegs were time now.
Speaker B: Yeah. Like how much longer do you think we would have gone if, even if the interest rate thing hadn't happened?
Speaker A: It couldn't. It couldn't. Have been that much longer.
Speaker B: I agree. What goes up must eventually come down, so. Yeah.
Speaker A: All right, man. Should we call here?
Speaker B: We can call it. Yeah. This was a lot of fun, buddy. I like these unscripted things. Yeah. I really like them raw, unvarnished. David. I think people want that, David, don't they? Am.
Speaker A: I think Ryan's the more, like, varnish one. I'm always kind of, like, more unscripted and shooting from the hip, but maybe. Maybe that's my take.
Speaker B: That is true. In the best way. In the best way.
Speaker A: All right, man. This is great. Thanks so much. What's your Twitter handle?
Speaker B: If people want to follow you, I am Mikelido. You can follow me there.
Speaker A: We'll put those in the show notes. Thanks, Mike. I really appreciate it.
