Speaker A: Bankless nation. We got a bankless takes episode for you because we got something top of mind, and I think it should be top of mind for you as well. David, you wanted to come talk about AI tokens, and I think that will unleash a few other topics as well that are adjacent, including narrative investing and how to make that, you know, 20 to 100 x gain, whether that's even possible, this bull cycle. But first, what are we going to cover today? Tell me why you're excited about AI tokens.
Speaker B: I think today, Ryan, I want to plant a flag and say that the next crypto cycle, the 2024 2025 bull market cycle, is going to be the AI token cycle. In 2017, we had the ICO cycle. In 2021, we had nfts. In 2025, we will have AI tokens. And I'm seeing these, like, just two parallel technologies just converge together in spectacular fashion. So I want to talk about, like, some of the experiences I had at ETH Denver called AI Denver. Um, the world of decentralized compute, the road to AGI that crypto can facilitate, and why crypto and AI is such a match made in heaven, and why I think it's going to define the whole entire market cycle that is this incoming, extremely frothy, extremely speculative bull market.
Speaker A: I think that's a good grounding for what I want to talk about, too, David, which. Which relates to sort of AI tokens. The question of, is this a narrative trade, a narrative investment? I think your answer to that in comparing it to icos would be, yes, it is. Maybe there's something fundamental here, but it almost is certainly a narrative investment. So I think we want to broaden that and talk a little bit about narrative investing in crypto in general, and maybe some of the lessons or frameworks that apply, because I saw a fantastic piece by a guy named Victor that I want to share with you, too, David. And then maybe we could conclude with talking about what the next big narratives this cycle might be. I think you came back from ETh Denver with a list of three that we want to get into, one very.
Speaker B: Big one, and then no second place, and then a third and fourth place.
Speaker A: All right, guys, we're going to get into all of that, but before we do, we want to thank the sponsors that made this episode possible, including. All right, David, tell me about AI tokens. Why are AI tokens a thing? Why. How is that intersecting with. With crypto?
Speaker B: Right now, both of these industries are being built in parallel, come, like, completely separately and adjacent from each other. And I think the space that these two industries occupy and overlap at is going to be the thing that really captures a lot of speculative fervor, mainly from the people that like, hey, I want to invest and have exposure to AI, but I don't want to invest in Nvidia because it is in the larger than the entire chinese stock market. There are these two storms that I'm seeing slowly converge together as they learn how to, like, relate with each other. I'm calling it, like a particle collision. Like, what happens when you smash the AI particle with the crypto particle?
Speaker A: Well, you got on the screen, you're making me show the Andromeda Galaxy and the Milky Way galaxy. I think that's on track to, like, intersect with one another in, like, 5 billion years or so. These are galaxy sized collisions, is what you're talking about.
Speaker B: Well, yeah, we have the three, two and a half trillion dollar crypto economy colliding with the, you know, probably a couple trillion dollar AI economy, and I think we're going to produce a few trillion dollars as a result of that collision from across the space. And I think it's mostly going to be AI meme coins. And why is it going to be mostly meme coins and not, like, AI fundamental coins? Well, what do we do in crypto? We just print tokens out of thin air and we name them things that are, like, related to AI, and then they pump. And so there's going to be a few ounces of, like, AI fundamentals that I think are going to be very real. That's going to produce, like, the amounts of amount of leverage that it has that we have to fuel into the world of AI meme coins. That's what I think is coming.
Speaker A: So you think this is a bit more of a narrative trade? Actually, I wanted to show you this. I was wondering if you kind of agree with this. So this is a graphic that I saw in a Twitter thread about attention captured. Right? And we have, like, the serious projects on the top, and this is kind of like your graph. It's a very small slit by five.
Speaker B: To 10% of the bottom, right?
Speaker A: Five to 10%. And then we have meme coins that comprise the bulk of this being, like, you know, 85% to 90%. Is that what you're saying? Is that how you are thinking about AI and crypto as we get into this? Is it like 90% meme, but, like, 10% substance?
Speaker B: That's exactly right. Along with an order of operations there. First, it's the 10% substance which creates the space, the room the motivation for the 90% meme.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: I think there is actually a ton of substance between the relationship between crypto and AI, and it's, it's, that is as a result of that very real intersection we're going to attract, you know, for better or for worse. Mainly for worse. Like the scammers, the grifters. Like, this is what it's going to be. The signal of the top of the market is that like, people realize that they can make a quick buck by like throwing crypto and AI together and like, you know, doing some, like, ICO, if you will, or like some, some startup raise. We've already seen froth in the AI VC markethouse six to nine months ago, post chat GPT launch. And like, what happens when you collide that particle with the ability to mint an ERC 20 token permissionlessly?
Speaker A: Two frothy world changing technologies that no one understands and they're going to smash together and create like a super bubble, is that what you're saying?
Speaker B: A legitimate crypto super bubble, a super bubble, super cycle, call it, like, I also want to leave room. I was talking to Mike Ibloodo about this. I also want to leave room for the potential of like, the whole AI world creates something like approaching, like the.com bubble slowly over the next, like, you know, two to five years, something stupid like this AI is going to change the world. I think everyone has like, now realized that, but now the whole AI industry has access to quick liquidity tokenization events, meme power, like content generation power. Like, I think we can. Yeah, I think it's going to get very, very far.
Speaker A: Okay, so yeah, the context here then is that this is definitely a narrative investment, is definitely a narrative trade this cycle. And also there might be some fundamentals here, but it's going to be a small sliver, a small portion of the value here. It's going to bubble and froth and get way over its skis. This is a graphic from Vitalik, a recent post that he did at the end of January, where he talked about the intersection between AI and blockchain. And they're, they're kind of two separate technology, but there are some synergies, data ownership, transparency, monetization, cost cutting, competition, innovation inclusive. But I'm guessing we'll also create a whole bunch of AI meme coins that really are nothing more than narratives, are not actually making use of blockchain fundamentals and kind of this intersection in the.
Speaker B: Venn diagram, I think we can also talk about the blurring of the line between fundamentals and memes. Worldcoin, for example, has a ton of just very real building going behind it. That is a very real project, has attracted very real vc dollars, and it has done like, a very, like, good job. Like what? No matter what you believe about the project, they are doing this very hard thing about building this infrastructure to help identify humans on the Internet. In the age of AI, it is also Ryan trading at almost a hundred billion dollar market cap. And that is a meme valuation, real project meme valuation. And so, like, there's going to be this blurring of the line between, like, what's real and what's, like, hot air. And right now, like, we have a little bit of hot air. I think we're going to have a lot of hot air. Okay, first, I want to talk about, like, why there will be hot air in the first place. Because if there's hot air somewhere, that implies that there is a real source of energy producing that hot air. I'm talking about fundamentals here. Like, what are the reasons why there's a fundamental truth about the intersection between crypto and AI? First, I want to talk about decentralized AI models. Second, I want to talk about decentralized compute platforms. Third, in order to really strike our imaginations, the road to AGI using crypto as a railway to get there. And then also talk about after that, the shared properties that crypto and a high have. And then lastly, we'll end up where we're ultimately going to converge, no matter what, which is AI meme coins. Are you ready?
Speaker A: Totally. Let's go.
Speaker B: All right. First, decentralized AI models. This is what happens when you have a lot of the properties that we have in the crypto space. Open, permissionless innovation, decentralization, moving complexity, innovation towards the margins with a world of AI. I was at this AGI summit day, and I was listening to Casey Caruso, who's sitting on the left there, who gave this absolutely banger take, which is that we have this desire to have as many AI models as possible. You know your favorite Ryan line, Ryan? Which is like, we'll have as many chains as there are websites or have as many tokens as there are websites. I think we also want as many AI models as we have, like, blogs or websites or any, like, large cambrian explosion of stuff that we've seen on the Internet. AI models can, like, do almost infinity things, and the more of them that we have, the more flourishing that there can be.
Speaker A: What do you mean by an AI model, David? Like, is chat, GPT, is that sort of an AI model. And that might be different than the model behind X. What's it called? The one Elon's developing? Yeah. Grok, is that a model? What's a model?
Speaker B: Yeah, that's exactly right. So track GPT is one model. Grok is one model. And I will call these very generalized models. There can be models for anything. You can put any sort of utility into a model. Think about a model that has been custom trained, Ryan, as it to be your personal assistant, like your siri, or, you know, your, like, Amazon Alexa. Like, we can talk about, like, the blue chip fat tail models that are very generalizable, that that are kind of one size fits all. And then we can also go down the line of just like, what about, like, an NPC inside of a game engine or something, like some model about, like, the weather, any sort of AI model that can be either very broad or very narrow. But the idea is that with the proliferation of AI, we have more models, and we have a lot of them, or at least we can. That is the world that I would enjoy, especially when, like, you can start to associate, like, AI, the growth of AI models, as in the growth of, like, human cultural proliferation, expressivity. Like, how can we leverage the power of AI and more total cases? And so this is the world that I would want. This is the world that a lot of the people in the open AI community also wants. That's open source AI, not OpenAI, the company. But here's the line from Casey Caruso, who, like, uh, brought us, brought everyone in the audience back down to reality. We want open source AI. We want a wide proliferation of models custom fit for various use cases. But the tailwinds behind the economies of scale for AI models are very strong data monopolies. And compute monopolies restrict open AI model development. And so basically, who has all the data? You know, Facebook, like, why is Reddit going public? Well, because they've got all the data for AI. There's these data silos, these web two data silos. That is all of the, that has all the data that all of these AI models need to run on. So whoever has all the data has economies of scale for producing very strong AI models. If you, as your regular homegrown AI tinkerer, if you don't have access to data, you're not going to be able to produce an AI model. And so that is one very strong centralizing force that AI has. And then the other one is access to compute. Who's got all the access to the GPU's it's going to have this massive economies of scale that the regular long tail end consumer experimenter hobbyists won't be able to access. So I think if you understand crypto principles, you can kind of see where I'm going with this. We want AI models, but we can't have them because of siloed, centralized resources ready to go into decentralized compute platforms.
Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, so we want decentralized AI because it's just like richer, more organic, more competitive than kind of data monopolies, but it doesn't follow that that's what we'll get just because we want it. You know what I mean? You were just saying that these are centralizing monopoly forces. So part of me is like, okay, well, game over. We can't just make them decentralized just because we want it. Is there some sort of market force that will propel decentralized AI and decentralized compute? Is this part of the theme here?
Speaker B: Well, so this is getting to some of the actual, like, already existing, tried and true crypto platforms that can actually pull that market force down towards the decentralized end of the spectrum. So first you're seeing, like, centralized AI, call that the Google, the OpenAI versions of the world, but we are looking for decentralized AI. And I think this, like, decentralized AI narrative is something that's, like, very ripe to be taken up by society. When they learn about how much returns on capital on, like, monopoly that OpenAI and others will have over us, there's going to be just an interest in decentralized AI as a narrative. Crypto actually has meaningful answers to this, like, what some of the biggest tokens that have pumped. And this is when we'll start to get into, like, the narrative and meme side of the world. Some of the biggest tokens that have pumped in the last, like, three months are all these decentralized compute platforms. Filecoin is up 100% in the last 30 days. Arweave is up 200% in the last 30 days. Render is up 300% in the last three months. Bit tensor is up 121,250% in the last five years.
Speaker A: Oh, my God.
Speaker B: These are all various, like, decentralized compute platforms that have caught the AI bug. The AI narrative have caught the AI bid. And so these, in Filecoin, you put data on it, and it's allowing for permissionless compute. And so the idea is actually very similar, Ryan, to your and my protocol sync thesis. Wherever you can have the most credibly neutral repository of data, it will collect all of the data. There's this thing called a data gravity in the web two world. Whereas if there are stockpiles of data that exist on the Internet somewhere or in servers, apps will actually migrate towards that data. So it's like thinking of data as a black hole. If there's enough of it, the data won't move. Apps will actually move towards the data. And Filecoin. The Filecoin thesis is that so much data will end up on Filecoin because it's the permissionless compute platform for data that just the apps will go around it. And so Filecoin is up 100% in the last 30 days.
Speaker A: I'm starting to see why the contours of we introduce this as a narrative. Cause what you just said is absolutely a narrative. It doesn't necessarily have substance backing it. But you could foresee a world where everything you just said comes true, but that's not necessarily going to happen. You could just sort of foresee it. So it's a narrative. Here's a tweet you had us put in this episode today from Anna. Today, models are primarily trained on publicly scraped Internet. What if 100 million users contributed their private data from siloed platforms to create a user owned foundation model? So this is basically part of the narrative, is how do we compete against these centralized data banks, like data monopolies? Well, we get 100 million users to sort of combine their force behind a credibly neutral compute platform, maybe incentivized by a token. Is this sort of where we're going with the story?
Speaker B: That's exactly right. I love how you brought up that tweet. Do you think that person's a crypto person?
Speaker A: I've never seen this person, but I was assuming yes. Cause it's in a bankless shell. But you're gonna tell me no.
Speaker B: The answer is no. This is not a crypto person. I have two overlapping followers. This is an AI person.
Speaker A: Oh, wow.
Speaker B: If the tweet is talking about, what if 100 million users coordinated their resources together to get them out of siloed, centralized platforms to create a user own foundational model? That sounds like a crypto tweet. That is a crypto ethos. And so what the AI world is missing is what crypto has, like, the. The pushing power and authority to the margins. Right. Pushing power to the individual, whereas there's so much power contained in centralized Wall street, aka Silicon Valley, aka Web two resources, how they have all the power. Decentralized AI is about taking all of that power and, like, pushing it down toward the margins, but you need crypto to do it. And so, like, you're talking about, like, yeah, that's. That's a narrative now. Well, markets, price in the future, and so if people just think that this might be a thing, and also, we have just, like, the markets going up in price, and we have an interest in going out towards the long tail. We have the bitcoin ETF funneling hundreds of millions of dollars into bitcoin each week, which is acting like a hydraulic pump down for the rest of the risk on market. Like, this is the storm that is coming. We have this 1oz of very real narrative, and it's going to create a pound of, like, meme coinery.
Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, so that's what's going on. I see the narrative. It remains to be seen whether it actually becomes and put you, in point of fact, a reality here. But I see the narrative around decentralized models and AI, and decentralized compute. Tell me about this next piece, though. The road to AGI, which is artificial general intelligence. Right. By the way, I'm not sure that we want to go down that road, but you included it here. Where does this fit into the story arc?
Speaker B: This is where I think this is a little bit of a less assured take, but I think it'd be very, very fun if we actually got there. When I got into ETh Denver and went to the AGI summit, which is where actually Vitalik was talking, Casey Crusoe, from that tweet that we were just showing, was talking. Sriram from Eigen Lair was also talking. He was the first person I saw giving a talk at this AGI summit. And his talk, I thought, was actually the most interesting. He was talking about this road to AGI and the three different ingredients that we need to get there, and I felt it was super compelling. I am getting on board on this narrative. One is open source AI models is one ingredient. Two is permissionless innovation to innovate on these AI models, and three value accrual mechanisms to these AI models. Open source AI models, which is like the opposite of what chat GBT is, the opposite of what OpenAI, ironically, is, the opposite of what Google Bard is, open source models. So we can all, as humanity, coordinate and tinker around these OpenAI models. That's the first ingredient. Second, permissionless innovation on these AI models. So something that Eigen layer is working on is this derivative license. So that if you are making an AI model and then other people find it, use it useful, but then you also make a derivative of it. There is a value chain of payments for developers who are making these AI models. And then this last ingredient is basically the marketplace. Where can we link the value that these models are creating for users to actually the developer who is birthing them into the marketplace? Once you have derivations or derivatives of these AI models, you get replication and reproduction, and you add in the market incentive forces, you get a survival of the fittest. And so this is just one slice of one possible narrative that's coming out of this AI crypto space of, just like, we have these ingredients, we can make, like, expressivity happen, we can make a cambrian explosion of innovation happen, maybe, Ryan, we can even make AGI happen. But it's. It's using a crypto foundation for coordination and resource management to produce a proliferation of AI, proliferation of human culture and creativity. That's kind of like, that's kind of the part that I see.
Speaker A: It also strikes me that those three things are the same thing. Like an effective accelerationist like Beth JSOs would say, and that's something that's going to prevent us from regulatory capture by like, authoritarian regimes and monopolies who will like, you know, use AI against the people, basically. So it has that shared, I guess, narrative, let's say, with crypto as well. Okay, so the projects you mentioned, filecoin, arweave, you know, like render, I don't know as much in bit tensor, but are weaving Filecoin for sure. These are real projects that people are actually using today. But you were also talking about AI meme coins. Right? So are you talking about these projects, like, there's some obviously memetic narrative element to even legitimate projects that are doing something real? Or are you talking about like a new kind of like, shitcoin waterfall, like, down market types of meme coins that are just taking this narrative and not producing much of substance and just running with it? Like, what's that piece of the equation?
Speaker B: I'm talking about both. And like all things in every single crypto cycle, we will start with very real fundamentals and we will end with shit, cornery mania, froth that ends in tears and ruins. And so we are somewhere towards the beginning of that cycle. And I'm claiming that we are heading towards the memory froth end of the spectrum. And there's just a lot of properties that the crypto industry has that the AI industry does not have and will probably want. Uh, the AI industry is like, rapidly innovating. It's moving at breakneck speeds. It's comprised of futurist frontier technologists who, like, don't want to like, be under the ire of nation state regulation because it will slow them down. What does crypto offer them? They offer them permissionless liquidity events with the ERC 20 tokenization. They offer them like a way to actually have open access to data. All the fundamentals I was talking about. And we actually are also an industry that moves at breakneck speed. I think there's like this cultural cut from the same cloth between the AI industry and the crypto community that's going to make a match made in heaven. I don't want to like, because there's going to be a lot of, like, bullshit out there that is going to be very bad and it's going to like, sour the crypto industry, but at least we're like 18 months away from that. It's a match made in heaven in the sense that, like, there's a lot of, there, there's a lot of, like, clay for both industries to work with. Especially just like if an AI company that is going to start up as some like, wrapper around a chat GBT, they're never going to IPo, but they could launch a token. And I think just the permissionless access to innovation that we both want and both have is going to. One is going to fuel the other. And especially the fact that we have ERC 20 tokens that these AI companies can just like print or AI founders or like, you know, shitcoin startup founders, they can just start printing the tokens. We've seen this, we've seen this movie before. This happens every single.
Speaker A: So you're telling me every data model is going to get a token here, David, that's what, that's where we're going to go. World of many data models, and each model has a token.
Speaker B: Maybe the rule of if it can be a token, it will be a token has played out very, very well in crypto.
Speaker A: Yes. All right, well, that's a great overview. And I think there's so much more content to explore on bankless around this AI plus crypto theme, some of which will be more fundamentals driven. But David, when we come back, I want to talk about this in the context of a fantastic narrative investing article that I read this week and throw out some guidance for bankless listeners who are trying to getting off of the fundamentals train a little bit. And they're looking over their shoulder at some of these attractive crypto narratives out there because I think there's some useful insights we have for them. So we'll be back with that. But before we do, we want to thank the sponsors that made this episode possible. All right, David, you ready to talk about investing in crypto narratives? I hate using, like. I don't know if I should even use the word investing. It's more like speculating or something else.
Speaker B: Well, I think that's probably one of the warnings you're about to give us. People think they're investing when they should be very aware that they are speculating.
Speaker A: Yeah. And that can be very difficult to sort of confuse, I guess, our model for this and our framework for this is there are three ways to make money in crypto. One of the ways is you be. You become a trader. So you're looking at prices, you're looking at charts, ta. You're very obsessed. Your time horizon is daily or weekly or sometimes like hourly. Right? Things can change a lot to make a trade real. That's the first type. Second, you can be a narrative trader, narrative investor, narrative speculator, let's call it. And this is the recognition that crypto, at least in the short run, so we're talking about a time horizon of not days, but maybe weeks and months, is very much an attention economy. Fundamentals don't really matter for narrative investor. That's a second legitimate way to do well and make money in crypto. And the third is more where bankless skews the fundamentals investor. It's where you sort of forget the noise you denominate in crypto money. Assets like bitcoin, like ethereum, you buy the assets with fundamentals. You try every single cycle, like four year cycles, to increase the amount of bitcoin and eth that you hold. And you measure this in terms of years and like even decades. By the way, that third category, basically everyone I know who has been maximally successful in crypto has at least been, in part, a fundamentals investor. Those sub have dabbled with narrative investing. There are very few traders, I think, that actually make money. So that's the framework, I think, coming into this thing.
Speaker B: I will say traders definitely can make money, but they take their profits and they become an investor. So, like, the tiers you are in the pyramid can also kind of represent your portfolio. So, like, you know, 10% trade. Don't mess too much with that. You know, 20% to 30% narrative speculate over a longer term cycle, and then the rest you just set and forget and don't touch. And that's your bitcoin, your eth, your monies.
Speaker A: I know that's very much been your strategy. Right. And has previously been my strategy in previous cycles. I think this cycle, I'm being a little less active on the narrative investing side. I'm just kind of letting it rise because, like, I'm tired, dude. I'm, like, tired.
Speaker B: But you're going down the pyramid towards the fundamentals because that's good. Because I'm going up the pyramid towards the narratives.
Speaker A: Well, basically. Right. But, like, I know your strategy is pretty much what you've said, which is your fundamentals investing with, like, the bulk of your. Your stack, let's call it. I don't know if that's 80% for you or something like that, but, you know, the other, you know, 2015% to 20%, you're not afraid to put on some narrative trades, and indeed, you play the game. Why not ride the cycles out? So, I guess I will say, before we get in, for many, narrative investing is going to be an optional side quest, right? So I don't do very much of it. David does a little bit more. It's kind of like, you don't have to do it to go on your bankless journey to do well in crypto, but you can, and I do want to caveat this by saying it's also kind of dangerous, because, as we said, narrative investing is a type of speculation. You're speculating on what's going to receive the most attention in crypto. And, like, I will say, many of you listening to this probably shouldn't be doing it. Okay. Because probably the limiting factor for you is you don't have time. You don't have time to keep up with all of these narratives.
Speaker B: You have to be on the game.
Speaker A: You need to listen to every single bank of podcast, okay? Like, you need to, like, consume Twitter. Like, you need to be fire hose into your mouth.
Speaker B: More niche corners of the Internet than banks. Yeah. Bankless is we can't cover the tale of narratives. Like, that's not what we do 100%.
Speaker A: And the other caution I would give is some of you who go down the narrative path will be tempted to over allocate. Like, you'll be addicted to it because this is shorter term time horizons. And I'm talking about, like, big risk but also big return. Like, the truth is, narrative investing is the way you do a 20 to 100 x in a cycle. You're not going to do a 20 to 100 x on your bitcoin and eth stack. You're just not. Okay. You might be able to do a five to ten x in five to ten years. Okay, but, like, when we're talking about massive returns, that's why people are so attracted to this, but they can become addicted. So those are the caveats that I would say as we get into this. But now let's get into it. And I think the first rule to understand about narrative investing is you basically, you take all the fundamentals you learned and you just kind of set them aside, because for narrative investing, fundamentals really have no place. So, David, when you were talking about Filecoin, arweave and render and what else did you mention? A bit tensor.
Speaker B: Yeah, bitten. So there's like, ten others I could have mentioned.
Speaker A: It doesn't even matter if they're actually used by AI at this point in time, because it's not about that. It's about attention. It's about the story. Can you get eyeballs on it? Can you get people thinking that this is part of an asset that captures some part of this? So you have to think completely different again, with this segment of your portfolio. You can't think from a fundamentals perspective. And I ran across this fantastic article by a guy by the name of Victor, who actually puts out a substat called crypto natives, and he titled the post how to catch a few 20 to 100 x coins during the next bull run. And what I love about this post, David, because I think you'll resonate with a lot of the lessons that he mentions, is this is lessons from 2021, because every single cycle plays out in a similar way from a narrative investing perspective. Right? Like the 2021 bull run had a set of narratives that were incredibly lucrative, incredibly attractive, like 20 to 100 x ers. And this cycle will as well. And so history doesn't repeat, but it rhymes. So I think one useful exercise for us to do is to go look at 2021 and see what actually worked there and go down memory lane and then see what we can draw out. Some of the lessons we might be able to draw out for 2024. So you ready to do that?
Speaker B: Yeah, let's do it. It is worth noting that every cycle rhymes but does not repeat. And so we are making just pattern identification of 2024 and 2025 100%.
Speaker A: So this will be different in. In ways that we just can't anticipate at this point.
Speaker B: AI themed. It'll be AI themed. Yeah.
Speaker A: Well, that. That will probably be a narrative, and maybe we'll end with, like, that narrative and some other narratives that you predict. But, okay, here's what happened last time. The first thing that happened in the 2021 narrative investing market is that shiny new coins outperformed. Old coins. Okay. Shiny new coins outperform. Old coins underperformed. Example, ripple. Stellar bitcoin cash. Neo iota, eos. Dash. You remember these coins, they never even tron, never reached their previous all time highs in dollars. They never have reached it. And they've been down only versus something like bitcoin or an ether since 2018. Take a look at this. You know what this is, David?
Speaker B: This is a very. This is my childhood in crypto. This is what the coin market cap looks like. Back when I was getting into crypto. Wow. When Dash was number eight. No one knows what Dash is anymore.
Speaker A: This is the coin market cap from 2017. Yeah, so you mentioned it from. From your first cycle. Look at these coins. What else pops out at you?
Speaker B: Uh, Eosteller. Neo. Neo. The Ethereum of China. Qtum. It is a ethereum smart contracting layer over a bitcoin utxo model. Makes no sense.
Speaker A: I did not even.
Speaker B: Whatsoever.
Speaker A: Right under that is bit connect. You remember bit connect?
Speaker B: Yeah. Big connect. The actual Ponzi scheme that lasted way too long.
Speaker A: No, you talk about a narrative. Number eleven, bitcoin gold. Do you remember all these weird bitcoin forks?
Speaker B: There was a lot of bitcoin forks. Yep.
Speaker A: As number eleven in the crypto market cap. So there's some durable things like bitcoin, ethereum. But number three is bitcoin cash. Where's bitcoin cash now is XRP.
Speaker B: Now if it's on the top 100. Yeah, XRP is still around. It's still in the top 20.
Speaker A: But. But again, back to you. It hasn't actually outperformed. Ether has never gone back to kind of all time highs since 2018.
Speaker B: Other than bitcoin and ether, the only exception to this rule has been dogecoin, which is also one of the big narratives of this cycle, which is meme coins.
Speaker A: Yes. Yes. Okay. So old coins will underperform. Shiny new coins are probably the ones to look at from a narrative investing perspective. You want to go with the old dogs? The second lesson from Victor's post is also great. Most coins underperformed bitcoin before the bull run really starts. That's where we are now. This is still a bitcoin owned bull run. Okay. As expected, this is how it plays out that tells you that the actual bull run for this narrative investing shenanigans that's about to happen has not started yet. It hasn't really started.
Speaker B: The whole flows of money, of capital, of dollars, into the bitcoin ETF, to me, is just like the rocket being loaded up with fuel. It is the hydraulic pump that is just getting primed to. As soon as bitcoin calms down, as soon as flows equilibria, all of the BTC holders who are just extremely wealthy. And ETH is following right along bitcoin. And honestly, so is Solana too. A lot of the blue chips, the top five assets are up bigly. As soon as this main big move, the start of the bull market takes a breather, that hydraulic pump is going to just ram market cap down the stack. And so people are going down to like, the 200 chart, the 300 level charts on the coingecko and looking at like, what are some of the most degen plays I can make right now? As if bitcoin grows 10%, some tiny little shitcoin is going to go 1000 x. And this is just, and we have never seen bitcoin being primed this hard ever before because of the bitcoin ETF. It's absolutely an insane alignment of stars.
Speaker A: Yeah. And people will, will point out over the last, hey, but over the last six months, there have been pockets of, of narrative investments that have outperformed bitcoin. And yes, absolutely, that is true. It's already started in small ways, but I just, we ain't seen nothing yet. Okay? Right now, this is still bitcoin's ride. We haven't seen the true kind of like narrative, uh, investing, uh, degeneracy that we're about to see. Uh, so that's the second point. Um, the third point, and this is incredibly important, is how fast it happens. Time. We're in the bull market now, guys. Time is about to speed up. It already has sped up and it's going to go warp speed. Most of the gains for these types of narrative investments are concentrated in a period of a few months time. Okay? During the last bull market, for example, January to May, August to November 2021, these were the periods of time where it just felt like easy mode up, only nothing could go down. There's this famous GCR tweet that, that Victor mentioned in his blog post that says this, you should be sacrificing, this was the peak 2021, October 2, 2021. You should be sacrificing your weekends to give everything you have, harvesting all possible yield out of this market. Oh, you're 22 and you want to have fun with your friends. You will never have such easy opportunities for generational wealth, even if you live another 80 years. At that point in time, it was kind of true ish, that, like, okay, look at this BnB eight x in 20 days. February 2021. That in 20 days, it. Eight x. That is the binance coin. It had a narrative season. Sushi six x in one month. Aave six x in one month. This kind of tells you that, like, um, it can be absolutely explosive and you want to get in on the front end of these types of, uh, narrative trades and not the backend, because it can shoot up in a hurry and get away from you.
Speaker B: I think this also just shows that these things are not investable. They are speculatable. Like, you do not find. Like, you don't go sifting for, like, this AI gem and then plan on being a long term holder of that AI gem. That is going to be a two, maybe nine month long thing. And even nine months is long. It's just you are waiting for, hopefully to strike gold, hopefully for that thing to pump, but as soon as it does, you are not going to. You do not believe more in that thing. You cash out. Right? Like, you do. It doesn't. It's not a long term process.
Speaker A: And that's true, by the way. That's true, by the way. Even if the thing that you're investing has fundamentals, buying from us, like, filecoin has fundamentals, okay, but it doesn't have a hundred billion dollars worth of fundamentals, right? It's not worth that much, probably. And so that's even true with things that have some sliver of fundamentals underneath them. The last point here is, don't let the bear market PTSD rob you of the insane gains. What Victor is commenting on here is you have to change your orientation. Some of you might still be, if you're doing this narrative investing, some of you still might be holding on to the PTSD of the bear market where, like, every pump you just got, like, oh, I don't believe that. That's not real. You know, it's going to go back down. And in the bear market, that's the behavior you're rewarded for, right? You're. You're rewarded for pessimism, not in the bull market. Momentum has shift shifted completely. You got to get out of that mindset. Like, things are just going to go up and they're going to get. Go up in a hurry. So don't let that PTSD from the bear market, like, stop you if this is what you're. You're trying to do. So those are the four lessons that we learned, I think, from 2021 that are probably still valid going into 2024.
Speaker B: I think it's also worth noting that it becomes increasingly hard to remind yourselves that you need to be sober when froth is happening, like left and right. When we go, if you go right now, the day of recording, March 4, if you go look at the top movers in the last seven days, it's bonk Doge, Pepe Dogwith hat, like all of the meme coins, right? The bull market. I remember one of the biggest mistakes I made last bull market was thinking that the bull market was going to last longer than it did. It did get cut short. Like, the whole interest rate phenomenon thing happened. But I kind of considered the bull market starting in 2021, not when it actually started, which was like May and 2020, when Defi summer was a thing. The biggest thing to remember is as the total crypto market cap goes up to where it is right now at 2.5 billion, maybe it tops out around 10 billion. A little bit more. Everyone is sitting on a mountain of paper gains, and this is when the game of chicken continues. Goes on. Everyone. If everyone has paper gains and no one has sold, whoever sells first gets to make out like a bandit, and they get to leave everyone else with the bag. And if buying turns into selling, all of those paper gains collapse down to just, like, normal app parity, like, one to one, like, no gains for everyone. And you want to have to have sold before that happens.
Speaker A: And you can't trust yourself to call the top, and you can't trust yourself. You can trust yourself to know in the moment whether, like, to sell or not. You can't trust your instincts in psychology. So if you do this, my recommendation to you is have a sell plan going in. Right? What do you do if it five x's? What do you do if it ten x's? What do you do if it, you know, 50 x's? Have a plan at all of those various points.
Speaker B: You want to know what the common denominator is between Sam Bankman fried, three arrows capital, and Alex Mashinsky at Celsius.
Speaker A: Oh, wow. That's a cast of characters.
Speaker B: What the common denominator is, as the bull market went on, they took on more leverage, not less. They took on more exposure, not less. Both Sam Bankman fried and 3 hours capital started with a risk adjusted basis trade, which is basically the least risky thing you could do. They started the bull market with that, and then they both ended with massive amounts of leverage. I'm pretty sure this is the same for Alex Machinsky as well. As we all are going to get drunk in the next six months. Some of us already are. You are going to want to have more exposure because you're going to Fomo left and right. Actually, it's the time to get less exposure as the bull market goes on.
Speaker A: Yeah, I want to get maybe end some of this section with some of the top signals, David. But like, one quick recap, do you know what some of the main themes for the 2021 cycle, some of these were more real than others. Right? The first one was Defi. Remember Defi summer? Defi 1.0? That was some reality being priced back in. And then it went absolutely crazy. But look at this. Aave and synthetix from bottom to top. The gains and aave and synthetix were 500 x and a thousand x. Absolutely incredible. And then we had this alt layer one season, which was another narrative trade last cycle. So that's where you saw, like saloon.
Speaker B: Saloon, avax.
Speaker A: Yeah. And Phantom and BNB. Again, all of these things. And then you had an alt layer one ecosystem playbook. So BnB is pumping so cake, which is an app on top of BnB.
Speaker B: Should pump the uniswap of BnB.
Speaker A: Exactly. And then we had, briefly, a metaverse pump. Do you remember this? So Facebook's rebranding to the metaverse, and so sand and mana and Gala went absolutely crazy. And then in the background, you had axie infinity going nuts. And then, of course, the true narrative trade throughout all of this was the meme coins, shib and the doggy coins, Elon, all of these things. We had nfts as well. These were some of the main narratives from last cycle and might be helpful as we try to predict the narratives for this cycle. But a few of the top signals that I felt like were right on that. He points out, too, as you'll resonate with this main character and the worship of some crypto figures.
Speaker B: Oh, okay. Deifying wealth. Whoever makes a lot of wealth.
Speaker A: Yes. So let's name some of them. Sam Bankman freed.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: Cz Suzu. Elon Musk do Kwan. Richard Hart. Andre Cronier is a great guy.
Speaker B: He got deified by a bunch of degens. It gets. We get animal spirits left and right.
Speaker A: Yep. Some of these are great guys. Some of them are not so great guys. And that's one thing to look out for. If you're looking for top signals, look for the deification of some of these main characters. Character characters.
Speaker B: Can we pan out who we got in a fight with last cycle? Spf. Suzu do Kwan, Richard Heart and Danny Sesta.
Speaker A: Yes, we did. We didn't get in a fight with Elon Musk, I'll point out, which is.
Speaker B: Somebody, I don't know if Elon Musk deserves to be there, but whatever.
Speaker A: So that's one top signal, right? Is the deification of main characters. Another top signal is closely related. Is this cult. You'll feel like this cult type vibe of some kind of like a cult Ponzi, which, you know, you can't say anything disparaging about their bags. You can't, like, rationally argue with them. Do you remember the peak for this was when we had a debate. The podcast was entitled, is Luna a ticking Tom time bomb? Is terra Luna ticking time bomb? And of course, this was six weeks before it absolutely blew up. And we had a bull for Luna, and we had a bear. And that post, that episode got absolutely attacked on all social media that we've seen. You should see the YouTube comments are so gross. Yeah, and the lunatics, right? Basically, we got lunatics warmed, lunatic attacked. And then I remember whenever the terra.
Speaker B: Luna bear would speak, the comments would just get wild about, this guy's making no sense. He's so unconfident. And they were really bolstering up the bull because he was pumping their bags and they were just taking down the bear.
Speaker A: If you see a cult with a Ponzi, with a group of followers, hit that sell button, okay? Because it means bad things are ahead. You might be able to ride it for a little bit, but, like, eventually bad things are ahead without fail. Every community that has had this type of vibe has completely collapsed.
Speaker B: The louder that the cult gets, the stronger the sell signal.
Speaker A: Danny says his ecosystem was exactly this way. Richard heart with Hex. Right? Even Olympus Dao had, like, vibes of this. The other thing to maybe look for, like, the last top signal is, oh, when we start to get this kind of shit, David, FTX arena. Remember the FTX arena?
Speaker B: Buying. Buying arenas. Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: So Vegas sphere, I know you've mentioned this before. If the Vegas sphere starts to have a crypto project on it, or tokenization, like sell top signal, maybe wait like.
Speaker B: Two days and then sell.
Speaker A: Okay, so that's narrative investing. We've just scratched the surface of it. I'm curious as we end this episode. So we started this episode talking about the AI narrative, AI meme coins, AI tokens. There's some substance there. There's a lot of narrative memetic energy. It's definitely a narrative investment or narrative trade. Besides that, what do you think? You promised us three. David's prediction for big crypto narratives on the level of, like, the metaverse or like nfts this cycle, what are the other two?
Speaker B: Yeah, so number one, obviously, crypto and AI, that's like what the whole first half of this episode was, a very distant second, because I really want to emphasize how strong I think the crypto AI just meta is about to be. A very distant second, but also extremely strong is the bitcoin renaissance. Uh, this is the bitcoin layer two, mania and also tokens on the bitcoin layer one, both inscriptions and bitcoins equivalent of an ERC 20 token, which is not, by the way, a BRC 20 token. That's something that's coming soon. We're going to talk to Casey Rotimer about that. Uh, tokens on the bitcoin layer one. Uh, nfts on the bitcoin layer one, and also bitcoin layer twos. Uh, bitcoins getting layer twos. And one of the reasons why I think this is so powerful is related a function of the money ness of BTC, the asset. There is three times as much money as there is in bitcoin as there is in Ethereum. And look at how much speculation and NFT activity there is on the Ethereum chain. Multiply that by three, because that's how much more money there is in bitcoin. I mean, then take some premium away because like, the layer twos on bitcoin are strictly inferior to layer twos on ethereum, just on a technical capacity. But nonetheless, if there's a lot of money in the ecosystem, there will be a lot of speculation. We've seen NFT projects, ordinal projects on bitcoin mint, and then immediately pump a three x. And this is what happens when there's a lot of latent demand for speculation on any sort of chain that has a big stockpile of money, which is BTC, the asset. The bitcoin renaissance, I think is going to be perhaps the second biggest narrative of this cycle.
Speaker A: Okay, AI tokens, bitcoin renaissance. What's number three?
Speaker B: Eigen layer restaking. And it should come as no surprise of people who look into, who have been watching bankless, the amount of capital that I think is going to be injected into the Ethereum space over the next six to nine months as a result of eigen layer, both from LRT is becoming tokenized and avss becoming tokenized. And then avss spitting out yield is, I think, going to be massive. I think AVSS is going to be kind of, remember yield farming, defi yield farming, food farms of the Defi summer cycle of 2020. I think that's about to be repeated in, at the AV's layer around Eigen layer. It's going to be extremely frothy people. I think fundamentally, the eigen layer structure is sound, but human greed at a higher level, a leverage level on top of that, will test how sound that structure is. And so just the yield, I think, is going to also produce a ton of capital injection and a lot of speculation.
Speaker A: Interesting timing as well. At the time of recording, Eigen Lair today has just passed a billion locked value, or 10 billion, excuse me. Which, by the way, was, David, your prediction for 2024, and it happened two months in to 2024. Right. Gotta pump those numbers again. Fast forward like this is like the bull market is going to be exceedingly fast. And, you know, at some level, if you're. If you're hearing about the narrative and it's getting like amplified in a big way, you might be a little late to that, to that particular narrative. Right. So there's probably some other restaking types of opportunities out there, but, um, at least a good portion of that has. Has already leaked its way into. Into the market. I would say.
Speaker B: I said this once before, but I'd really just want to emphasize this. The thing that will end the bull market is the magnitude of paper gains that people have. Right now, we're sitting on a lot of paper gains because as a crypto industry, everyone inside of crypto, who are crypto believers that were sidelined, have bought and that put bitcoin up from 20k up to where it was at 45k. It took ETH from like 1000 up to $2500. It took Solana from $10 to like $120. That was internal capital. We have not yet seen external capital except with bitcoin. We have not yet seen external capital. Retail is just now coming back into the market as of the last two weeks. Coinbase is just now as an app, rising in the ranks of downloads per week or activities users per week. Coinbase is now crashing. Retail is coming in as of this week because we are threatening all time highs. So the first phase of the bull market is over. The first of the phase where all of sideline capital buys. Now everyone is basically exposed because we are all expecting retail to come in. The second phase of the bull market has started. This phase of the bull market will end when we are all sitting on too many paper gains and we all want to cash out because we made life changing money. And so it doesn't matter how strong the fundamentals are, it doesn't matter like, how cool these projects are. Eventually, once there's too much paper gains, uh, the animal spirits will invert, and buying will turn into selling, and selling will beget selling, and the bull market will be over. Who knows when that is?
Speaker A: You know, who knows when it is? There's no mistake. On the. On the weekly roll up, every. Every week, we talk about the total crypto market cap, right? And so we are now at 2.6 trillion. The last all time high in total crypto market cap was about 2.9. And that was at the various. The very peak. So you could see that here, right? You see 2.9 in November of 2021. The cycle before that was 2018. That was in January, February 2018. The cycle high was not just under a trillion, it was 850 billion. Okay, so the big question, the thing to look at is, how high will this go? I remember during more sober times, this was just like, not. Not less, probably than two or three months ago, you and I actually predicted this. I think that you said something. Do you say 10 trillion? Something like that?
Speaker B: I think I said like 10 trillion. Yeah, I think that's.
Speaker A: Yeah. And I was like, you know, ten to 15 trillion, somewhere in that range. Right. But is it going to be. Is it going to be six on the very low side, is it going to be eight, or is it going to be 20 trillion? We actually don't know. But the closer we get to those amounts, the more paper gains is kind of what you're saying on the books. And, uh, the. The more we get into, uh, be careful. This market's getting exuberant territory, right?
Speaker B: 100%. I remember, uh, in 2017, in my crypto chat group with all my friends, I think the crypto market cap passed 850, um, billion dollars. And I. I sent out the question, how long will. This was like November of 2017. How long, guys, question to you. How long after we cross $1 trillion? Will it take us across $2 trillion? And I remember said, I said, we're going to cross it in January, 1 trillion, and then we're going to cross 2 trillion in May. We never cross 1 trillion.
Speaker A: That is first cycle, David. That's a first cycle, David. Ok, guys, we will end it there. Of course, these side quests around narrative investing, purely optional. If you just want to block out the noise and just, you know, stack some ether stacks and bitcoin, I totally understand. I got to end with this. Of course, you know, crypto is risky. You could lose what you put in. But we are headed west. This is the frontier. It's not for everyone. But we're glad you're with us on the bankless journey. Thanks a lot.
