Speaker A: What's up, everyone?
Speaker B: All right, what's up?
Speaker C: Shall we get started?
Speaker B: We shall.
Speaker C: All right. Just raise your hand if you knew that this podcast would be happening when you sat down here. Okay, so not very many.
Speaker D: Yeah, me neither.
Speaker C: All right, let's go ahead and get started. Welcome bankless nation, ZK World, all the Zkers out there, people who believe in ZK cryptography, and also the Alfalfa podcast.
Speaker A: About some alfalfa family members back here. What's up, Alpha Alpha fam?
Speaker C: About two years ago, I was living in San Diego, and I had just the absolute luck to stumble into these fine young gentlemen. And there's been this unofficial marriage of our community ever since. We would call they. I think maybe it was me. Maybe it was you guys would deem bankless the classroom and the Alfalfa podcast the bar.
Speaker B: It was your analogy.
Speaker C: We're good at analogies at Banglas, and so we were at the bar before we came here. So I'm going to apologize in advance for any of the shenanigans.
Speaker B: No, we're being above board. We agreed on this.
Speaker C: We'll do our best to keep it above board.
Speaker B: The Fal's podcast is way belowboard.
Speaker C: Yeah, that is for sure. Maybe you guys could give yourselves a little bit of an introduction and overall, your individual vibes. One thing I appreciate about these fine young gentlemen, of which we are missing one, there's actually four of them, is that they all kind of come from different walks of life to converge on the Alpha Alpha podcast and also converge into the crypto world. So they're all businessmen, they're all entrepreneurs, they're all financial speculators, but they all got their own kind of flavor about it. So, Arman, maybe introduce yourself and talk to us about your flavor of financial speculation.
Speaker B: Sure. I mean, at the end of the day, we are four entrepreneur and investor friends. We say we're seeking the alfalfa, the alfalfa in money and meaning. So the approach we take to the. To the money part of it is we're not biased toward any one protocol or any one asset. If you told me tomorrow that multifamily real estate was gonna make me the most money, that's what we're gonna discuss. And what we love about David is that he has such great conviction, and we have this balance between us where we can have this dialogue about what we're up to, what we believe in, and we are absolute eth bultards. Of course, right now, we're gonna talk about all of that, but that's really the flavor of the podcast. And then, of course, we tend inject what's going on in society, what's going on in the culture, what's going on in terms of your philosophical disposition toward life. And we have these really deep conversations that have sprouted and created, no pun intended, whoa, sprout. That have created this incredible community that even you, David, today tweeted, is one of the best communities in crypto. I think it's the best discord on the Internet, and it's incredible. So it's not so much about us. It's about the people that we've attracted and brought in. Thanks to you as well for having us on the pod, you know, a year and a half, two years ago. So my personal flavor is, you know, I'm an entrepreneur. I've been one for twelve years. I invest in this stuff because I want to become wealthy, and I am not at the level that, say, a trader like Stephen or a tradfi guy like Eric is, which he'll tell you more about. But I am looking to get rich slowly over a long period of time, and I love this whole world.
Speaker C: Fantastic. That was great. Armon. Eric, give us a little bit of sense of your flavor. What flavor are you?
Speaker A: Okay, so my flavor is. I'm a tradfi investment manager. We run a CFA in your twitter. Yeah, I'm a CFA. I'm the crypto CFA on Twitter. I don't post much on Twitter, but I am. I am a crypto CFA, and I think. I like to think that I'm on the forefront of blending tradfi with crypto with great, thanks to bankless educating me on what I believe is, like, the best risk reward in the investable universe today, which, in my opinion, is eth right now.
Speaker C: They're not just saying that. They also say that when I'm not.
Speaker A: On the podcast, I fully believe this. So, I mean, we'll get into this later, but I got a lot of traffic clients who are dipping their toes into crypto, or maybe they're interested in it and they have fresh money into their accounts and, like, okay, so what do we buy now? And they're like, okay, we could buy Nvidia at all time highs. Or here's, like, eth, something that I believe in, like, great growth potential, still trading at 40% off its all time highs. This is, like, for me, an awesome opportunity. And Steven and I, we also do another podcast called irresponsibly long.
Speaker C: Same podcast feed, different title.
Speaker A: Yeah, but I'll let Steven go now, Steven's a full time trader, but we run another podcast, too, that talks about how to make money.
Speaker C: Stephen, let's hear from you. The caboose. Bring it in the end. Come on.
Speaker D: Hi, my name is Steven. I'm a professional degenerate. I guess I am the phase. You know how you go on Twitter and you see the cartoon pictures, like, posting charts of coins you've never heard of? And that's me. That's me. I trade everything. I trade index futures and tradfi, but I also trade on chain meme coins and nfts. I'm definitely a profit maxi, but I have a soft spot in my heart for Ethereum. This is my fourth cycle, so I've been through the wringer. I've made a lot of money, I've lost a lot of money. I've done a lot of smart stuff, a lot of stupid stuff.
Speaker C: Can I swear in this sometimes?
Speaker D: I'm not used to censoring myself because of the other podcast, but, yeah, I met David a few years ago in San Diego, and it's been awesome having somebody to ground me in. The reason that we're all here, which is not just to make money. It's to do meaningful things and change the world and stuff. So thank you, David, for helping me keep a level head on my shoulders.
Speaker C: Well, that's funny, because I actually kind of say a very similar thing about you, except for making me more degenerate.
Speaker A: I was going to say that.
Speaker B: I've been told that people like it. They want more of it, David.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's hard being degenerate on bankless when I don't really. I really don't want to.
Speaker B: You're talking to senators, we're talking to drunk.
Speaker A: So bankless. The bankless audience is very buttoned up, and I feel like the alfalfa community is like. It's wanting a little bit more of, like, the beer and the. I don't know, just like, the fun.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker C: I was with. I actually got coffee with Hester Peirce this morning, and she was telling me about, like, this random podcast episode that she listened to, like, the LRT episode. I'm like, that's why we cannot be too degenerate on the bank of the podcast.
Speaker A: No, you guys are so good. You guys are so good at that role. Thank you.
Speaker C: One last characterization that I'll give Stephen is that Stephen, before he got into crypto, would yield farm poker tables online. How many poker tables would you have open at once?
Speaker D: I could do up to 30.
Speaker C: Yeah, so imagine a guy with a bunch of different screensh, hot king, 30 different poker tables, and then imagine what would happen when this same individual finds crypto.
Speaker D: This is a common journey, though. A lot of the crypto VC's, you guys know, a lot of the traders that you guys know, like, used to be professional poker players.
Speaker B: It's like a very Internet marketer, smooth hussy transition.
Speaker C: Yeah, there's like, the poker archetype, Brian Pellegrino, media buyers.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: Can you tell your story of how you went head to head against Phil Iveye?
Speaker C: Who's that?
Speaker A: Bill Ivy's, like, a prominent poker.
Speaker D: Very niche story. Yeah, I beat the best poker player in the world. Heads up. It was awesome.
Speaker C: With money on the table.
Speaker D: With money. Real money. For realsies.
Speaker C: And you rolled it into crypto?
Speaker D: Not as much as I should have now.
Speaker C: Okay, so the last time we did this, last time we had a podcast, it was something like April of 2022, and it was right before. Was it right before Terra Luna crash? I don't think we talked about the Terra Luna crash. Okay, so it was something like February. Cause, like, terra Luna crash in March.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: It was still, like a time where some people were like, this is a pullback. And other people were like, get out. And there was some, like, uncertainty in the air.
Speaker A: Yeah. David was saying it's a pullback. Steven was saying, get out.
Speaker C: We went from, like, $4,900 eth down to, like, $2,200 eth, and I was like, yo, come on. 40, 50, 60% pullbacks happen all the time in bull market, guys. And I think every single one of them were all extremely bearish.
Speaker B: We had a first episode.
Speaker C: This is not compute.
Speaker B: It was like, stephen predicts doom, I think.
Speaker A: I believe it was the first episode of our podcast, Stephen predicts doom. And that was, like, when ETH was still 4k.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, so congrats. You guys were right. I was wrong about that one. But then. So that was. That was two years ago. We've all chewed grass, glass through the bear market, especially your guys community, which was formed in the bear market. And now, even though we are not at all time highs now, either in bitcoin or in ether, I think a lot of people's portfolios are at all time highs, because that's what happens when you buy the buy through the bear market. And now we are entering, like, Stevens, your fifth cycle or. Fourth cycle? Yeah, fourth cycle. And many people have, like, seen a thing or two now that we've done all of this again, so, like, I came in during the ico mania. I think that's probably true for you guys as well.
Speaker A: No, I came in during defi mania.
Speaker C: Defi mania. Okay, so you're even fresher.
Speaker A: Yeah, Stephen got me on board, actually, initially by showing me that all these, like, food tokens were yielding 50% pancake swap.
Speaker B: And Eric was calling a rat poison.
Speaker A: Just like I was like a Warren Buffett acolyte. So I was completely anti crypto until Steven and bankless kind of converted me.
Speaker D: But to Eric's credit, I was like, hey, you have to pay $15,000 for this jpeg. And he was skeptical at first, but eventually he was like, okay. And then he bought a crypto punk.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, I bought the punk.
Speaker C: Right? Yeah. Starting with the punk, you start with quality, right? Then you go down the long curve. Steven, I actually want to pick your brain a little bit, because you're the one who's seen the most cycles. 2017, we had this ico mania. We learned to leverage the ERC 20 token. All of a sudden, we could mint a bunch of assets, nfts in 2021, it turns out we could append jpegs for those assets, and it was a brand new thing. Now we have points, which is a new, like, hey, we're going to make another kind of asset. It's called points. Like, all bull markets kind of spawn this way. Like, we find a new mechanism to distribute a bunch of assets. I want to see somebody who's seen the cycle one more pattern than I have. How stereotypical does this whole movement feel? Or is this time different?
Speaker D: It's a little of both to me. Like, the cycles are interesting because crypto is this funny dichotomy where there's something very real going on here and there's all these gigabrains, right? But also, like, 99% of the stuff on Coingecko is just a complete ponzi, basically. And then we're sort of forced to deal with this reality, and it's difficult to explain it to people on the outside who don't know. They're like, how does that even make sense? And so, like, every cycle, I feel like there's these things that we evolve on in the degeneracy end, right? The farming thing was a big evolution. Last cycle we had the ico thing, and then suddenly we're farming tokens, and then we create these weird games we play to get people to lock up stuff so other people can dump. And it kind of becomes like a poker game in a way. And then people figure the game out, and then that whole strategy doesn't work anymore. Now, as you said, I'm seeing the points thing. Everybody has points. Everything's gamified. Like, blast just opened up, and I thought I was going to take my money off, and they're like, wait, you just unlocked a ten x multiplier. If you don't take your money out, this could be yours. And you're like. It feels like you're in like an MLM funnel or something. And I don't like it, but I get it. It's effective. But on the other end, there is very legitimate stuff. It is different this time. I'm very optimistic for this cycle, because ETF is the main thing. This is a new paradigm where we actually have flows coming in from traffic. There's like a half billion dollars a day just funneling into our space. It's not anything we've ever had before. And you would be stupid to say, like, oh, no, everything is always a rug. It's always a rug. We always get our hopes up and we get rugged. Yeah, it's true. That happens a lot, but something is different this time. So it is and it isn't. And I think you're gonna have to wade through that nuance.
Speaker C: I think the way that I would characterize this is that I've never seen a such a large gap between how legitimizing, legitimized this industry is being by the ETF's versus how stupid, degenerate some of the other plays are. On the other end of the spectrum. Like, if you look at the top 100 movers in the last seven days, it's doge with bonk pepe, and then AI coins. And then on the other side of the spectrum, bitcoin put in $250 million in market cap in the last seven days. And I think with last cycle, with the pool two, the yield farming, the high yield, 10,000% AP wise, at least some of the farms had some attempt at a rationale for why they were doing it. There was some legitimate story as like, yeah, it's like a 10,000% APY, but we're going to build this protocol. It's going to be real. Whereas now it's either just like, you stake your eth, you wait for the ETF, you buy the bitcoin, and then you also buy Pepe or bonk or something. And then this chasm of quality is just like, no one's paying attention to that middle ground. So it's either just like, you feel very safe on the ETF side. And then you also take some of your portfolio and you go as far down the low iq side of the spectrum as possible. But then there's this massive goalie, which is where I'm used to playing and which feels very, very, like, ignored at this phase of the market. That's kind of how I feel.
Speaker D: Yeah, I avoid that region. Like, the play. Like, my portfolio is very barbella. I am massively, like, overweight ETH and bitcoin. And then I'm trading dogcoins and AI and the stuff in the middle where it's, like, maker. And look at the cash flows. That's the stuff that, in my brain, is the scary thing. As a trader, I don't like cash flows because the cash flows ground people in reality. I like the fact that.
Speaker C: And reality is bearishen.
Speaker D: Reality is, yeah, I don't want to be constrained. I want people to think crazy stuff. Like, if I'm trading and I'm just. I'm in it for the gains. Like, I just want the coin to be able to go as high as possible. Like, if somebody can look at it and go like, yeah, the emperor has no clothes, I don't.
Speaker B: It wants to have the potential to go viral on TikTok to, like, Gen Z.
Speaker C: Right. And if MKR cash flow is not going viral on TikTok.
Speaker B: No, it's too sophisticated.
Speaker C: Eric, you're kind of in a tough position because. Well, I mean, tell me about your position, because, like, you are talking to people who wear, like, suits and ties that have, like, families and kids, and they need to, like, have some sort of exposure. What's it like to talk, to have these conversations in this day and age?
Speaker A: Well, first, can I just, like, give a little bit more perspective? Because Steven's been through four crypto cycles. But, like, in the tradfi world, I started investing prior to the.com bubble and then.com bubble bursting. So I've seen many cycles and just, like, assets. And one thing I notice just through seeing many cycles is, like, how much PTSD there is after you have a massive downturn, which we just. We pulled back 80% on the majors. You know, some of these small caps are down 90% plus. And I feel like now what we're seeing is, like, most people who are texting Steven, texting me, their first text is actually saying, like, should we be selling right now? Because they're finally back to break even or maybe, like, a slightly profitable on their initial buys. And it's like, no, dude, like, we're back. We're totally back. And I think to the, to the small cap question, like, you find this in trad five two, where you get Nvidia at all time highs, but what's outperforming that? Like, affirm and, you know, little shit memes or whatever. So I think that's, that's pretty normal. How it. How it's, like, coming to me now is, like, I think most tradvite clients are still very skeptical about crypto at large. You know, we manage, like, young professional portfolios all the way up to retirees and stuff. So, like, a lot of people are crypto never errs still. And it's hard when I see, like, the best risk reward trade on earth is, like, at least crypto majors. It's like, it's hard to convince somebody who's crypto never, but, like, young people are more, more inclined.
Speaker B: Have you noticed the difference with your clients around how now there is actual, an actual ETF? This is a one way road. The technology is out of the box. It's moving, it's institutionalized. Like, has that changed the narrative at all for people where they're like, oh, this is not just gonna completely fail. It's not a huge, you know what?
Speaker A: Like, you would think that that brings the validity to it, but I think the only thing that will bring validity to it is price. As price goes higher, then they're like, oh, it is real.
Speaker C: Okay, so this is the crazy thing that I'm seeing happen with the bitcoin ETF where, like, the meme about bitcoin has been, what is, what is bitcoin's marketing department, the price and, like, now that can actually be expressed and excite fomo in people who don't have a coinbase account, don't have a private key, don't have, like, a kraken account, like, whatever, have no previous ways of, like, getting on chain, but now it doesn't matter anymore. And so, like, the viral loop between the bitcoin price appreciation to the ETF inflows, which creates bitcoin fundamentals, which makes bitcoin price increase, which, like, feeds back into just, like, people fomoing into their brokerage. Like, this is why I kind of think that we are approaching all time highs well before the happening, which has never happened before in any cycle ever. And so this is like, the fundamentals of this bull market. And then, like, all of the DJ's who are, like, know a thing or two about crypto are like, oh, yeah, that is real fundamentals. I'm gonna buy doge.
Speaker D: It's super interesting watching, like, the boomer mind cannot comprehend crypto, right? Like, we, we look at these like 80% drawdowns, right? Or stuff just going to zero. And we're like, yeah, it's part of the game, right?
Speaker C: Right. I love it. More. Give me more.
Speaker D: All of these people, for the most part, not to over, over generate, but pretty much all of them, they don't understand this concept of they bought an asset and tomorrow it's down like 25%. They have no idea. And they certainly don't understand this. Like, oh, I bought, like, right now there are people who bought a bitcoin ETF at like, forty two k, and they're up like 50% right now, in a week, in a month. And they're probably going to the country club. Like, bill, you're not going to believe this. It's like the equivalent of you doing like 100 x. Like you can't even grasp what is happening.
Speaker C: This bitcoin thing. I get it now.
Speaker D: And these people have money. They have real money. They have all of the wealth of the world, basically. Crypto is very young. And the bottom rung of the crypto people is the young person with five k in his checking account. He's trying to run it up. These are guys. Some of them have millions. There's real money that can flow into this. I'm curious, are they going to fomo? And what does boomer fomo look like?
Speaker C: There is no way that boomers don't have any less fomo than any other generation.
Speaker A: But they just, they don't go to the dog coins, though.
Speaker C: Right, right.
Speaker A: But, like, I firmly believe this, too, though. Like, I think the barbell strategy is the right strategy. But I'm actually asking you guys now, this is a real question. Like, to what degree can you actually allocate in your own portfolio real money to, like, an actual meme that you foresee going either to the moon or to zero. Because, like, I posted this quote in our discord recently from Stan Druckenmiller, who said, like, the way to make real money is to never lose and to hit home runs. And you, and when you see a fat pitch, you swing as hard as you can, and it takes a lot of courage to be a pig.
Speaker B: So you're saying I need to increase my doge allocation?
Speaker A: No, I'm saying, like, yes, like, how much? Like, how much doge can you actually put in? Like, how much?
Speaker B: 1% too little.
Speaker A: Well, is 1% where you're at? I don't know. Cause like, I'm, I'm actually, I'm actually asking you guys. Cause, like, I have no problem, like, being irresponsibly long the majors, right? Like bitcoin e. But like, on, on these memes, like, are you just sprinkling dust on it and kind of like, having fun? Or is this like an actual, an actual allocation for you?
Speaker C: The times that I have bought meme coins, it has been on the alpha of somebody else who plays in these markets way more than I do, Ryan. And I joke pretty frequently that, like, the bankless podcast was like the highest opportunity cost activity that we've ever done, because, like, we just don't have time to, like, sift through the markets. And that's, like, not what we've done. It's not what we do. Also, we were just, we're just not.
Speaker A: Those types of, like, shockingly little alpha coming from you guys.
Speaker C: Yeah. Right. It's like we. The bankless podcast is not about like any token that's below the top 100 in Coingecko, you know?
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker C: And so, like, I have a hard time. Maybe, Stephen, you can help me unpack this a little bit. I have a hard time separating, like, what is the difference between, like, if I want to be a dgen, leverage eth exposure to, like, dog coin exposure. Why can't I just be satisfied with, like, leverage eth exposure?
Speaker D: I mean, there's, there's risk of ruin with leverage versus just.
Speaker C: But there's not risk of ruin with dog coins.
Speaker D: Look, you can go to zero with a dog. If you buy a high beta asset, it goes up or down a lot with the underlying, it can kind of go to zero, but it can't go negative. You can do leverage in such a way where the coin doesn't go to zero, but your portfolio does. It also goes beyond zero. But I do sort of agree with you. There's this element where. But if you understand how to use leverage responsibly, and you're not just 20 x ing your whole account. I know, like, whales who have this philosophy, they're like, eth is a very good trade. I don't want to rotate to a million things. I can actually take Eth, lever it up like ten or 20%. That's a really nice gain. And then like, sure, some of these altcoins are going to outperform. But like, that's also an interesting strategy, is to basically have a thesis. And if that thesis isn't. People do this in tradfi when they trade bonds, right? They trade it with leverage, like bonds don't move a lot, but it's not about how much something moves, it's about the risk to the reward. So if you can define that risk really well, which you can do on an asset like ETH, which is kind of what's nice about it. If you're like a big player, you can put a lot of volume into it, a lot of size, and it's not going to wick down to zero on binance or something and liquidate your whole account. There's a benefit to that. And then you can very well define what is the worst case scenario for you and sort of size up that way. So, yeah, interesting trade.
Speaker A: I do feel like it's pretty hard to convince a guy like me to get to sell my ETH for a speculative play when the ETH has upside and I can yield to 30% plus on liquid restaking or just the native yield on ETH is enough to maybe compel me to stay in ETH. But what we're seeing in Etherfi and et cetera, it's very hard to beat that.
Speaker C: There's some patterns that I've picked up on, especially here at ETH Denver, that I think are going to define this bull market cycle. Bitcoin renaissance. There was a big bitcoin renaissance day yesterday here at ETH Denver. Like, we have bitcoiners here. We have, like, Nick Carter was actually here at ETH Denver complaining about how many, like, rainbow colors there are everywhere. Everywhere. So, like, bitcoin productivity, bitcoin layer twos, bitcoin Renaissance is like a big one, big theme. Restaking, obviously, like the Eigen layer has events every single day. ETH productivity, I don't really have, I haven't really seen that as a theme, but that's kind of like the underlying current I see everywhere. I ETH is becoming way more productive than it's already been in so many different capacities. And then I wanted to actually turn to a conversation of, which is like the last theme that I'm seeing, which I think is going to be the biggest one, which is the AI crypto overlap. I heard this take about, I think it was the AGI day on Monday, I walk into this AGI day summit, and it's Sriram from Eigen Lair giving a speech. I'm like, oh, Sriram, he can talk about anything. I heard this take, which is like, the AI crypto overlap is real, and then as a result of that reality, it will also be memed into something completely farcical and stupid. The real use cases for AI. Crypto is going to be narrow use cases of one or the other for the other, as in AI will leverage crypto very narrowly to put one final puzzle piece into something that they need, or vice versa. Crypto will put an AI puzzle piece into their larger system, but then it's a narrow application of each. And then, so those are the real actual fundamental uses of both for the other. And then there's the meme side, which is like the 50 50 split, which is like 150 percent of crypto project, 50% an AI project. And it just leverages the AI crypto meme out to a t. I see these, like, AI crypto particles colliding, and I'm getting, like, flashbacks of 2017 when people, like, spun up a website. We already have seen crazy financial speculation in the AI space before it even came to crypto. But what does crypto offer the AI industry? It offers fast liquidity. It offers fast tokenization. You can already raise $100 million startup as a result, as a wrapper around of chat GPT, and then you go to crypto to tokenize it, get liquidity play in the arena. And so, Armand, you actually have a startup in the AI space. You're also invested in the crypto space. I kind of want to get your just, like, vibe about, like, kind of what you see about these particles, these two particles colliding. What do you have any thoughts you have with next year for us?
Speaker B: So, like, in terms of how they collide, I think, like, actually there's a lot to be determined still. I look at it as AI native companies. So my company is called Steno. Steno AI. Oh, thank you. And at this point, every company needs to have AI as part of their tech stack. So I don't even look at, like, AI as a classification anymore, as like, oh, this is an AI type company unless it's an infrastructure company. Right. And in terms of how these two particles collide with, like, AI and crypto, I think that that's exactly correct. That, like, there's going to be a missing puzzle piece for an AI company where crypto or blockchain comes involved or vice versa, that I don't know a lot about. I know Steven was talking with one of our community members last night about the trillion dollar AI coin, the potential one. And I want to hear about that because we didn't get to talk about it on the Lyft back home. But at the end of the day, I think it's just infrastructure play part of your tech stack. And do you require it. Do you absolutely need it in your tech stack in order to accomplish the outcome? No, not necessarily, but I think companies that don't, everyone's talking about this is essentially a meme at this point, will be rendered obsolete by the competition that does, because it gives you a significant advantage. And the moats are not in technology, though. The moats are in distribution and user experience in brands. I think the people that thought that there were moats in the tech or in the data ended up being wrong. And a lot of the venture funds out there, like Sequoia, are publishing papers about this and realizing that, yeah, the advantages we thought were there in AI, the companies we were investing in, were actually making a mistake. We should have invested in the companies that just had incredible user experience and that could capture a market as quickly as possible. So that's where I've been focused. I'm more deeply immersed in the AI side, but I don't know. Curious what you guys think.
Speaker A: Well, you spoke about those two atoms colliding in very esoteric terms, at least that's the way I heard it. One thing that I'm maybe thinking about is how with AI, we can apply crypto's ideology to it. Decentralization and permissionless to AI. Where I think in AI, what you'll find is a lot of it's going to be censored. And I think that leaves open a pretty broad opportunity for crypto to play a role just in that narrow niche. But it could be huge.
Speaker D: Yeah, we were kind of early too. Like we were talking about. I don't know if you guys are familiar with render. Render, I don't know if it's render or bitten through. Now, that's the largest AI play, but render has been like a huge outperformer. It's probably like $7 right now. But we were kicking this around on the podcast a year ago at like twenty cents. The idea that, hey, AI is a thing Nvidia is pumping. What is the AI equivalent to this? But the idea that you can kind of rent out your GPU, like your excess GPU space, isn't super interesting to me. And I think Arman has said for his company, that's not necessarily something that crypto solves. But when I look around at what's happening right now, there is this element of censorship creeping into AI models, and it's giving me the vibes of why crypto is created around money. This idea of censorship resistant money. That is something that's interesting to me. The idea that there's going to be some sort of clamp down on the models, or we want the models to be more open and transparent, and the government gets in the way of that. I can totally see that balloon getting squeezed and a lot of that flowing to crypto. And I know that there are probably some incredible gems out there in the smaller cap space right now that are going to be 100 xs when this. I think everything is inevitably going to go very max stupid. And AI in particular is giving me the early ICO vibes 2017. So I'm not expecting stuff to go up and then stay up, but it's going to be kind of like a similar thing to the early Internet, where the market sort of sees the promise, or at least the promise on the horizon, and everybody apes in and things go way, way, way too high and then sort of die. But there's going to be a lot of opportunity there, and that's definitely where I'm trying to dig a lot right now.
Speaker C: One of the panels that I was listening to was one of my friends, Casey Caruso, was on, and it was about open AI models, not OpenAI, the company, open source AI models. And in contrast to closed source AI models, and the idea that the vibe on this panel was that we want as many AI models that exist, that there are websites out there, AI models can be as expressive as we want them to be. We can have literally limitless AI models. And she agreed with that, like, intention. That's a good vision. That's a noble vision. It's the vision that we want, like, we should have permissionless AI model development. But then she brought everyone down to reality where she said, there's so much centralization forces behind the tailwinds of people with all of the data and all of the compute. And so it's really great that we want as many AI models out there to do all of the things that we would want them to help us with our lives with. But when, like, two companies own all of the data and have all of the cheap access to computer, they are still going to be the ones that have the AI models that everyone uses. And so it's going to converge on, like, bard and chat GPT or whatever. And so we don't actually have that push towards the long tail of permissionless development of AI models. And the panel agreed. Like, there is a culture, there is an ethos, there is a vibe in the crypto space that would pull the demand down towards the long tail, because what do we have in crypto? We have permissionless money, we have permissionless innovation. We have permissionless access to data. We have all of these puzzle piece vibes, but without actually being able to imbue them into the AI system. But this is the optimistic case for the AI crypto. Overlap is crypto brings some of its value, some of its ethos into the AI space to help fix some of its problems. And to me, that gets me very inspired, very optimistic about the future. And this is the content that I predicted. Us talking about a bankless. And then because we're talking about this, we're going to talk about all these fundamentals. And meanwhile, the AI moon coins are actually going to be the thing that makes you all the money. And all this talk about fundamentals is going to just be like, ten years down the line and everyone's going to hate on bank lists, once again for not talking about the memes. This is kind of how I expect the next four years of my life to go.
Speaker A: Can we talk about the elephant in the room a little bit, though? Because I feel like everybody in this audience, everybody here at this conference, knows how to buy these AI coins right on chain. But for. For people in my world, they're not gonna be buying this. They don't know how unless they go to Coinbase and trade these things. So Coinbase stonk is the actual trade for crypto.
Speaker C: That's the elephant in the room. The Coinbase stock.
Speaker A: Coinbase stonk, at 50% below its all time highs, still is just, like, staring you right in the face. Buy the hell out of that.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, we talked about financial.
Speaker C: Advice, not financial advice. Couldn't be done.
Speaker B: I mean, we've been talking about that forever. But I want to go back to what you said. I really like that, dude. Because the ethos of crypto would really benefit AI. And OpenAI is getting sued right now by Elon for that reason. Right. It came out saying, like, we're here to develop this, like, open system and having this, like, positive ethos of, like, benefiting humanity to now just being so for profit driven that it caused that entire fallout that we all saw that. That fucking, excuse me. That. That drama. We can bleep that later. That drama that unfolded, right, with Altman. So the reality is, I think, that there is a shifting and a rejiggering that needs to happen in that space. But the idea of that many models, I think what you said about the data is really interesting. I think people think they have the data and they think they have the advantage in the data, but they really don't and even if they think they do, they're going to end up getting sued by the New York Times for it. So it's like whether you're scraping or you think you have a license for the right data source, I don't think that's where the advantages lie, personally.
Speaker C: One thing that I know has happened in the last 14 days or so is that Arweave and Filecoin are up bigly, and we can only attribute that to the AI. That's an AI pump for sure. But, like, what I'm confused about is that, is that a low IQ AI pump or a high IQ IQ AI pump? Because if we want open models, open AI models, open companies compute on AI models. You need something like Filecoin. But if you are just like your first year into crypto and you're playing in the AI crypto overlap meme coin zone, that's a pretty sophisticated take to really understand that Filecoin is actually the infrastructure behind AI. So, Steven, do you have an opinion on this? If filecoin pumps because of an AI narrative, what side of the bell curve are we on?
Speaker D: I don't have a strong opinion on this, but my gut has been not really a pump I want to chase, because it's a pump that's too entrenched in actual fundamentals that I don't see playing out this cycle. If you want to be. There's this third category of AI plays that I've talked about, which is stuff that wasn't AI, but it was AI adjacent. And they've just kind of, maybe they added AI in the name or they kind of changed some stuff in the docs, and now it's basically Aihdenhe storage is a good example of that. You mentioned Arweave is up so much, and that was something we talked about, but I missed and didn't put the trade on, and I'm definitely upset. Same with filecoin. But at a certain point that's very measurable if the coin is pumping, because, oh, we're going to have all this data that's going to be put on chain as a result of demand for these models. It's the same as the revenues. If the revenues don't materialize and you kind of position your coin as like, oh, it's like a multiple on earnings, then you're toast, right? And if you're really like, everybody is going to use this, but like, after a certain point in time, like there's, it's just like a ghost town, then the market, like, can't it comes to its senses and the bubble pops and it sort of goes away. So not. Not really.
Speaker A: I've never heard you speak on fundamentals for so long. That was amazing. No, I think. I, like, I think that being left curve or right curve, it doesn't matter because left curve still wins, too. Just be dumb about it. Like, I think Steve, I thought he was going to just say, buy something that has AI in the name and has a fresh chart.
Speaker D: No, left and right is fine. You want to avoid the middle in this space. The middle is where you kind of get killed sometimes. Right? And I can definitely see, like, are we being kind of like a middling trade? If you are, like, the trader type, if you're like, I'm investing in this because I want to make money over the next one to two years. If that's not your shtick, you're in it for the long haul, fine. That's like a different animal. But I think a lot of people in this space are like, I want to buy a coin that's going to go up in the next two years. That's kind of why I'm here. And that's where you get killed, where people tell you these kind of theses that kind of sound kind of smart, and then they just don't materialize, you know? I would rather be like, just like eth or something really stupid.
Speaker C: I. So we're going to talk maybe for a little bit more. Just make sure we cover all their bases about this incoming bull market. But we'll also have time for Q and A for any of the DJ's who want to ask your dJen questions that you're maybe too embarrassed to ask your friends or your moms or your financial advisors.
Speaker A: You're too embarrassed to ask your friends. Just do it on bankless. Live episode.
Speaker C: Yeah, do it live on bankless. Yeah. But does anyone have a corner of the crypto market, the 2024 2025 crypto market that we haven't covered yet that we want to bring up?
Speaker B: NFts, bro.
Speaker C: Nfts. Okay. All right. Can I. Oh, can I actually start with a story here? This will be the most djen story that I will have ever told on bank this, because I don't. I don't talk about these kinds of things, except apparently now. Okay. So I fumbled my pudgies about four days before Luke, and that's bought pudgies, and they pumped from, like, 0.7 eth to, like, 1.5 ETh, and now they're at 2020 eTh. Yes. Thank you. And then what did I do? I kind of just held that cash I was trying to clear. I, like, rotate walls every now and then. So I was trying to move David Hoffman Eth to a new wallet, just kind of, like, not have any of the approvals. And this is something I do regularly. So I was trying to move all my wallets. I was like, I'm done with jpegs. I just got burned by jpegs. I bought these flower things for, like, twelve eth, and that was the absolute picotop of this whatever. And so I sold, like, three of my pudgies for, like, 0.7 to one eth perennae. I discover mad lads a few months later, and I take in that same wallet. I buy a mad lad. I had to send it to Coinbase, same capital. So I sent it to Coinbase, converted to Sol, touched the salon of blockchain for the first time, bought a mad lad at, like 50 or 60 sol. I think when Sol was, like, $12, and then that turned out great. And then mad lads pumped to, like, 120 soul. I sold my mad lad for, like, 200 sol after soul, went up, like, a ten x, and then I took that capital, and then I threw it. I do not recommend doing this, but I threw it into a ten x leverage long on DyDx about, like, two weeks.
Speaker D: Absolutely.
Speaker B: Absolute secret, djen.
Speaker C: I threw it into ten x.
Speaker D: What is happening right now?
Speaker C: Ten X Dydx leverage long. And I closed it out, like, yesterday because I saw how high funding rates were. And then, you know how much money that I have now? About one pudgy's worth. Full circle and a massive tax burden.
Speaker B: Oh, my God.
Speaker A: I I was gonna give you credit because you get a lot of flack from the Solana community. You could take it. You could take so many punches from these guys.
Speaker C: I also had, like, one of the reasons why I take flack from the Solana community is because I'm the only one in the Ethereum community who pays them any attention and actually engages with them.
Speaker A: But I was gonna give you credit because I think at. I remember when Solana was down in single digits, you. You tweeted this thing, said, like, this is your moment, Solana, where the community rallies around it. And you either, like, you. You come back the way eth did when he went down to $80, or you die and they're. And they're back. But I thought that. I thought that was cool because you. You were, like, supportive in that moment.
Speaker C: Yeah, I was supportive to them on their floor. And then they will say that I was, like, punching them all the way on the way up, which I still contest, but whatever.
Speaker B: I mean, I'm happy with that purchase.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, you. You've been, you've been kind of a Solana.
Speaker B: Yeah, of course.
Speaker A: It was going to all the way down.
Speaker B: Yeah, that was easy.
Speaker A: Stephen was even famously saying, like, yeah, you're dead.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. On the pod. Yeah. Good luck with your Solana, sir, was the line.
Speaker A: Yeah, you can test this. He can test this. But he did it.
Speaker D: I actually bought salon at like $11. Oh. Hearing of David, I was like, I.
Speaker B: Know you ended up actually buying it cheaper than you.
Speaker D: I sold it at 20, but it was a trade.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker D: But I did think it was a good.
Speaker B: So we were, we were talking about something on our pod yesterday that I think might be interesting. I don't want to rehash it for those that already listened, but, you know, borrowing Eth against Ethan to buy some nfts that you believe in right now. I like, I like that move. You know, downside is you lose the eth. You were going to lose it anyway by buying the nfts. Upside is you're compounding exponentially on some of these, like, you're looking at some of these that have historical value or that you really believe will come back. DC investors been tweeting a lot about this as well. I think he's got some really good takes lately. Very, very bullish takes, especially on the art nfts. I'm, like, big on, like, you know, even simple things like curio cards or I mfers, like, I want them. I believe that that's a place for me to place Eth. That's going to work out in the long run. But, yeah, I think if the bull.
Speaker A: Market continues, we'll see a resurgence in NFTs for sure. And I actually do believe that this strategy of not selling your eth but borrowing against it in eTH, that actually protects you on the downside because you don't get liquidated borrowing eth against ETH and you can yolo it into some nFts that. That make you eth on the way up.
Speaker B: So your goal is more ethical. It makes sense, but obviously, you have to be correct that that's going to make you more ease the risk is.
Speaker C: That your NFT goes down in ETH terms.
Speaker A: But that, but that was the risk when you bought it initially and you sold your ETH for that initially. So, like, as a this or that, I prefer borrowing because downside, same upside.
Speaker C: Better yeah, same upside. Better.
Speaker D: There is a weird spot in the market right now where nobody wants to sell their eth because it's just printing you money. Like everywhere you put it, your farming points. You could even like leverage farm points now, which is like the latest innovation. Like if you want to leverage farm eigen layer points. Like, stuff's getting real weird, right? And as a result, like, we've even seen like, l two's, like optimism. Like arbitrum is just absolutely getting murdered versus ETH. Because I think a lot of the market was just like, wait, why? I can make like a 50% apr holding this thing right now and it's like an amazing asset. Why would I hold anything else? But after all this kind of restaking stuff passes, there's going to be a lot of newly wealthy ETH people. They're going to rotate into stuff. NFts are one of those things. So if you're sort of responsible degenerate, this is an interesting way to slowly rotate into that without getting out of the current thing, without having any taxable gains. Now, you also have to be that guy who pays back the loan and isn't just like, you know what, everything's pretty fine, I'm just going to keep the loan open and own the nfts and own the ETH and then like a year later, bad things happen. But yeah, we were sort of talking about this as a potential, a highly profitable trading strategy.
Speaker B: It's an obvious one, whether it's left curve or right curve. It's like when people make money, like, yeah, you know, they don't buy in the crypto space, they don't go buy watches. Like, that's not what we do. You know, it's just jpegs and flexing a $50,000, $100,000 million dollar JPEG.
Speaker C: But this was the narrative of last cycle, right? And I totally believe you. Like, some of the nfts are totally going to do well. But the difference between this cycle and last cycle is that last cycle was the NFT cycle where the long tail of nfts also did very, very well. Like you kind of couldn't miss until the cycle was over. But that's not what I see going on this cycle. I see some blue chip nfts, like, why are pudgies a thing? Well, because Luca nets fucking executed, right? And so, like, the long tail of nfts, I'm not sure are going to perform in the same way this cycle as last cycle. To me, the long tail this time is like the AI crypto overlap that dogecoin meme coin overlap.
Speaker D: I have no desire to play in the long tale of nfts. And for the record, I'm not a good NFT trader. Like, this is like a funny thing for me. I know what lane I'm in the, I know what I'm good at and I do that. But I am still very bullish on punks, if that's a thing that you could afford to buy. I feel like punks right now. They're going to lift off very fast in my mind, and it's going to happen soon, I think. And I actually do want to get another one right now. It feels like it's getting to that point where you can feel the wealth building up and the vibe's building up and the NFT boom is born out of this sort of like, recklessness, kind of where everybody's feeling good and a little like, yeah, maybe. I'll guess.
Speaker B: No one's taking a snapshot of their portfolio amount in dollars and posting that they would buy a punk to do that. That's exactly why the wealth is just going to keep accumulating there.
Speaker C: To me, a punk. The punk floor is an index for how cool Ethereum is.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: And that's kind of like my gauge. And, like, I'm actually kind of very happy with Ethereum not being cool. Right. Like, Solana was cool for Q one. Q four of last year. Q one.
Speaker D: Yeah, we hit peak, not coolness in December. I think I could feel it happening. I could sense the local top of eth soul, especially when Santiago was like, I'm updating my soul flipping prediction to 50% now. I was like, okay, I'm out.
Speaker C: Santiago's market indicator as an individual has been some of the most hilarious memes that he's come out of him. It's. It's been great.
Speaker D: Bless him.
Speaker A: Can I, uh, say something again? Because I think it bears repeating.
Speaker C: Emerge.
Speaker A: What bears repeating? Uh, Coinbase stock.
Speaker C: Go back to Coinbase stock.
Speaker A: We're talking about.
Speaker C: If you own Coinbase stock in the audience, can I just say, like, 30%?
Speaker D: Wow.
Speaker B: Very much higher.
Speaker A: So you guys did a bull case for Coinbase on bankless, and I was screaming at my monitor because I think you missed the whole thing.
Speaker C: Oh, wow. Uh oh. Uh oh.
Speaker A: Coinbase stock at the previous cycle generated $17 of earnings per share. And you're talking about how it's diversifying its revenue base. You're not talking about the trading revenue. The trading revenue is going to drive the stock higher.
Speaker C: You're talking about the traditional exchange business.
Speaker A: Retail traders come back. We're in a bull cycle. Retail traders come back, $17 ePs is Fud. We're going to surpass that. And like you guys talked about, there's diversified revenue streams. So you slap a 30 x multiple on 20 times earnings, a $600 stock.
Speaker C: Wow, this guy speaks trad.
Speaker A: It's very simple coin based on.
Speaker D: Yeah, I remember Eric being very upset that you were sort of like middle curving the Coinbase trade. Like, he's like, they're talking about how we are. The base is going to these like, random cash flows. He's like, no apes are going to come back. They're going to ape. They're going to make a lot of money. That's it.
Speaker A: You and Ryan are like, oh, USD sealed. Oh, cool.
Speaker C: All right, sounds like we need to do Coinbase stock round two, then come back on bank list.
Speaker B: Yes, I'm there for that.
Speaker D: I would listen to that. That'd be great.
Speaker C: The other thing about Coinbase stock is this mark to market thing. Do you know about this, Eric?
Speaker A: They're accounting. They hold crypto on their balance sheet.
Speaker C: But also the Coinbase ventures.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker A: Yeah. So they impaired it on the way down and they weren't able to write it back up. That probably adds $4 of EPS right now if they market to market.
Speaker C: Okay, is that $4? I mean, $4 pretty good. Is that gonna. That's not a massive thing.
Speaker A: Well, compared to $17 of trading revenue last cycle, it's still just icing on the cake. But it is meaningful because right now they just reported their first positive earnings in two years, and that was $1 vps. So, you know, you forex that just on this accounting rule change.
Speaker C: And so next it's next earnings that this accounting rule change will take place. And all of a sudden, you're like napkin mask. $4 earnings per share. On to the statement, the report.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: And this is something that Wall Street's probably not privy to. Probably not accounting for.
Speaker A: Probably not. Yeah, some, but probably not. Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay. And so, like, my kind of bet is like, well, that's gonna just add momentum to coinbase stock. Well, I already. It is. People are waiting for it to like, oh, it's up a lot. Is it gonna continue to be up a lot? Is it's gonna pull it in video.
Speaker B: $50 billion market cap company.
Speaker C: Yeah. $50 billion is not a lot of money in the tradfi.
Speaker A: After 2 hours of a bankless episode, your first good take on Coinbase.
Speaker B: Wow, this is aggressive. I want team David, right now, this.
Speaker C: Is a little aggressive.
Speaker A: That's easy. Dude, I love you.
Speaker C: Okay, so is the most bullish case for Coin stock that it turns into a momentum play?
Speaker A: I don't think so. I think that its fundamentals are going to support a much higher stock price.
Speaker C: Right. Which turns into, like, we all. Like, we all like to speculate on the future.
Speaker A: And then. And then I think you're right. The momentum sort of, like, increases the multiple that's applied to the earnings. So you could see this thing go to four digits or something crazy with the momentum behind it.
Speaker C: And that has to just run right in parallel with the actual crypto bull market.
Speaker B: Of course.
Speaker C: Right, right. Yeah. Coinbase is, like the custodian for, I think, like, 80%. Like, four out of five of all the bitcoin ETF's out there, which, like, I think the taking that episode. Maybe you don't like this one. Eriche, was that, like, the fact that Coinbase is the custodian of all of these BTC ETF's and future eth ETF's will just be a huge narrative tailwind, which I will also just lump in the momentum category.
Speaker A: No, I like that take. And I think there was, like. I think good take. I think there's some fud around that, too, because the company had previously generated so much of its revenue off of bitcoin trading. And now, with ETF launch, you'd see, like, a decline in bitcoin trading. I think that's fine, because retail doesn't come in necessarily and buy bitcoin. They buy all the shit you guys were talking about earlier, doge and wif and.
Speaker C: All right, is your Coinbase stock itch successfully scratched? Are we good?
Speaker A: Can I raise a few more hands? Who's going to buy Coinbase?
Speaker C: All right, do you have any last topics before we open it up to questions?
Speaker D: Do you want to just talk about the generalized macro, sort of backdrop, macro regulatory, generalized market psychology? To me, it's this, like, perfect alignment of so many things. The stars are aligning, so many tailwinds. Like, I mean, if you look through our text conversations, there's a conversation we had, like, this summer, like, in July, and I think I was just like, oh, my God, I'm so bullish. I'm shaking right now. Like, I just. I saw what was happening, and I just couldn't. I just couldn't get out of my mind. I was like, take a shower. It's overdeveloped. It's over. It's like, we're all going to make it. It's like, amazing. You've got the election, you've got rates that are going to be falling that haven't even fallen yet. When they fall, they're going to make real estate go up and people are going to get richer and they're going to buy more stuff because they feel richer. And Janet at the treasury is very apparently fighting Jerome and not letting him do his thing. And they're sort of pumping the market because the government wants the stock market to go up tax revenues, right? As long as the people can go to the grocery store and buy stuff and not get mad at the people in charge. They want to, like, assets to moon so that they have tax revenue to pay down, like, the debt that's happening. And then meanwhile in crypto, like, if you asked everybody for targets, like two months ago, everybody was like, I don't know, I think we can hit like seven k, ethereum, maybe like ten. I don't know. Like, everybody was so psychologically down bad because we're all just biased to the last cycle, which was so bad, especially relative to our expectations. We thought we were coming into the first institutional cycle and we had sailor and we're like, oh, we got grayscale and there's going to be an ETF. But it ended up just being like, unbelievable Ponzi degeneracy. Everything blew up. Everybody went to jail. And the people who survived are just like in a bunker, like, oh, my God. And the first thing in their mind is like, I got to take profits, I got to take profits, I got to take profits. And suddenly nobody has the outrageous targets in their mind anymore. And to me, that's like the perfect setup that aligned with all of the macro backdrop, aligned with the fact that this is now a fully institutionalized asset class with consistent flows. In the same way, the s and P just has this persistent bid buying stocks every day from 401 ks and pensions. Now we have that in crypto. It's going to be an Ethereum soon, and ETH has a third, the market cap of bitcoin. And people are just going to go, I'll go buy both of them 50 50. Like, people aren't going to weight it by market cap. So Ethan's going to disproportionately benefit. And, like, you talk about, like, the yield. Tradvy loves the freaking yield. There's so much stuff. Sorry, I'm just, like, rambling now.
Speaker B: So aroused right now, it's ridiculous.
Speaker A: David, you're going to like this, but on our latest podcast, Stephen called for 40K Ethereum.
Speaker C: Oh, I listened to it. I listen to it, and I am aware of my own psyche, my own biases, my own a tendency towards optimism and bullishness. And anytime anyone spits out all of these fantastic facts like this, I'm like, I'm on board. And then I watch myself be like, I'm on board. And I'm like, ooh, you just, like, you just made yourself more bullish. Like, it's not the same thing as a super cycle, but you're starting to get into, like, super cycle territory. And so I'm trying to, like, also check myself on that as, like, oh, like, if I start to just get more bullish because it's a bull market, that's a fallacy. That's, like, something that I needed to, like, check myself on.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: Well, I am so happy, Steven, to join your ship, but I will be very aware of what ship that I just, like, hopped on to that I'm gonna, like.
Speaker B: So many ways is exactly what you're describing. You know?
Speaker C: A little bit. A little bit. Yeah.
Speaker B: That's that feeling. That's the. Steve, like, I should know better this time.
Speaker C: We are all time highs before the happening. And I would say that that is a plus one to Steven's analysis right there.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker D: Like, there's this thing where people sort of learn a lesson, and so the ETF is a good example, right? Everybody's like, ETF is sell the news, because everything is in crypto is sell the news. And that's, like, the sort of pavlovian response that people develop. They're like, oh, event. I sell because event is top, and it goes down, and I have pain every time this happens. But people don't go, like, a level deeper and say, like, well, why? Why are these things sell the news? If you go a level deeper at why other stuff is sell the news, you can look at the ETF and be like, there were these gigabrains who looked one level deeper and said, well, actually, this isn't sell the news, because underlying this, there is something different here. There is something structurally different in what this enables that has never before existed in the asset class. But everybody is just like. They just associate it with pain, and that's just the response. There's not, like, the deeper thought, you know?
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker C: You guys ready for questions?
Speaker A: Let's get some questions.
Speaker C: All right, who's got. Think of your dumbest, most stupidest, most djing questions that you've had in the deepest.
Speaker D: That guy looks like he's got a.
Speaker C: Stupid question you definitely want to ask.
Speaker D: I've got a lot of stupid questions. First off, never selling the Moloch slayer. Let's just get that out of the way.
Speaker C: David, wait. Sorry. Can you say that again?
Speaker D: I'm never selling the Moloch slayer.
Speaker C: The NFT. That's an NFT. That's an early bank. Listen.
Speaker D: NFT. That was deep cut. All right, so my stupid question is, what's the bull case for Milady's Romelio? Are you a milady guy?
Speaker C: You know, I have considered becoming one.
Speaker D: I see you as a milady.
Speaker C: I'm very close friends with a milady guy. And, like, the funny thing is, is, like, he's, like, very straightforward. He's very thorough. He's very pragmatic. He works for the EF, and he's, like, not. He's not a four chan guy at all, and he's got a milady, and he just loves the milady. And so, like, there's this, like, online offline dichotomy where he's, like, you know, decently buttoned up, decently professional in the front, but, like, milady in the back. I could vibe with that.
Speaker D: I have never vibed with them personally, and I can't buy an NFT that. It doesn't at all speak to me. Like, I can buy any coin that, like, I think. But, like, an NFt, there's, like, something about it where, like, I can't just. I can't just trade it. Like, I have to like him a little bit. And I don't. I don't get milady's.
Speaker C: I think, like, buying an NFt is, like, kind of buying a click in high school, and I'm a big Mfer guy, and, like, Mfers can't be too cool. Like, they're just not cool enough. But they're also pretty. They're pretty safe. Safe. They're, like, off brand, little indie, little unique. Never gonna blow up, but always gonna be above a floor.
Speaker D: I love Mfers. I'm kind of into that, like, mfer dick butt kind of trade.
Speaker B: I picked up some dick kind of.
Speaker D: Cheap, but they have, like, some sort of traction. They have some sort of something. Something like, you can see them being a survivor and doing well. Like, I'm into that.
Speaker B: Did you mint the. The little dick butts? You remember that?
Speaker C: I did not. I don't know about.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: There was, like, no, there's mf or dick, but. There's mf or dick, but they look exactly like you would expect.
Speaker B: No, they had, like, tiny, like, they had their own version of, like, a mutant to an ape.
Speaker C: No.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: And they had a video game that you basically had to play to mint. It was ridiculous. It's actually very well done.
Speaker C: All right, very good. Stupid question. Who's got another stupid question? Where's our microphones?
Speaker E: Hey, I was wondering, obviously, when it comes to trading in crypto, it's obviously super narrative based, right. And right now it seems like AI is stealing the light. I'm wondering if you guys think real world assets will steal any light in this cycle.
Speaker C: Oh, I actually, can I go on this one? I actually have a take here. I think real world assets are a bear market narrative. I actually worked before. In my last job before bankless, I was at a tokenized real estate startup. So we tried to tokenize real estate actually still. Still running. And one of the things that, like, just like, the whole real world asset, like, industry frustrated me was how slow it was, and I realized that, like, real world assets is not a crypto innovation. It is a legal system innovation. It is a pen and paper lawyer innovation. And in the bull markets, bull markets go so fast that real world assets just can't keep up. And so I think there's no coincidence that real world assets as a narrative came during the bear market, because things are slower then think about how fast AI is and why it's coming into vogue now. So I think as a bull market narrative, it just doesn't move fast enough to be sexy to claim attention. That's kind of like my analysis. Any of you guys have any follow up thoughts?
Speaker D: I totally agree with you. And I've mostly avoided this stuff, like the play, because in my mental framework, where I want to be here and here, it's just, like, right in the middle, like, where I don't want stuff to be. So, yeah, it's not a part of my thing that I care about.
Speaker A: But what if one ondo equals one condo?
Speaker D: Okay, so one hondo equals one condo. That was a good trade. But, like, I really liked the meme. I was like, this is a good meme. It was a good meme, and it was a good chart. It's not necessarily that, like, oh, I'm analyzing Ondo and thinking all these assets are going to come on change. It's like a total, like, trader crypto native mentality. Like, RWA was like a 0% part of that trade.
Speaker C: That was a pretty smart question. Let's go even dumber.
Speaker A: Yeah, too smart.
Speaker B: Can you hear me okay?
Speaker C: Oh, yes.
Speaker B: I just wanted to say that we've seen crypto winners for a while, and what just happened with the Department of Justice was them culling the herd. But as soon as that's finished, we're having what's happening now, which is this. The institutional guys are now sitting there. They understand tokenomics. They're beginning to actually take the time and energy to understand what it is. I just want you to guys, to talk about just for a minute, what you think happens when a bigger percentage of the institutional folks get the light bulb about tokenomics and start actually learning what the infrastructure underneath this amazing situation really is. And what do you guys think is going to happen? Rational exuberance, refining monetary policy. I'd love to let you guys.
Speaker C: So if you listen to both Larry Fink and Sandy from Franklin Templeton, if you just listen to all the interviews that they give and you talk to the Blackrock people, they are just not, they don't care about the ETF's, as in like, the ETF's are table stakes for them. They are thinking well beyond the ETF's, and they are thinking like, both of them have leaked alpha, if you will, leaked alfalfa, because they are all talking about identity. They are all making identity plays in the web three space because they need to figure out how to play in the tokenization world via compliance. They are trying to figure out how to play on chain because they see the opportunity there, but they need to do it compliantly. And so all of them, they get to the conclusion of like, oh, tokenization is really bullish for us with the people who have all the assets, but we need to do it compliantly. Therefore we need identity as an infrastructure. So this is like something I'm actually kind of keeping an eye on, because like Blackrock as the identifier of web three is like the dystopia that I do not want. But whether that's like actually what they impose and if they do some like regulatory arbitrage and try and make sure that they are the identity system, like, that's the world I don't want. I don't think that's likely, but it's something I'm keeping an eye on. But you can definitely tell that, like, these big institutions who get what they want, like, why are we getting the bitcoin ETF? Because Blackrock wanted it. They want tokenization. They need to satisfy the powers that be with identity. But eventually we're going to get there.
Speaker A: David, can I ask you a question, a follow on? Because I seen those same interviews that you're talking about where Larry Fink talks about tokenized future, which I think is incredibly bullish. I guess the question that I have, maybe you have some insight on this, is like, I don't necessarily envision them using public blockchain. Like, what about a private blockchain?
Speaker C: So this is the chain link thesis, right? Where they get to use both. So they make a private blockchain for their own internal ledger, their own internal tokenization, and that is their testnet. That is their, it's like kind of like skew morphic, like, why do you need a private ledger? But the reason why you need a private ledger is because they have all control over there. And then something like Chainlink actually does make it interoperable with the public system, right? So you tp, you tap into like Ethereum, liquidity, but blackrock assets. Like, this is the chain link thesis, whether you believe it or not.
Speaker D: Yeah. So last cycle I sold all of my bitcoin at one point because I was like, as a trader, people think your job is to sort of like predict what's going to happen, but often it's to simply look at what the market is telling you and to just ride it, right? And when I looked at the market last cycle and I looked at the bitcoin narrative, it just didn't make sense to me, because what did people really want to do on chain last cycle? Well, like stable coins were kind of the killer app, and we're settling like trillions in stablecoin volume. And that was kind of like a big aha for me because I was like, the bitcoin vision is this weird idea that everybody's going to want to go into this world that is totally off the rails and absent the checks and balances of the state that we live in. My personal experience has told me that that's not how people behave at all. They're very risk averse. And stablecoins to me were interesting because they sort of allowed you to have 1ft. In both of these worlds, you can have the permissionlessness to a large extent, obviously, tether can freeze your funds and circle can do the same. The transparency, the level of permissionlessness, the ability to use something so seamlessly, that was an aha for me. And one of the reasons I became super bullish on Ethereum was because I was like, oh, ethereum enables this element of sort of optionality where on top of Ethereum you can actually have a very kind of like cypherpunk sort of thing built on top of it. You build tornado cash. You could build these stable coins that are entirely backed by ETH. But you can also build tether and USDC. And I think you can also now build permissioned l two s where people can kind of transact in a way that they're comfortable with and they know. But I also think that a blackrock will like to be able to settle on Ethereum. And the idea that eth can kind of be this like settlement layer for stuff. And on top of it, we can kind of experiment with this whole spectrum is like, really intriguing to me. And that's why, like, in my non degenerate brain, when I'm thinking about what I want to hold for years, like, I gravitate towards Eth. That's kind of like the crux of my thesis there and why I hold it beautiful.
Speaker C: Anyone else who's got. Who's got the next mic? There we go.
Speaker E: Hey, how's it going, guys? I don't think this is a stupid question, but then, so I've been diving deep into the Eigen lady ecosystem, spoken to a bunch of LRT's lsts operators avss out there. I just don't understand where the yield is coming from. And more importantly, I've also been looking at Babylon chain and bounce bet. My question is, do you guys envision a future where bitcoin restaking could probably become bigger than Ethereum restaking?
Speaker C: Okay, the question is, do you envision a future where bitcoin restaking becomes larger than Ethereum restaking?
Speaker E: Yes. I mean, ethereum is used at the settlement layer, right? With the economic security of bitcoin.
Speaker C: One of the cool things about eigen layer is that you can only build Eigen layer around a money. I mean, like, you can build it around a soul, but just like you really need the monetary premium for that whole restaking system to work. And so from that lens, like, bitcoin as a monetary asset, would actually do very, very well in that scenario, because bitcoin is literally the bigger money. Ive always been of the opinion that ETH, the asset, is one of the greatest monies that will ever exist, just because it has some of the very credibly neutral properties of bitcoin with the productivity of the ethereum network. To me, my answer is always going to be Ethereum surprise. Just because Eigen layer is first, and it was built on Ethereum using smart contracts, using Ether and then Babylon. The bitcoin restaking system is built as a response to Eigen layer. It's like the Eigen layer copycat and so, even though bitcoin has the highest market cap, like, Eigen layer has all the legitimacy, they have all the connections, they have all the avss, which is actually where the yield is going to be coming from. First, unsustainably via token issuance Degen stuff, and then later via actual real, like fees being paid to these avsse. And so to me, I do think there's a very strong premium on the fact that Eigen layer came and was birthed restaking into existence using ETH, the asset on the actual true smart contract platform. There's also fundamental constraints on Babylon as to what it can do. Like, it does bitcoin restaking, but it's not one to one equivalent. It has some of the constraints that bitcoin has. And so the amount of expressivity about ABS is that can come to ethi asset via Eigen layer is just increase just because of it's on Ethereum, it's on the expressive chain. That's my answer.
Speaker E: My question is, once more, programmability comes to bitcoin, which is happening with different l two s and scaling solutions of bitcoin. What's stopping Eigen, like, another Eigen layer on the bitcoin ecosystem then?
Speaker C: Yeah, so the question is, like, once bitcoin, like, kind of increases in expressivity, like, why can't Eigen layer just kind of tap into BTC, the asset? I'll just say, like, why can't Eigen layer tap into its own Eigen tokenization? But they have Eigen, the token as part of their dual staking model. And you can also just use USDC for staking. It'll turn into choose your own money for what you want. Yeah, bitcoin is money, too. Eth is money. It'll be up to the market. And so I think this conversation actually collapses down to what do you think is going to be the money that dominates in the crypto space, which I've been on record as saying it's ETH since 20 1717. Lucas. Yo, yo.
Speaker D: I don't know if you guys know.
Speaker B: This, but Charles Hoskinson was listening to.
Speaker D: This for a few minutes.
Speaker B: Get out of here.
Speaker A: Cardano's in the building.
Speaker D: Wow. Good thing I didn't make a Cardano joke. Let's get left curve here. What is. What does Cardano do this cycle?
Speaker C: Oh, my God.
Speaker A: It goes higher.
Speaker C: Like, you don't short higher in the market cap stack. I think that's the. That's the question.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Higher versus us dollar. We're nothing really care about that, is it going up or down in the market.
Speaker A: Cap stack down, but higher in dollar terms. I don't want to short it.
Speaker C: Higher in dollar terms.
Speaker A: Exactly.
Speaker D: Cardano is a mid trade now, I think.
Speaker C: Right. It already had its time. Right. It's over.
Speaker D: Yeah, it's. It's kind of like a dino coin now. If you want to do, like, an l one trade, there's way sexier stuff, like you trade sui or aptos or all these. It say, like, there's so much hot new stuff on the market. Charles is. Yeah, he looks. He's kind of checked out. He's having a good time. He's taking, like, bubble baths. Yeah, like, whatever.
Speaker C: Charles Hoskinson, he's flourishing.
Speaker D: Moisturized.
Speaker C: One thing I did notice not too long ago, which made me very bullish on Solana, was a lot of my previous Cardano reply guys who are hating on all my, like, eth tweets. I saw them starting to be reply guys to Solana people to, like, myrrh and Anatoly. And I'm like, oh, they're. They're cheating on me with a different ecosystem system, different reply guys. Now I'm like, oh, that's maybe actually kind of bullish, Solana.
Speaker A: God, not only is it. Great question, our first live audience, we also had fucking Charles in the. In the audience is amazing.
Speaker C: Wait, wait. Oh, I did not hear that part. Charles was here.
Speaker A: Charles was watching.
Speaker C: Yo, bring him back. Let's get some of his dumb questions.
Speaker D: Respect Charles.
Speaker C: Okay, one more dumb question. One last dumb question until we go. So, super dumb question, but I hope it's a fun one.
Speaker A: Nice.
Speaker C: What is your guilty pleasure pastime in crypto and why? Guilty pleasure pastime in crypto and why?
Speaker A: Good question.
Speaker C: What's yours? What's your guilty pleasure pastime in crypto? So, yeah, I'm a meme degenerate, and I've got, like, a bunch of friends, and we just all aggregate, like, the goofy degenerate memes. And then I take it, like, to a meta level, where I start plugging it into AI to create more degenerate shit and then just spreading it around, because I really appreciate good trolls, and that's definitely my guilty pleasure pastime. As well as gambling on occasion.
Speaker A: No, that's a good one. I think the meme culture within crypto is one of its greatest strengths, and I think that's a great pastime. Mine is watching number go up on the farms. Like, I'm a. I'm a trap, I guy. I like yielding, and I just like watching it go from 0.00 to, like, 0.001. Yes.
Speaker D: I feel like I'm in a similar boat as you. Like, on the one hand, most of my life is spent, like, trading, and I do actually have, like, a pretty good system I've developed. It's very analytical. But then I have this group chat I'm in where people just throw a memo and I buy, and, like, it's so good for me, I think, because, like, I can just really, like, exercise these demons that just want to ape stuff. Even if it's not, like, a large amount of money, it keeps me from doing really dumb crap with, like, the real funds. And, like, I love it. There's something really fun about it. Like, I really love memes. Like, Eric and I have gone back and forth a lot because I think memes are actually, like, a legitimate asset class. And I feel bad for the boomers because they just figured out bitcoin, like, 15 years later, but now, like, we were already gone. Like, we're already, like, trying to tell them why, like, dogs with hats are money now, and they're just like, I.
Speaker C: Can'T Facebook and we're on tick tock.
Speaker D: Yeah, exactly. Exactly what just happened. So, yeah, that's what I do.
Speaker C: There was, like, the meme coin mania that started, like, six months ago, and this has been, like, harry Potter, obama, she knew. Inu 420.
Speaker D: Obama, Sonic.
Speaker C: You knew? Yeah, it was Eric Bitcoin. I was trying to, like, understand this ecosystem, and there's, like, no way that was going to catch up to, like, figuring out the meta on this thing. But, like, Eric Connor put it nicely for me where he was like, yeah, just like, you go into the telegrams and, like, when the memes stop making you laugh, you sell and you go and find a different one. Until then, you find the ones that have funny memes again, and you buy that one. And literally, that's the meta is you just follow telegram groups around and if the memes are funny, then you buy.
Speaker B: I think it's similar to the memes, but I experienced the same feeling with minting something. I think the process of minting something has great pleasure to it. And the scarcity involved as well is also really significant for me to know that you're, like, one of fresh mint.
Speaker A: Then you have the lotto ticket game. Like, what characteristics did I get?
Speaker B: Especially when there's no cap on it. You can mint 100 of them. Like, we did that. I remember with wolf game, that was, like, peak euphoria for me. And we did very well with minting wolf game. And, yeah, I just try to look for those. I hope that comes back.
Speaker A: The good old days.
Speaker C: Yeah, the good old days. Guys, this has been absolutely fantastic. This is the first podcast that we've done in real life. Like 50 people, plus Charles Hoskinson in the audience. Absolutely fantastic. Big shout out to ZK sync for letting us steal their, their podcast. They're not even a podcast. What do you call this thing? Podcast arena.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Thank you.
Speaker A: Thank you, ZK sync.
Speaker C: Thank you, ZK sync. And thanks, everyone, for watching and sticking with us. Thank you. Sorry to all the people that were here before we came in, bombed your space. Really appreciate it. One last thing, alfalfa podcast. Where is it? How do people listen to it? Where should people go?
Speaker B: Everywhere. We live stream every Wednesday at 05:00 p.m. pacific. We also have the response responsibly long with Stephen and Eric on Thursdays at 05:00 p.m. as well. And then podcast is on all platforms. Alfalfa pod.com is where all the links are.
Speaker C: Thanks, guys. I'll see you back in I'll see you guys when you do our hike right before permissionless. And I'll see you back in San Diego in December.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Yeah, bud.
Speaker D: Thanks, Rudy.
