Speaker A: Bankless nation. We have a very simple question today. Is the bitcoin ETF a big deal or not? That is the topic, that is the agenda in today's conversation. We are entering this episode, and the price of bitcoin is over 34k. So I think it just kissed 35k earlier today. David, are you feeling bullish? Mandez?
Speaker B: I am fairly bullish. And after almost two years of just chewing glass in this market right now, I'm not prepared to be hurt anymore. And so if the bitcoin spot ETF gets approved and it's not bullish, I need to know now to get that.
Speaker A: Glass ready to put back in your mouth. I think that's the question. And honestly, we have the perfect guest to help answer that question. We have Alex Thorne. He's the head of research at Galaxy Digital. He's published a ton of fantastic research about this. Counting on Alex today. David, to be objective about this, okay? He's not just going to tell us the bull case for the bitcoin ETF, of which we know there is one. We definitely want to hear about that. Don't get me wrong, Alex, I know you're listening. We want to hear about the bull case, but we also want to hear the what if you're wrong case, the bear case for the bitcoin ETF as well. And we got to find out, is this thing priced in? Is there a mountain of capital out there waiting to chomp on bitcoin? That's the question in today's episode.
Speaker B: Certainly, certainly we're going to get right to that question. But before we do, we need to hear from our friends and sponsors over.
Speaker A: At, uh, all right, David, one other question I think we have going to this episode with, with Alex is I know we're going to talk about the bitcoin ETF, and that's, uh, bitcoin has certainly been on a run recently, but there's also like word of an Ethereum ETF as well. So if this is, if the ETF is bullish for bitcoin, what about Ethereum? So I've not picked Alex's brain on this. I want to talk about that as well. Any other questions from you going to this episode that you want answered?
Speaker B: Yeah, I really just want to drill down on the. Is this, this is not a, is this going to get approved or not? I think, uh, generally we're making the assumption that this will be approved by January of next year because that is when the earliest deadlines are up. The question is, what is the magnitude of capital that is waiting to purchase. And why. And really, how does a spot bitcoin ETF change the market structure of crypto at large, fundamentally? Uh, and then what are, is that? How big is this before, after a moment? So these are kind of the high level questions that we're going to get into with Alex right after we talk to some of these fantastic sponsors. Bankless nation, I would love to introduce you to Alex Thorne, the head of research at Galaxy Digital, leading a team of researchers focused on unpacking the market development in crypto and producing information for both internal and external audiences. And also before Galaxy, Alex was the director of blockchain research at Fidelity. So he's a veteran of straddling the trad world and crypto. Alex, welcome to the show.
Speaker C: Yeah. David Ryan, great to be here and great to be with bankless nation. Thanks for having me.
Speaker B: So the big question on my minds, on Ryan's mind, on probably all of our listeners minds, is what is the spot bitcoin ETF going to do to the markets? We saw the false start, the fake start, with the accidental slip of the coin telegraph tongue not too long ago. But then all of a sudden, people have reconsidered as to what position, what side of the field that they want to be on. And people have considered themselves offside. And that's where we've seen a lot of the price action in bitcoin as of recently. But like I said, alex, I'm not ready to be hurt again. And so if the, if we don't get a bunch of buying pressure post spot bitcoin ETF, I'd like to know it as sooner rather than later. So the question to you is how much interest is in the spot bitcoin ETf and how do we even measure this? I'll throw those over to you.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's a good question. We tried to answer it. I will say we definitely don't know. We hear about a lot of interest. I think primarily the segment that we focus on are advisors in particular. So those are an independent advisor, Alex Thorne, like advisor with a storefront. But I don't have a back office, so I use fidelity, Pershing or Schwab and others. These platforms, those are independents or it's an advisor that's affiliated with the bank or broker dealer. So the big banks, most of them have a wealth management division, right? Those are, that's a big segment. When we add all of that up, that's about 47 trillion in Aum.
Speaker A: Can I make sure I understand that, Alex? Yeah, 40. That's a big number. So you've got a chart here from your fantastic Twitter thread, and I think it has some of the numbers that you were just mentioning.
Speaker C: Yeah. So this chart in the tweet is sort of the next step where we then discount that total aum. But we're using as the top line number this 47 trillion, which is the total aum of these three channels. Broker dealers, banks, and Raas.
Speaker A: Is it this? These are the 48 trillion?
Speaker C: Yeah, 48 trillion.
Speaker A: 48 trillion.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay. Can you. Can you break these channels down for us? I want to make sure the bankless audience actually understands. So, registered investment advisor David and I call that. That's like the Edward Jones guy that, you know, was a coach on your stock team kind of person, right?
Speaker C: Yes. Except Edward Jones is in the broker dealer segment, because they are a broker dealer. So that a bunch of those big names are in that BD or bank segment, whereas the RAas, we call them ras here, all of these advisors at these platforms are registered investment advisors. But what we mean is more independent ones. Literally. Like Alex Thorne, advisor. Right. Like by himself.
Speaker A: So can you break these down by. By line items? I'm actually just going to describe the table, because some people will be listening to this on the podcast. They won't see the glorious visual that you could see on YouTube if you go subscribe to the bankless YouTube channel. Everyone. But let me just describe this, and then you can kind of break down these categories and who they actually are, because it's very clear. I don't understand who they are. But we've got a total of $48.3 trillion us wealth management. Okay. And the breakdown, the. The categories that compose that 48.3 trillion. I said trillion with the t is, number one, broker dealer, 27 trillion. Number two, bank, 11.9 trillion. Number three, registered investment advisor, RIa. 9.3 trillion. Together, that equals 48 trillion. Assets under management. This is all us wealth. That's like, actually, first, before we dive into those specific categories, us wealth management. Is this all our money? Is this all of the american people's money?
Speaker C: So this doesn't include, um, self directed accounts. So, like, if you have a fidelity account with an IRA and that you manage yourself, that's not included here. Right. If you have a brokerage account that you manage yourself, that's not included. This doesn't really include 401 ks, which are not included. Right. Like a retirement accounts. This is really like when you pay someone to do investing on your behalf.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Okay. So this is the amount of wealth that is under the discretion of somebody whos in charge of managing other peoples wealth who could potentially press the buy button on a spot bitcoin ETF.
Speaker C: Yes. And it also doesnt include funds. You may buy like a mutual fund, which is actually discretionary. Right. Like the fund portfolio manager invests that money for the fund, but for you, if you just have it on like a, in an IRA that you manage yourself, then that would be non discretionary. So, yes, this is discretionary advising on behalf of other people.
Speaker A: Well, that's interesting, because I do have a fidelity account and, uh, I could purchase some spot bitcoin ETF. And that wouldn't be included here because that's self directed.
Speaker C: No, and that's a major, I would say that's. I don't know if it's the biggest. We didn't look at that segment. And the reason is that we thought that the wealth management industry, these three segments you've described, Ryan, are the segment that will get the most net new accessibility to bitcoin exposure from the ETF. Right. Because you can already go buy bitcoin on Kraken. Right. You don't have to, like, buy it in the fidelity account with ETF. I mean, you could. I mean, you may, but it's.
Speaker A: I can and I do, Alex, except that I have these like, legacy 401K accounts and legacy IRA accounts from like previous employers and other things I've set up that are managed in fidelity. And I don't have a clean way to port them over to Kraken right now, so. But that is one category overall. You're right. Okay, so I interrupted you, though. Could you describe these three categories? Broker dealer, bank, registered investment advisor. Who are these?
Speaker C: Yeah. So, so the broker dealers are. Right. Sec and FINRA, registered broker dealers. That's a specific thing. They can, they can buy and sell securities. They can do a variety of things. Right. Offer securities, I believe BDS can do. Not an expert, to be clear on the actual compliance difference necessarily between these. But those are the big firms. You know about Morgan Stanley, right? All, all of the big banks, most of the big banks are broker dealers, and they fall in this category for us, then you have maybe smaller banks, think of like a regional bank, maybe can't offer their own securities, but they have wealth managers, right. They have a wealth management program. So your local bank, you can go in there and they've got, you know, some offices on one side of it that are people that will help you invest. Right. Um, and then the, like I said, the registers and investment advisors, there's even another category of those types of advisors that they're just not affiliated directly with the broker dealer or bank. They tend to use these more sort of white label ish platforms. I dont remember all of the list of firms that offer them but I know Fidelity does because I worked there. This is a white label version of Fidelity.com. but its meant for advisors. So they can do sub accounts, manage multiple portfolios at the same time. Its just white labeling the back office and UX infrastructure for advisors. And I think Pershing, Schwab, others offer that service as well. So thats basically what were looking at. Because if youre an RIA that has an entire back office, youre most likely a bank or a broker dealer. Anyway, those are the categories that we looked at again. We wanted to be conservative. I absolutely think there will be retail demand for a bitcoin ETF. If its you and your IRA, Ryan, you may want to buy it there. We felt that you could already buy it elsewhere. Trying to be conservative. We just focused on this channel that really doesn't have access at the moment. I can explain why they don't have access, if that's interesting.
Speaker A: Also do explain why. So broker dealer, the bank, the registered investment advisor, why can't they log in Kraken and buy spot bitcoin? Why can't they buy microstrategy? Can they buy like GBDC, like the Grayscale trust?
Speaker C: Yeah, they may be able to buy some of the um, like bitcoin aligned equities, whether it's the one you mentioned, or maybe mining stocks. Right. I think that is, they probably can buy straight equities, but those are pretty inefficient vehicles in the scheme of things for, I mean right. They're not directly bitcoin vehicles. There's other factors that go in there. The OTC products or the even the cash settled bitcoin futures based ETF's that exist, those are not on the bank broker dealer platforms by and large. Those advisors that are, that, that work for those banks and broker dealers that do client portfolio management and advising and investment management under the banner of those bigger firms. They can only put their clients into investment options that are approved by the bank and the broker dealer.
Speaker A: And wait, so they can't buy GPDC, they can't buy the Grayscale trust right now?
Speaker C: No, not really. Maybe with a specific exception. But they would have to go through typically an exception process. In fact, I'm not aware of any of those that actually allow their advisors to put end clients into the trust. Products or the cash settled ETF futures based ETF's. Again, like, I think, you know, if you brought, like, a client, if you were the advisor and you brought a client that was going to put a ton of money with you, if you let them do that, the bank or broker dealer might make an exception, but they're not offered on the menu.
Speaker A: They're just deemed too risky, too esoteric.
Speaker C: It could be a variety of things. Yeah. I mean, suitability in general could be a reason. I think I know of several. For example, of those bank broker dealers that don't allow cannabis ETF's or stocks. Right? I don't know. Why do they not like cannabis? That's. There could be any reason. There could be a variety of reasons. Right? So it could be that they're too costly, they're not suitable. They could be, um, you know, bad. I don't know. They just don't make it through a process. But those have a process. It is possible, I'm not sure that the registered independent investment advisors that I talked about being on, like, the fidelity platform or Pershing or swab Schwab or these other ones, they may have better access, because those platforms that they're not actually, like, affiliated with the platform. Right. They're sort of buying it as a vendor. And so the platforms, I think, care much less about specifically what they're able to buy. But as you notice, and as you read, that is the smallest of the three segments we looked at, and we took that into account also, when the tweet that you showed before the first one, that's actually us then ramping up what we think the adoption will be per year, and you'll see that we have higher adoption levels in that independent segment than in the others. Right. Um. And that's for that reason. Right. Like, if you, if you look in the first column, year one, we're basically handicapping the total Aum of each, the. Of each of these three segments by our estimate of how much total Aum will be able to access it, just purely be able to access it. Right? So we're saying only a quarter of the Aum at the broker dealers, which is the biggest segment that we looked at, only a quarter will even have it turned on in the first year. Right? So. And there's reasons behind. Whereas we started with 50% for the Raas. Right. Cause we think it's low, it's less of a lift. The platforms don't have to perform the same amount of diligence or care to perform typically the same amount because they're not a fiduciary behind those independence investments. They have to do stuff, too, but we think they'll adopt it more quickly.
Speaker B: Before proceeding in this conversation, I do kind of want to just like, set the table about like, exactly the parameters of what we're talking about here. So we talked about these three different categories. Broker dealer, the bank, the registered investment advisors, 20, 712 and 9 million trillion dollars respectively. This is what we are doing is we're talking about the mountain of capital that is out there that has never been able to buy bitcoin ever before. And with this bought bitcoin ETF, that pipe is now established between this $48 trillion and bitcoin through this bought bitcoin ETF. So, like, for all the podcast listeners out there, just imagine a pile of money that's $48 trillion large. And then look at the bitcoin market, captain, which is under $1 trillion. I think it's like $600 billion ish, give or take right now. And so, like, these are two different sizes. Obviously, there's not going to be $48 trillion of buy pressure that there's other very many other assets that that is dedicated for. But that would be cool maybe one day. And so what you're doing in this next step, Alex, is you have then shaved that $48 trillion off into 25% for the broker dealers, 25% for the bank, and 50% for the rias. Because you're saying, well, of that 48 trillion, only a fraction will actually have access to that buy button. So we're going to trim off by three quarters or a half or rias just because that is at day one, how much access there's going to be. So we're reducing the pile of money that is actually able to potentially be interested in buying bitcoin. And I think we're about to take this a few steps further about like, okay, well, still not 25% is going to buy, like, actually a much smaller fraction. But that's kind of where we are in this conversation. Where do we go next?
Speaker C: Yeah, so before we go to the next actual two steps, which are how much of those funds we'll choose to buy, and then how much will they buy? Those are the steps two and three. But if we instead look at year one, two, and three going sort of to the right in the chart. Right. Looking forward. And this is important because those two steps, two and three, we keep fixed through the entire time period of our analysis. So I'll talk about that in a second. But so what we're really doing is starting with the giant pile of money, the 48 trillion, and handicapping it based on segment. And when we look at, say, banks and the broker dealers, this is pretty straightforward for each of them. Were saying 25% of the AUM will be addressable in year, 150 percent of it will be addressable in year, 275 percent in year three. We're not just totally making it up. There's plenty of back of the napkin math here. In general, this is more like a way to think about it. We think it's conservative, and we're using it to triangulate what the total addressable market is. But we did look at the specifics, broker dealers and banks. And like, for example, there are some we know of that already offer private bitcoin investment vehicles on those platforms, right? So we assume, okay, they'll probably turn on the ETF in year one. Right. They're not. And then there, there are others that we talked about that made that not only do they not offer an existing private bitcoin vehicle, but they don't even offer other stuff that people consider risky the way they do crypto. And so, you know, maybe we put them in year two or three. So we tried to do it thoughtfully to the extent we know about the sentiment or public statements of the executives or the people, like, whether they've said that they hate bitcoin or whether they're open to it. Right. That's how we come up with this ramping schedule. Right. So the only thing in the analysis here that we actually change year over year is the big number, the total amount per segment that we think we'll have access. Right. It's just that this first number we've been talking about, that's in our analysis, that's actually all that we change to ramp it up over time. Right. We say, like, the level of access at each segment is going to grow as the. As they turn it on over.
Speaker A: Well, because the big story here is, as David was saying. Right. It's just like we're getting access to. We've gone from, like, 56k modem to high bandwidth access to capital for our bitcoin product.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's exactly right. And the reason, Ryan, you asked earlier why they couldn't buy on Kraken. Right. The advisors. And it's, I don't specifically know Kraken's products, but in general, the crypto exchanges, they haven't offered sub accounts in a way for, say, one advisor to log in and easily make, manage and control, like, all the various portfolios of their client and clients. And there's questions about custody. And by the way, also, even if they could, some of these advisors may manage accounts for hundreds of people and they use really slick Uxs to do that and have back offices that know.
Speaker A: How to do it all with stocks and bonds.
Speaker C: And let's say you're a wealthy investor that uses one of these advisors. Like, you could say, like, okay, well, you know, why don't you write down that I'm going to buy like, you know, five hundred k of bitcoin or something, and, like, include that in your analysis or whatever advisor. I'm going to go do it separately. And it's just like, wealthy people don't want to do that. They want it all in the same place. Right? And even if it were in the same place, even in spot, like, there's trick, like, if it was like, um, everyone just had access to spot bitcoin through these existing platforms, like, then there's weird, like, custody things, the, the brilliance of the eat of and transactional things and how do we use it? And also, then all these platforms have to then build spot functionality, which is also hard. Right. I mean, it's certainly not traditional. Whereas if it's wrapped in the ETF, this thing just slides right in. Every other investment vehicle that is usable, goes into all the same portfolio management tools. It goes through the back offices exactly the same. It just looks like any other ETF.
Speaker B: Okay, so I think the big lesson that I'm learning here is that on the day that this bot, bitcoin, ETF, gets approved, everyone who's interested in buying bitcoin through the ETF doesn't necessarily have access to it. There's like a rollout period. There's like an initial initialization.
Speaker C: Yeah. And we, and we just looked at year one. Right. Like, I don't know that. And I'm actually quite sure that most of the banks and broker dealers will not turn this on. On day one, you might see the platforms that serve the independent ras turn it on faster. Right. But I think that's why we say year one. And we could talk in a second if you want, about. Okay, well, then when, how fast? And maybe a lot of people are asking about what about day one? What if the day that they're announced that they're approved or the day that they launch, what does it look like? Is it a buy the rumor, sell the news? Is it bullish that day and permanently bullish? I don't know, but I just want to add the other, the steps two and three to the analysis are pretty straightforward. So if you say year one, we talked about 25, 25, 50 for those three segments, that comes out to 14.4 trillion, which is, we just said that's about 30% of the total.
Speaker A: That's the total amount that would have access.
Speaker C: Yes. The total amount of existing capital, too. The other thing, we don't really estimate if totally new capital flows in. We're just sizing it based on the. The size of the wealth management market today.
Speaker A: Size of the pipe.
Speaker C: Exactly. So then we say, okay, obviously, if 14.4 trillion could invest, certainly they won't all invest. Right? And here, I mean, this is a pretty back of the napkin thing. We said, you know, what's reasonable, as a conservative number to say, choose to invest anything. We said 10%. Okay, so one in ten, I think.
Speaker A: One in ten just choose to invest.
Speaker C: Yeah. Of any amount. It could be $1, it could be 100% of their portfolio, but only 10% of the total addressable capital market there does any investment. Right. So now were handicapping it again. And then we rely on this, like, well, how much do they invest? And we say, well, and we just put out another paper about this a couple of weeks ago. Others have as well, but doing backtesting analysis on adding bitcoin to a portfolio at various levels, drawing it from different parts of the existing portfolio, like drawing it from bonds or drawing it from equities or from alts and whatever, this whole thing at a whole bunch of different levels. And I mean, obviously, at a long enough timeframe, it looks for bitcoin, for ether, for a lot of these coins that have been around a long time, if you go back further, it just looks better and better. But we tried to be reasonable. We said 2018 to present, which was two bear markets and one bull market, and basically the biggest, it was positive across all allocation levels. So again, 10%, we say here, would choose to do something and then how much, on average, they choose to do. We said 1%. And that's because it was good. I mean, it was at higher levels, again, looking backwards, no guarantee that it would be the same going forwards, but at higher levels, it did better, even on a risk adjusted basis. Specifically on a risk adjusted basis. But the biggest net positive impact was just going from zero to one. Like, zero to two was one to two was good. But none of the steps had as big a change, which, you know, you've heard this get off zero. I mean, that's the case for it. So that's how we picked that one number right. 1% number. It's year 125 percent of broker dealers, 25% of banks, 50% of Ras. That's 14.4 trillion that could have access. We think 10% of that capital chooses to invest something and on average they do 1%. That's how we get the 14.4 billion, uh, in year one as conservative. That's what we're trying to do. Right. I mean, we didn't, it's, we're not trying to do too much moon math here. We really wanted to be like, this is a reasonable way to look at it. It's, it's conservative, it's defensible. You know, who knows what could happen? There's certainly, I mean, it protects David.
Speaker B: From getting hurt again.
Speaker C: There's, that's true. We're not trying to increase expectations too much. I mean, that is a solid amount of inflow, I would say objectively, but yeah, I mean, I would. You know, some people really like this. A lot of people said it was too conservative. Some people said it was too bullish. I mean, right. I mean, you're, when you put numbers out like this, it can go either way, certainly.
Speaker B: And. Well, there's one dynamic that I want to definitely parse out here, which is that on year one, you have modeled out, potentially conservatively, $14.4 billion of inflows into bitcoin per year. So these are flows. This is not just a one time buy moment. This is now you are saying there is going to be $14.4 billion of bitcoin buy pressure per year. And actually that increases next year because of the increased access. So the next year that you have modeled out is 27, six and a half billion dollars per year. So this is persistent yearly buy pressure into spot bitcoin. Correct?
Speaker C: That's the idea, yeah.
Speaker A: And just so I understand this too, to add to that, it's, it's net new inflows.
Speaker C: Correct.
Speaker A: So these are inflows that we wouldn't have otherwise had because we're going to have inflows flat flowing to bitcoin. We already do have them.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker A: People are already buying their bitcoin on Kraken to prepare for the, for the next bull run. And hopefully, hopefully you are bankless listener doing some of this. But we're talking about absent in ETF. We wouldn't have have had these flows on the bottom of your spreadsheet. Now that we, with an ETF, we will have added another 14.4 billion in year one after the ETF is approved of net new inflow of buying pressure to bitcoin. Yes.
Speaker C: Yeah. That is our estimate specifically, again, because we're focusing just on this big wealth channel. Right. Because I would say where would the overlap be? Like, what would reduce that for like, what if we were right on 14.4, but it actually wasn't all net new. That would mean that you were a client of an advisor, let's say, and you separately had exposure to one of the trust products in your own other brokerage account, or you had a bunch of spot bitcoin that you actually chose to sell and then tell your advisor to go buy the ETF. And I don't think that's a terribly credible scenario because there will be people, but not in the segment I think really that we're talking about here. There might be people that own spot bitcoin and would prefer to own the ETF in their brokerage account. Right. And so they actually sell it. But that's not really the advisor market. That's I think, more like a retail brokerage type market.
Speaker A: One other thing I want to ask about this, Alex, is like, so I just want to test my intuition here. Right. So this is imagining, this is kind of a spreadsheet view of the world, which is very helpful for analysts and researchers to kind of make sense of this and get to some actual tangible numbers. But this assumes all of the broker dealers and banks and rias and everybody advising this market just dollar cost averaging in, you know, like I'm just going to put some money in and I do it every month and, you know, I'm doing my job. I'm dollar cost averaging in. That's not how investors work. We all know if the price is going up, they get super bullish about that product and they smash they fomo in. They smash the buy button. Don't tell me that broker dealers are any different than retail from that perspective. And so what, what we might find is rather than this kind of like 14.4 billion and then 26.5 billion is like if the price is going up, I would imagine some of this demand, well, the averages may be true, could look a little more choppy than in the spreadsheet. Would you say thats a correct intuition?
Speaker C: I think thats fair. I am going to say they are a little different than retail. And ill tell you why. These advisors, first of all, when you use an advisor, typically they dont day trade for you. Theyre not nearly as active as individuals might be that manage their own money and really succumb to that fomo. I mean, ive used an advisor, I dont now, but years ago during market volatility and called up being like, what do you think about this? Should we do that? And usually the advisors, theyve got a longer term plan for you and the council against sort of rash moves.
Speaker A: Thats what theyre there for, to keep.
Speaker C: You rash and to develop a long term portfolio. Right. And I think when you think about sort of the long term, long term thesis for bitcoin, it really is a long term goal even. Right. The bitcoin maximalist will tell you that also for the most part. Right. So like, I think that the advisor world is probably going to be less prone here to short term market movements in general. So it's likelier to be stickier capital than say people with a crypto exchange account or like in their own personal accounts. But yeah, I mean, that's totally right. I mean there's, that's one of the many things that can happen that would change this analysis. I mean. Right. Dramatic moves in price in either direction I think would alter this.
Speaker A: Okay, so while we're talking on price, we've been talking about inflows, net new inflows the entire conversation. So we have a year one of 14.4 billion in net new inflows, and that increases over time, 26.5 in year two and 38.6 in year three. Okay. The question though is what impact does that have on the price of bitcoin? Is there some sort of, of amplification effect? I think there's like a surface level analysis of somebody could hear this and say, oh, so you mean bitcoin will go up $14.4 billion in year one? I'm not that excited about that, Alex. It's already 600 billion.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker A: You're just saying it's going to add 14.4 more. That's not quite how this works in the inflow world. Can you explain that to us? What's kind of the amplifier effect here?
Speaker C: Yeah, this is, this is actually very hard to calculate, like fully scientifically because there's factors like liquidity and market depth that first of all are hard to actually wrap your head around now will be hard to understand and conceptualize a reasonable possible future under this market structure. And also you have to make assumptions about things like liquidity and depth and other things that are really tricky. There's a lot of variables to really model that out from a bottoms up. We did a similar analysis to this, or more of a top down thinking. And you can think about, Paul Tudor Jones had talked about golds market cap is x, bitcoins is y, and bitcoins only 4%. And what if it went to ten or 20? That was what he talked about. In 2020, we did something a little similar, a little bit more intricate, but basically, we liked gold as a comp. And people debate this all the time.
Speaker A: Is this in your tweet thread, by the way, Alex?
Speaker C: Yeah, exactly. So this is where we look at the regression on price change based on the flows into the gold ETF. Some people were critical of our r squared here, but I think from looking at changes in price, 0.27 is pretty reasonable for drawing a correlation. But, yeah, we like the gold ETF for a couple of reasons. One, obviously, gold is bitcoin, and gold are often compared. I've called bitcoin gold with wings that's got similar scarcity properties, but you can actually use it. You can't walk around with gold bars in your bag. And you certainly can't store large amounts in gold wealth, really, unless you're a sovereign or a central bank. It's physically heavy, but with crypto, including, obviously, bitcoin, you can store huge amounts of wealth. In fact, the amount of wealth has no impact on the physical weight and all that stuff that overlap. But also gold is a global scarce asset, commodity asset that didn't have big investment grade vehicles, really, until relatively recently. And that was an ETF. And several ETF's that 2004, right? Yeah. So I actually don't recall, but, like. Yeah, mid, I think it was around then. Mid, mid two thousands. So. Okay, so there's a comp, there's an inflows. We can see, obviously, different market at that time than today's market, like globally and whatnot. But it's close. Right. And again, this is back of the napkin stuff. And we're trying. When you do this type of stuff, I also did venture at fidelity, at Avon Ventures, and when you come up with these types of tam analyses, you're really just trying to triangulate on something that's reasonable, a reasonable way to think about it. You're always welcome, welcoming to others to challenge these assumptions. You just have to make some if you're going to do the exercise. So we looked at what percentage of bitcoin today is in investment vehicles, and what percentage of gold today is in investment vehicles, and then we think gold. And then we looked at market cap comparison. Gold's about 24 times larger in total market cap, but has 36% less supply in investment vehicles. Right. Is what we were pointing out. So that gives us a dollar equivalent amount of fund inflows to bitcoin having an 8.8 times greater impact on bitcoin markets compared to gold markets. Right. So this is like the, this is the kind of, we set it up a pretty clear methodology. I don't know if it's certainly, it almost certainly isn't the correct methodology. There really isn't a correct one. And then we basically model forward using our inflows and looking at the comparison and using that as a multiplier, we look at the historical relationship, which is this regression chart between inflows into the gold ETF and what it did to Xau USD gold spot. Right. Okay.
Speaker B: So this 8.8 number I really want to drill down on because if my memory serves me correctly, as soon as the gold ETF got approved and was made available, the gold had just an insane bull run. Over the next decade, I think like this sustained a very impressive bull run. And you're saying this number that you're coming to is that the equivalent of dollar amount invested into bitcoin is going to have an eight times eight greater effect on the bitcoin price than what would have been into the gold price, correct?
Speaker C: Yeah, that's our view. And it's just to be clear, that's extremely bullish, right? Yeah, I mean it's just the, it's like I said, it's the back of the napkin math. I mean, I think there are some, by the way, there's some huge like reasonable disagreements on this. For one, when gold ran in the like mid two thousands to you know, through the great financial crisis, that was a massive macroeconomic event that impacted golds price as well. It wasnt just accessibility. And it did also take a while for inflows to really start ramping into those vehicles. So it wasnt immediate and theres certainly, almost certainly were other factors at play causing people to invest in gold than simply not having been able to. But yeah, thats the basic. And then basically hold that constant. We hold that inflow constant and then we reduce the multiplier over each month forward that we look at. Because as bitcoin grows, then it becomes its percentage in vehicles to its total market cap grows. So the multiplier actually declines in our analysis. So it decays as bitcoin grows. Again, cant stress enough, but this is what we think is a defensible way to think about it. Its certainly no guarantee, but I think we came to about a 70%, 75%. If you again, you agree with our other inflows analysis about a 75% price appreciation from launch to one year forward.
Speaker B: Yeah. And I think the disclaimer here is we're stacking assumptions on assumptions. And so at the end of the day, the rope gets frayed, but still directionally, we can start to model out some sort of prediction about some ultimate actual price impact. And Alex, I want to actually see if I can get a number out of you as well as a few other questions as well. Just like a where is bitcoin price going? Maybe to the nearest of our ability to predict it. But also theres a bunch of ancillary things as well. The market timing for when this is getting approved is interesting. Were closer to the bear market than when spot bitcoin futures got approved, which is at the top of the bull market in 2017. Liquidity is low. Also, there are some other side effects like, well, now theres bitcoin ETF marketing from some of these big issuers. And so how does that play into public sentiment? So im going to ask you all these questions, but first, a moment to talk about these fantastic sponsors that make the show possible.
Speaker A: Back at the station, we are back with Alex Thorne and we are zoning in on the questions. So we got all these new inflows, suspected inflows coming in from the bitcoin ETF launch. What's that going to do to bitcoin price? And I think we were getting there and you may have mentioned it as a side point, a number, 74%. I want to zone in on that. So what does this mean, Alex, and how much will these inflows actually impact bitcoin price according to our analysis? So I've got a tweet thread up here that ends with ETF first year bitcoin price impact estimated 74.1%. What do you mean? What do we mean? Are we taking the price of bitcoin as of now and we're multiplying that by 74% or like, and then we're adding that to the price. Like, what are we doing at the 74% number?
Speaker C: Yeah, so this is just from like launch day one is the idea, ETF launch. So I think we calculated it in the report. As the bottom of this tweet says at the end, we just used end of month September because we wrote this in mid October. You would basically take this ramp and do it from whatever price bitcoin is at, at the start. Right? Because this is really focused on inflows driving that appreciation.
Speaker A: So with bitcoin price, let's say the ETF launches in January 2024. Okay. And that's like maybe an estimate for most of the analysts we talk to around that time range. And let's say the price of bitcoin is fifty k at that time time. Right. Then we apply this analysis on top of the 50k bitcoin.
Speaker C: Yes. Yeah, that's the idea. But I think it's pretty reasonable to think, and I think David might have mentioned this at the beginning too, how much of it is priced in already? I mean, I think if we run that far, you'd assume a fair amount of the price is priced in. But again, Arnflow's analysis does not suggest that there's a priced in amount. So, yes, in this analysis, you would add 75% on top of that.
Speaker B: To me, the price inflows sounds pretty price insensitive, as in they don't really care what the price of bitcoin is. They kind of just. Are the dcaers, they're just the smashed buyers. I don't really care what the price is.
Speaker C: That's the idea. Right. Like we're just saying one in ten of capital that could access it would choose to. I think that's pretty low number, right? We're not saying one in five. We're not. Now, could that be lower? Yeah, it could be one in 20. Right? That would be half a percent, not 1%. That cuts the whole thing in half. Right. It's totally possible. We don't know. But, sorry. It could be 5%, not 10%. They could choose to allocate less. But the portfolio benefits for the 1% allocation, when we came up with that, and were certainly not unique in suggesting that ive heard that from plenty of people over the years with different analyses that encompassed bear markets and bull markets. So that included, when price was very high, it still was additive to the portfolio over that five year timeframe. So, yes, this analysis does not actually calculate what would happen if the price ran up really high or really low.
Speaker A: That's because you guys can't calculate that or else you're a market oracle and you know the future and you're, you know, you've time traveled. Like Marty McFly. Right, exactly. Okay, so, but I just want to understand that. So per my example, if in January, the bitcoin ETF is launched and it's at 50k over the course, over the inflows, over the next year, we would expect bitcoin to increase another 74%, that's another thirty seven k, and we get to a price at the end of 2024, all it's being equal of 87k or something like that that's what this simple analysis would predict. That's what the math.
Speaker C: Absolutely, yes. That's what it says. And I know we've said it a million times. Right. Just back of the napkin, not a total prediction here, but. Yeah, that's exactly right.
Speaker A: Okay. And then can we, is there any way to anticipate, like, the front running then, piece of that? Let's just isolate that for a second. So, you know, bankless is the number one podcast in crypto. Okay? So this is getting out there everywhere right now. And so a bunch of people are looking at these, these numbers from Alex Thorne, and they're saying, huh, okay, you know, your price could increase by 74%, so I better buy now. And that induces more demand, I suppose. And I don't know, there's some front running.
Speaker B: It borrows demand from the future.
Speaker A: Yeah. So are we, can, can the front running? How much will the front running dampen this demand? Are you just setting that aside for this analysis? Is there any way to tell.
Speaker C: Yeah, there isn't really. I would say there's. It's certainly. There isn't really in this analysis. Right. But I will. I mean, I agree. It's. It's actually really hard to think about because I can see reasons to. Reasons why it could both induce more demand or dampen it. So dampening is pretty straightforward. You look at it when you get access and you say, gosh, it's gotten pretty expensive. Maybe we should wait for it to come down more. We liked it at 30, but at 50, that seems expensive. That's the obvious thing. People might choose not to allocate if that were to happen, or not allocate yet. But again, we're looking at a whole year here. We didn't say month one, two, because we know there's a lot of variables, levels. The other side of it is, we've seen bitcoin volatility come down over the years on a realized basis. You can see that charts lower highs and, well, when it gets low, it never really goes lower than the lowest it's been. Was actually super low last year, was super low earlier this year at some points in the low twenties, which is very low for bitcoin historically, but with declining volatility and increasing market cap and liquidity, you can actually allocate more. Right. That's why we risk adjust. That 1% analysis on allocation size is based on using sharpe ratios and risk adjusting it for volatility. So if it got bigger and volatility is lower, then you can allocate more. Right. Because on a risk adjusted basis there's less risk in terms of volatility. So in that sense you could see that there are people that there might even be others that we don't even really talk about, or just really, really big clients of bank, broker dealer, independent radhe that have so much money that 1% is a ton of money or they want to put some to it and they simply cant because of volatility and other things. So you could see that if its bigger, lets get really big, lets say sovereign wealth funds or central banks themselves, its just too small for them. Even at a trillion, its probably too small trillion market cap, there are pools of capital that wont come in until volatility is much lower and liquidity is much higher. So there is an induced demand factor too. But again, we really just can't know. I think the people, our analysis is based solely on the fact that we hear there's demand, we know there's a giant pile of wealth that can't access it. And the accessibility is what will again, one in ten people owning some bitcoin, I think that's below even the White House's estimates for people that own crypto. So I think it's conservative that the same numbers would carry forth into these new new addressable markets.
Speaker B: I think understanding that if the bitcoin price appreciated significantly up to the event of this bot bitcoin ETF approval and made accessible to all this capital, rationally, it would make sense that there would be less demand for it because price went up. If the thing is higher, therefore there's less demand for it. But also, I've done a few cycles of crypto. That's not how things work. When bitcoin price goes up, people want more of it. And I think there's definitely an argument to be made that what is bitcoin's marketing department. Department? Its price. Uh, and so if the price does lead into the approval, which leads into further continuation, followed by Blackrock legitimately marketing bitcoin to its customers. Because there's a big race. There's like how many horses in this race trying to become the number one bitcoin spot? ETF?
Speaker C: Eleven or twelve right now. Yeah.
Speaker B: Right. So there's eleven or twelve, like organizations, big capitalized organizations, all going to be marketing to try and jostle their ETF into position to be number one. So there's going to be a massive marketing campaign. Right? Am I assuming too much here or this is kind of like the more like I've seen a cycle, too, of how this plays out. This seems to make sense to me.
Speaker C: Yeah. I don't know exactly what all the applicants are planning, but if you look at past like ETF launches or when reits became popular, you see a fair amount of marketing. Right. And there's also educational materials created for all the, of potential buyers. Right. So like. Yeah, so I, that that's going to happen there, there's clearly a competition afoot.
Speaker A: So it's fascinating to me how much Larry, Larry Fink is talking about this. He's, of course, is the, the CEO of BlackRock, the largest asset manager in the world right now by a long shot. And he has become like almost Michael Saylor, like in his, as soon as.
Speaker B: They have a product to sell, they're bullish on bitcoin.
Speaker C: I was surprised how far he went. You know, you're probably referring to Ryan, the clip from maybe now, two weeks ago or so when he said that, like in a, in an upheaval world or macroeconomic uncertainty, flight to safety. Yeah. Gold, bitcoin. Gold dollars. And bitcoin could be a flight part of a flight to quality trade, which, by the way, I mean, I agree with in the scheme of things. I know that historically people trade bitcoin and crypto more as a risk asset, but I think it's fair to look at bitcoin and say that it's fundamentally quite predictable, transparent. It's global. Right. Like there things that should make it like a safe haven accent in terms of its fundamentals. But yet to hear Larry Fink say that, I think was pretty surprising and I will say monumental.
Speaker A: Okay, are you guys ready to burst some bubbles here now? No, sorry, David, we're doing it anyway. David, put your mic down for a minute here.
Speaker B: Ok.
Speaker A: The bullet, the bull is going on mute. So Alex, give us the bear case for all of this because I knew you've heard it. We've laid out the bullcase case quite well and we've brought the numbers and the analysis kind of backing the bull case. And it's based on inflows to higher bandwidth pipe to a lot of capital and get all that. What's the bear case for all of this? I've heard some people say that like this is overhyped. It's already priced in, it's already front run. Look at the recent Eth futures Etf. It's kind of just done nothing with respect to numbers. Everyone who wanted bitcoin already had access to it. Basically. The bitcoin ETF is overhyped. Ain't nothing going to happen with respect to price. Just like the sound of a balloon deflating. So give us the rationale behind that bear case.
Speaker C: There's a couple. I'll start with some of the ones you specifically mentioned, Ryan. I mean everyone can already access bitcoin. It's something I hear a lot. And we've talked about this, how you and I can go buy it on exchanges on Coinbase or Kraken or river cash app. We can. Right. But I've talked a lot about already why wealth channels can't. They don't have access to those platforms. They don't have the cash settled futures ETF's, they don't have the OTC products. Typically the OTC trusts. That's why we only looked at this group. Right. I mean, I think that's the first thing I would sort of say is on accessibility. Sure. Like I said, if I have a wealth advisor and they have 99% of my family's money or whatever, my money, then yeah, I'm free to take 1% of it and go open an account at Kraken. Sure I am right. But most don't. I would say that use and certainly the advisors themselves, don't bring it there on your behalf. So I think the accessibility question, this is why we focused on this channel specifically. But it's absolutely possible. I don't really think there won't be as big inflows as people think. As an actual, actual case. I think the real thing is what could cause there to not be big inflows. And I think there are a couple of things. One, the biggest thing is a significant risk off movement markets. Right. We talked about how I think, and how Larry Fink said that bitcoin could be part of a flight to quality trade. Well, it mostly hasnt been historically, and maybe it isnt. And then there is a need to fly to quality and people instead go to something.
Speaker A: Its been more of a risk on type asset.
Speaker C: Absolutely right. Have. Right. You could have a recession come or something like that. A big financial problem that's on the back of the rates and the inflation questions. That could all move risk in ways that could dramatically affect people's appetite for something like bitcoin, period. So a material change in that environment, which is possible, that could be caused by geopolitical events, it could be caused by a financial crisis. Who knows what. Let's say inflation ramps up again. Huge. Just like in the seventies and eighties when Paul Volcker was in charge of the Fed. They tried to come down from their first hikes then they couldnt and they had to ramp hikes way back higher. That could dramatically affect risk appetite just generally, which would certainly think affect a bitcoin ETF. Thats a main one in terms of the anticipation versus the inflows. If I had to guess, there are plenty of people now trying to. Youve seen it in bitcoin price over the last month. There are people trying to price like reprice the asset given the likelihood or not likelihood in their minds of the ETF, of ETF's generally. So it absolutely could be like a buy the rumor, sell the news event on the announcement or the launch, because these things also take, even if you're bullish, they could take a while to ramp up. Like I said, even the most bullish platforms might not turn it on for it could be months now. It's got to go through whatever risk approval process and committees they have. So our accessibility argument could take longer than we thought. Right. Even if we're right on the actual demand, like the turn on the ramp up time could be slower than we thought. There's plenty of that is possible, right. We don't know how fast. Like I said, the broker dealer advisor segments would turn this on. That's why we tried to be conservative and said only a quarter of them would even get it turned on in the first year. So that's a major thing that could affect it. And who knows? There could be regulatory issues that also affect it. I don't think bitcoin within the crypto ecosystem is that much in regulators focuses. But of course, anything like, there's certainly stuff in particular that could happen, like on mining, for example. One of the things you've seen all the applicants update their s one s with is additional risk disclosures around mining, specifically around that the electricity usage of mining could cause political backlash, which could result in regulate. So that's something that could happen. Um, I don't think that's very likely, but that could happen. But also there's other regulatory stuff that touches all of crypto. Right. Like we were talking about, like Fincen related stuff that could impact all the exchanges or, you know, we saw Senator Warren was effectively saying that self custody was, you know, the chosen tool technology of terrorists. Um, self custody is important to bitcoin also, right. Like that would be negative for bitcoin, just like it is for any other crypto in general. Um, I think, and some people say, well, the ETF's not going to be self custodied. So couldn't that even like be good for. And I'm like, no, it's just bad for the overall case, for crypto in general. If something like, if a ban on self custody were to happen, you know what bitcoiners talk about is order executive order 6102, the seizure of gold by the us government. Right? Like that would be bad overall. So there's regulatory stuff like that that could impact demand for crypt, for bitcoin ETF. I still think, like, even if it's a buy, the rumor, sell the news on the event, either the announcement of approvals or the launch or whatever you want to talk about, whatever the event driven I cycle is there. We're talking in this report and also thinking about it as more of a long term thing. We know it's going to take a little while to happen. We know the inflows don't happen overnight. I also think you mentioned the ETh futures ETF. Very different market. But we also know these products aren't really that great, certainly not for long term. The longer you hold, the more decay and roll cost you incur. And if you look at, and it's not terrible, those vehicles are pretty good for short term exposure in the scheme of things. They perform pretty close to Nat to like, spot price in the shorter terms. But advisors are more longer term investors. Right. So that's another reason why they don't particularly like those products. So I don't. I don't know.
Speaker A: I do think, Alex, a lot of the things you're pointing to are just general, like, you know, bearish, bearish, crypto bearish, bearish. Nothing to bitcoin type takes. Right. It's like I'm still bullish. I think even the biggest, baddest bear would have to admit I. That all else being equal, they could still think that bitcoin prices may be front running this, that it's overhyped, that it's all priced in. But they'd have to admit that expanding the pipe of bitcoin inflows to the tens of trillions of dollars that are available, worst case, that's neutral for bitcoin. It's not negative for bitcoin. It's not going to mean price goes down. It can't be bad, right? And think of the history, the trajectory of this asset. We are 15 years. About 15 years from launch. We just celebrated the birthday of the bitcoin white paper yesterday. And we are 15 years. And we've gotten magic Internet money worth nothing. Worth nothing. Zero. Okay. To 600 billion being shilled by the biggest asset manager in the world in 15 years. That is quite the accomplishment. I would say. So hard in that context not to interpret this as bullish either.
Speaker C: I agree. And you have to realize too how powerful just ETF, the ETF wrapper as a product is. It has overhauled the asset management industry. It makes trading. You could have passive ETF's attract one commodity like talked about gold. You can have them that track a basket passively.
Speaker A: It's like Tradfi's ERC 20 right.
Speaker C: It is. It's like a rapto, it's a wrapped asset basically, right it is. And, but then you can use them in all the infrastructure like they're a standalone equity. So you can do things like depending on who you are, you can do margin lending on them, right. Securities lending, you can, you can, you can send and settle them like they're like intraday all day. Unlike a mutual fund, they can have their shares created and redeemed all day. Whereas if you usually, if you invest in a mutual fund you have to send a check or you know a wire or whatever in um and it doesn't get added until after the close and then can't take it out until after the next. Right. Like they're great products in general. They're make, they make investing highly accessible. Um and they, and I would say, I mean gold being one of the most iconic examples. Like there was really no investment grade gold access period. Like you could, if you, if you, maybe if you were wealthy enough or whatever you could call up some of the big banks or broker dealers have like a metals desk and they would like buy spot gold for you and keep it in a vault somewhere for you. Right but like you're not like moving it around, you can't get in and out of it quickly. Right. So I, I agree. I also the, the marketing is a huge point right. Like it matters it and also if it were to be approved, if they are to be approved thats a pretty big stamp of approval right. I mean especially if youre sort of not in the day to day of this and youre saying wait, the SEC has just approved bitcoins, spot ETF's. If that happens, it talks about the level of maturity of the industry that questions around things like custody and transferring and even illicit finance have been sufficiently answered for the approval to have happened. And so I think there's a lot that legitimizes it. By definition. It institutionalizes it. And when the largest asset manager, keep in mind I think fidelity is the third largest asset manager in the world and they're also deeply involved in bitcoin and have been for years. So, like, it's starting to look like all the smartest people that, you know, asset managers think this is a really good product at this point and should be approved. You know, it's not little. The maturity of the applicants is also a big part of the story, as we've talked about with Larry Fink and others.
Speaker B: So this is a little bit of a side quest, but I was reading this article about conservative response towards legalized marijuana. And as soon as marijuana was legalized, conservative marijuana consumption just, like, approached baseline where it used to be, like, so anti marijuana. And then as legalized, like, yeah, they were just, like, eating. It's okay now. Yeah.
Speaker C: Some people are saying, yeah, I guess some people's reason was just, we don't want to do things that are illegal, basically. And if they're illegal, then we'll consider it. Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: And I mean, obviously this is just like, bitcoin is not illegal. But, you know, if this kind of rhymes, right? Just like, as soon as it's gotten the regulatory stamp of approval, people are like, I'll buy it.
Speaker C: Now we can consider it, right? I mean, that's the other thing we talk about with the adviser. Because even if you could access the trust or the cash settled futures, there's, like, suitability reasons why you wouldn't look at it, right? Like, if you'd say that, I mean, these fees are too high. You might say, I know the trusts have pretty high fees like that. That might just be a reason not even to bother learning about bitcoin yet. So the only vehicle I can buy is fees that are way beyond what I would ever allow my client to pay. Right. You might say. So you don't even consider it. Right. Same thing. If they're not on the platform at all, the second it's on the platform, like, you've got to excuse not to. Yeah. The question starts being like, well, like, let's say bitcoin, you don't invest, and your advisor misses, like, a big run in bitcoin. And they could have done it, and they really could have because custody is taken care of. All the KYC stuff, all the compliance, it's all taken care of by the issuers. Right. And these are real issuers. Um, you've kind of, have you done your job at that point, you really.
Speaker A: Have to consider, remember what we're talking about, this capital, we're talking, one in ten choose to invest in bitcoin at all, and then that of that investment of those, one in ten, only 1%. That's what your analysis is. It's really a tiny fraction.
Speaker C: Right, right.
Speaker A: Okay, so as we end this episode, Alex, I want to tee up the question. Let's take off our bitcoin hat for a minute. Actually, no, no, I'm going to keep my bitcoin hat on, my bitcoin bull hat on. And I, to put over top of that hat, an ethereum bull hat. Okay, so the arguments that we just made for bitcoin, do they also apply for the possibility of an Ethereum ETF, which according to some analysts, James Heffer and others, if you get the bitcoin spot ETF approved, then we might be, this is lower probability than bitcoin ETF, but we might be months away. I don't know, months, could be six months, could be three months, could be twelve months from a theory and ETF. And if that is the case, don't all of the arguments that we made for bitcoin then also apply for Ethereum? And maybe in an amplified way, because Ethereum is lower market cap, Ethereum has even less legitimacy than bitcoin in kind of like tradfi, right. Gary Gensler is constantly like, well, I'm not going to tell you if it's a security or not, you know, know. So what is your take on the potential of an Ethereum ETF to affect etherprice?
Speaker C: So our analysis isn't, I wouldn't say that the price in particular isn't directly comparable because I'm not sure that we would comp it to gold in the same way, which is what we did for bitcoin. But I would say in terms of accessibility, it all absolutely applies. Right? I mean there are not just like, there are not, advisors are not able to access, you know, Eth bitcoin. Theyre not able to access these bitcoin products today, the existing ones, the cash out futures, the trust or whatever, or like Kraken spot, theyre not able to access EtH spot really, or the ETH trust. So I think from an accessibility standpoint, it absolutely will have a pretty large market. I think the narrative for the investment community is further behind. I also think its thought of more as a risk asset or technology investment than bitcoin, which people have. The bitcoin is digital gold mantra, I think has really taken hold in a lot of investors eyes and minds. So I'm not sure what the, I think we have to think about a little bit differently, by the way. We will think about it. We will rerun an analysis like this on ETH for the same sizingly ETH ETF market, we'll call at some point. But, yeah, I think the accessibility, which, as we described in our analysis, that's the main, main thing we're altering. Right? I mean, we stayed flat at 10%, choose to invest 1%. I don't know if we'll come to the same exact flat, like, unchanging variables, but the ramp could look very similar in terms of the total addressable market. And so. And look, I agree with. I really respect Eric Balchunis and James Safer at Bloomberg Intelligence. They've been really great on the legal and regulatory approval process, timing and all that for the bitcoin ETF. The reason they're saying this is because one of the core, pretty much the core core argument that the DC Circuit Court of Appeals made in that grayscale ruling was that there's no material difference between the futures ETF's and the spot ETF's. In fact, I think they said there was mathematically no difference. They used the term mathematically. Well, I mean, then the argument obviously holds. Well, like, I mean, if the SEC approved the bitcoin futures ETF's and now they're doing work on the spotted tfs, and if they do approve the spotted tfs ETF's, well, don't we also have ETh futures ETF's? Wouldn't the same argument apply? I think. I mean, we don't know, but I think. Yeah, like, I see the logic and why, you know, they could be forthcoming after we haven't done the math on it. I don't know exactly where we'd land. I do think of ethereum generally as more of a technology innovation play than a pure digital commodity. Of course, they're both like gas tokens for their networks. There are things that are very similar. Right. They have. Have similarly. Not that inflationary. They're both quite scarce in the scheme of things. I can do the EI 1559 conversation versus bitcoin, predictable scarcity, but there are overlaps. But I think it's a little different. But that could also even be extremely positive. Yes, I think broadly, yes, I think they would be big. I think they could definitely be big. There are a lot of people that own Ethereum and a lot of other people who might want to own it that can't currently.
Speaker A: Well, bankless nation, you heard it here. There still might be some opportunity to front run bitcoin. It depends on how you think this is all going to shake out. And it certainly seems like there's some opportunity to front run Ethereum. I will say one thing, Alex, is we recently had some of the folks over at fidelity on for an Ethereum episode, and it was really interesting, the more recent narrative around ether, particularly being staked, as kind of like an Internet bomb bond type of narrative. So this idea seems to be in the early stages of taking hold in tradfi, which is very exciting for bankless, because we've been talking about this for a long time, which is if bitcoin is gold, then ethereum could be this form of Internet bond, which could really be interesting, particularly if you had a staked ether ETF at some point in time.
Speaker C: You have to assume that the ETF's, if they come out for ether, will stake a large portion. I think mostly not. Custodians will, too. Yeah. So, no, I think that's an interesting differentiator. Absolutely. From an asset standpoint. I mean, it generates some kind of return, even if it's dilution, protection, or a yield, or whatever you want to call it. Staking adds an interesting component here.
Speaker A: Alex, this has been incredibly helpful, and you are doing this from a fantastic podcasting booth, podcast studio, I believe, at the offices where you reside at Galloway Galaxy. And that is also because you have your own podcast, as I understand it. What do you guys do on the podcast? What's coming out next?
Speaker C: I appreciate that, Ryan, a lot. Our podcast is called Galaxy Brains. It's typically we talk with one of our head traders, Bimnat Abibi, about market conditions and macro for the first ten minutes, and then we have a guest from somewhere in the ecosystem, occasionally somewhere from Galaxy. This week, we have two of the top Senate aides that worked on the bipartisan Proof act, which has been introduced in Congress, which bans the commingling of customer funds at crypto exchanges and custodians, and also requires a cryptographic proof of reserves attestation on a monthly basis. Very interesting narrow bill.
Speaker A: This is something we like. We like the proof act, right? Like Alex, like this is a good.
Speaker C: This is pretty narrow and straightforward, right? If you hold my funds, then you gotta keep them out of your account, and you also have to cryptographically provide some attestation that. And then an auditor will compare that to what they said you're supposed to have, and then that has to be published. We don't actually say, the bill doesn't actually say how much that it has to be one to one. We're saying you have to publish it. So we'll be able to know if, you know, you claim that you have 100%, but you don't actually. That's the idea.
Speaker A: You can give us some SPF protection going into the next bull run. So where can folks access that episode?
Speaker C: Alex? Yeah, galaxybrains IO takes you right there. But you can also see all of the stuff, including our reports that we talked about today@galaxy.com.
Speaker A: Research bankless nation. We will include some links in the show notes for those resources that Alex just mentioned. Alex, thank you so much for coming on bankless. Very excited about the bull case for bitcoin. And months, months away. January are close. Okay.
Speaker C: But I agree with that. January 10 or sooner is the most likely, in my opinion.
Speaker A: All right, January 10 or sooner. It could be a fantastic new year. Alex, thank you so much for, for coming on danklist today.
Speaker C: Yeah. Ryan, David, thanks for having me.
Speaker A: Risks and disclaimers, bankless nation, gotta let you know, crypto is risky. Bitcoin models are risky. So are models. So is analysis. So is buying things and selling things as well. You could lose what you put in. But we are headed west. This is the frontier. It's absolutely not for everyone. But we're glad you're with us on the bankless journey. Thanks a lot.
