Speaker A: Bankless nation. It is Thursday, January 11, and the reason I give that day is it's an absolutely momentous day. The bitcoin spot ETF's just got approved. This happened yesterday and the markets went live with many of these ETF's. Today we brought on Eric Balcunas, who I'm about to introduce and talk to. As you'll know, he's one of the main analysts, ETF analysts, who've been predicting the spot bitcoin ETF and updating the bankless community about where it is in the process. And he, I think, quite accurately predicted, he said many months ago that with a 95% certainty we would have a bitcoin spot ETF in January. And indeed now we do. So I grabbed some of his time. He's on the circuit today talking to many different organizations. But I want to get a market reaction on the ETF, how it's doing so far, check on volumes. Also want to talk to him about which products might be winning and, like, whether they're meeting expectations or not, and all of the other details that have come in last minute. So I'm going to get with Eric. We're going to have that conversation, keep you updated on the latest with the bitcoin spot ETF, and celebrate this momentous occasion in just a minute. But before we do, we want to thank the sponsors that made this episode possible. Bankless nation. We have Eric Baltunis here. He is a senior ETF analyst for Bloomberg Intelligence. Of course, he has been keeping us informed of the spot bitcoin ETF, and now here it is. Markets have just gone live. Going to check in on that with him. Eric, how you doing?
Speaker B: Good. A little tired. Running on fumes, but these are great. These are once in a while situations. So I enjoy the excitement. I've been covering this stuff for a long time and there's long stretches of just normalcy. So the past week in particular has been really exciting, but tiring.
Speaker A: Yeah, I bet it's tiring. How does this match for excitement of other ETF launches in kind of your career and your history?
Speaker B: This one definitely rings with Bito, which was the futures ETF. But then we've had, like, remember when Arkmania was going on? There was a lot of. That was about a year where Ark was just doing things that were unreal, like supernatural kind of feats. That's kind of exciting. And then I'm always excited by Vanguard. I've been covering them for a while. They're almost like a. Like a slow moving aircraft carrier. So they're not as jumpy or exciting, but what they're the size and the sheer mass I find exciting, and I cover them a lot. So there's definitely areas that are exciting, but this is really unusual in that it's sort of like two worlds colliding. And obviously, a lot of the data that we have on the terminal, it's cool. It's interesting to see them up there now and trading. So the first day or two is big. Over the next couple of weeks, though, this will die down. They'll be like, the volume will settle, the excitement will settle. So we're kind of. We're peaking off. You know, my engagement on this is probably at the peak the last two days. It's probably going to start going this way over the next couple of weeks.
Speaker A: Yeah, that makes sense. And your engagement on crypto Twitter is that you've become, I think, a mini celebrity of sorts on crypto Twitter, and that's got to be somewhat unique. You probably don't get that sort of public reaction with the vanguard ETF's. Maybe I'm wrong about that, but I know the crypto community is pretty loud, at least on social media.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. So I went to the Bogleheads conference after my book came out a year ago, and some people had read the book there. So I will be known in sort of that audience a little bit, but not like this. And they don't. They're not. A lot of those people are not on social media when it comes to social media. Yeah. This audience, very engaged, very vocal and creative and funny. So it's fun. I mean, I totally enjoy it, but, yeah, there's really nothing to compare this to, to be honest.
Speaker A: All right, so this was a little bit weird. I want to get your take on this. I don't know if this happened. You were on air somewhere live, but this happened on Tuesday, the SEC's Twitter account appeared to announce that the ETF, the spot bitcoin ETF, had been approved. It turned out that, as they said, that their Twitter account was compromised, this is maybe a hacker or some. Some other person who got into the account and posted some misinformation, like, what is up with that? Have you had time to digest that? How bizarre is that to happen at the 11th hour?
Speaker B: Really bizarre. I was. My initial reaction was, it's accurate, because, again, I never thought that particular Twitter handle would be compromised. It just didn't cross my mind then the graphics, maybe I didn't read it close enough. When I go back and read, I'm like, okay, yeah, there's a couple things on there, but kind of look legit at first glance. And I was expecting them to announce everything exactly 24 hours later. So I thought, okay, well, maybe they just want to get ahead of this, drop it as a pr situation and then do all the backfill with the documents later. That way, people aren't just, like, hitting this on their website and crash their website. I could see that. And so I was like, all right, it's like an early Christmas present, you know, it's like getting a present on Christmas Eve. Now they're approved. I thought that was the whole plan. So then you find out what happened. Crazy. Just ironic. Hypocritical a little bit, because, you know, they're supposed to be into security, and then, like, the, looks like the ex security safety people put out that it was, you know, they didn't have a two factor identification or what's that called? Authentication. So I don't know. That's a little egg on the face for them, for sure, on top of this whole gigantic delay on this stuff. And then, you know, they have their own issues on that. But that was a curveball. Some people started to go, wait a second, they're going to have the FBI investigate. This is what. They're going to use it as an excuse. Some people thought Gary was so maniacal that he did that on purpose so that he could then reject them. And he has. And he also had the staff working for three weeks straight, you know, around the clock, so he could just go, well, we did. So I had to deal with a lot of people who had these theories, and I just. I was like, it doesn't make sense. Gary directed all this work. I'm just going to stick the obvious. And it turned out to be right.
Speaker A: Yeah, absolutely. And so, of course, spot, bitcoin, ETF's were approved the following day. I guess, you know, officially not by hackers. The way this was approved was interesting. So there were three commissioners. There's a total of five commissioners who, I believe, vote on these sorts of decisions. Three were for and two are against. And I'm wondering, did. Did you have a chance, Eric, to read some of those statements? So Gensler was in the four camp. Okay. Hester purse and another commissioner were in the four camp. There were some other. Two other commissioners who were in the gens camp. Did you read those statements from Gensler and purse? I mean, from my perspective on Gensler's statement was, it felt like he was really dragged into this kicking and screaming. Particularly because of the courts. He mentioned kind of the grayscale court case. But what was your take on the statements coming out of the commissioners for their individual votes here?
Speaker B: You know, they were all on brand, purse was on brand. I happen to think like her. Give the people choice. And even Gensler, though, in the approval hinted at, well, look, if you're going to do it, this is probably the best way, which is what we've been saying all along. If they ban crypto, fine outright. But if you're going to let all these exchanges exist and microstrategy stock and GBTC, an ETF will be a more pure deal for something that tracks the price. I mean, it's just a better option. So that's where, as an ETF person, I knew that the whole time. So he discovered what we all knew for like eight years. And I went to the SEC, first ever investment management conference about four or five months ago. I was invited there to speak, and I remember him speaking at the beginning, and he went through all these things like the advisor world, the broker world, crypto, and he had all these ideas for how to regulate them. And he got to ETF's and he didn't really have anything. He's like, good industry runs. Well, he didn't have any problems with it, so even he can't find anything wrong with ETF's. So when it was my turn to speak, Gary had left. So I was just speaking to the other people at the SEC, and I pulled up GBTC's percent premium, which is all over the place. And then I pulled up the percent premium of the ETF's in Europe, which is like, boom, because the arbitrage. And I said, just, you guys should trust the ETF more than you don't trust crypto. It sounds like he kind of arrived to that place with the court's nudging, and I'm happy he did. The two anti votes. First of all, I didn't think there'd be a vote. I was slightly wrong. I wasn't wrong. I said there could be, but there could also not be. The two anti votes is interesting. You'd think Gary would have met with them. There's a very strong possibility that Gary met with them, because they're all on the same team. They're all three democrats. And they were like, gary's like, we're doing this, we have to. But you guys write the anti, you can go full throated with the anti. That way we're on record saying, we hate this, okay? And then because we know the other two republicans are going to vote yes, so off the vote yes, I'll be the swing vote, but at least we'll have. It won't be like some majority thing, like, we lost our minds. You guys do the. No, I don't know if that's true. That would not surprise me at all, because at the end of the day, this was all baked in. Gary was going to have to vote yes because he, again, he put everybody to work for like two months.
Speaker A: Yeah, the. The statement that surprised me the most, like you said, genslers was on brand, felt like his arm was being twisted. Hester Peirce was just like, we should have done this ten years ago, that we should be a merit based regulator. Crenshaw's statement actually, you know, kind of surprised. Surprised me. Took me aback a little bit because it was very anti crypto and I wonder what the future for some of these commissioners is. Obviously, at some point in time, Gary's going to vacate the chair. So it'll be interesting to see the dynamics play out because we've got maybe some more ETF products that we want to get out there, Eric, if they'll allow it. I mean, we've got ether in the future. We'll talk about that in a second. But one thing I want to talk to you about is how we doing so far? Tell me about volume. I know you've got some tweets out this morning and this is emerging in real time, but at the time of recording here, what does volume look like? And benchmark this with historic volumes for other ETF's?
Speaker B: I'm about to refresh my spreadsheet just for you. I'm going to give totally updated numbers here. There's a lot of numbers flying around. So this is called the spot bitcoin ETF race. Correct. So if I include just the spot bitcoin ETF's and if we include GBTC, we get to $2.7 billion traded so far in volume, that is enormous. If we kill GBTC because it came over with volume, because I track new ETF's all the time, and when a new ETF launches, has nothing going for it, it's like a little newborn being shoved into the Amazon. So to me, GBTC is not a real new ETF. So I'm really looking at the other ten, and they have 1.5 billion. So they've already smashed as a group the world record, which was held by Beto at a billion in the first day of trading volume.
Speaker A: The world record for what ETF's or just crypto? ETF's.
Speaker B: No, total. Wow. Beto had the most volume in the first day right at 1 billion.
Speaker A: So it's beating like gold 2004 type ETF's.
Speaker B: Well keep in mind a billion wasn't a the same back in 2004. If we adjust it for inflation I still think it would be beating it but gold would look a little stronger. Gold's big claim to fame GLD rather was it was the fastest ETF to get to 1 billion. It did in three days. Wow. And that is impressive in 2004 numbers. But, and that was always like the Joe DiMaggio record of, of ETF's. That's the guy who had a 57 game hitting streak that no one has broken since the baseball player. It's like one of those sports records. Like then nobody will break it. And that was that DiMaggio record. But then Beto got there in two days. Now we have the group is probably going to beat all of those records. The question is will one of them beat those records? And ishares looks good. We're looking at $566 million. That's over half a billion. So the day's about half over. So we could have a bit of a. Oh I'm sorry. I bit sorry about that. I'm looking at the wrong number. I bid is at 713 million already.
Speaker A: That's the winner so far that it's.
Speaker B: Probably a near lock to pass a billion. Probably by two two thirty pm. Once it passes a billion it's broken the volume record. And in flows tonight, all of this will probably get converted to flows in the first two days. So my guess is I give 80% chance that I bethe breaks bettos record alone. Throw in the group you have a doubling of the breaking of the record. So all good signs, the only caveat to all this is that this volume, I dont know how much of it is actually this unmet demand that was like oh my God im buying this. Versus these issuers lining up their clients and their investors saying hey buy our fund on the first day. Well find the answer to that at over the next couple days and next week in particular. But nothing wrong with lining people up and having a big splash. It's good for everybody. The ether futures were also in my mind because they were total flop. They traded a million or $2 in one in all of them together. So a million or two they traded in one day. And think about this, ishares alone is already at 700 million in a day.
Speaker A: That's incredible. So this is a record smashing ETf launch then for bitcoin. I guess Wall street and these issuers have got to be happy with this performance, right? And maybe it's. So who's ishares? Who's behind ishares? And how are some of the big entrants like Blackrock doing, for instance?
Speaker B: Well, Blackrock's the one at 713 million. So they are leading ishares.
Speaker A: Is Blackrock.
Speaker B: Same thing. Same thing. Ishares is like the brand name for their ETF's. Blackrock does other things besides ETF's, but the brand name for their ETF's is ishares. They actually bought that ishares from Barclays, so they didnt make the name. So Barclays thought of the name ishares. But if we go to a sword here, ill tell you whos number two. Number two on this is fidelity at almost 500 million. So fidelity could actually break the record of Beto, but still lose to ishares. Who breaks all that?
Speaker A: So do these first days matter at all? Does this kind of set the precedent usually with ETF's about who's going to win? So is the, like the winners of the first three days likely to kind of be the winners five years from now?
Speaker B: Yes. Wow. So you get a lot? Oh yeah. The first couple days are really important. The only thing I would say that's a caveat to that is that ishares blackrock, which is ishares. A couple of times they put out ESG ETF's and they totally loaded up those ETF's with like a billion or two in the first day. And although the member didn't grow gradually like this, it was more one chunk and then those didn't do much after. And so I want to see volume the next couple of days to really get an eye of this. But most of the time, I mean, again, there's an art to this. I would say that the way this day closes will be a great foreshadow for where they all are in a year.
Speaker A: Wow. And how about bitcoin price? So some have talked about this being is kind of a sell the news type of event. We saw a spike up now at the time of recording. Anyway, we're at, I believe, 46k for bitcoin. So a little down from kind of the highs, I think.
Speaker B: I opened up my screen today expecting to see some kind of huge sell off because everybody was like, the news is selling the news, selling the news, selling the news. Well, the news was yesterday, so I don't know why it didn't sell. It's weird. So then I put that out and it immediately started selling. So, which is perfect. I own that. But I was just. I was a little surprised because after Beto launched, there was somewhat of a selling of the news. Now that was a really. That is still the top, actually.
Speaker A: I was like, top of the cycle?
Speaker B: Back in the top of the cycle.
Speaker A: Yeah, 17 maybe.
Speaker B: We'll be there now. But what I've been asked a couple questions about this, though. The 1.5 billion that's in the spot, bitcoin ETF's today, all that's going to be buys. Like, they have to buy bitcoin with that money. But the GBTC volume is probably outflows only, right? So they are kind of canceling each other out today. So even though the volume is really good, because there's activity, you want volume long term, it's good. Healthy sign. This is a situation where you are having outflows from GBTC inflows on all these and it's netting out to probably zero. So the other parts of the price of bitcoin are probably people doing other things. I don't know if the ETF's are going to move the price, given that canceling out of those flows today, they're about even. So anyway, all this is a little hard to totally read.
Speaker A: Zooming out. Are you a subscriber to the belief that this just opens up a big pipe, a big bandwidth of capital into bitcoin and into crypto, though? Like if you look at sort of the next twelve months, let's say, because that's been part of the bull case that we could see this. I don't know, what's the size of this? Do you think we get bitcoin to tens of billions of dollars inside of an ETF?
Speaker B: Well, what's your timeframe?
Speaker A: Let's do the next year. Twelve months?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, Grayscale's got 30 already. Some of that will leave, but they'll probably be at least left with ten by then. So let's just x grayscale out. They're a unique case. Will the rest have 10 billion? I'd say, yeah. Ishares is gonna. Is already gonna be over a billion inflows tonight, so. And it looks like fidelity is going to be half a billion. Bit wise. Is it 56 million? Arkit 177. Again, you add this up, youre looking at a billion or two tonight already. And so we have eleven months and ETF's are the vehicle of choice. For many investors. So I would say 10 billion in non GBTC assets is totally possible. I wouldnt be surprised. You throw GBTC and I think you go to 20 or 25 because GBTC, again, remember, has 30 right now. Does.
Speaker A: Does GPTC just convert to an ETF?
Speaker B: It did.
Speaker A: It is. That happened as well.
Speaker B: It transitioned.
Speaker A: Okay, so transition. But you're not counting that as the launch, even though it is still an ETF, just because it's been existence for so long.
Speaker B: It'd be like. I don't know, counting, like it's like steroids or something. I don't know. It's not. It's. I don't know. I've just watched ETF launches my whole career. And a true ETF launch again, you're starting out with nothing in this terror dome, and so I really discount how hard it is. So if. Depending on the category, like, if, I don't know, a cybersecurity, thematic ETF gets like 10 million in trading the first day. I'm like, wow, that's interesting because it's hard to get trading on the first day. This is hyped up, so I'm going to raise my bar for this. But it's already cleared it, in my opinion.
Speaker A: Do you think we could flip in gold ETF's?
Speaker B: What do you mean?
Speaker A: Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: I mean, it would take a couple years. I think gold ETF's are like 90 billion. I think. So. If Grayscale is 30 now, you're looking at another 20. But maybe grayscale sees some flows. Like I said, I would look at that as a five year goal, not a one year, though.
Speaker A: So, Eric, last 60 seconds, we have you. I know. You got to jump. Final question is, we got to. We got to spot bitcoin ETF. Okay, how about the spot ether ETF markets are always forward looking, and so we're looking at the future. And I recall a time where you and James said maybe 70%, something like that. Probability in 2024. How's your prediction now? Do you think we get this over under? And what percentage?
Speaker B: Well, James and I haven't put our full forces behind investigating this, but my. My logic, and it's probably pretty solid. And from everything I've heard, if they approved ether futures, they kind of have to approve spot or they get sued. They could get sued. And maybe Grayscale wants to convert their ether trust and is like, look, we don't want to, you know, just talk to them. Hey, we don't want to sue you. You have to approve these because the same rationale would apply if you, you let bitcoin futures out of. You got sued and then you have to do spot bitcoin. You let ether futures out. Well, it just seems like ipso facto, they kind of have to do it at this point. Any coin beyond that, definitely way more up for debate, but I would be optimistic. Not like 95% at all or anything like that. Maybe a little over half, maybe up to 70% that they will approve this. Also, remember who was the first one to file and whos like, final deadline is in May. Blackrock. Blackrock.
Speaker A: Blackrock has filed for an ethereum ETF.
Speaker B: Yeah. So. And, like, if it was some random, like, no name issuer, I'd be a little more pessimistic. But again, they're not dumb. You know, they got this done. You know, they're looking at the next one. So I would probably hitch my opinion a little bit to Blackrock in this case. And they haven't followed any others. There was that fake XRP filing, but if they did that, I'd look at it more seriously. But for now, I'm just, I think those, this one and then the ether, and then I just don't see anything for a while.
Speaker A: Amazing. Eric, thank you so much. Congrats, and thank you so much for your coverage on the crypto ETF's. We'll be bringing you on to speculate more about the Ethereum ETF in the future if you're willing. So it's been great. Thank you so much.
Speaker B: Yeah, thanks for having me. I'll talk to you later. Bye.
Speaker A: All right, take care. Bankless nation got to end with this. Of course, risks and disclaimers. Crypto is risky. You guys know that. You could lose what you put in. But we are headed west. This is the frontier. It's not for everyone. But we're glad you're with us on the bankless journey. Thanks a lot.
