Speaker A: We're hitting this afternoon 150 million in AUM. By the time this gets published, it's probably going to be three to 400 million, I don't know, depending on how the inflows come, but, wow. My sense is that this is going to be a pretty big fund because there's so much stuff out there that is likely to move here.
Speaker B: Welcome to Bankless, where we explore the frontier of Blackrock on ethereum tokenizing securities. Really interesting subject today. So earlier this month, the largest asset manager in the world, that is Blackrock, released its first tokenized fund on Ethereum. We talked about this on bankless. It's called the Blackrock Biddle Fund. So I think David and I knew this was big, like a big deal. But after the recording the episode you're about to listen to, I think we're realizing it's an even bigger deal than we initially thought. This is about tokenized treasuries on chain. This is about tokenized securities on chain. This is about the largest institutions in the world opening what we call a bank branch on Ethereum and starting to tokenize their assets. A very bullish episode for you today.
Speaker C: Before we get into the episode, we're going to talk to our friends and sponsors over at today on the show, we have Carlos Domingo, who is the founder and CEO over at Securitize. Not BlackRock, but BlackRock uses leverages, securitizes software, like a software platform, to help them produce and maintain this on chain security. This tokenized security on chain. There's been like a mixed reviews about people's perceptions about Blackrock coming and being on chain. Like, oh, everyone is so excited that BlackRock's here. And then the other half of the other half of the people are saying, like, oh, why are we celebrating this bank coming on chain? First off, is actually not a bank. BlackRock's not a bank. It is an investment management firm, has a lot of assets. BlackRock is allowed to go bankless just like everyone else. And so to me, this is the process of BlackRock taking its treasuries, taking its assets, putting them on Ethereum, and taking them away from other people. So this is the process of BlackRock, the largest by capital organization firm ever, choosing to put their toe into the world of going bankless, starting with the most proximate security after actual dollars, which is tokenized treasuries, putting it on chain. Pretty cool.
Speaker B: All right, guys, we'll get right to the episode with Carlos talking about Blackrock on Ethereum. But before we do, we want to thank the sponsors that made this episode possible. Is Blackrock now tokenizing things on Ethereum? It seems like it may be. How big of a deal is this? The smart contract that rolled out to mainnet last week is called Biddle. That stands for Blackrock USD Institutional digital Liquidity fund. On the podcast today, we're going to find out what exactly that means and if it's as big a deal as it seems, and we have the perfect guest to guide us through that. Carlos Domingo. He is the founder and CEO at Securitize, a company that tokenizes real world assets. And they were the ones that were involved in the press release and provided the platform to help Blackrock tokenize the biddle fund. Carlos, welcome to bankless.
Speaker A: Thank you for having me. Big fan of the pod.
Speaker B: Well, thank you. We're a big fan of what you're doing in terms of bringing real world assets onto our crypto networks. And so I think we want to start by really trying to understand what actually happened last week because we got excited, crypto got excited. BlackRock, of course, is the largest asset manager in the world, something like 9 trillion in assets under management. Absolutely massive. They are certainly a bellwether for the rest of traditional finance. And if they are tokenizing, we want to know as much as we can about it. So can you help tell us what is going on? We see a press release here. We see Blackrock tokenizing something in your words, what just happened last week?
Speaker A: So what happened last week is exactly what you said, right? That the largest asset manager in the world decided to take one of their funds and tokenize it on the public Ethereum blockchain, which I also agree with you guys. I read the post you guys did yesterday. This is a bigger deal than most people think. And we've done a lot of tokenization projects over the years, probably more than anybody else. But I think this is really an inflection point in the industry because of the importance of the company doing it, but also how it was done. And we can talk about the specifics of that. But yes, it's a big deal and I hope crypto people realize about it.
Speaker C: Just to nail down some of the specifics here, this is actually not a new fund. This is a pre existing fund that is now being put into the form factor of a digital token on Ethereum. Is that correct?
Speaker A: No. So this is a brand new fund set up specifically to be tokenized. It is just similar to other funds that BlackRock has. BlackRock has, I think, $800 billion of cash management products they call it. So these are funds that help companies manage their cash. And this is one of them, which is very similar to, I think it's called the fed fund, the one they have, but it's in the standalone fund and that has been set up brand new for the tokenization project.
Speaker C: Okay, so what are the details behind this fund? Like, what is the return profile of this fund? What composes this fund?
Speaker A: So the fund contains overnight repos and three month duration treasuries. So it will give you the same yield that the fed rate gives you today. That obviously depends on how interest rates changes, but around that, and then it's a cash equivalent fund if you want, because what it contains is like cash and it's as liquid as cash.
Speaker C: Okay, so short term interest rates, short term treasuries, this is like cash and cash equivalents. This sounds like the safest, most proximate fund to actual cash. It's like cash plus the most proximate amount of yield possible.
Speaker A: But it gives you a yield, right? If you hold cash, you don't get a yield. Or if you go hold stable coins, you don't get a yield. If you held this, which is cash equivalent, then you're getting a yield on your assets. So it's used for. We can talk about the use cases, but the most obvious one is treasury management. Like anybody that has treasury, you keep a portion of it in a very safe instrument to make sure it doesn't disappear overnight and that you can convert it in cash anytime you have liquidity needs. So that's the kind of instrument that we're putting on the Ethereum blockchain now.
Speaker B: Really dumb 101. New question for you, Carlos. When you're talking about a fund, and this is a new Blackrock fund, what do you mean by fund? Is a fund just a pool of capital, or is there some specific asset manager meaning to the term fund?
Speaker A: No, a fund is basically a legal structure that is set up as a fund, meaning that is an investment vehicle where people can deposit money to that money, be deployed in certain underlying assets that you need to disclose who they are, which ones they are, that provides a return to investment. So a fund, it could be a private equity fund, a VC fund, a credit fund, or these kind of instruments, which are referred, usually as money market funds.
Speaker B: Would it be accurate to say, Carlos, that this is like a tokenized treasury? We've been talking a lot on bank lists over the last six months about this emerging theme of tokenizing treasuries. Is that what this is? Or how proximate to that.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's very close. You don't tokenize one treasury. Let's say you can buy a t bill for a certain duration and then tokenize that. This actually is an actively managed fund that they keep basically buying different treasuries in the underlying. And that what you're buying is the unit of the fund that is actively managed by. By investment manager, which in this case is Blackrock. So yes, it's within the realm of tokenized treasuries, but I will say it's a bit more sophisticated than just taking a treasury and tokenizing it.
Speaker B: What is something a similar analog maybe, in the traditional finance world to what this actually is? Would a money market be in kind.
Speaker A: Of the right money market fund? It's a very good. This is essentially a money market fund correctly.
Speaker B: Okay. So I actually use a product in the tradfi world through Apple Pay. It's really nice because integrated into the wallet. Wallet, for instance. And I think Apple behind the scenes works with Goldman basically. And with Apple pay for the credit.
Speaker A: Card and everything, we go, yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: There's actually like a credit card and it's. There's a high yield savings account. So like my Wells Fargo account, like, full disclosure, in case people in bankless didn't know, both David and I have bank accounts. We bank at Wells Fargo occasionally try to minimize them whenever possible. You know, some people are very surprised by that, Carlos. But we still do have to pay some, you know, trad bills around here. Anyway, so I also have a. An Apple pay account, and they offer a high yield savings. It's like 4.7%, something like this. It's better than what Wells Fargo offers, which is like 0.2%. They are not passing on the savings in the checking accounts to their customer. And I think they work through Goldman to effectively power this. I'm sure Apple gets its cut. Goldman takes it before a lot of.
Speaker A: People get a cut in between.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly, exactly. So it's not great, but it's much better than my Wells Fargo account, I guess. How close is this to something like that? Now it seems like it is gated to institutions, of course. So retail can't get it in the same way. I can get the 4.75% in my apple wallet, but how proximate is it to something like that?
Speaker A: It's very close. On the blockchain, you have stable coins. That's like dollars that you can move around. And then in the real world, you have the actual dollars, and then you have your saving accounts that give you a yield. This is the same thing. People can actually move their dollars, their digital dollars, and put them on a digital savings account on chain to start earning a yield.
Speaker C: Something that's unique, that is part of this offering, this tokenized product, is that the tokens themselves are stable coins. They're worth $1, but it's a yield bearing instrument. And so the way that the yield actually gets sent to the token holders is that every 30 days, there is like an on chain dividend, call it, where the yield that was accrued over the last 30 days is sent pro rata to the token holders on chain. Can you talk about the design choice of why make this a yield, a stable instrument, stable value instrument? And then the also the design choice of sending the yield every 30 days.
Speaker A: So first, this is common. Like, there's many market, money market funds that you buy a unit at a fixed price, let's say a dollar, and then as you accrue interest, they will give you more units of the money market fund. So it's called rebasing. And the underlying value of the unit of the fund, or the token in this case doesn't change. And then the way we're doing it, though that is very differently, is that once a month, and hopefully one day, this will not be once a month, it will be block, black block. Because from a technology perspective, there is no reason why tokens are infinitely divisible. You could think of a scenario where every block on the blockchain, you're accruing 0.001% of a token, and then you get all those tokens there. But today we walk before we run. It's once a month, and it's like an airdrop, if you want. That's not a technical regulatory, it's a technical term, it's not a regulatory term, but essentially what you're getting is you're being airdrop, more tokens with the same price into your wallethead every time you do it. And for us, it's easier than to do it this way, because from an infrastructure perspective, we basically, once a month, we calculate in our platform, look at all the holders on chain, see how many tokens every wallet has, et cetera, and then just run one transaction on the blockchain that basically does all their airdrops to people. So from an operational perspective, it's a super efficient way of doing it.
Speaker C: The other mechanism would have been a rebasing token. This is a token that we've seen throughout DeFi, at times where I, rather than having these tokens be worth $1. They would actually just increment upwards where the collateral behind the token increases in value. And so it starts at $1, then it's like $1.02 pennies and it's $1.04. But you're saying you are choosing to do it this way just because that is the form factor that it exists in other traditional money market funds. That's just the thought process.
Speaker A: That's correct. And it's also, if you think about what we were discussing before, that you have cash and deposits as a signal of having stable coins and the middle product and you want to move them in and out, then it's better if they have the same price, because for one token you get one stable coin. For one stable coin, you buy one token.
Speaker C: Certainly. How does the value actually get transferred? So these treasuries and repos in the back end are increasing in value. How does that actually, what's the steps for the increasing value of the treasuries and the other products that make up the fund? They eventually ends up as more tokens in people's wallet. How is that calculated? How is that, how is the value actually transferred? What's going on in the backend?
Speaker A: So treasuries are basically loans to the us government in a basic form. So the us government has to pay you an interest on that and they have a certain duration. So when they mature, they pay. And then you keep like buying more of the same duration and you keep staking them. So that's how these funds work. And then as the treasuries are accruing value or being liquidated, then there is a traditional fund admin that has nothing to do with the blockchain or world that operates in the traditional side of things, that provides us, which we are the transfer agent of the fund. The nav calculation of what has been the interest accrue, we actually get it on a daily basis and then once a month we then accumulate that and do the airdrop of the tokens.
Speaker B: Okay, so Carlos, when we're saying do the airdrop of the tokens, what token are we talking about? Like, what's the denomination of this David mentioned? Like a stable coin. When you're talking about airdropping, the yield, is that denominated in a stable coin or is that denominated in bittle tokens? And it's in the middle token, it's.
Speaker A: Denominated on the bittle token. The bittle token is not a stable coin, it's a security. I know crypto people don't like that term, but that's what it is. By the way, I think this helps people understand that the fact that things are securities is not necessarily a bad thing and that we can figure out how to make them work in the crypto space as well. This is security. We are registered transferring with SEC. We are selling it through a broker dealer, et cetera. And then the token represents one unit of the fund and the bill token. And then we keep sending you more bill tokens that represent the interest that you've accrued over time.
Speaker B: So I have these bittle tokens, and that represents the interest I accrue over time. So let's say I want to cash that out and I want to go back to the traditional financial system and get dollars or something to that effect. Or you're like, well, let's just start with that case. I want to take my bittle tokens that I've accrued over the past year and I want to cash that out. How do I do that?
Speaker A: At the moment? At launch, there's a redemption wallethead that is controlled by us, where you basically send your tokens to a redemption wallet and then that trigger basically liquidating your position or the partial position of how many wallets you've sent, and then we will wire you money to a bank account. That's how it works today. The idea, what we're working on is that there is a much better, more cryptocentric process where the little tokens get redeem on chain and you get stable coins into your wallet instead of getting dollars in the bank, etcetera. So that's the ultimate vision of how this will integrate with the crypto ecosystem, that there is funding mechanisms that are crypto, as well as redemption mechanisms that are crypto. And you can completely live parallel from the banking space that you guys probably.
Speaker B: Like that, oh, bankless, huh?
Speaker A: You will be bankless. This product will be bankless. But as much as not, we're part.
Speaker B: Of the way there then, with bitcoin to kind of going bankless right now, if I want to redeem, if I have a biddle and I'm accruing those biddle tokens and interest, then I have to sort of redeem via the traditional banking rails and essentially go back to fiat. But to transform my ETH address, where I hold bittle, into a complete bankless savings account, then we need some sort of on chain redemption process. And that's what you're talking about there. Now, in the meanwhile, could I spin up a uniswap liquidity pool for bittle? Or are there actual technical restrictions on transferring bittle at the contract level? I'm not sure that I'd have incentive to do that, but with crypto, all this stuff is permissionless, so maybe someone could do that.
Speaker A: This is unfortunately not fully permissionless because it's a security. So yes, you can transfer your tokens, but it has to be to another authorized party. So somebody else that has been onboarded in the fund and that we have whitelisted their wallets. Once that happens across all the market participants, they can basically send their tokens peer to peer. So you don't have to actually redeem them. You can just sell them to somebody that wants to get the tokens. And that's another form of liquidity if you want, instead of redemption in terms of interacting with DeFi, ultimately we want to do that as well. Obviously from a technology perspective is super interesting, both the lending side as well as the automated market making. Again, we will require a bit of an upgrade in the system to be able to deal with securities, but I think this is coming, this is unavoidable that is going to happen. I think the DeFi space will have a pure permissionless side of things, but it will have also a sort of my team and I would call it hi fi, like hybrid finance. So it's not fully decentralized because that's never going to work well with regulations. But it will be hybrid in the sense that today the build token, if you, Ryan, are onboarded in the fund and you've purchased some tokens, and David has also been onboarded, you can permissionlessly send it to across the blockchain with only smart contracts approving the transaction without any intermediary touching the transaction. So it is to some extent, there's some degree of decentralization and permissionless, but there is also some degree of permission and centralization which is unavoidable when you're touching regulated instruments.
Speaker C: I want to backtrack a little bit because we were talking about redeeming. We said the redeem word. I was poking around inside of the contract that all of crypto Twitter found and started playing with over the last week. And there's actually a redeem function that was called seven or eight or nine days ago or something by whoever deployed this contract. And when you called the redeem function.
Speaker A: That way, sorry, it's deployed by us.
Speaker C: It'S deployed by you guys. Okay, so, great. You're exactly the person I want to ask, then I'm going to tell you what it is.
Speaker B: For.
Speaker C: But this redeem function swapped out 25 bit of tokens for 25 USDC tokens on chain, specifically USDC. So what happens, what happens under the hood when the redeem contract is called?
Speaker A: This is our contract that is on chain. So people very quickly find out what we were testing. As I mentioned, the idea is that you can do on chain redemption of the token against stable coins, in this case USDC. So that's something we were testing. It hasn't been launched. So that's all I can say for the time being.
Speaker C: Is it stable coins? Could this be Dai as well? Or what's the scope here?
Speaker A: I mean, ultimately you can think of anything that you can redeem against that has a stable value. Because this is why we kept the build tokens $1, because it makes it easier to swap with another token that has the same price. You don't need any complicated, let's say, pricing oracles or looking at pricing which might be different in one place from another, etcetera. So yeah, it doesn't have to be USDC for time being the test that people have on Chinese with US DC.
Speaker C: Okay, okay, so this is the way you guys were talking about the parallel financial system where like, yeah, you can get it wired out to your bank account, or you could just stay in stablecoins directly on Ethereum, because there is actually this unique technical property of the token contract that allows one to one transferability between stablecoins that are like added to the redeem function. Right. Because it can't be any stablecoins that has to be actually manually approved to the smart contract. But then you can get one to one redemptions for your on chain fund.
Speaker A: Into stablecoins, that's the boundless future. Yes.
Speaker C: Beautiful. And then is the idea for this that because once you get that, once you have bittle being one to one transferability between stable coins, like USCC being the big one, then bittle has a similar liquidity profile on chain to USCC, which starts to open up some doors for bittle being collateral in defi. Is this on the thought process of the roadmap or is there any sort of conversations about this? Could you see bittle as collateral inside of Aave or makerdao or other applications?
Speaker A: I love for that to happen and we're certainly thinking about it and been looking at it. I think Dao is Dai is easier because you can just work with the foundation and get it approved as collateral, but in a pure defi pool that is permissionless. I think that's a bit more tricky. From a regulatory perspective, because you're basically putting a security as collateral and you don't know who is on the other side. So it could be somebody from a sanctioned country or things like that, which is a bit more tricky from a regulatory perspective. But Abe has Abe Arc, which, as you know, is a permission pool. We actually. One of the companies approved as being a whitelisted for Ave Arc. I know there's many Defi companies that are thinking about that way. Maple finance has already done some stuff along those lines. Uniswap is coming with version four, which has permission pools, et cetera. So I think that's the direction of the industry is taking. And we certainly would like to participate as much as possible, because that's the beauty of what we're building here.
Speaker B: I actually want a brief aside, because I'm not sure how much Carlos can comment on this. This is a brief aside to my fellow co host here, because, David, we were talking about this in the roll up. Yeah, we're sidebarring. Carlos just gets to watch and we'll look for his facial expressions, if heads are nodding, or whatever else. We'll do a body language analysis. Poker face, Carlos. So for David. So we saw the redeem function on chain being used in some of the crypto Twitter sleuthing, including some of your own, because again, you can see this entire. It's basically like a blackrock has opened a branch, bank branch on the Ethereum network. And what's cool about this, we can see what the bank branch does. We can see its functions. And one of its functions is this redeem function. In fact, we saw on chain, we saw it used for USDC. Now, what would it mean if on chain, something like Bittle had a redeem function for USDC? I want to ask that to you, David, to see what dots you're connecting. One dot, it seems to me, to connect. And this might be a layman's take or a dumb take. This feels like almost like a liquidity portal from tradfi to crypto. That's like directly on chain, right? So we can go from securities and the biggest security of them all, which are these like treasuries thing, and the biggest asset holder of them all, which is freaking blackrock with like a lot more. And we can get that into directly redeem, into stable coins, into USDC. That is very fascinating, because that would be a direct on chain, like bank branch that Blackrock has to exchange. Like, you know, that meme. I have an offer, right? It's like the offer is treasuries for us DC. So that could absolutely explode. Something like USDC in terms of the amount of USDC that's out there. That's what I'm connecting. But what are you thinking? What's in your mind?
Speaker C: No, that's exactly right. There's like. It's just less reasons to remove your wealth from being on chain to off chain. If you can simply, like, liquidate your bittle treasury to, like, USCC or like a stable coin, like, it doesn't sound like USCC is particularly enshrined here, but just like, if you can go from biddle to USCC, like, that is a USDC sized foot in the door for people keeping their wealth on chain, rather than like, getting a wire back to your bank account and having your bank account custody your biddle fund, now you can have your Ethereum wallet custody your biddle fund, and then when you're done with the biddle fund, you can go to USDC and you can buy your meme coins straight on uniswap. So, like, you're actually like, one degree of separation from meme coins. It's like really close coupling between bittle and meme coins.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Confirm or deny, Carlos. Go for it.
Speaker A: I'm not going to confirm or deny. I can't deny the function because it's on chain and everybody else in it. But yes, I want to quote Jeremy Allaire. Jeremy Allaire is the CEO of Circle. He's probably, in my opinion, one of the most articulated persons in the industry. I love his podcast and I've been there with him and many, many times. I think he always says something which has always resonated with me very well, because I've been on the tokenization of securities for a long time, and he's been in the tokenization of cash, which is basically what stablecoins are. And then he always says that one of the reasons why blockchain is so powerful as a new capital markets infrastructure, if you want, is because for the first time in history, you have on the same ledger with the same underlying technology, you can represent securities and cash alongside. And this is the build token is an ERC 20 token. USDCs and ERC 20 token. And then suddenly you have these two instruments that on traditional finance are completely pain in the ass to swap around. Because the banking rails that manage the cash and the securities rails that manage the securities are completely disjointed and separate, and they use different ledger, like a blockchain, at the end of the day, is a ledger, and then today now you have these two instruments representing on the same ledger, with the same technology, with the ability to swap them without taking any counterpart to risk, with atomic swaps and all that stuff. So that's where the future is going, and why tokenization of securities is so exciting. And it was not something when I started the company in 2008 you could do, because there were no stable coins. So now you have stablecoins as the most successful use case of tokenization. The next one is securities. Securities are really along very well, and that will allow you to go bankless, because at that point in time, you have on the same ledger, the two instruments that you want to be dealing with in your daily life, which is something to pay and something to move around quickly and something to invest or earn a yield.
Speaker C: Yeah. With the bittle fund, which is short term treasuries, overnight repos, the most liquid non cash assets that exists. Now, what do we have tokenized on? Ethereum, a ton of stable coins, one of the most liquid assets that exist, the dollar, and then the second most liquid asset that exists, which is short term treasuries and overnight repos. And so what I see is this is the first of opening up a very long door of still pretty liquid assets, but then even less liquid assets and even less liquid assets, more securities. And this is just logically the first one. But now we are moving down the curve of liquidity beyond stable coins now into short term treasuries, maybe then medium term treasuries, maybe then long term treasuries, and then after that, it's quite a lot. Number of things.
Speaker A: Credit. Credit is the next one. If you look at the tokenized, credit is the largest asset class of the tokenized. So it's tokenized cash, as you said, that's the number one. Then you have tokenized treasury money market funds, those kind of instruments of different durations. I think some other companies have multiple variations of the same product. But then credit is the next one that has less liquidity but higher yield than a different risk profile. We have a tokenization of a fund with Hamilton Lane, which is a trillion dollar asset manager. It's not 9 trillion like Blackrock, but it's pretty big, I can tell you. And then Hamilton Lane has a product with us called scope, which is a tokenized credit fund, which has less liquidity. So we are kind of enabling, through the cash accounts in our platform, a more frequent liquidity. But the fund itself is only monthly liquidity, because obviously, credit is more difficult to liquidate if you have underlying loans, but that's kind of like the next dominant default. And if you look at the credit unchained, it's great. There's a lot of companies doing credit, and with all the respect to anybody, I just don't want to sound offensive to anybody, but I think that there is a lot of higher credit products out there from the largest asset managers rather than crypto companies claim to be asset managers and selecting loans and stuff like that. I don't think that that's the job to do for crypto people. That's what the asset managers that have been doing this for decades and that they have trillions of dollars and their management are good at. So we're bringing those on chain already with Hamilton Lane and hopefully with some other asset managers very soon.
Speaker B: That's really cool. Yeah, I agree with you on the credit category, by the way. That's actually something that tradfi does far better than crypto right now. I mean, crypto does over collateralize loans fairly well, but when it comes to credit, when it comes to doing collateralized.
Speaker A: Loans are not credit. Right. Credit means I'll give you a loan against a certain asset or revenue stream or something like that. So the financial service process of analyzing the underlying asset to make sure you're lending at the right rate and with the right risk profile, it's a very complicated thing.
Speaker B: Yeah, they do a reasonable, they do a reasonable job about that. But let me ask you, when you were talking about credit, are you also including mortgages? Would that be something inside of this?
Speaker A: I'm thinking about private credit.
Speaker B: Private credit.
Speaker A: Private credit has exploded because the banks, when they went under last year, they've stopped giving a lot of credit. So the private credit space has exploded. So people just basically create funds that you invest in it. For an asset manager with experience on credit to be able to provide those loans that the banking system is not providing today.
Speaker B: By the way, this is another side from my co host David. The reason I think it's going to be more USDC on this redeem function than something like Daiden tether. This is my own speculation, and we can watch Carlos's body language, but it's because this is Blackrock. We're talking about going to take a long time for them to get more comfortable with kind of like a die type of primitive or like a tether. Like, you know, tether was just, you know, maligned in front of Congress, whereas, you know, USDC is home, homegrown America and like, tied in with the biggest banks in the US. But. But we'll have to see how that redeem function works.
Speaker A: But I'm going to give you another example of what they could do with this product, which is, as you know, tether. One of the problems with Tether is that the lack of transparency on their holdings, right. That's been speculation in the crypto industry for a very long time that they don't, for some reason, they can't come up with an attestation of their underlying assets, et cetera. By the way, circle doesn't have that problem because the circle reserve is managed by Blackrock.
Speaker C: Very comfy for that.
Speaker A: This is public information, by the way, I'm not discussing anything. You can think in a scenario where somebody like Tether, if they really wanted to convey trust to the industry by having transparency into their holdings, they will hold the biddle token.
Speaker C: Just buy bittle, buy biddle, buy Biddle.
Speaker A: Is probably very similar to what they're buying anyway, because apparently tether move away from doing commercial paper and things that are more risky in nature. Now, the interest rates went up, so just by biddle, people can see it on chain. And these other friends like Martin from the mountain protocol that has announced that he's going to do that with his yield bearing stablecoin is going to buy biddle. So people will be able to see the attestation on chain. So I think that's another great use case. Not just treasury management, but build derivative products.
Speaker C: Okay, so it does sound like the actual USDC contract specifically is enshrined in the biddle contract. But I won't. I want to ask.
Speaker B: Oh, I don't know about that, but I just feel like there's some social enshrinement at least there. But what's really crazy about this is by Blackrock essentially opening a treasury bank branch on Ethereum mainnet, then it's essentially exporting all of Blackrock's credibility, regulatory compliance, all of that entire apparatus, to anybody who can then buy biddle as a treasury for their funds. So if tether wants to, like, quote, unquote, legitimize with the us traditional banking system, rather than like, you know, like get better auditors to look at, all they have to do is replace the assets in tether with. With Biddle and then like, immediately they've got like Blackrock level assurances in their treasury. Again, this is just me speculating with my co host, Carlos.
Speaker A: So also, look, I mean, you just said something that is very important that I don't think people understand that. So when you're investing on the vital token. You're giving the money to Blackrock. We are just the tokenization platform. We are the transfer agent, managing the assets, providing the smart contract infrastructure for transfers, possibly redemption in the future, and broker dealer, etcetera. But the money is managed by Blackrock. So the counterparty risk you have here is with BlackRock. So there is a lot of other tokenized treasury projects and money market funds where it's either much smaller asset managers or crypto people that they woke up and they decide to be asset managers and now they are managing a money market fund. I just don't understand why when you have the product from the largest asset manager in the world, we would not want to take counterparty risk with anybody else, especially if all the functionality you need is there. It's on chain, it's peer to peer transferable in the future, better interaction with the stablecoins for investment and redemption, etcetera.
Speaker C: Okay, so BlackRock has the actual assets. Securitize issued the token, like wrote the token contract. Can you talk about, can you just shed more light on securitize's role in the whole creation of this product?
Speaker A: So BlackRock is the investment manager of the fund. So they take care of anything that is related to the fund in terms of, you know, receiving the money, investing, buying the treasuries, liquidating them, etcetera. There's an admin that takes care of the Nav calculation on a daily basis for us, and we play three roles if you want. One is a transfer agent. Transfer agent is an SSE registering entity that basically keeps track of who owns the securities. So we are the ones responsible to monitor the blockchain and changes on the blockchain for peer to peer transfers, redemptions, whatever, to be able to keep an updated cap table of who holds the tokens. We're also responsible for issuing the airdrops with the dividends. We brought all the smart contracts and everything. And we also the broker dealer that does the investor onboarding. So to invest in the build fund, you have to create an account with securitize. We do all the kyb for the entities onboard theme. Then we basically register the wallets, whitelist the monchain, etcetera.
Speaker C: Okay, so you guys primarily deal with the on chain state and the on chain logic. It also sounds like you guys have your own.
Speaker A: Like, it's complicated because we deal with the on chain, but we regulate entity, right? So we need to basically be able to take the on chain data and produce an off chain version for a regulator that's called the securities master file that as a necessary registered transfer agent we have to keep from legal, regulatory. But yes, we built all that infrastructure. We've been building that for years. So I think the reason we landed this project probably is because I can't think of any other company in the space that has done all the tech work and the regulatory layer on top of it to be able to interact between the tradfi and the crypto world in this way.
Speaker C: Right. So we have this like on chain digital ledger and then securitize in order to make this compliant with. Yes, EC has to make a mirror, like a carbon copy of that, make it go back into an analog form, because that's the analog form that the SEC understands and that's that checkbox and then all the other kind of nuances of it being on chain. You guys are just managing the traditional way of operating this structure, but then also you couple it into making it on chain and in this digitally native format.
Speaker A: So it will be a bankless project, but I don't think it will be an SEC less project for China.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, what's really interesting and why I think this is an absolutely massive deal is, number one, this is Blackrock. So again, largest asset manager in the world. Number two, what we're looking at here is the early phases of a pipeline between treasuries and potentially on chain redeemable stable coins. So that's a new pipeline. And then number three, it's kind of like a meta transformation of what we're doing here, because on the one side of that pipeline is sort of like securities, and on the other side is potentially something more crypto native and a stable coin. And so your comment earlier, Carlos, what can we kind of like securitize next? And what other pipelines can we actually create? So this to me is a big freaking deal. Let's remind folks though that of course this is starting small, and starting of course with, I believe there are some limitations and you call them whitelists early. Can you talk about, I think it's sized 100 million right now, how does that grow larger over time?
Speaker A: You can see the token on chain and track the progress. So the token open up. So we issued the first tokens on Thursday last week. Well, I don't know when day this gets published on Thursday. I'm just going to give the date so people know. So we issue the first tokens on Thursday 21st, and then as of Monday 25th, we're hitting this afternoon 150 million in AUM. By the time this gets published, it's probably going to be three to 400 million, I don't know, depending on how the inflows come. My sense is that this is going to be a pretty big fund because there's so much stuff out there that is likely to move here. Why don't you move, as I mentioned, treasuries of crypto companies that they want to keep it on chain instead of having to go to the hassle of opening a bank account with a warehouse to be able to buy those products, et cetera, when they can just buy it on chain from, as you mentioned, the largest asset manager in the world. So it's pretty risk free. The other use case that I mentioned is a lot of these derivative products that are being built that have treasuries, that those treasuries are analog. Now they can just buy a digital treasury digital money market fund to build their derivative products that will do other stuff. And then the third use case, which is very interesting as well, is if you think about how crypto trading works today. When a trading firm or liquidity provider is trading on exchange, they post collateral, right? And they post collateral as a margin account or to borrow against, et cetera. Today, that's done with stable coins, there is no reason why you wouldn't be able to post vital as a collateral on exchange. And that opens up like a massive, another use case of this product, because it's cash equivalent. It's less risk free from an underlying perspective, is risk free from a counterparty perspective or as risk free as it gets. So there's no reason why trading firms and exchanges will not do this in the near future.
Speaker B: So, Carlos, how can we watch this grow? Is this just directly on Etherscan? If we go to the.
Speaker A: Yeah, you go to Etherscan. Search for biddle. We work with the friends from Etherscan, which, by the way, thanks a lot to them for helping us with getting this quickly done. So if you search there, you can actually see the actual contract of the fund, and you can see how is it growing. We issue tokens only once a day at 03:00 p.m. so we receive funds throughout the day. And then every day at 03:00 p.m. you will see new tokens being issued and hopefully grow.
Speaker C: So not on weekends, though, right?
Speaker A: Not yet.
Speaker B: Not on weekends.
Speaker A: Seriously, man. So we are.
Speaker B: That's all right. Blackrock, I guess.
Speaker A: Look, ideally, you want to be able to make this something that, the same way that you can, in the future, have a faster redemption process in crypto. You can also buy a faster purchase process on chain. So it's 24/7 available.
Speaker B: Okay, so we've talked about some of the demand sources for this, right? I'm just looking at the trajectory. So we're in the 100 million range now, and that could quickly rise to 300 million, 400 million, that sort of thing. You've talked about the, the demand being from like Treasuries exchanges, derivatives platforms. Let's camp on the demand a little bit longer. What do you think the total market size of demand is for? Something like a tokenized treasury from Blackrock for bittle. And we should note that this is not available for everybody. There are some requirements. I can't necessarily buy this. Bankless listeners can't necessarily buy this is not a retail product. There are some securities laws that go into effect here. But how does this grow to 1 billion and then 10 billion and then 100 billion in your mind? Carlos.
Speaker A: So first, just to address the first comment, it is for institutions for the time being, I think that's the number one use case. All the crypto institutions, whether they're startups or they're l one s daos, foundations, trading firms, change. They all qualify. So there is hundreds of companies that could potentially buy this product and use this product. So it's not necessarily that limiting in that respect. It can be registered with SEC as a 40 ag fund and then it's available to retail. That's another regulatory process that might happen in the future. And then in terms of how big can this get? Well, so first, there's two aspects of it, right? One is that there's a lot of crypto companies that have cash off chain. That's the number one thing. Because a lot of the companies, they actually keep their money on a Morgan Stanley money market fund. So there's no reason why that can actually not move to this product on chain once you have the option to do it on chain with a credible asset manager like Blackrock, etcetera. So those are like billions of dollars already, because look at how much money all the crypto companies have raised. A. And if you look, that's not on chain, right? So then there is the billions of dollars of on chain stable coins that are not necessarily earning a yield, that are being used for liquidity purposes, people keeping on stable coins, or for posting as collateral force changes, or for trading, etcetera. So there's another like few billion dollars, like probably tens of billions of dollars that is there. Then the third part is that all the stable coins themselves that could use this as their underlying. So that's another 100 plus billion dollars. This could get really, really big.
Speaker B: Over time, it could get really, really big. And I think that could happen fast. It sort of depends. But yields are so attractive right now, I could easily see how this gets to tens of billions of dollars and then potentially hundreds of billions of dollars. I want to bring this also a full circle because I wonder if it's possible to, you know, the Apple Goldman example that I was talking about earlier where Apple has the distribution, anyone with an iPhone has the potential to use Apple pay. So it has hundreds of millions of customers just waiting. And then Goldman comes in with basically the tokenized treasuries and boom, you get a high yield interest account. I could see a future where a distributor, someone like a coinbase for instance, or a metamask with a wallet, basically has a high yield option for retail in their wallet where they get a cut of it and they go through all kind of the securities regulation. But underlying all of this and the source of the yield is something like bittle. I wonder if that could increase things more. Again, this is just me projecting of things that I've seen work in fintech, I guess, in the web, two side of things, but there's all sorts of sources for demand for this thing.
Speaker A: I agree. I mean, these days, regulatory hopes to be able to provide yield accounts. We went through this in the crypto space where Blockfi, Celsius, and all those companies that were giving these yield accounts were doing something. They were breaking a million laws because banks are authorized to give yield accounts.
Speaker B: How does Apple do it? I'm just saying, you know, if Apple can do it, crypto wallet should be.
Speaker A: Able to do that. When you're depositing on Apple, I'm assuming. I just don't know the details, but that the money is managed by Goldman. Goldman gives you the yield and Goldman is the bank. So they can do it. I remember, I'm not going to say the name, but one of the CEO's of one of these companies that were doing centralized yield that was saying, oh, we can do this because banks do it. It's like, no, banks do it because they have a banking license.
Speaker B: Oh, you're talking about somebody like a blockfire Celsius or something. Names that went down hard last.
Speaker A: Exactly. I mean, unfortunately. And by the way, the reason banks do it and Celsius and Blockfi were not authorized to do it and they went under is because if they had been authorized to do it, they will have a lot more scrutiny about what they were doing with the money.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: And they will not have gone under the way they went. So yes, we don't like regulations or we think regulations get on the way, but at the same time, they protect investors to some extent. So I think some degree of regulation is good for retail people. Right.
Speaker B: So let's talk about the supply side of things we talked about. The demand is, is blackrock going to run out of treasuries? Like do they have like infinite amount of treasuries? If we got 100 billion in biddle, would that be a problem for Blackrock?
Speaker A: The US government keeps printing money because that's where treasuries come from. Right? So there's no.
Speaker B: So we have infinite supply, basically, and.
Speaker A: You know, trillions of dollars in treasuries. And look at the, you know, when they, when the us government prints money, is that they're basically borrowing money to issue dollars and then they have a yield to pay. So. And I think that there is, yeah, there's plenty of treasuries out there.
Speaker C: So it makes sense that the, keep.
Speaker A: In mind we are like three month treasuries, right? So they buy them and then they buy another one, and then they buy another one, and then the previous one gets liquidated.
Speaker C: And then, so it makes sense that this product's first buyers are like on chain participants, Daos organizations, people who are already crypto native. But what, how would you sell, how would you pitch this product to people who are definitely interested in treasuries, but they aren't on chain? So, like, in what ways might this product actually bring more people on chain? And what types of people might this be? Have you thought about something like this?
Speaker A: Yeah, I don't know if this product is what's going to bring people on chain that are not on chain already, because I think that, but for the most part, you can get what Ryan was saying, you can get treasuries through a yield bearing account with banks, maybe you don't get the same yield because there's two or three layers of intermediaries there, but you get pretty decent one as opposed to having a bank account. If you are a more sophisticated investor that have an account with a wealth management bank, like say, Morgan Stanley, JP Morgan, you can buy treasuries there. So I don't think this is necessarily what's going to move people there, but I think what's going to happen with this product is that it's going to move more assets on chain. Because I think we've been talking to asset managers all the time, like we, and the first large asset manager that did something on the tokenization space was KKR back in 2022. Then we closed Hamilton Lane, which we done three funds. Unfortunately, in between, all the shenanigans with crypto happen with blockfi, Celsius, FTX, etcetera. So that kind of like give a pause to people thinking, is this like a serious industry? Is there regulatory risk, is there reputational risk, etcetera? I think that we are in a position now where for the most part, whoever needs to be in jail is in jail. Whoever paid a fine has paid a fine. And now the bitcoin ETF kind of brought crypto back into a more legitimate space. And now with Blackrock entering the tokenization space, I think that all the asset managers and I can look at my own email the last week or so are now thinking, oh, well, we need to do something about it because Blackrock is doing it. So I think that's going to bring then a ton of more interesting projects. And those are like eventually will be things that are not just trying to serve a need for the crypto natives like this product, but how to provide efficiencies for the non crypto native when they move on chain.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think Blackrock as kind of a flag bearer in a bellwether for all of this. If Blackrock's doing it, then you can bet every single large asset manager is figuring out, like in their boardrooms, what is our tokenization strategy right now? And I want to make kind of like a prediction because like, we've been fortunate enough to watch crypto emerge over the past, you know, five to ten years, Carlos. And this to me is just a major milestone. We have the largest asset manager in the world now tokenizing opening up a bank branch on Ethereum. You know, the only thing larger than something like Blackrock is actually a different type of bank, and that is a central bank. And I sort of wonder when we are going to see our first Ethereum smart contract directly from a nation state central bank deployed on chain. And I don't know if we'll be able to get a central banker on from the representative country in the way that you've been able to come on the podcast, Carlos. But I bet that has a redeem function in that smart contract. And there's some way to sort of mint new tokens, new whatever the denomination is from the central bank currency on chain. That is kind of the next step. And I'm just zooming all the way out to give folks like, like we have come so far to this point. And yet we still have other larger entities that have yet to come on chain. So at some level we are still early as well.
Speaker A: I'm not a big fan of CBDCs and let me tell you why. I think that first we already have something like CBDC. Like USDC for me is like CBDC. Why do I need that to be issued by the government when I have Circo, which is a private innovative company, doing it when I have the reserves being managed by Blackrock. So I, by trust that the reserves are there, at least provide stablecoin. And I think that the private market is more innovative, moves faster, it will do more things. And I don't know what's the point on the us government to step in and do a CVC. And if they do it, governments have a tendency to want to then monitor transaction and using it to exercise more control over people, etcetera. So from my perspective, I don't think that, I guess you're kind of making anything. What will be like, you know, what will be the difference? Like the only difference I could think of is that if the stable coin providers could connect to the Fed to be able to like, right.
Speaker B: That's sort of what I was thinking.
Speaker A: It would be done by private.
Speaker B: Just cut out the middleman entirely. But, but I guess what you're saying is, in a way, maybe this is the central bank, this is the dollar, this is a proxy CBDC on chain. Because if you think of something like USDC, and to mix that with treasuries, it's like, well, the US already has a central bank digital currency. It's just in the form of a stablecoin. This is certainly Jeremy Allaire's take. And I think it's very interesting, by.
Speaker A: The way, talking about going bankless, this is an interesting project, not just because it's going to be bankless at some point, but because it also, it's taking business from the actual banks. We've seen so many people that call us and say, oh, I have treasuries with X Bank. I've not mentioned anybody specifically, I'll just move it on chain. And suddenly they've got rid of the bank and they move it to Blackrock on chain. So I think that this should be a wake up call to the banks as well, that they need to be participating in this space. And of course, banks, unfortunately, because I know some of them are trying to be innovative and do stuff, they have restrictions because of the OCC regulations of not using public blockchains, which fortunately asset managers don't have those restrictions. But eventually this should be a wake up call for banks because they will see the deposit is go decrease because people will move the money to this on chain product that is a safe and higher yield as what they're providing.
Speaker B: 100%. I totally agree. Essentially, we're seeing property migrate on chain. You're sort of freeing yourself from. I would prefer a high yield savings account in my Ethereum account, like in my Ethereum address, on a wallet that I can control versus going and connecting to Wells Fargo, by the way. It's also more secure. I can keep it more secure, and I can use any front end that I want. I'm not constrained to the Wells Fargo developers and their ability to spin up a user interface. It's really a bring your own assets to the wallet world, and so much that will be built on top of this. It's certainly very exciting. So, Carlos, where do we go from here? So do you have any, like, are there any other milestones that you're excited about? Certainly we'll be on the lookout for that redeem function. On chain function, yeah, some of that. What does the future hold for this?
Speaker A: I think that, look, I was thinking the other day, the moment that crypto became mainstream was when they hit $1 trillion, because that's a catchy term. The moment crypto crossed the $1 trillion mark is more people started taking really seriously, and then that has triggered also the events we've seen recently with the bitcoin ETF being approved and things like that. I think on the tokenized real world assets, tokenized securities, where most real world assets are going to be tokenized as securities anyway. But let's say tokenized real world asset, which is the crypto term, I think we're in the very early stages, maybe where crypto was before. Even if you add stable coins, we're still not even in the 200 billion or 200 billion mark ourselves. And hopefully now many other companies, like, the last few years has been very exciting for me because I've seen a lot of companies coming into the space, which is great, because when I started six years ago, nobody cared about this. And now people care in crypto, which is great collectively. I think that as an industry, once we hit the $1 trillion mark of real world assets on chain, that's when this becomes to be really, really, really important as a part of the capital markets and financial services industry. So for me, that's kind of like the future I'm looking at then the next three to five years, whatever it takes, hopefully three, not five. Collectively, we get to that number. And that's when this becomes mainstream and when there is no way to stop it. And then that's when all these promises that everything will be tokenized, everything will be unchained and start happening.
Speaker B: Carlos, is something like this going to improve our narrative and our positioning with regulators and those in government who've been cynical on crypto in the past? And when they look at crypto, they somehow, even though we've reached the heights we've reached, they only see drug dealing and whatever else, they see meme coins and Ponzi schemes and SPF and all of the negative connotations and they dismiss it. But now we have Blackrock here with the risk free asset of the world, which is treasuries, and that's deployed on chain. That seems to me to be a counter narrative and a counter reality that flies in the face of this idea that crypto is just a bunch of Ponzi's and memes and like deeply unserious people. And I would think that something like this, well, we are, we are deeply unserious, so we'll concede that point. I'm just saying, does this help our case? Like this is.
Speaker A: I mean, I've been active last year for the first time on going to Congress and trying to reach out to, to the right people there from the house of financial services, from the subcommittee of digital assets. There's great people there. I had the pleasure to spend quite some time with Congressman French Hill. And I think that tokenization is not a controversial topic. I think both sides, both Republicans and Democrats, they do understand that this is an important thing that they need to support and then they need to facilitate that. It happens at scale, because is good for everybody. Probably all the topics in crypto are a lot controversial, like what's the security, what it's not, what is the market structure for trading crypto, all the icos and all that stuff. But forget about that part, this part tokenization. I think that this is the use case that we can get everybody to rally around to really push towards doing something productive with. With blockchain and this whole narrative, the last two years of the real world assets. I think that one side is a terrible name because RWA means something else in traditional finance. But in one side, it's actually interesting that the crypto people are calling this real as opposed to what they were doing before, which had nothing to do with reality meme coins and imaginary Internet money.
Speaker B: It's a different kind of reality reality.
Speaker A: So I think this is something that hopefully there's no reason why regulators wouldn't like it and will not see as an improvement as an upgrade of the financial system. Right. When I started this industry, what got me excited about crypto was not the meme coins or the NFTs or the tokens. It was an upgrade to the financial system that this technology could bring. For the reasons we've discussed, you have cash and securities on chain that can interact easily, that transparency, speed of settlement, etcetera. So hopefully this narrative is the emerging one in the crypto space. And of course there will be some people still building meme coins. It's unavoidable because it's permissionless and people can do whatever they want. But hopefully that will not be that big part of the market as we've seen in the last few years, but small one.
Speaker C: So, Carlos, completely hypothetically speaking, if there was a second product tokenization product out of Blackrock, what might that be?
Speaker A: The next one? Yeah, well, I can't speak for Blackrock, so I don't know.
Speaker C: Yeah, just completely like. Or just like what makes sense.
Speaker A: So let me speak for securitize if.
Speaker C: Yeah, please.
Speaker A: As I mentioned. So there is, you know, tokenized treasuries, which is now big, and we have a product that can get the scale bigger than anything else. There's variations of that, that maybe that's one of the potential paths to follow. But there is also private credit, which I think it's very interesting because also DeFi lends itself very well for lending, the DeFi protocols for lending. This real problem in financial services, people don't realize that when you want to take a loan of, let's say, an asset, the number one problem is how do you prove you own the asset? I know it sounds silly, but nobody knows whether you actually are the owner of an asset because you maybe purchase a fund from, let's say, Morgan Stanley, you go to JPMorgan, they have no idea whether you actually own that. They look at paperwork that you've done, but they know if you sold it, if you got divorced and you on 50%, et cetera. So I think that the token model solves very elegantly the proof of ownership, because it's there. If you put it as collateral, it's not there anymore. So you can borrow twice against the same asset. Also, the whole liquidation process is very efficient and et cetera. So I think that I'm very excited about lending and credit and how to bring that on chain, because I think that's a massive, also multi trillion dollar industry that has a lot of opportunities to bring it on chain. And then I think also the next one, which might be a bit more complicated from a regulatory perspective, is automated market making. What uniswap and others are doing is super innovative. I wish I could do it for securities, because securities have this problem that they have, the long tail of securities that are very liquid, that these protocols could actually bring liquidity. I think it's more complex to get it right from a regulatory perspective, for securities will eventually get there.
Speaker B: All right, penny stocks on Uniswap. Maybe that's the future, Carlos.
Speaker A: Well, that's what it is today, is coins on uniswap. You might as well put something real.
Speaker B: That's true.
Speaker A: That's true. But there is a lot of alternative assets that are not small, necessarily, but are illiquid because of the nature of the underlying asset, that you can bring some degree of liquidity. And if you want to democratize access to financial services products, illiquidity is a big problem for individual investors because you don't know what's going to happen with your life tomorrow. You have to, you know, move cities because you got a new job and you have to buy a new house, or you get married and have three kids, and you need cash, or you get divorced and you need cash to pay 50% of it. So there's a lot of stuff that prevents individual investors from accessing illiquid products, that if we can figure out how to bring some degree of liquidity with this technology, it will democratize the access to those products and will allow individual investors to invest like the rich people invest, because the rich people don't have that problem. So, and I think that's thinking of crypto as a democratization layer for financial services. That's what I'm excited about.
Speaker B: Carlos, thank you so much for sharing this with us. The mission truly is to democratize finance, and this is an incredibly exciting milestone for crypto, guys. BlackRock is now on chain. They have something tokenized huge. And, Carlos, we appreciate you sharing more about it and what your company is doing to help further the tokenization journey for crypto.
Speaker A: Thanks for having me. It was a pleasure.
Speaker B: Bankless nation, just one action item for you, because I think this is a milestone and deserves some celebration. We will include a link to the Blackrock bank branch on chain on etherscan in the show notes, so you can go check out what that looks like. If you're a nerd like the three.
Speaker A: Of us, I'll give you the right link to make sure.
Speaker B: I think I got it.
Speaker A: There were some people there, like, pointing to different tests, smart contracts that we issue, et cetera.
Speaker B: Yeah. Make sure you find the right one. We don't want you to be a victim of the fisher. It'll be there in the link. Got to end with this. Of course. Risks and disclaimers. Crypto is risky. So is banking. You could lose what you put in. But we are headed west. This is the frontier. It's not for everyone. But we're glad you're with us on the bankless journey. Thanks a lot.
