Speaker A: Guys, welcome to debrief after our episode with Pac Man. David's got 15 minutes, and then he's going to go do something cool.
Speaker B: You're going to just hint at it. Jesus.
Speaker A: It's really cool.
Speaker B: We'll talk about that later. You can ask me inside of the bankless discord.
Speaker A: All right. Okay, 15 minutes. What do you want to say?
Speaker B: So there are a bunch of startups that I've been talking to in the space. The shift towards yield bearing layer twos is, I think, underway. This is a John Charbonneau take. And this is also, like, there's lessons to be pulled out of the cosmos ecosystem as well, where just like, they kind of think that staking generally, as soon as you introduce, like, a liquid staking token, like, staked Eth from Lido, then, like, why won't every single Eth be staked, like, in the fullness of time? And I mean, like, that's Hasu's argument.
Speaker A: Yeah, this is either episode we did many days ago.
Speaker B: And, like, the reason why that's not true is just because of, just like, I. Serendipitous circumstances about like, time and space, as in, just like, yeah, things happen.
Speaker A: What do you mean the reason why? What's not true?
Speaker B: Why. Why alt ETH isn't staked Eth? Just because, like, well, there's, like, there's ethn Aave, there's Ethan uniswap. A lot of contracts haven't ported over. Just like, there's a bunch of those reasons as to, like, friction that made that true. Eigen Lair is pushing towards this inevitable outcome where all Eth becomes staked lit. Now, blast is also definitely doing that. And if the blast thesis works, then it's going to force the hand of other layer twos who will also have to have native staking. And so generally it's been assumed that, like, all Eth does eventually become staked. And blast is like one of the very big examples that we have data points that we have, like, pushing towards this outcome. And then there's also, like, startups that exist inside of the layer one defi space that also want to be like the service provider to native yield for layer two s. And so, like, oh, like you want to do the blast strategy, just hook into us, and then we will get all the yield from ETH, staking from lrts, from Eigen layer from AVsse, from wherever, and then we will hook that yield into your layer two. So now there's startups being built around this, and so this is all under the theme of like ETH moving on to layer twos, ETH becoming highly productive, yield permeating across all of Ethereum. I think it's pretty cool and it does kind of show that we are just still very early in the long arc that is the Ethereum financial system. It's pretty cool to watch.
Speaker A: Yeah, I guess a few implications of this one. I didn't realize that they had the ability to swap out their LST from Lido so easily. So it's a huge source of the criticism that Lido is already centralized and blast is launching. You're just giving them even more, um, by the way, I'm just you know, like um, broad stroking this, this uh, but like Lido has too much eth staked. It's you know, getting above one third. Uh, we're concerned about that. And now here's this. Layer two launching is based on Lida. Well they have the ability to just replace Lido with something else at any point in time.
Speaker B: In fact not just replace, it's a Lido and like rocket pool.
Speaker A: They could do a portfolio if they want. They could launch their own liquid staking token as well, which I would be.
Speaker B: A fan of actually. I mean that's what Mantle is doing.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean it could be very interesting. Anyway, it's something I didn't see as a, I think this is a good thing, what I'm trying to say, because this is another market force. There's new players entered the chat and basically um, you know, has the ability to decentralize some of the monopoly power, power that some of these um, LRT's or liquid staking tokens rather have that like, like Lido, which is a good thing, I would say. But this is also putting a lot of pressure on all of the native eth to go stake like, and so I don't know what the, you know, protocol researchers, protocol devs ideally don't want eth stake.
Speaker B: They don't above a certain number stake rates. Yeah. Once you start having like beyond down to 80%, 90% of your e staked, then all of a sudden you get like a tail wagging. The dog effect of transaction fees start to becoming actually the larger incentive than consensus rewards.
Speaker A: And what are we now? We're like 30% or something like this.
Speaker B: 30%, yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: So I mean, but there's so many market forces. You get restaking, you get layer twos that I kind of incentivize.
Speaker B: 25%, 26%, 26%.
Speaker A: So we still got a ways to go. But I mean we're going to be, there's a lot of pressure on ether itself to become staked and become yield barrier.
Speaker B: There's actually no fundamental constraint on the limit of eth staked. In fact, there's only more reasons to stake your eth. There's not less.
Speaker A: Right. And so that's something that I think the protocol is going to have to contend with. Are they going to be okay living in that world or are they going to put some sort of like cap on top, some sort of negative interest rate? This is just more pressure on top.
Speaker B: No, this has been a big conversation going around in the Ethereum space. I always, in my mind, actually, can I actually just ask you this question?
Speaker A: Sure.
Speaker B: Uh, when we move to the proof of stake Ethereum, the merge, we changed the monetary policy of eTh. It was like we, we've changed it before. Uh, during proof of work, it was five ether per block issued, three ether per block issue, two or three ether per block issued. Then we did EIP 1559, then we did the merge. Those were all of the changes to the theory of monetary policy. In my mind, I thought once we went to the merge, there would at least be one more change to the Ethereum monetary policy because we didn't have that conversation about what is the good monetary policy post merge because we didn't know, because we needed the data. So in my mind, I'm all, I've always been like, we're going to get to the merge and then we're going to do one more because we're going to collect data post merge and we're going to need to change the monetary policy ethereum. One last time, what are your thoughts?
Speaker A: Did you prepared for one more possibility, even like two more possibilities, but like in keeping with the framework, which is minimum viable issuance, so not inflating and cutting out to some protocol research group or to give to the devs or to give to governance, but some sort of minimum viable, minimum necessary issuance type of change just to get the yield curve correct. I had also mentally put in brain space that it could go negative, uh, at some point in time. Right. It's a yield curve, right. And so, you know, like curves can go in the, you know, like the negative direction. Uh, and they should, uh, if you're, if you're trying to incent something less than 100%, uh, eth stake, which they clearly are, and, and so you're like, I had mentally kind of, you know, signed up for that, but I think that, um, you know, bitcoin, Eric Connor's.
Speaker B: On the other side of things where he's like, don't touch it ever again. But Eric Connor is a boomer who's behind the times.
Speaker A: Well, I don't know. I mean, I could see the case for not touching it as well. Or just like, making sure you gather enough data. Like, basically the changes should get smaller and smaller and smaller.
Speaker B: The two alternative supply curves that have been proposed are both under the constraint of MVI. One is more aggressive, even less issuance, and the other one is less aggressive.
Speaker A: MVI, minimum viability, issuance, the social contract. Yeah, yeah. This will be a discussion. I think it's just interesting to observe that more pressure on this one. Other observation from this conversation is, I feel like the crypto immune system maybe, or at least my media sources on this project, or my information sources on this project got a lot of things wrong.
Speaker B: Well, okay, so one of the big criticisms was they took in eth deposits into a one way multisig without actually building the layer two. And those were some of the criticisms. And those are valid criticisms you can contest as to the cutting in the corners of the go to market strategy, but it did work, and no one lost any eth.
Speaker A: But people have the option in whether to put their EtH in this thing, too. There wasn't any.
Speaker B: It's a little bit of the tragedy of the commons of you kind of force the hand of other people to also cut corners when you cut corners and you. Yeah. So that was criticism that I thought was valid.
Speaker A: Do you think they were playing too fast and loose? Do you think they were moving too fast and breaking things, or they got away with it? What do you mean they got away with it?
Speaker B: They built the chain and they didn't lose anyone's Eth.
Speaker A: Yeah. They weren't Schrodinger scam or.
Speaker B: They were Schrodinger. And now we opened up the box and we looked in.
Speaker A: Seems better. Seems better.
Speaker B: Everything's fine. The cat is still alive in the.
Speaker A: Box, by the way, with the recent Ethereum hard fork. Thank you. They went down for a while, right? I saw this.
Speaker B: Yeah, they stopped producing blocks. I think they just weren't ready for the upgrade.
Speaker A: They were just weren't ready. I think that, like, they. I mean, it's a newer chain, they have a smaller team. What was your thought on his comment at the end? That we're not planning to join the super chain? What do you think about the whole super chain thesis? Right. It's like, it feels like it's so much social alignment and like, I don't know if game, theoretically that works unless you're dealing with, like, it's literally called the optimism collective.
Speaker B: Right. It works with, like, it is a social thing.
Speaker A: Yeah. But you can't cohere things together, you know, socially, can you? Like, you can cohere some things together.
Speaker B: But, like, what is a union?
Speaker A: Well, there has to be some sort of economic union, I would say. Right. And so something I get from the transaction, and, you know, he talked about, why would China join Europe? China's just going to compete with Europe. Why would blast join the super chain? Blast is just going to fork op stack, right?
Speaker B: Yeah. When blast is going to have, like, if, if the super chain is like the rest of the 49 states and blast is California, then they're going to have a hard time being convinced to join the super chain. The benefits of joining the super chain is like, you will get shared cross chain execution. Uh, and one big, uh, abstracted, it's going to. The super chain is one chain, and that is the vision for it. Uh, they have plans on, on how to actually enjoining.
Speaker A: At least he seemed more interested in.
Speaker B: He seems very interested in blast and building blasts and, like, figuring out later mantle for what it's worth. Also, a very big chain originally was like, why would we join the super chain? And then as time has progressed, they're like, I'll join the super chain. Because the super chain is, they're thinking about it. The super chain is something there where the incentives of joining the super chain grow commensurately to how large the super chain is. And so when there is more.
Speaker A: You mean it's just interoperability, shared liquidity, incentives.
Speaker B: Exactly. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. It's just like, yeah, the trade between alike super chains. Like, if you are in the super chain, the cost of trade between other super chains are on the floor. Basically.
Speaker A: I get the feeling from Pac man that he'll join when it's in the rational economic self interest of blast to join and not before you think that there might be a compelling rational self interest.
Speaker B: Yeah. And if there's not now for the super chain, because the super chain is still in its infancy, there will be later, because the super chain is this open source peloton. And the more people joining the peloton, then the larger and more efficient the peloton becomes. Peloton is the line of bikers that bike very, very close to each other, and they all kind of drag upon each other. It's the natural effects of open source code. And things can lobby to join in the super chain that aren't technical components of the super chain, like Eigen Da, for example, not a part of the super chain. So if you're an op stack chain that uses Eigen da, you can't do it. Until the optimism collective says that, hey, we can support technical integrations with Eigen da, and here's how we do it. And now we can open up what it means to be part of the super chain to optimism. OPSAC chains that use Eigen da. And now they can be a part of the super chain. So it's both a social and a technical integration.
Speaker A: You know, the other thing that, um, struck me in this episode was actually, um, a yield. I. So I thought yield bearing l two was kind of gimmicky. When I first heard it, it was just like, oh my God, you're just adding like one bell and whistle and you're launching an entire chain that's going to have a mega token, uh, event for you, make you rich, and you're using shortcut marketing. That that's, that's the way this seemed on, on, uh, on the surface to me. And maybe there's still elements of that for some people as they listen to this episode. And I don't completely dismiss that, right. Some of these l two s are opportunistic. But I think I, going into this episode, discounted how profound it is to actually have a yield bearing ether at, at the base layer, even a yield bearing stable coin, because, because it seems like it's just such a simple tweak, but it actually can change the entire business model of all of the apps built on top. And the thing that sunk most deeply for me is like, take Uniswap has all of this ETH TVL, none of its yielding. What if the Uniswap protocol just took some bips on all the TVL of ether they have locked? If it was like, staked ether instead, and they took that yield, that would be an incredible positive, cash flowing asset.
Speaker B: It would be bigger than the fee switch.
Speaker A: It would be way bigger. Wouldn't that be great? And it's transparent in the background. He's very right about this psychology of, like, when you're getting not just the.
Speaker B: ETH and Uniswap, it's also the USDC which would die. It's also the other side of the equation.
Speaker A: Yeah. And so you can pay for Dapps basically with a new model. And it was, it's a small, subtle switch. But he's right. Ethereum mainnet will never provide for that.
Speaker B: I do really enjoy the fact that there are. All of the apps on blast are, like, brand new startups. Like, it opened up fertile ground for a bunch of new founders with a bunch of new dapps building new things.
Speaker A: That surprised me because I thought it was a gimmick, and it seems like it's more profound. It's deeper than just kind of a gimmick.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's right.
Speaker A: It's actually pretty smart.
Speaker B: Okay, guys, I got to go punch a punching bag.
Speaker A: There's your hint. There's your alpha. Spend the debris.
Speaker B: See you guys. Bye.
