Speaker A: Hey, guys, welcome to the debrief after our episode with Mike from Blockworks Research. David, that was kind of a cool episode.
Speaker B: I really like that.
Speaker A: Yeah. What were your thoughts?
Speaker B: What are my thoughts? Yes. So Vitalik publishes very early blog posts. It was like minimum viable expressivity or something like this. Do you remember what I'm talking about? It was something about being turing completeness, being turing complete. And this was back in the very early days of blockchains, where he basically said that you only need a very small amount of expressivity, something, oh, expressivity, escape velocity. And the claim was that you only need a very small amount of expressivity in order to see the full spectrum of everything, being able to be plugged into Ethereum. And that has always resonated to me as like the ethereum version of what bitcoiners would always say, as in, if it's useful, it'll eventually just become built on bitcoin. And they would just chant this over and over and over again. And for a while, Ethereum never really had any evidence to fight that, but neither did the bitcoiners, but didn't really matter because it was all narrative. But then Ethereum, like I remember loom network, which was EOS, become a layer two on Ethereum. Zcash, which is adztec or tornado cash, became applications on Ethereum. We started to have more and more evidence of, like anything that's valuable will ultimately get built onto Ethereum. And so that's where a lot of my early thinking about blockchains came to be, which is that, well, if you have a certain amount of expressivity, anything of value can get plugged in. The bitcoiners were right about that. You just actually need a foundation that allows for innovations to become expressed. And I'm seeing Ethereum absorb all good innovations, either getting merged into the layer one or becoming an application on the layer two. And that's when like, quote unquote, my Ethereum maximalism sets in. Because my attitude is like, well, so long as Ethereum development remains open and interested and accepting of new innovations, then Ethereum will just meaningfully absorb all innovations. And so this is what I have seen playing out. We have the Cosmos roll app vision. Maybe we have some of the Solana stuff in that we can have some layer twos with paralyzed execution. And that's the claim there. That idea is that eventually anything that is produced of value will ultimately just be absorbed by the, the largest layer one. And so hearing Mike, who I would call him, brutally chain agnostic, he just cares about innovation. And so he's picked these three domains to optimize his attention for Cosmos Stallon, ethereum. Hearing Mike agree with that take that eventually all chains want to absorb the properties and features of all the other ones. Makes me feel validated, obviously, but just that in that you need to pick your chain, which is going to absorb the innovations the best. These are all my thoughts, but just like, hearing that take being validated by a non Ethereum person, I think is useful.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think so. I guess one thing I was thinking going to this episode is Mike provides a pretty coherent summation aggregation of the outside of bankless thesis. So the bankless thesis, I would say. I personally started to develop this in 2018, 2019 when we met. And it was like we had these three experiments playing out already. So we had cosmos. I was part of that ecosystem, early validator. I was doing that saw eos. That was kind of the Solana take.
Speaker B: Solana precursor. Yeah.
Speaker A: And then saw bitcoin and ethereum. And during that time, I was really trying to figure out, okay, where's value accrual? Like, what's going to happen? How is this all going to play out? And that's the genesis of some of these ideas. Okay, like, a monetary unit will actually be the base for layer two. And bitcoiners are right. It's actually about settlement assurances. Economic settlement assurances, and transactions per second don't matter. But the bitcoiners are wrong because you need expressivity and you need to actually scale kind of the base layer and trustless transactions per second. So in piecing all of this together, I feel like I went through that journey in, like, 2018, 2017, developed it in 2020, and now here we are in 2023. And I feel like a lot of the bankless thesis predictions have played out fairly well. Right? And now, what's interesting about Mike and what's refreshing about him is I feel like he's like, in some ways, a forked version of you, right? So he's kind of like a researcher looking the frontiers. And I have mostly stopped paying as much attention to, like, say, cosmos or say, Solana. Why? Because you only have a certain amount of hours in the day, and you want to invest both youre assets and your money and your time in things that will yield the greatest results for you. And so I have kind of not kept up with those chains as much, even though we remain open to them. I mean, so there's this idea of maximalism that is just like, I think a bitcoiner idea of maximalism which is you are completely toxic and close minded to any alternative opinion. And that is like, the worst possible position an investor can put themselves in. Like, that's why I've never ascribed the term ethereum maximalist for myself. Anyway, I know you say it in kind of a joking way of like, I'm a big fan, you know, like, you mean a maximalist by that. Anyway, so we've always been open to these alternatives, and now here Mike is, he has been on the frontier. There have been a lot of new developments since 2018 and 2019, and it's kind of a good episode to see if, like, the foundational bankless thesis, how well it holds up and if anything about these developments and these innovations shakes that thesis. And so that's why I really enjoyed about this, this conversation. I gotta say, though, I'm also walking away from it. And I'm like, all right, like, I know, like, I've heard this before. I've thought, I've gone down this idea maze before, and I'm very comfy in kind of the investments that I'm making right now. And I'm also very comfy with kind of, like, the value accrual of those investments. And I'm very comfy with the spiritual alignment of these investments as well. And so nothing that Mike said really kind of shook me from that. So I'm like, there's definitely some refinements of the bankless thesis, and it's evolved over time. It needs to be continually opening, open to evolution. But I'm not hearing a path where cosmos takes over the world and starts to accrue more value and beats, like, ethereum layer twos. And I'm not hearing a path that convinces me that the monolithic approach that Solana is taking is going to outcompete the modular approach that I see in Ethereum. I mean, Polenia, I think that whole rabbit hole we went down two years ago sort of, that holds up very well to me. So I'm hearing these arguments, but not shaken by them. And I'm wondering if, like, oh, is that, you know, you always have to question yourself. Is that back bias? Is that because I'm too invested, both, like, spiritually and financially, into my existing strategy? And that's why I enjoy episodes like this, to hear kind of the back and forth. So there's some things for me to think about, but nothing that was very, like, moving like that moved my opinion in a big way. I don't know. How was it for you? Is there anything there that really resonated with you, and you're like, you know what? I got to think about that more.
Speaker B: I think the main difference, and this itself, is another conversation to have with Mike, or someone like Mike who thinks like Mike, is that Mike is talking about things like, okay, Cosmos's app chains. Cosmos is way ahead on Ethereum, on match chain. So Cosmos scores the point there. Solana way ahead on parallel execution and execution optimization. So point to Solana there. Ethereum gets the point for decentralization. And so maybe we can score some points and spread out some points here and there, and then maybe weigh some things to see who's in the lead. But I think what people who approach these technical innovations and try to weigh the merits of these technical innovations, they might make the mistake of only giving one point to the fact that ether has produced the money. And I think the fact that ether having has produced the money is worth, like, ten points. It's worth a lot of points. Things. One of the reasons why Ethereum is aggregating technologies is because of the gravitational pull of ether, the asset, and the ether, the money, and ether, the unit of account, and ether, the liquidity ether, the network effects. And so we can sure, Solana score some points, cosmos scores some points. But soul doesn't want to be money, and Adams definitely is not money. And becoming money is real hard. And so, yeah, we get to everyone score some points. We can tally them all up. But, man, if you don't have points in your money skill tree, like, ooh, few are so far behind.
Speaker A: It's your money skill tree for me. It's also your kind of decentralization tree. Like, those, to me, are the two things that are actually hardest, and they're interrelated. They're very much related. And that's the thing that bitcoiners got right. And so that's like the. Yeah, that's the almost the impossible thing. Like, all the other stuff is sort of like stuff that I feel like can be absorbed, but that's kind of the. I'm just start to call, you know, think they talk like a bitcoiner, but that's the immaculate, like, piece of this. Now.
Speaker B: It's the social consensus piece.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's this. It's the social consensus piece. I'll give you an example. So I was a validator in Cosmos in the early days, 2018. And I've said this before, and it's like even micro decisions such as cosmos had token weighted voting at the very beginning in terms of its kind of roadmap and decision making, similar to tezos Solana doesn't necessarily have this, but it's like a dao, basically, token weighted dao. So those with the most capital get to kind of make the decisions. In the Cosmos governance layer, this was like for the atom cosmos chain, and it kind of sucked. David, it was just like, I was like, oh, my vote doesn't matter. The whales will win. And so, of course, the distribution of atom tokens was fairly small. I mean, all networks are at the very early stages, but when you attach governance voting to that, it just, you start to kind of erode the ability for that network to ever become a monetary unit, I think. Right, versus the choices that bitcoin and ethereum have kind of taken. It's stuff like that, or the decision, like, obviously they needed to make this decision. 100, 125 validators. There was just all sorts of, in the early days of Cosmos, all of these kind of insider games where you'd be like a employee of tendermint or the entertained foundation. Next thing you know, you're starting a validator company and you know, all of the big atom holders and so obviously.
Speaker B: They'Re going to delegate to you begetted insiders.
Speaker A: Yeah, I just looked at, and honestly, that's why I left. I was just like, oh, this ain't it. This isn't kind of the decentralization. I was more attracted to bitcoin and ethereum as a result of that. But it's decisions like that. I wasn't involved in the early days of kind of Solana. So I can't comment in as much detail, but I think there's something to what you were kind of saying that Mike seemed to reject is just like the way you start is kind of important. And there are some protocol decisions. I mean, the decision for Solana to not have a solo validator opt out. Like, to me, that kind of like they're smart to not to play the money game because I almost think that's close to a disqualifier for becoming a base layer monetary asset. I mean, if people can't solo stake, if you don't have the ability to run a node on consumer grade hardware, right, like, how can you possibly be a monetary unit like a, like a.
Speaker B: Gold, for example, the Internet bond market that mike so, like, quickly resonated with. Yes, he's not connecting to, like, ether. The cash in your hand with the strongest settlement insurances is equivalent. The power of that needs to be equivalent. When we also have the bond market on your computer, in your home, like, you are also the bond market the settlement assurances also go. So you own the bond market because it runs through your house. And that is a social legitimacy thing that I don't like. The social consensus and social legitimacy thing, I don't see cosmos or Solana. Like, that's not even, like, on their radar. They don't have, like, the gene to evaluate that aspect of what makes crypto tick.
Speaker A: I mean, yeah, at a certain valuation, though, it's like, I would definitely buy soul tokens. You know, I would also consider maybe atoms, but, like, so that's another factor in this. I think at the time of recording, this would be actually interesting. I think Sol tokens are like, what? You know, Solana, the ecosystem is like 12 billion fully diluted valuation. And then you look at some other layer, two networks. Like, polygon is about six. Optimism, the op, like, is about another six. Arbitrum is about 10 billion. I don't know if that's cheap enough for me relative to these other networks, but you do have to say this for salon, at least it has a different approach and does occupy some space in this totalitarian space in this design. Yeah. The what?
Speaker B: Totalitarian space.
Speaker A: Why do you say that?
Speaker B: I think that's the first time I've said that on the podcast.
Speaker A: Yeah, why do you say that?
Speaker B: Okay, so I'll start from the beginning that we've had this conversation before, but not recorded. So you have not read the book wrinkle in time?
Speaker A: No, I've seen the movie. I watched the movie.
Speaker B: Oh, you've seen the movie. Okay, so you know the scene. There's this scene. This is a children's book. So it's a little bit late for any listener to, like, pick it up now. But it's a great children's book. There's a scene, it was written, I think, in the sixties or seventies as basically anti communist, anti totalitarian propaganda. So we have these kids with their scientist father who's been abducted in the strange land that they have to go rescue. And so it's a Sci-Fi magic book with like. Yes, like interplanetary time travel that's also from magic. Anyways, and so they get transported to this new strange land where they have to go save their scientist father, who's abducted, and they get dropped into this new planet. And there is like, this row of houses that they're all the same, and there's these kids that are playing with balls out in front of the houses, and the kids are bouncing the balls all at the same time. And it's weird and eerie and synchronized. And then the moms all come out of the houses, and they clap their hands and say, kids, time for dinner. And then the kids grab the balls all the same time, and then turn in. But then, like, one of the moms sees the three kids, the three protagonist kids, or the two protagonist kids, and they're like, they're not alike to us. It's anti communist. It's anti totalitarian propaganda. Anyways, Solana, single shared state of Solana. No layer twos, one monolithic chain. And you must exist inside of these boundaries, and you must be in that same shared state. Now, you compare that with cosmos, which is like, yeah, fuck it. Spin up an app chain, run at your own block. Invalidate is complete anarchy, right? And so you have anarchy on one side, totalitarianism on the other side. And these are terrible connotations that. What did Mike say? Like, all metaphors break down. These metaphors break down very, very quickly. Solana has nothing to do with totalitarianism. It only has to do with total synchrony of the state, which is what totalitarianism is.
Speaker A: Yeah. It's all homogeneous.
Speaker B: It's all. Exactly. Yes. And then ethereum is like this nice balance between the two where, like, well, you need the shared consensus of the layer one to enforce certain values, values of decentralization, values of openness and permissionlessness, freedom to be part of the bond market, freedom to validate the transactions and just capturing the minimum amount of necessary coercion of the protocol. And then letting the cosmos, anarchy, blossom on top of that. The free market blossom on top of that. To me is the nice harmony between these two, the tension that is met in the middle between these two visions. So what do we enforce on the ethereum layer one? Anyone can run a validator. Anyone can be a part of the bond market. You have to enforce the rules. But then these rules are really just about ether, the asset and processing blocks and transactions making the network tick. Everything else is left to the free market on the layer two s. And that is. And that is accepted by people sufficiently enough to the point where people accept that the asset in question, ether, is good and money and liquidity. And so it is totalitarian control on the beacon chain. But the beacon chain is minimized so that the layer twos are expressive.
Speaker A: It balances the centralization and the anarchy inside of the kind of this narrow scope. And, you know, allows for coordination, but also freedom and finds kind of the right balance between the two, right?
Speaker B: Exactly. Yeah. We coordinate around the money, we coordinate around the network, and then everything else.
Speaker A: I mean, Salona people are like, you just called us totalitarian. I did. But also this.
Speaker B: A lot of people don't listen to the debrief.
Speaker A: Are you sure? No, actually, I mean, I definitely see elements of that analogy. Let me ask you kind of two questions, because I think there are still some chinks in the armor here for Ethereum. So one is this pragmatism that ethereum seems to have, right? So I feel like Ethereum constantly gets trapped by some sort of thing that is going to kill and centralize Ethereum, right? It's like Mev, or it's like stable coins, or it's like, now it's like Lido, centralizing all the stake and all of these things. And the Ethereum protocol researchers seem like they're always trying to play one step ahead, and they're trying to like, okay, let's reform the protocol to add this. And the way the Ethereum protocol kind of adds things is it can draw upon the powers of cryptography. When we make these massive step function breakthroughs, like zero knowledge cryptography. That's huge. The newest, it seems like cryptography breakthrough, per Justin Drake, is this idea of single slot signatures. Is that what he calls them? And that's like Sci-Fi stuff. But that might be our next kind of get out of jail free card. So we solve it through cryptography, or we solve it through crypto economics. Like, oh, let's just take the mev produced and rather than distribute it to winners, we burn it. We burn it. And that's our way around it. Oh, this mempool thing, which is causing centralization vectors. Let's encrypt it. So we keep modifying the protocol and just staying one step ahead of the ugly moloch traps. Right? And I think Mike called this the free hand of the market. Right? And so there is this question and maybe these articles of faith here. There's this question as to, can Ethereum actually stay one step ahead? Or will it all just collapse into something that ends up looking like Cosmos or Solana anyway, right, right, where Solana.
Speaker B: Cosmos have already optimized for.
Speaker A: And so people like Mike are saying, like, it's all going to collapse back to Cosmos and Solana. So you may want to just compromise and forget this charade of solo stakers. We know that only one to 5% of Ethereum validators are actually solo staking. Drop the facade. Let's get a little pragmatic. Here's how it's going to happen. It's going to all end up in data centers anyway. And Solana's just shortcutting the path to that started in data centers, you know what I mean? I think that is a chink in the arm. And how would you respond to that? Do you think our protocol researchers, do you think our cryptography, do you think we can stay actually one step ahead to keep Ethereum decentralized? Or do you think it sort of collapses to what they're talking about?
Speaker B: Anyway, I think the way that I interpret that part of the conversation is that think of it as set of concentric circles that expand outwards, and Moloch manifests on the periphery. And the center of the circle is innovations that Ethereum has had that it's locked in and feels good and that we no longer have to focus on. So, at the center of Ethereum is the beacon chain and eth staking. And then the next layer out is the application layer, like solidity in the EVM. And then the next layer out are layer two s, and then also simultaneously now, in a new layer out are like the mempool and proposer builder separation. And so, like Ethereum, as an organism expands, and the way that DNA works, the way that nature and organisms work, DNA is so stupidly simple. There's only like four different combinations of things. And all of a sudden, we have the expression of life as we know it. And it gets more. The way that organisms grow is that they get more and more complex layers and layers out. And so when the EF has charged with this job of being one step ahead of Moloch, I see like Ethereum as the protocol growing like one concentric circle at a time. And Moloch tries to poke in all these different weaknesses, all these different areas. And then the efreetras is like, okay, let's plug that hole with this cool little mechanism design. Oh, we got some cryptography there. Oh, we got some crypto economics to plug this hole. And then all of a sudden, that next most vulnerable circle of Ethereum is solid. And then on Moloch has to retreat, and then it has to poke in at different, another, further out layer of Ethereum, and it starts to get real complex as you go out. And so far, the EF has been able to manage that complexity. Eventually, they will fail. Eventually, the EF will disappear because they want to. Eventually, all of this will succumb to market forces, like Mike is totally saying. But the idea is that we control the complexity on the way out and build a stable foundation using crypto and cryptography and crypto economics that produce a very stable foundation. And then, hopefully, we take this as far as possible. And at some point, the outermost layers of ethereum collapse towards a solana or a cosmos. But the longer we can prevent that, the more we can walk between the middle of chaos and order. Chaos being cosmos, order being Solana, because you are trying to bisect that difference for as long as possible.
Speaker A: I mean, that resonates with me. Right. And I think it's certainly worth the attempt. I mean, the other question around this, maybe the other, I guess, chink in the armor mike's point that it would be a better world if we have many different experiments going on at the same time. So he said, I'm an american. I'm an american patriot, whatever. But I'm very glad there are other countries. It's not just kind of America. So this the idea that it's worthwhile kind of pursuing all of these experiments, I think both of us would agree with that. Right. Let's let the free market kind of dictate and figure out where all these experiments go. It's all in that accretive, and I'm very thankful that we have the cosmos ecosystem building away and the Solana ecosystem building away. I don't think that these are communities full of scammers that are toxic to the space. I think they're doing fantastic work, and I'm kind of cheering them on. But the question is, as an investor, what are you like, what are you betting on? Because you're actually asked in crypto to make decisions in terms of allocation of your capital, at least if you want to win in this game, that's what you do. And so in order to do that, you have to. It can't be just the world as you want it be. Great if we had all of these ecosystems. They were all competing forever. It also has to be like the world of natural selection. Right? And that's why I went to this analogy of homo sapiens dominating all of the other forms of hominids and kind of, like, absorbing them into their kind of DNA pool. Now, there's one network winner, and it's called homo sapiens. There's just one species that kind of dominates the earth. Right? And I guess, where am I going with this? I would not want to compete if I was a Solana app chain against, like, an Ethereum super chain. And the reason I wouldn't want to is because economically, it's infeasible. I have to bootstrap all of my validators. Right? That costs money. I have to pay for all of it myself, that costs money as well. And I don't get any network effects. I think right now, in this part of the market, there are a lot of cosmos chains, and you and I are talking to some of them on the bank's venture side that are just like, oh yeah, we made a mistake. We're coming back to an Ethereum roll up, an Ethereum app chain. So there's that. And then I look at Solana. There's also an inevitability here of Ethereum is experimenting on so many planes at once. So it's not only doing this money thing, it's also like it's got massively vc funded layer two ecosystems that are also building more into the EVM. And like the Ethereum roadmap as well. And that is like, just, man, that is hard to compete against. And meanwhile, Solana is trying to sell its block space and it's unprofitable right now. It's funded by token issuance, right? And you're competing against an execution layer in a roll up that's basically, it's not free, but it's pretty much free, you know what I mean? Because all you have to pay for is a little bit of ethereum security, and then you get the benefits of a roll up. You don't have to pay millions of dollars a day for Solana validation. And so what I'm just saying is that's really freaking hard to compete against. And that's another layer of analysis. I think just because these technical solutions exist doesn't necessarily mean they're all economically feasible. And that, you know, I don't know, that's kind of a pushback I would have about Mike's thesis here.
Speaker B: So the actual respective ecosystems aside, like Solana Cosmos, we can forget about them, their names, for a second. So say Ethereum is on one point of the triangle. What would the ratio of the market cap? For an alternative attempt at Ethereum, what would that market cap need to be? What's the ratio? If we're going to have another valid attempt as to trying to complete the trilemma, like cosmos and Solana are one in 100, if the ratio of the market cap of Ethereum and this new upstarting ecosystem is one 100th the market cap of Ethereum, would you take the bet? One 50th, one 200th, one 10th? What's, what's the ratio that comes to mind for another valid attempt that's not Ethereum. To complete the trilemma?
Speaker A: I think you. I didn't get all that because you paused for a minute. I think your Internet connection was down for a second. But I think what you're asking for is like, what's the kind of the power law win for Ethereum versus everything else? Maybe something like this. No.
Speaker B: What is the. So there's three points on the triangle. Ethereum is one of them. There's two other points on the triangle that are attempts to be completing the triangle, just like Ethereum is Ethereum. You and I accept as being ahead. But for another point on the triangle, another valid attempt at completing the triangle. That's not Ethereum. So it's a risk. What market cap would that thing need to be for you to be compelled to sell some ether for this, to have exposure to this new valid attempt at completing the triangle?
Speaker A: I don't know exactly. It's kind of facts and circumstances, I would say. For me, there's not a Cosmos app chain that can compete here, not when you have roll ups. Solana is kind of an attempt at this. But I guess the way I see this could play out. Like, my mind right now is it's, it's 80% to 90% value, market cap value in terms of block space sales in Ethereum and Ethereum layer twos. And there's maybe room for 20% ten and 20% for non Ethereum.
Speaker B: This also contains the possibility that Ethereum gets out competed and out executed. And so ethereum actually is smaller of the chains. So that is a possibility in this scenario. What I'm trying to articulate.
Speaker A: Yeah. Like ethereum being. Yeah, yeah. Out executed, out competing. I don't know what. How would you answer your own question?
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm glad you asked. I think, like, you need to. It would have to be like a hundred times smaller of a market cap for that. For me, that's hard to consider this rational. So, like the, like, if we talk about that. No, it's not. Compared to Ethereum, it's 120 5th.
Speaker A: It's 125.
Speaker B: I just did the math.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So, like, I need Solana to be four times as cheap, one fourth as expensive, in order for me to start to be like, okay, this is now a rational bet. I don't think Solana is going to win, but now this valuation is okay. Yeah, but Solana is 120 fifth of Ethereum. I'm going to, I'm going to need something to be like one 100th. So like, just like if you approached me and said, hey, we're going to re, we're going to redo Ethereum, but we're going to beat it and then. And then you also have a similar level of maturity and network effects that either cosmos or Solana does. I'd be like, yeah, okay. I need you to be like, one 100th of the valuation for me to invest.
Speaker A: Why is that?
Speaker B: Because that's. I give Ethereum a 99 to one odds versus Cosmos and Solana to win. Yeah.
Speaker A: And when you say ethereum, are you saying mainnet plus layer two ecosystems that combined?
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. Like, the cool thing about the Ethereum, layer two landscape is like, layer twos are allowed to come and go, but the layer two landscape will stay there. So, like, Ethereum isn't beholden to any particular layer two.
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, it's interesting because maybe some things could change this in the future, too. I just. I still haven't figured out what this whole sovereign, like, roll up thing is, actually.
Speaker B: Yeah. It might stay as a question mark box. It might just stay there.
Speaker A: Merge mining.
Speaker B: Yeah, merge mining was actually real. It is real.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: It just never didn't do anything.
Speaker A: Yeah. I also don't know.
Speaker B: Rebasing tokens were real for a moment.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's true. God. Ample forth. There's also, I don't know how all of the off chain transaction stuff with intents is going to shape out and change the landscape. I haven't fully processed what that means to what else? I also, to be honest, am not fully up to date on everything that's going on in the Solana ecosystem either. Right. There could be some magic there that happens. There could also be.
Speaker B: I think we kind of hit the nail on the head on this one. I mean, this is my bias. But you were like, to Mike, why does Solana have a monopoly over Moore's law, not anyone else? And Solana's like, oh, yeah, that's right. They don't. But what ethereum does have is the monopoly on academic research of cryptography. And by the way, we exist in the industry of cryptocurrency. Let's not forget about that.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's what, that's what I think the unlock here is. The whole thing is people think we're trying to scale regular computer, so they're harkening back to Moore's law. Moore's law doesn't like, you have no power here. Moore's law, you do something.
Speaker B: Moore's law is dumb. I thought Moore's law is broken anyways. I thought we're at the end of it.
Speaker A: Just scaling with compute and bandwidth. That's not what we do here.
Speaker B: That's some web two shit.
Speaker A: What we're doing here is crypto economics. That's the thing we're doing here. And there's the crypto part of that, which is the new cryptography breakthroughs. And the only reason Ethereum has actually been able to scale is crypto economic breakthroughs, one represented through optimistic roll ups. That's a crypto economic breakthrough. This idea. Oh, we could do fraud proofs. And if you do a delay, then we can basically have a trustless bridge kind of guarantee. And then also ZC roll ups. Right. Which is, again, a cryptography breakthrough. That is the innovation on this whole computer thing that we're creating.
Speaker B: It's crypto Thanksgiving cryptography.
Speaker A: It's not Moore's law. Or at least Moore's law is in the background and benefits all networks equally. So, yeah, the Moore's law thing doesn't. Yeah, it doesn't. It doesn't make sense to me. But anyway, what else?
Speaker B: Moore's law. You're just saying words that people haven't said before because.
Speaker A: Well, maybe somebody can explain this to me a little bit better. Like, look, I mean, we could just be, like.
Speaker B: Did a pretty good job. I really did a great job.
Speaker A: He did a great job. Anything else here?
Speaker B: I think I'm good. That's great episode. I enjoyed it.
Speaker A: All right, guys, this has been the debrief. Thanks a lot.
