Speaker A: Hey, guys, welcome to debrief. After our episode with Hasu on the question of Lido, he came to defend Leido, I would say, but I think he defended it in a pretty neutral way, like he used ration and arguments rather than emotion. Yeah, he used reason, which is kind of nice. These are the types of conversations, by the way, you don't get usually on Twitter, you don't get kind of the nuance.
Speaker B: 90 minutes.
Speaker A: Yeah. So I guess, what are some of your thoughts coming to this debrief? David?
Speaker B: Yeah, first, maybe I'll throw it back at you. Has your opinion changed about widow since having just this conversation just now?
Speaker A: Yes. I won't say I had a strong opinion, though. I was very open to the future of Lido. So I'm not one of, I think you called some Ethereum kind of ogs.
Speaker B: You said that they were misaligned.
Speaker A: Lido misaligned. I think that's part of definitely a vocal section of the Ethereum Og community. Let's say for myself in particular, I wasn't feeling that way. In fact, I saw a little bit of anti pragmatism. I don't know what the word is among Ethereum, decentralization maximalists, of which I would consider myself a decentralized maximalist. But I want to be a pragmatic, decentralized maximalist. The question of how do you go against the market share of Lido? The answer to me pragmatically is you build a better alternative. And I felt like it was a bit short sighted, but also a bit impotent for ethereum community members to kind of like take the posture of do.
Speaker B: The right thing, it's really wrong, or self cap our way into decentralization, even.
Speaker A: Though I'm sympathetic to that take because it's very much a shared value that I have. It's admirable take and it's the right value, but I don't think is as pragmatic as I'm thinking about this. That said, I came into this episode concerned about Lido's growing stake and what we do, and I think I left this episode with more nuance and more detail on, like, what Lido as a protocol is actually doing to decentralize itself. And I don't think this answered all of the questions. So I'm not like, oh, we're good here. It's like it's, we've got a plan, it doesn't matter anymore. But I certainly gained a lot of nuance and it did shift my perspective on, on this. Now, you we talk about it so often, coming to these debriefs, you're always in, like, the post guest glow of. You're like, hey, I really agree with what that person.
Speaker B: I agree with whatever recent podcast we.
Speaker A: Just recorded is exactly. And so we haven't had the kind of the alternate perspective, maybe the counter perspective. So I want to have that conversation, too with somebody at some point in order to fully express my take on this. But, yeah, it did change my perspective a little bit. Now, I'll throw the question to you, David. Did it change your perspective?
Speaker B: Yeah, it did. I'm always compelled by. I've used this line so many times when I use it in this episode. When you reroll the dice of crypto, what do you get? And all of a sudden, if you tell me you get something like the LSD wars, well, then obviously we can continue that conversation. And so that is like, don't fight Moloch. You have to actually route around him. And so fighting Moloch is self capping and lido isn't fighting Moloch. They're leaning in. They're not leaning into Moloch, but they're not going upstream. They're working with the current and trying to direct with the current, if that makes sense.
Speaker A: But what about the argument, though, David, which some would say to counter that is they are actually worker bees of Moloch because they are not captivating.
Speaker B: That's the main difference.
Speaker A: They are profit and lines.
Speaker B: How do you feel about Lido?
Speaker A: Yeah, they are LDO maximalist. Let's just say this would be the argument, and I think probably carry some merit. Of course, they would be in favor of growing LDO staking to 90% or higher because that will increase the value of LDO and they have a financial incentive to do that. And they're choosing not to do the right thing here. Like, so, like, there's the case of a client diversity. Do you remember when prismatic, they were by far the most used Ethereum beacon client number one. And rather than maintain that market cap, they chose to, like, give some of that up to kind of self cap. They realized that that wasn't in the best interest.
Speaker B: I don't think they did.
Speaker A: Well, let me just say.
Speaker B: No, they explicitly didn't do that. They were like, we're not going to make our product worse just in the name of decent.
Speaker A: Yeah, you're right. You're right. I shouldn't say self cap, but they were very.
Speaker B: They started helping other clients.
Speaker A: They helped other people. Yes. They reached an arm down.
Speaker B: They didn't help string themselves, they helped others.
Speaker A: Yeah, they weren't.
Speaker B: But that's because they don't have economic incentives. Cause a client is open source.
Speaker A: Correct. But it's very different, I guess, in cultural posture. Let me just say I'm unclear on the actions that prismatic took. They're now, like, much less in terms of market share, but culturally, I'm very clear on this. They helped other clients gain market share. They weren't interested in getting, like, 100% of the world. Whereas Lido very explicitly is like, we're coming to eat your lunch.
Speaker B: Yeah, we're going for 100%.
Speaker A: Yeah. We want as much stick as possible. We want.
Speaker B: There shall be one lsd and it shall be lido.
Speaker A: Well, that's. And so are they falling into the Moloch trap? Are they working for Moloch?
Speaker B: Well, it depends on outcomes, actually. Because whether you are working, you're trying to deceive Moloch, right. Or you're working for Moloch, one of the two. And it's a little bit of stranding your position. You work with Moloch by going downstream with Moloch's current and working towards being a monopoly and then also implementing crypto economics checks like that veto mechanism. I'm calling it crypto economic because the lstake eth token gets to veto. That is, working with Moloch. You're using the power of Moloch, you're going faster, and you're also constraining Moloch's ability to do anything. And so it's both working. It's using the power of Moloch, but then also constraining it at the same time, rather than going uphill, working against Moloch, trying to fight Moloch head on by saying, hey, we're going to go and self cap at 20%, because then you leave somebody else the door to actually work with Moloch. The example of Lido working and actually being Moloch and being worker beats other Moloch is saying, we're going to hit 100% of staked eth. Ethereum will be governed by Lido. And then me and my four co founders are going to walk into the UN and we are going to be Ethereum. That's.
Speaker A: Are you sure? Would it be. Would it be that? Or would it be more serotipit, like more in the background? I guess, like, more. Of course you wouldn't do that because, you know, that impression would turn the community again. Like, you would do that quietly in the background, rather than making that sort of explicit, and by the way, bankless listener, like, if you don't know what Moloch is and what we're just talking.
Speaker B: About, we've used it so many times, right?
Speaker A: And so, like, go, like, Google bankless Moloch episodes. Liz Berrie was the last one we did that.
Speaker B: Last time we did that episode was the first one.
Speaker A: Game theoretic traps, basically bad incentives. That's what, that's what we're using for shorthand for Moloch. So, like, what would lend for me more credibility on that argument is somebody outside of Lido. So somebody without Lido begs, let's say.
Speaker B: Without the finance Lido as a vector for capturing Ethereum, regardless of the intent and values and ethics that Lido currently has.
Speaker A: Yes, it's almost like I, it's an.
Speaker B: Achilles heel for Ethereum governance.
Speaker A: Yes, I want kind of an Ethereum researcher almost to talk about this in general, rather than, I think that would add more credibility to it. But, yeah, I don't, I do want.
Speaker B: To go back to the original question of, like, is my mind changed? So I'm gonna ask. You're asking me?
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Let me ask you again. You didn't, you didn't answer my question, David, is your mind changed?
Speaker B: Yeah, it is changed. And I do have faith, more faith that Lido's taking the logical approach, the pragmatic approach.
Speaker A: What changed?
Speaker B: I think the big concern that people have had prior to Lido is they just stood in stark, I'm going to put on my lido maximalist hat and put on my lido hat and argue for this case. This is what I do, and I should probably articulate that I'm doing this more often. This is what I did kind of in the world coin episode. I'm going to put on my Lido hat. A lot of non lido organizations, first and foremost, rocket Pool will be the big one, are probably just jealous that Lido beat them to the punch because rocket pool wasn't built as pragmatically and it was built with this Kumbaya Ethereum vibes, because from 2017 to 2021, whenever Lido launched, there was only rocket pool and there was only the RPL token. And then Lido comes in and just like, sweeps the floor of staking derivatives. And so rocket pool, which garnered the Ethereum community for four years, gets just like, out maneuvered out executed by Lido. And so therefore, that community gets bitter. And then that community and also the Ethereum community are also largely synonymous. There's a reason why the ETH stakers and the rocket pool community are pretty synonymous. And so then there's some resistance. I'm sorry, rocket pullers. I'm sorry. There is like this fascination that Rocketpool is this public good for Ethereum. And it's a branding effort that the rocketpool community has taken upon themselves as a narrative play. And then they've played lido as these, like, monopolistic, centralized organization that's going to take over Ethereum. And that's been like the narrative wars between these two organizations. And I think it ultimately comes down as like, ldo tokenization, just like created a ton of wealth. And all the rocket pool people who stuck around for four years didn't get any of that. And so again, this is me just only focusing on Lido. This is me being a lido, taking the lido position. But I think there's like a decent amount of truth to all that. And I think I fell into that as well. And it's because the rocket pool community does are the hardliners of Ethereum values. And this is why we need the rocket pool community. And that's why they feel frustrated by Lido is because Lido doesn't seem to so readily promote Ethereum values as the rocket pool community does.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: How much of that resonated with you?
Speaker A: I think if you have a lido hat on, then I think that that's a valid take with a kind of a lido type with a lido asterisk perspective. But I want to give you the opportunity because now you've pissed a whole bunch of people off, I'm sure. And so you got to take that hat off and you got to put on your decentralization. Maximalization.
Speaker B: Decentralization. Hard, lighter.
Speaker A: Let me kick that off first for you. I think that no community has done more to promote practical, decentralized staking than rocket pool.
Speaker B: 100%.
Speaker A: If you look at the docs running a validator yourself, the very first stop for most people, for many people, is running an RPL node, rocket pool node. Basically, they've created the documentation around this. They've taken great steps to make it, like, easy, accessible for all of us, accessible so that there can be more. Like, it's completely permissionless by design. So, like I consider is a community, I consider rocket pool a pool of solo stakers. Like, it's just like, these are small people. Like, small, small staking groups that, like, I got 32 eth and I'm staking from home, you know, or I have, like, it's, it fosters that and that is a public. That is a public good. It's not just branding.
Speaker B: That's why we're here.
Speaker A: That is like, why we're here. And so, so they see lido over there taking shortcuts that they could have taken.
Speaker B: So rocket pool could have been like, not to.
Speaker A: Yeah. Rocket pool could have been like, yeah. You know what's easier than doing like, permissionless? Put up a bond and a permissionless, like, mini pool, kind of where anyone can come and stake. You know what's easier? You just pre select 30 different staking service providers and you put them like, and we could have done that, but we took the shortcut, or, sorry, we took the hard mode because we care about Ethereum values and decentralization. And if you look at even the culture that's accrued there, they are not just doing it. They're not just doing it for the yield. They are doing it for the yield, but they're doing it for the yield. Plus they're doing it because there's something you get when you run rocket pool nodes. And so I'm allow you to like, you put on your rocket pool hat and kind of bolster that argument and add your own then.
Speaker B: Yeah, I remember when I got into Ethereum by mining mining gpu's, and it was one of the biggest, like, aha. Moments of, hey, there's this financial system in the clouds and I have a share of it and it's. I'm running transactions through my dad's bathroom. Why is that possible? Because of the values expressed by this Ethereum protocol. And it's where I've just started to feel so much ownership over this thing that we call Ethereum that was so young and nascent. And I don't think you get that from life, you do get that from rocket pool, because not only are if you bankless listener need help staking, solo staking, and you don't know who to ask. You go to rocket pool like, you go to the ETH staker group and they're going to teach you how to do it. And it's a big, it's a, like the rocket pull. Are the Athenians kind of like how I call, like the bank? I've been like tumbling this metaphor in my head lately. Like the bankless nation are a bunch of Athenians. The rocket pool, there are just a bunch of. Did you see super fizzes like thread? I remember you talking about this on the weekly roll up where he would just do like hash stake at home and everyone's like, solo, solo. Staker. Like, one is this, like, jumbled mess of cables under the desk. One guy has this, like, camper van that he's connected via like a satellite phone to get data. And, you know, it's just like, one is. There's like a messy coffee cup in the background in this photo. And, like, if you see Lido's setups, you don't see them because they don't share them, but they're going to be like supercomputers.
Speaker A: Yeah. The node operators are like sophisticated data centers, basically, is where all of this is kind of running.
Speaker B: So I do really appreciate the dichotomy that Hazus brought, which is the pragmatists versus the idealists. The goals of Ethereum are to make idealism practical, and I think that is expressed in rocket pool.
Speaker A: That's a great take. The goals of Ethereum are to make idealism practical. I think that's where he kind of ended the episode with, like, by the way, I remember first meeting Hazu and first interacting with Hazu back in 2018. He was a bitcoin maxi.
Speaker B: Not even a little bit.
Speaker A: Go look up this debate. Bankless nation. It was a debate between myself, the kind of the Ethereum supporter. It was like, hey, it's money.
Speaker B: Wwe pay per view for the 2018 bear market crowd. It was like, oh, oh, it's going down. Ryan versus.
Speaker A: And now he is all in on Ethereum. Did you hear him say that ether is the best? I can't believe it, man.
Speaker B: It took us a while for us to get him there. That was us, bro. That was you.
Speaker A: Well, no, it was. It wasn't. It was. I was one contributor and it was the ethereum culture. Do you know what it was? It's this practical idealism that Ethereum kind of exudes and that that converted him and that brought him over. And I think that's the.
Speaker B: Maybe the two different philosophies of Lido is like, Lido is pragmatic first, idealist second, and Rocketpool is idealist first, pragmatic second.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And that's where that division, that's where that conflict comes from.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's fine, but what is it better to be like? What is it better as? Like, more like morally? Like, what is it a better public good to be? It's definitely better to be an idealist person.
Speaker B: Rocket pool, more individual solo stakers to ethereum than anyone else.
Speaker A: And every staked eth that goes into Lido that doesn't go into rocket pool, right.
Speaker B: Is a sacrifice of decentralization. That's where every staked eth that goes into lido from coinbase, binance, kraken, all the centralized exchanges.
Speaker A: It's worse.
Speaker B: That's yes, right?
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, that's why the spectrum.
Speaker B: Is like the rocket pool army goes to Lido and be like, you guys aren't decentralized enough. And then Lido's like, what the fuck? Look at all the ether that we've taken from centralized exchanges. Why are you guys mad?
Speaker A: Yeah, it's bad, good, better and best. Right? And Lido is good, right? They're not kind of like, in my opinion, they're not kind of the bad side, but there is better and there's best. Now, what's interesting about this conversation was Hasu was charting a path where Lido can go from good to better from a decentralization perspective. And I think market pressures of rocket pool community and ethereum culture in general have probably helped to push that. I think that, let's just imagine that, because everything that Lido has shown us is they're pure pragmatists, right? Why would they be even rolling out, like, if they're pure pragmatists, why do they even care about permissionless pools? Why do they even care about increasing their validator set from 29 to 5000? Is because they think they can capture more of the market that way. Again, pure pragmatists.
Speaker B: They pragmatically think that they can capture the idealists.
Speaker A: Yes. So Layer Zero is pushing the layer Zero, which is a social layer of Ethereum, is pushing that feature set, making that more important on Leidos roadmap and moving them from good to better. And that's what I heard in this episode, which is forward progress.
Speaker B: I think that's how we express a lot of our desires in Ethereum, where like, a lot of people will just like, re at something without necessarily, like, giving them critic, like, good constructive feedback. They'll just like re, I don't like you. And that's, I have done that to Lido. I will say, I am one. I'm somebody that has read at Lido. And that's why we wanted to do this episode, so we could give the non retake about Lido. But just like that, that deafening sound of haters coming at you will change your direction. Like we felt that I would say. And so they won't tell you what to do, but they'll tell you that what they don't like, that they don't like what you're doing.
Speaker A: Yeah. And that they want more permissionless.
Speaker B: They want more something it's up to you to figure that out.
Speaker A: All right, so somebody comes to you and asks, hey, David, I've got some eth. Where should I stake? What do you say?
Speaker B: What's the different ap wise between Lido and rocket pool?
Speaker A: Oh, I don't even know this. I think it's comparable. Let's just say it's.
Speaker B: Call it even. Oh, between lotto and rocket pool?
Speaker A: Yeah, rocket pool. Why?
Speaker B: Because they're the Athenians.
Speaker A: And would you prefer, like, rocket pool to, like, solo staking or like, to staking on your exchange?
Speaker B: I think solo staking is a personal choice. Solo staking is like taking on a hobby. I don't want to recommend solo staking unless I'm like, well, I mean, I also like rock climbing. So pick a hobby, you know, what do you want to do if you want to get yield and you're in it for the financials? I would recommend rocket pool, because, unlike Lido, you can join Rocketpool right now. You'll join a community, you'll get camaraderie, and you'll get more yield than you would solo staking. You do have to stake that RPL bond. So that is like, a disqualifier for some. Some people won't like to get over that, that hurdle.
Speaker A: You know what?
Speaker B: Yeah. Like, I think that. I think the second order effects of joining Rocket pool are better than joining Rocket Maido.
Speaker A: You know, it's fascinating to me, as I've kind of been thinking about where I stake and that sort of thing, and so when I've looked at different staking options, including rocket pool or solo staking, all of these things to stake more eth that I have or managed service providers, there's a set of questions you have to go through. If you're doing a managed staking provider, let's say that would be one of the nodes that services Lido. There is a set of those that sensor for ofact and don't let those transactions through and don't allow those relayers through. It's basically ofac centered. And then there's a selection of managed staking providers that allow you to select your relayer. And so, of course, you could pick a non censoring MeV relayer. It's not abiding by OFAC. What just strikes me is it all comes back to the layer zero, because I, as a member of Layer Zero, I choose where I'm going to stake my ETH, and I choose what criteria matters for me. Is it just about yield? Is it just about the fungibility of the LSD? Or am I going to take the time to investigate whether this particular staking provider, this particular method, will be OFAC censored or not? Am I going to take the time to investigate how centralized or decentralized the giving staking services? There are blockchain communities who don't care. They just don't care. Where's the best API? Safest, risk adjusted returns, baby boom. So all of this kind of collapses back to player zero. It's all about what do the stakers decide to do? What does the holders of ETH, what do they care about? And if they care about decentralization, they will kind of stake accordingly. I don't know. It's just like you can have all of the algorithms and all the protocol designs and all of the rules, but it's interesting to me how the social structure we've just created just comes back to, does your community care about decentralization or not? And if they do, they'll prioritize it. If they don't, then they won't. And there's nothing your protocol can do about that, right?
Speaker B: Yeah, I remember Anthony Cesano on a recent daily guy said, maybe we're just chatting personally, he's like the, you know, the meme of the evolving giga brain person. It just gets bigger and bigger. Brain.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: It's like the logical conclusion, like the final, the ten out of ten, like, knowledge base that you might get once you go down the bottom of the crypto rabbit hole, is that everything is social consensus all the way down.
Speaker A: Oh, my God, it's so true, David. And this is why crypto is such a rabbit hole, too. It's like I'm looking at this in, like, I'm looking at the laws that govern the nation state that we have set up here, right? I'm looking at kind of the constitution itself. Well, that is just a freaking document, isn't it? It's up to you. It is up to the layer zero to determine whether that document remains true or not, or if anybody cares about it or not. And if we get into power games mode, guess what? It's just a freaking document. It's just a piece of paper and some dictator. Somebody could just say, this is just a. I have an army. What's your document going to do? Like, can it shoot me? Because I can burn it. And like, rock, paper, scissors, I win in the power games. So it's all based on whether the layer zero of the United States actually cares about abiding by the rules in the constitution of its democracy and maintaining that moving forward. And if they don't, then they won't have be able to keep it.
Speaker B: Yeah, I got to go. I got a meeting.
Speaker A: All right. Bye, guys.
Speaker B: Bye. Shout out to all the bankless citizens that didn't listen to the episode and only listen to the debrief. At least a few of you.
Speaker A: We know who you are.
Speaker B: You know who you are.
