Speaker A: Hey, guys, this is our episode after the episode with Richard and Nick from one confirmation. So they started their fund in 2017. They've been long time VC's in the space, I would say. What's our selection criteria for having a VC on the Bankless podcast these days?
Speaker B: Oh, well, the first word that comes to mind is authentic. But I might actually say that that is selection criteria for any bankless podcast guest. I mean, sometimes we'll do some weird stuff like have bitboy on.
Speaker A: But the.
Speaker B: Table stakes is like, you must be authentic and real and, you know, signal. You must have signal.
Speaker A: Yeah, you must have signal. I. You know, I will say, though, like, we veer into, like, not that sometimes too, right? So we've had. We had 3 hours capital on. Remember when this was around the time where it seemed like this was back in 2021 where Suzu was making this pivot.
Speaker B: This was a May of 2021.
Speaker A: He was making this pivot from being, like, a bitcoin maximalist to ethereum. Kind of like, hey, ethereum is also money. Ether is money. And so we were like, hey, that's interesting. Let's have him on the podcast. It turned out that what he likes to do is jump from, like, trade to trade, narrative to narrative. Because I think, like, four or five months later, he was an avalanche maximalist, and he abandoned Ethereum. He abandoned Ethereum. Anyway. So we do episodes like that, but for VC's, yeah, I think we try to skew more towards authentic or, you know, otherwise, maybe it's like a little bit of a debate, a little bit of back and forth. I guess what I'm saying is, I feel like one confirmation has proven themselves to be authentic VC's. And as far as VC's go, you just heard an episode of how shitty they are and why they are. Like, you know what they are? They're pretty good. They're one of the good ones. I think. At least that's been my assessment experience so far. So that was good to have that conversation.
Speaker B: The relationship between how loud somebody is a VC or a traitor, a three rs capital and the performance of their bags, I thought was pretty interesting. Suzu and Kyle Davies and three O's capital. They didn't start off being narrative spinner scammers.
Speaker A: That's a great point.
Speaker B: They had some real good points real early, and then it started to Crescendo and their personality started to get louder and their narrative spinning started to get more spinny. And I think when we had them on for the supercycle, we had them on right in their intersection, because they were making some really strong points that are totally right about the difference between bitcoin and ether. That was mainstreaming ether into public consciousness. And then they were also doing the super cycle thing, which I kind of didn't realize until after the bull market that I was totally drinking that Kool Aid sometimes.
Speaker A: I think that's an interesting meta point here. An important distinction here. It's like. Like, the villains of crypto don't necessarily start off as the villains of crypto. Like.
Speaker B: Right. They end up as villains. I don't think, like, Sam Bankman Freed. He started off totally honest.
Speaker A: I maybe. I don't know. It's hard to know. It's hard to know. But I do think that, like, at least some of them do. It's just. I guess we've talked about this before, but, like, crypto is somewhat of a. Like a crucible. It's just like a character test for you. It's like, really test your integrity. Who are you, really?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Yeah. Who are you really? Are you playing the short term game? Because there's lots of ways you can play that game. Crypto, tons of ways you can play that. Are you playing the long term game? It really tests you. And I do think that some of the 2022 villains didn't start out that way, for sure. I don't even know about do Kwan. Right. I remember, yeah. I don't even know if he started out that way. But just the incentives and the corruption, the fast, easy money and the shortcut.
Speaker B: Here, you take one short. One small shortcut leads to another small shortcut, leads to another small shortcut, and you burn $50 million.
Speaker A: Yeah. And then you're just, like, you know, amphetamine dependent, and who knows where you end up anyway? These guys are not that I feel like they're thinking.
Speaker B: Yeah, they. Richard. They're. Both of them are very humble, I would say. Yeah, I think. Well, I think Nick's not a. Nick.
Speaker A: Is not super humble. Richard is.
Speaker B: He's not afraid to drop a bomb, that's for sure.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: But they. They. They are grounded. They're both very grounded, I would say.
Speaker A: So what do you think about their takes on VC's?
Speaker B: Yeah, so. Okay. Yeah. This is the other part of the conversation. I was gonna go with the. The being loud in the front, and then your performance just being asynchronous to that in the back. Like, what they. What one confirmation isn't is like all the other VC firms in crypto, and so, like, there's, like, the homogenous archetype for VC's. Like the broad strokes VC in crypto that probably does is like the thread, boys, is what he's talking about. Like the. If you just want to boil the average crypto VC, like, what do you get down to this like bare essence and. And whatever come one confirmation is is not that. And so, like what that's was this was what he was saying is like there are incentive structures that funnel VC's into being a particular thing. And then also the void that crypto leaves because so much, so much of it is left to be built that VC's have a lot of space to fill with their narratives that are legitimized by their billion dollar fund size or their multi hundred million dollar fund size. That's your average typical VC, right? Like we're building for the future. But in the meantime, how do I wake. I just woke up today. It's a Monday morning. How do I want to improve? How do I want to move forward with my VC fund in my career? The thing that I can think of is writing a tweet thread that supports my portfolio companies. And then you start to, like, just like Suzu and Kyle Davies to like, starting to push the narratives, starting to get loud, because if you want to move the needle right here and right now, what are you going to do? You're going to write a thread that pumps up your bags, pumps up your narratives, which is probably right, at least at the start. But over time, that is the incentive of, like, a loud, narrative driven VC who uses that clout to raise $100 million and then carries 2% on that and earns $2 million a year. And that's the incentive structure. And so, like, that was, I would say, plus I could probably spend a little bit more time parsing this out. But that's like the archetype for a crypto VC. And this was something that I was learning, that we were learning while we were making bankless VC. It's like, what do we want bankless VC to become? And the first pitch deck that I made, it was like, okay, I need to make a VC pitch deck. I need to do the VC thing. And then I realized after I gave the pitch to the first, the first time, I was like, I don't need to follow those in the footsteps of crypto VC's. It's bankless. Like, we're going to make our own strategy. It's going to be specifically unique to what we are, and it's going to do its job of being a VC by returning capital to LP's, but just following in the footsteps of all the other LP or VC's that are out there is just completely undermining what we could be as a unique VC firm. So these are my learning lessons and how it connects to the podcast.
Speaker A: Yeah, this is also true for me. Like, I just, I don't really want to make like, money on easy mode. Like, I feel like that's almost cheating. It's almost like you're playing game Monopoly.
Speaker B: With your friends and like, yeah, easy mode bores me.
Speaker A: Yeah, and you're the banker and you're like, and you're like, you're sneaking hundred dollar, you know, monopoly money bills in your pocket when no one's looking. It's like, what the hell, dude? You're playing it like, play the game, don't cheat. Right?
Speaker B: Like, win on your own terms, bro.
Speaker A: Win on your own terms. And, you know, that's kind of an ethic that I certainly like hold. But I guess I would say there's a lot of like, vC's who don't hold with that ethic and they're very much like whatever the expected value return is. Yeah, we'll just do that. And liquid tokens certainly does not help. Early liquid tokens in the life cycle of an early project does not help that. Let me ask you though, do you assign, you know, I was going down the path of making the devil's advocate case here of shouldn't retail be smarter? And it's their fault. Maybe it's their fault. What role does retail play in actually buying these tokens and falling for these games every single time? Are you sympathetic to that take?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think because retail is giving the takes of like, hey, retail is holy. Retail don't dump on retail. They are the holy ones. They are what you're here for. They are the community. Like, I'd love to put on my contrarian hat and say, like, retail is just this broad, sweeping statement that is just everyone else. Some of them are toxic. And the reason why, and the reason why they are jealous and excuse me, I already, I led with the punchline. The reason why they hate VC's who get early liquidity and dump on retail is because they want that. And they would totally do that. And so, like, one of the main reasons why a VC is a VC and a retail is a retail person is because if a retail person can elevate themselves as an individual who is helpful to teams and can help a team succeed, then that retail person elevates themselves and becomes a VC. And if you are just a retail person, maybe you're also like a normal nine to five, you're a nurse or you work in a job or you just don't play in the game, then you're retail and then you also have crypto as your side hobby. But there are some retail people out there who are opening up crypto, Twitter and coingecko 24 7365 and they are in crypto. And like that. Then sometimes these people need to elevate themselves if they want, if they want to be early, they need to prove their value. And if you prove your values sufficiently enough, then you become a VC. And then all of a sudden you're on the other side of it, right? But yeah, the whole broad sweeping idea that retail is this holy mat. The holy masses who can do no wrong is let's rid people of the opportunity, of the responsibility of like, yo, there are wolves in cheap clothing among retail.
Speaker A: If Gary Gensler was here, David, do you know what he'd say? He'd say all of these games. All of these games that you just went over about, you know, VC's playing these games. That's why we have security slaws and that's why I. We need a regulatory agency that is protecting the investor. What that basically means is because of credited investor laws, if you don't have over a million dollars, you can't play in these markets. You can't play in these token markets, basically. And that's a good thing because retail is going to get screwed and scammed and like, they are basically, we have to kind of, we can't let them have access to it. It's too dangerous for them. It's sort of a, you know, kind of a nanny type of approach to investing, I would say. What's your take on that? Like, does he have a point?
Speaker B: I think. I think the institution of creditor investor investor laws has gone too far. Like saying that you can and cannot invest in something is like, I'm all sorts of. I understand why. Because if you allow retail investors to invest, then you will create some sort of like, startup opportunity or VC fund that is a fraud, that can go out to people who are too busy to do due diligence or aren't informed enough to do due diligence. And they can specifically use that as a vulnerable attack vector to get $100 million of retail money as their AUm and their fund. And that is something that investor accreditation laws does remove. But I would say the net benefit of investor accreditation laws is still in that net negative to the world.
Speaker A: Yeah, I agree with that. I'm probably supportive of some sort of investor accreditation that's more knowledge based or kind of.
Speaker B: You need to do something like, I'm happy with the idea of investor accreditation laws existing so long as there is like a form you can file that gets you over the hurdle where you can then participate. So, like by default, maybe. Sure. So long as it's easy to jump over that hurdle if you so choose.
Speaker A: Yeah. And the one thing about which I hate about basically public trade companies in the US, the bar for them with sarbanes oxalates to this regulation being increased is private companies stay private for longer. And so this means the average retail investor doesn't actually get exposure to. There's a whole set of high performing early assets that can, by the way, you can buy a portfolio of these things and balance out the risk. It doesn't have to be like an all or nothing type thing. And you can balance out the risk by investing just a portion of your net worth in this more risky stuff. But basically because of our net worth bar accredited investor laws, we sort of don't allow an entire class of people access to some of the highest returns on the planet. And so this is why, like, you know, Facebook already did its 1000 x before it went public. Right. And it's like, that's Jack. That's just a, you know, a crime, I think. And that. That is you're actually stealing from retail by stealing opportunity from them that they're not aware of. I also take the point. It's like one very, you know, rosy kind of picture here is, well, you know what the highest performing asset was? It sounded. It sounds like bitcoin and ether dollar cost averaging.
Speaker B: And the vc, immaculate, man. After. After that was doge. But then after that, I don't know if you have much more.
Speaker A: Yeah, but that, I mean, that is kind of a happy.
Speaker B: But I will say, like a lot of. If there's a retail individual out there who's like, I want to be in a VC fund, but I can't because of veteran. You should be so happy and to eat.
Speaker A: Yeah, you totally should be. You. You probably would. You would have done better. According to, you know, to Richard and.
Speaker B: Nick here, I had some friends who are like, hey, can we. Can I invest in bankless ventures? And I'm like, dollar cost average, how much eth do you have? And they're like, prioritize below 30. I'm like, get your validator. Yeah, first things first. Hold up.
Speaker A: Yeah, this other thing by the way, sent me down a memory lane a little bit. I think Nick mentioned that Richard had a hand in starting the SPF thing.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And do you want me to share the tweet he was talking about?
Speaker B: Yeah, sure.
Speaker A: It was this.
Speaker B: I have another topic in this vein, but we can do it afterwards.
Speaker A: All right, well, let me do.
Speaker B: Actually, maybe I should run with it first.
Speaker A: All right, go, go.
Speaker B: The topic of the token, the invention of a token as a new invention that we've created. And Richard, or maybe it was Nick, they were like, oh, yeah. And then, so as soon as a founder mentioned a token, then VCE perked up and then they're like, all in because of the tokenization. Well, the gap that you talked about, as in like Facebook had this 1000 x before ever going to IPo to go to retail. That is the gap that is there is being filled by the token. So like startups will do one or two or maybe three rounds and then issue a token. And the reason why tokens are so enticing to both VC's and retail is because that is the gap. That is the value being expressed between, like Facebook doing a ten x and Facebook doing 1000 x. In crypto, you do a token now. And so of course VC's want that because that is the way that you get so much of the gains. Just the existence of the token is now, hey, you are going public. Retail investors can now buy, but the mere invention of a token is the invention of early liquidity and also a global access to buyers and liquidity pools, which the Nasdaq will never have. People say, oh, the VC's just chase tokens. I, because of the premium that tokens have. And I think the crypto industry under indexes the mere invention of the token that allows for early liquidity at a higher premium because of the global permissionless markets that it creates.
Speaker A: Yeah, I agree with all that. And I do think it's important to separate a token from kind of the legal assurances of a security or an equity. Right. What do you actually own? I know very clearly what I own with ether, I'll tell you that, which is the transaction fees that I see burnt on chain. If I choose to stake, then it's ETH denominated rewards. I can calculate that from DCF discounted cash flows perspective in terms of how much value is being paid as a dividend. I can calculate all that. And that's glorious. I do think other tokens are much more difficult to calculate. Right.
Speaker B: But we're getting there because they are the pre IPO phase equivalent of Defi apps or NFT apps or something.
Speaker A: I mean, they are, especially with some of these emerging markets and chains and that kind of thing. Where else was I going to go with that on tokens? I can't remember. But, oh, the one point I wanted to make is it is so important that we know what VC games are being played, right, so that we become resistant to them. And one thing I worry about is what tends to happen is the veterans become much more resistant to them. So you've been through a cycle. Like, you're like, I've seen this play before. Yeah, I remember EOS, right? You're not going to get me on Aptos and Sui and that sort of thing, right? Like, I remember how this game works. The problem with that, though, is, is the new cohort, the new class, has to make all the same mistakes before they, like, listen to the vets. And then the vets become, like, salty about it and, like, angry and like, this is.
Speaker B: This is why so much. Basically, all of the Ethereum ecosystem was so jaded by multicoin capital before the bull market even started. Because we watched them fail on eos and watch them just run the same playbook back for Solana. Yeah, well, I mean, I technically worked with Solana.
Speaker A: There you go. Sometimes maybe it works. Or has it worked? I don't know.
Speaker B: The Ethereum archetype would say that, no, Solana is still going to zero. And they just successfully. They just successfully ran the same playbook back and that's what everyone involved.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, I know. There's just. So, anyway, you become resistant to these types of games, you become like, the burden of proof has to be a lot higher. And for me, that's very much the case with any kind of alternative layer one. It's like, oh, the burden of proof is pretty high. Nothing that they can't reach over. The burden of proof because, you know, I think there's a possibility there, though. But, like, we all learn to protect ourselves. But anyway, this is the tweet I was mentioning, David, the Richard Chen tweet that set this whole thing off. He said this on October 13, 2022. I caught this, editors.
Speaker B: We're sharing this at 19 minutes and 15 seconds.
Speaker A: Here's a fun one people aren't noticing. Richard said SBF quietly lobbly lobbying to get the Digital Commodities Consumer Protection act. The DCCPA bill passed, which gives the CFTC power to kill defi but benefits FTX.
Speaker B: I love the way he leads into this. Here's a fun one that people aren't noticing.
Speaker A: Yeah, at the time, that was kind of breaking for me, because everything I had heard about the DCCPA was that, yeah, there's some compromises, but it's like, it looks good for crypto. And this was like a Richard pointing at SPF and saying he's quietly lobbying to get it passed and to kill Defi and benefit FTX. That was quite the charge on October 13, 2022. And I replied, do you have a source for that? And I'm not going to reveal our DM's, but Richard gave me kind of, like, some insight into what he was seeing and his source, and that, I think, set other people, like me, who saw this tweet down, a quest to poke our nose into what SPF is actually doing.
Speaker B: And I love the timing of this because we're recording this debrief the day that SPF got arrested. So you can see on the right, there's a 4500 person Twitter space talking about SPF. And that is great timing.
Speaker A: Look at this juxtaposition. All right, so what just happened? Because we were recording, I didn't see this, uh, you know, fully SBF in.
Speaker B: Handcuffs, but, yeah, going to jail for evidence tampering.
Speaker A: He was already in handcuffs.
Speaker B: He was in house arrest.
Speaker A: Now he's back in actual jail.
Speaker B: Never was really in jail, was he?
Speaker A: Yeah. Remember he was in, um. In what, what island?
Speaker B: Oh, he was in bahamian jail.
Speaker A: Yeah, he was in Bahamas.
Speaker B: Awful.
Speaker A: Which really sounded bad. And then he, uh. I don't know if he went to jail temporarily, and, like, New Yorker in.
Speaker B: The US, he got out on house arrest really fast.
Speaker A: All right, but is he back in jail?
Speaker B: Apparently, he's back in jail for evidence tampering.
Speaker A: What is evidence? So he's trying to, like, delete the evidence tampering. Well, but, like, what? Why would he do this? But, like, also.
Speaker B: What do you mean? Why would he do this?
Speaker A: Never mind, never mind.
Speaker B: Why would he. Why would he tamper with evidence? I don't know, man. Maybe because he's going to jail for 30 years.
Speaker A: When does he stop? Maybe that's more my question.
Speaker B: Can't stop. Can't stop.
Speaker A: He can't stop himself.
Speaker B: Sonic.
Speaker A: So bizarre. So this. This was part of the tweet that. That got people talking to SBF, forced him to, like, defend his position, write a blog post. When he wrote a blog post defending the DC CPA, it was just the biggest pile of crap that I'd ever seen. It was just basically, like, reasons why it could be okay. For, like, why?
Speaker B: Why we should sell our soul to the devil.
Speaker A: Yes. Is basically a tldrhichenne, you know? Yeah. And there's no other way out of it. And you crypto purists who aren't willing to make all of your defi front ends, you know, subject to money transmitter laws, you're just.
Speaker B: You guys aren't willing to sell your soul to the devil. Well, I am. I'll sell our soul to the devil. I'll do it.
Speaker A: So we took him to task on that, and then Eric Voorhees wrote a great counterpost, and we had that debate and then debate history. Yeah. The rest is history. Days later, like, you know, ten days later, twelve days later, all of this stuff comes out. Um. Yeah. What a year that was.
Speaker B: Domino's. Dominoes.
Speaker A: That was crazy. Anyway, thanks, Richard, for, like, doing that work. That's the social.
Speaker B: This is the thing that impresses me both about Nick and Richard is that they are silently, not everywhere, but silently, in the right places, picking up on the right signal.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Like, Richard's not a loud guy. He's pretty humble.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And apparently, he was the guy that knew exactly what SBF was up to on Capitol Hill.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm gonna. Yeah, I asked him, you know, to just, like, clue me in. Give me the heads up next time, too, when you see stuff like that first. All right.
Speaker B: We can be the megaphone for one confirmation. It's very quiet. Tentacles across the world.
Speaker A: How about any other bullcase stuff? Did that stir you? Are you bullish?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, prediction markets, man, it's, like, even talk about things that don't really exist that have a very large potential future. I remember reading a couple books about crypto in 2017, 2018 that are exactly that of just like, the crypto future. Let's totally imagine it in prediction markets having a very big role in it. Just like the public infrastructure that prediction markets could provide the world. Just like the number of mere markets that prediction markets could produce. And whenever there's more markets that is good, like, man, it's so bullish. There's so many. Like, I don't even know.
Speaker A: I want to believe David. I've just been a long time, you know, prediction market.
Speaker B: One of the things I'm so jl. Prediction markets. Yeah, I've heard that story before.
Speaker A: Did you own any rep tokens?
Speaker B: 100% rep kept. It was one of the shining lights that kept me going, man. Like, when I. When I was facing off with the bitcoin maxis, and they're like, what is ethereum? Good for. I'm like, have you heard of Auger Rep?
Speaker A: Even know what a prediction market is?
Speaker B: Rep is the token. Why is it called rep is called refer reputation. Because it's a you rep to stake on the correct side of a prediction market, which for subjective interpretations of prediction markets. Then that's all of a sudden your reputation.
Speaker A: And it was also an example with Agra of hey, an ICO that's actually building a product that's gonna ship and they actually shipped it.
Speaker B: They actually shipped it and they shipped a v two and it just never got traction.
Speaker A: It was just not great.
Speaker B: It was too purist, it was too on chain. Yeah, that's a nice benefit about polymarket is like, polymarket is like 1ft in, 1ft out of crypto.
Speaker A: Well, it matches their thesis, which is like purist and tourist kind of thing. It's just maybe it hits that kind of. Did you like that mental model, by the way? Purist and tourist, hundred percent.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. It made me think of like, you know, like the Golden Cross and then the death cross on Ta market. Like markets, you know, like the 20 week moving average.
Speaker A: You and Ledger talk to me about them.
Speaker B: That's how I was getting a image of that where like the tourist line and the purist line cross and cross each other over time. Like sometimes the tourist is over indexed and then sometimes the death cross is when the tourist supply drops below the purist supply. Like that's a bear market. Yeah, that's kind of the imagery that I was getting during that. But yes, I do like it, to answer your question.
Speaker A: So prediction markets, messengers, kind of cool. You know, I'm really hopeful that we, this is the cycle. We built some big apps. I'm seeing some promising signs with smart contract wallets getting a lot easier to set up.
Speaker B: I did feel very validated by Richard agreeing with my take that our protocols are basically done, so it's time to move higher up the stack.
Speaker A: Well, let me ask you one other thing, which is, yeah, we haven't talked about this yet, but do you think that we are just going to make the exact same mistakes again next cycle?
Speaker B: No, we'll make new mistakes.
Speaker A: Okay. But like basically, if you were to kind of say magnitude of mistakes, yes, icos big mistake. Like people got burned, it all sucked, blah, blah, blah, up, down, like fomo, you know, all that. It happened again in 2021, 2022, basically bubbles and then pop, bubble and pop. Expand contract, expand contract. Do you think we do the exact same thing next cycle? We're gonna have our new cast of characters. They're gonna be different, of course, because some of them are in jail from the previous cycle. New cast of characters, new set of scams. Like season three, basically. But it's just kind of a replay of season one and two.
Speaker B: We will have a new set of scams and a new set of scammers. The optimists in me, and I think I can rationalize this, is that they will be smaller in proportion than previous cycles. And the evidence for this is that the crypto market cycles are dampening. And so things are fundamentally getting more stable on the most macro of time horizons. Also, there are like the reasons why SPF and 3 hours capital and do Kwan and Alex was able to do what they had done is because no one had ever done any level of scamming prior to them. But now that precedent has been set, and now they're all in jail, and now the eyes of regulation and the regulators are upon us. And so there's just not as much room to get away with crazy shit like that. And so, yeah, I think, yeah, Coinbase has a layer two chain, man. And they are on. They are public, publicly traded company. They're bridges between the public and our degenerate corners of crypto are short.
Speaker A: So I think you've said this before, at least to me, is like 2022 kind of broke you in a way for crypto. And I'm wondering, and I think at the end of that, it was just like, I don't know, my summary for you is like, oh, we're actually, is actually crypto a net good for the world if we keep screwing this up again and again, if the scammers like, out yell the good ones, the good guys, Moloch wins. And is that like hex and Richard heart? Are they growing faster than like, you know, Vitalik and Hayden Adams or whoever? The kind of the good side is? Have you healed from that? Or like, are you like, what's.
Speaker B: I think so. I actually put out a tweet, a tweet yesterday that said something along the lines of, if the 2022 scammers broke your faith in humanity, make sure that the 2023, that you leave room for the 2023 heroes to repair it. What comes around goes around. And that was because of Jesse Pollock, man. Like, that guy is putting half of the industry on his shoulders and leading a public company to become an on chain, more decentralized platform and also taking mainstream society and putting it there. Like, I'm putting faith in Jesse Pollock here for whatever SPF was. Jesse Pollock's the inverse of that or whatever do Kwan was. Jesse Pollock's the inverse of that. And I don't want to, like, make a put. Like, you're not supposed to need heroes in the world of cryptography and math and stuff, but I choose to be optimistic, and so, like, examples like that help me restore.
Speaker A: I have actually never believed that you don't need heroes in crypto. I totally think you do need heroes. I think you don't need to trust the heroes.
Speaker B: Sure.
Speaker A: But in order to move us forward, we totally need heroes, and I'm so thankful for them. I'm so thankful for people like, Vita. Like, Vitalik is one of the reasons, like, I'm still here, and I've, you know, like, jesse is maybe another one. I think it's actually a good strategy that you're on, which is to, like, exhort our heroes. Right. Because we already have the villains. Everyone knows their name. Right. Like, what about the spotlight on the people who are doing good work, guys? Yeah.
Speaker B: Anthony Cesanos. The Jesse helix.
Speaker A: Exactly. And, you know, Jesse's not showing a token. Like, he's just doing this because it needs.
Speaker B: He's just putting us on chain, man. He's getting society and moving it on chain.
Speaker A: That's cool. You got anything else on this?
Speaker B: No, I think I'm good.
Speaker A: All right, guys, this has been the debrief. Peace.
