Speaker A: Bankless nation. Welcome to the debrief with our episode with Georgios Constantinopoulos and Andrew Huang. Ryan, you were not there on the episode, but you just listened to it. What'd you think?
Speaker B: Yeah, it was great. I listened to it this morning. By the way, David, you still have Covid, bro. I still have Covid. Yeah, I'm still coughing, but I have this. See, I'm gonna cough, and you're not gonna hear it. See that? It's on my mic.
Speaker A: Beautiful.
Speaker B: No one heard that.
Speaker A: Leveling up this year.
Speaker B: I haven't seen you. First, let's talk about this, and we'll get into the episode. Sorry, bagless nation. Dave and I have some ketchup to do, some chitchat. I haven't seen this man in probably a week and a half or so. Yeah, you just climbed another mountain, destroyed a Horcrux. Congrats on that. I don't know if you know this, but we got the bitcoin ETF last week.
Speaker A: I actually listened to the bankless weekly roll up with Anthony Cesano. Man, what a great way to catch up on. I'm really thankful that that podcast exists when I'm done.
Speaker B: It's. It's really great. And thank you. Thanks to Anthony for doing it that way. Do you know his dog passed away?
Speaker A: Yeah, his dog. He's pretty broken up about that.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, just long time. He's a cute dog.
Speaker A: Look. Yeah, his dog looks. Looks like your dog, by the way, to invoke anything by that.
Speaker B: Yeah, I know. It's like, is that a threat? What the hell, dude?
Speaker A: I'm sorry. Wow.
Speaker B: He's destroying Horcrux now. Now he's still doing mob hits on dogs. Dogs. Anyway, yeah, he did a great job filling in. We talked a lot of things. That was another cough. Didn't hear. Anyway, man, what was I going to say? So we got the bitcoin ETF. You destroyed the horror. How is the mountain climb, though? Tell me about this dude.
Speaker A: One of the more, by far the most intense things I've ever done. I remember when I signed up for this particular ascent, I realized I knew signing up for it, that I'm, like, quickly sprinting up to the edge of my abilities, and I needed. I needed to, like, train more in order to be comfortable, and so I did. I went to the gunks in New York, which is, like, this famous, like, rock climbing place upstate, like, two times. Got a guide, went with a friend, just really practiced outdoor climbing, went ice climbing, did a ton of, like, training in the gym, so that, like, when I would do it, I would be more comfortable, which I am very, very glad that I did it. Washington. It was very intense. We were.
Speaker B: You needed all of.
Speaker A: I needed it.
Speaker B: All of your.
Speaker A: I needed all of your training.
Speaker B: I mean, it was cold up there.
Speaker A: It was like, I so, like, let's see, the climb was like four days ago. And I still have, like, numbness in my feet, I think. Cause I, like, lost circulation for so long. Cause my rock climbing shoes were so tight. God, yeah. I think I have a little bit of nerve damage, actually.
Speaker B: It's like a loss of circulation. Not like a frostbite or anything like this.
Speaker A: I think a combo of the two, because it was 30 degrees ish, 30, 35. And I put on rock climbing shoes, which are famously tight. And I put on socks in the rock climbing shoes because it was so cold. Um, so I think.
Speaker B: Are you not supposed to do that? You're not supposed to climb in socks.
Speaker A: Uh, I mean, you can do whatever you want. It's better if you don't have socks because you want as little as possible separating your foot from your rock climbing shoe. But when it's 30 degrees out, you leave socks on. Um, but then my feet are even more squeezed. But anyway, I got to the top. It's fine. It was great. Um, that's awesome. 1010 pitches, climbing rock and ice up the very top. And then you're, there's like this little snowfield, uh, for like one last descent. And the views are just absolutely insane. I'm sure you saw the picture with the, the mountain views around, so it's just like, it seems fake.
Speaker B: I mean, you can take pictures of it, but I bet it's like, surreal to be there in person. Like, it's just totally different than the pictures, right?
Speaker A: Yeah, totally. The, I mean, it's. The whole thing is so surreal that it's hard to absorb it, especially when you're, like, focused on not falling, um, so much. It's. It's a little bit hard to appreciate taking it all in all at once. Um, this is why I need to go back and, like, do it again. Because the first time you want to do it again? Oh, oh, yeah, totally. Yeah. That's like the first of like seven climbs that are down there and the, the easiest of all of them.
Speaker B: Well, I can't wait to.
Speaker A: It only gets more intense from here.
Speaker B: To join you one day using my apple VR headset. Uh, and just getting to the top the easy way. Let, uh, tech, tech, virtual reality catch up with me. Anyway, so let's relate this to, uh, roll ups are in the process of climbing a mountain, aren't they?
Speaker A: How are you going to make this transition? Roll ups.
Speaker B: So roll ups, how are they doing? What's the state of roll ups? That was the episode. Let me ask you, why did you want to do this episode? I know you've been wanting to do it for a while. What were the reasons?
Speaker A: Yeah, there is a, here's a deep cut. Do you remember when Amin, Soleimani and Molokdao, which you were a part of when it was in its heyday, in its golden age, sponsored this research report, I think. I can't remember who wrote it, but sponsored this research report as on state of ETH two. Ethereum, the state of ETH two, because there was this big tragedy of the commons between all these disparate Ethereum client teams and researchers, and there wasn't really any sort of shared consensus or shared conversation about like, yo, what's going on with the Ethereum roadmap? This was in like, call it like the Ethereum dark ages of the Ethereum roadmap, where we had a direction.
Speaker B: It was, it felt completely discordant. It felt like the, the EF did not have momentum. It felt like no one was, like everything was moving in slow motion, no one was going in the right direction. Like we were missing our, you're missing our Danny Ryan archetype.
Speaker A: We're missing our Danny Ryan. But yeah, I do remember you came on the scene.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Right. So I think we're kind of pattern matching that phase of Ethereum's roadmap to our current state of layer twos a little bit to some degree. There are some just like, um, tragedy, the commons between layer twos about the direction we are all going in, whereas all layer twos are all going in their own direction. Because that's, I mean, that's what they should be doing. They should be focusing on themselves. They should be making sure that they are building the best versions of themselves. Uh, they should, that's, that makes sense. And that's one of the beautiful things about the Ethereum roll up strategy, is arbitrarium gets to focus on arbitram. Optimism gets to focus on optimism. Polygon gets to focus on polygon. They all get to respond to their market environments and build their best products as from the signals that they see fit, which is, I love that. It's beautiful. It produces 1700, a thousand different ways to scale Ethereum and let the best path win. We get to try them all out the void that that leaves is the space between the chains, the space between the roll ups, where we have composability and, you know, shared direction and tailwinds and the network effects. And so maybe a little bit of the motivation for this episode was coming from just, like, the rise of monolithicism. Model monolithic, ismonal monotheism.
Speaker B: Monotheism.
Speaker A: Monotheism. Monotonism.
Speaker B: Monochain. Yeah, that's hilarious.
Speaker A: Yeah. Where, like, they have universal compose. If you're a monolithic blockchain, you have universal composability. You don't have any sort of fragmentation. I mean, there's bankless. Listeners will have already totally understood our position on this and the trade offs that come with being a monolithic blockchain. But the one thing that a monolithic blockchain does have is, like, complete and perfect composability. And so the original impetus for this episode was to go and discover, like, what does it take to get complete universal composability? But that specific question ended up just being one of many questions as the agenda for the episode developed. Because the path of layer twos isn't necessarily towards complete, perfect composability. That is not our north star. That is a valid goal. We should strive for that when we can get it. We should have more composability if we can put points into more composability. But that is one of many goals that is part of the layer two roadmap. And so that composability was a focus, but it was also just a focus on the economics of layer twos, how far away we are from complete and perfect security and decentralization of layer twos, and just overall, a holistic, like, state of the union. About layer two. This was the goal.
Speaker B: Yeah, honestly, my takeaways from it is layer twos are going real well. Yeah, they're going.
Speaker A: I would agree. They're going real, real well.
Speaker B: Yeah, it was pretty bullish. They're doing just fine, to be honest. Like, it was. You know, I totally get the analogy of, like, ethereum disc coordinated, you know, state of ETH two from 2018 2019. This felt also very much not like that. Maybe from a narrative perspective, it's like that, but, like, layer two is over 20 billion in assets under management. The tech is being built out. It's all incredibly well funded. I mean, part of the problem from, like, 2018 2019, ethereum is like, where's the funding going to come from? And, like, who's incentivized to actually do this? Uh uh. These roll up teams are so freaking incentivized to, like, capture, state, build the future. Um, and they. They have infrastructure teams. Like conduit, for instance, and Andrew, who you had on the podcast, who's spun up, whose sole job it is to make this shit easy.
Speaker A: Like, right?
Speaker B: We. It's going. It's just going very well. One line that stuck out to me was like, sorry, that. That cough got on the recording. I was in the flow, man. Um, George Yos goes first. Cheap fees, which enable wallet ux, which enable apps. It's like, very sequential. And that's exactly what I see. Like, we are going to solve cheap fees in 2024. I mean, my. I think our long time thesis has been, like, the focus on cheap fees, right? Like, layer twos are going to make block space fees drop to zero.
Speaker A: Zero. Not low. Not low. Yeah, zero.
Speaker B: Look, connect the dots here. Conduit deployed across the op stack, completely deployed across arbitrum orbits. Connection with Celestia, boom. Like, fees go down to zero. I know it's a validium. It's not like full roll up, but you can use that to bootstrap and move into a roll up if you want. You don't have to just be lithium for life. Or you could be a volition. You could pick one or the other, depending on the transaction. Like, cheap fees are not a competitive advantage when you're fighting against layer twos, guys. All right? And so, like, that was a massive reinforcement of that. Like, and George Yos was like, yeah, by the end of 2024, this innovation is going to be democratized and propagated. And basically we will have gotten out of the low bandwidth 56K modem version of crypto that we've been operating in. And high bandwidth broadband will be low cost and plentiful. And so then we can start solving more of the UX. And I know it's not sequential, like, you know, we're solving some wallet ux now, but, like, bringing the transaction fees close to zero is going to happen this year.
Speaker A: Right? One remaining area of inquiry, which. God, who was. What's his name? Who dm'd me from reverie, I believe. Miles O'Neill. Yeah. Really smart guy. He dmed me right after I was recording this episode because I mentioned in the episode Lyra, the op stack fork for the app specific op stack fork for Lyra, pivoted from Ethereum main net data availability to celeste data availability, which brought their costs down from 40 ether a month for data availability fees down to 100 Ethereum, half an ether for Celestia, and and Celestia has one 10th of the scale of eigen da, by the way. Um, and so, like, that half of an eth can go down to, you know, 0.1 eth pretty damn easily here with, like, we're. And Celeste even has, is not even on its own, like, limit. Yeah. Anyways, um, uh, and so the question that Miles came at me with was like, what, what do you think are the overhead costs of pivoting DA providers? Like, is it easy to pivot from one DA provider to another? Or is there a hurdle you have to get over? Which I think is a super valid question. I mean, the incentive to go from the Ethereum DA to DA is massive. It's roughly 40 ether a month for Lyra. And about that for other app specific chains who are kind of actually deploying empty blocks to Ethereum, at least with this current set of users, relatively empty blocks. And so, like, that's kind of like a big question that I have that I wish I should have asked Andrew. I think Andrew's brilliant. I would love to know what the, what the barriers are, the hurdles.
Speaker B: My impression, David, is that it's pretty easy, I think. So, like, like, once you have infrastructure providers like conduit in the middle, then like swapping in Celestia for Eigen. I mean, Lyra is basically already swapping ethereum da for Celestia without skipping a beat. Right? Well, they could just go to Eigen layer if they want, or back and provide optionality. Anyway, really cool. Really good news. The question of fragmentation was interesting, the way they answered it. It's just like, this is not going to be the model of, you have different roll ups and you have asynchronous composability between those roll ups or not. Like, that's not different than the way the Internet works today with content.
Speaker A: That is, the Internet is an asynchronous system.
Speaker B: Right? And so their comment was like, well, you know, the composability will evolve, market evolve, where composability is necessary. But like, some of what they said was basically the market is kind of overestimating the level of composability necessary. Because, like, if you look at the evolution of the Internet, most of the stuff doesn't require composability. The stuff that does require composability has restful APIs that are written for it, and it's an asynchronous composability model. And so, like, it's just the tip of the iceberg needs to be interoperable.
Speaker A: And so, yes, basically there needs to be perceived interoperability. Not perfect interoperability.
Speaker B: Exactly. Or like, you only need a small segment of like, data points be interoperable. And how did that evolve? Well, market forces, right. Oh, this section of data, like this section of kind of assets, this part of composability is necessary. Anyway, it kind of reinforced another belief that I've had, which is like, actually the market will solve some of the composability and fragmentation. I don't know if you caught up. Drake did a thread with the, like, AmA research on Reddit anyway, and someone.
Speaker A: Asked him about how you got to.
Speaker B: Read this post from Drake. And by the way, we schedule, while you're out, we schedule an episode with Drake.
Speaker A: I saw that this week, right?
Speaker B: Either this week or next week. And he wants to come on and just talk about it.
Speaker A: Talk about it.
Speaker B: So it's two things. So the first is Drake goes, and thanks to the strong network effects that come with universal synchronous composability. Think about that. There's strong network effects that come with universal synchronous composability. I expect Ethereum to organically corales and I heal itself through natural market forces. Okay, so natural market forces.
Speaker A: Intense is one of these answers.
Speaker B: Intense is a natural market force that's actually happening. But, but here's the other thing, which is the TBD, which was beyond the scope of the episode that you just did. But super cool. Whilst common knowledge, and you would have heard this on the roll up. Uh, Drake goes, whilst common knowledge that Ethereum can be used as da layer for rollups, few realize that Ethereum can be also used as a shared sequencer.
Speaker A: Right. Yeah, dude, when I heard that, I was like, oh my God, that is a stone I would love to turn over.
Speaker B: My personal thesis is that in a few years, the native Ethereum sequencer will win out as a de facto shared sequencer for roll ups. Ethereum.
Speaker A: Well, I know Justin Drake is. Sorry. Yeah, finish up.
Speaker B: No, no, no, I want to finish that. Okay. Ethereum will regain fundamental and memetic unity and it will be all rainbows in unicorn.
Speaker A: Oh, that's so Chad. I know Justin is super bullish on base sequencers. Base roll ups, which is just uses Ethereum for. And this is, this is, I think this implies an expansion of what it means to be an Ethereum validator because we're giving more roles to Ethereum validators.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And so I think, yeah, I don't, I'm not really an expert on like how much like resource requirements this uses but I think we do all kind of understand that validating is not actually really going to be done by validate buy Raspberry PIs. Although it's nice that it's possible to minimum viable validation is, I don't know.
Speaker B: How much more overhead it is. And we'll talk about all this with Drake, of course, but. Right, fundamentally, instead of just ordering blocks, which is kind of a job for the block space supply network, ending with validators, I suppose you are now ordering, I guess, sequences of chains. Anyway, he'll explain better. So we don't need to get into that. Right?
Speaker A: So smart. It's so giga brain smart. Oh my God.
Speaker B: Anyway, that's cool.
Speaker A: That's so cool.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, I. So what's your take, I guess, on this question? I got this question from the bankless discord and I put a tweet thread like around this and answered it in the bankless citizen discord. And thank you for all citizens who are listening to this. If you're not in the discord, by the way, you should like, we have to be there.
Speaker A: Great to see there in my David ask me anything channel. I have such a backlog. You have a lot to get caught from last week. Yes, the channel, our whole discord is just like three x in activity in the last like three months.
Speaker B: Okay, so here was a question there. Here was a question. Are l two tokens going to go up in price or are they just worthless governance tokens? Okay, so that's a. Another narrative going around that l two tokens are just worthless governance tokens. You vote on a dao, and the dao, what does the dao do? Govern some treasury that gives away all its money, retroactive public goods? Is op giving away all of its money? And so the token bleeds to zero. It's just like a pseudo equity, just a useless governance token. What's your take on this after today's episode?
Speaker A: I think there's always going to be, hey, is this just a useless governance token question? That'll always be a question. I'm glad that the question is being asked because it's one of these things that crypto does to the world, which is like, reveal the emperor without any clothes. And to some degree, some of these are worthless governance tokens, just like Amazon stock and apple stock and intel stock. What is the material impact of your tradfi portfolio being all intel versus Apple? Like, aren't those just worthless governance tokens? And why do they really trade at a particular valuation? It's because of the story and the narrative that we tell each other about, like, well, governance over Apple is actually worth three x more than governance over intel or like, whatever the value. So, like, to some degree, yes, they're all worthless governance tokens. And is that going to inhibit their value capture? That would be a first, because humanity will always trade narratives and stories, because that's what we do. It's why the stock market works in the first place. And so to some degree, yes, and it's not a problem. And to some degree, no, it's not. It's not worthless. Governance tokens because the op token collects 15% of all sequencer fees of every op stack chain that's part of the super chain, is one of a handful of very concrete value accretive models for the op token. Now then that money goes into a treasury, and then the token, the op token, governs over what to do with that treasury. So it's a governance token, but it's literally not worthless. It has a fee model, it collects money. So no, I don't think any of these things are worthless. Governance tokens.
Speaker B: Yeah, that was my take. First of all, I'm not bearish on governance tokens, um, so long as the governance token is tied to cash flows, right? And network effect, because like, that's what equities are. Uh, they're worthless governance tokens, uh, tied to cash flows. Now, equities do have stronger investor protections. I mean, we've done entire episodes kind of exploring these themes. And so the bear case for governance tokens is that they're just like this lower tranche pseudo equity with bad investor rights. They're the things that get diluted and.
Speaker A: Then investor rights, really.
Speaker B: Exactly. And then that's kind of like the case of the uni token right now, which is like, the accrual is not really happening there. They don't have cash flows. I don't think layer twos will be. I think they'll be much closer to true, like, network equities in their governance tokens, because look at Matic and what they're doing with the pull token poll becomes kind of a work token that gives you a share of network profits. Right? I think they are so close to.
Speaker A: Like, I've always loved the work token model.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's the taxicab medallion model. We've done like episodes on this too.
Speaker A: This is old bankless.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's just like, sharing cash flows to stakers is kind of the model. So I do think that these things all become like network equities, but I'll just reemphasize that the killer advantage layer twos have in comparison to an alternative layer one, which is like, like a strategy to compete against. This is the block space profit game, okay? Like, remember what they're doing, they are taking Ethereum block space and then the.
Speaker A: Most valuable block space in the industry.
Speaker B: They are purchasing a little bit of it and then they are marking that up and they are reselling it, okay? What they are not doing is, is having to pay for their entire chain security, or super chain security by issuing their own native token. They don't have to issue any op or arbitrum in order to pay for security. If you are an alternative layer one, if you are a cosmos chain today, on your own floating, what you have to do is you have to bootstrap your military defense, your police and military defense, okay? In order to do that, you have to pay them something. What do you pay them? Hope in the future of your change by diluting your base token and like paying that out. And that is a cost to the network and so, or a cost to existing holders. That, and some people say, well, if everyone's staking, then it's just basically balances out, okay? But still, remember, you are competing, you're competing against a chain that doesn't have to pay any of those expenses. And they can always be more profitable. To me, it's actually the reason LTus work so well is economics. Now, the last thing I'll say, and I'm wondering if you agree with this, is this is all part of my answer in the bankless discord, by the way, that's why you guys should join, is I think there's a case for like alternative layer ones to do this, like bait and switch type of tactic, which actually could work. Brilliant. So alternative layer one, like Solana, doesn't care about profitability right now, okay? What it cares about is going full throttle to acquire users apps, network effects, okay? By diluting sole holders. Sole holders don't care, especially during the bull market because like new numbers going up, more than that and new inflows. So, so what you do is you do this, you don't care about block space profitability. This is similar to what Amazon did in the early days, right? Bezos didn't care about profitability of his chain. In fact, what he did, his chain, the Amazon chain, he didn't care about profitability of Amazon. In fact, what he did was he told everyone, we're going to be unprofitable. And so all the shareholders who are like, I don't want. This is not a value stock. They just left. Okay? They just left.
Speaker A: And good. Yeah.
Speaker B: And he was left with a cohort of people who are, like, buying Amazon shares. God doesn't care about profitability because he's just pouring it back in the business. Okay. This could be an approach something like Solana uses. All right? And then the minute that profitability becomes a main going concern, what they do is they do bait and switch. Oh, we're roll up now. Right? And now we have profitable block space. Like, they could do that at any time. Right? So this is actually, I actually don't think, like, you can get an in this, in this thesis or in this analysis. It doesn't necessarily mean bearish alternative layer ones, because the pivot to roll up.
Speaker A: Is always open, always on the table. It's always on the table. As soon as they've hit their limits of market penetration, they're like, oh, okay, well, then, now it's time to flip. And the thing is, you can't. If Solana wants to flip into profitability, they have a social contract, or any layer one, monolithic layer one that wants to have cheap fees. They have a social contract to have cheap fees. But there's a tension there between cheap fees and profitability. The narrative is that you make it up on volume.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: Like, well, every fee, every transaction is going to be cheap, and we're just going to have, like, 10 million of them, and then we'll be profitable because we're selling 10 million transactions every, like, minute for a penny each. And you make a profit that way because of the margins. Um, the critique of that model is that the hardware costs are just too large and issuance costs are just too large. And then if you actually do want that to be profitable, to pay for your very expensive hardware, because that's what really, they've juiced up the hardware, they've juiced up the bandwidth cost, they juice up the resource costs, uh, to make that cheapness happen. And if you want to become profitable, like, users are going to experience fees. Uh, and, and so, like, there's a social contract that Solana has established for its block space, which is super cheap, which comes at the cost of being profitable. And so if they want to flip into profitability, it's hard to do that as a layer one because you will become expensive. And then all of your apps that were built on top of a platform that promised very cheap fees are no longer experiencing very cheap fees because now you are focusing on profitability.
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker A: It was an even additional pressure to, like, flip into a rollout model. Will Solana ever do this? I don't think so, because there's a lot of just, like, entrenchment and ego and momentum involved. But as a model for layer ones, I think it works.
Speaker B: They won't do it as long as they're, like, succeeding with this model. But it's just like, even if you are an l two bull and you think l two s will eat the world and Ethereum settlement will kind of eat the world, there's like a, like, there's a strong bull case, I think, for some alternative layer ones that just go complete, like, user acquisition. Because why? Because they always have this hidden option to pivot to a roll up at any point in time. It's like, I don't think it's that difficult. And anyway, I do think some ethereums have been kind of, like, blind to that as a possibility, but under that framework, it kind of like, it could make sense. Right. That was one thought I've had recently. What else you got, David?
Speaker A: That's cool. Um, let's see what else you want to explore in the layer two space. Um, I want to explore more on. On rasses, bro. I'm so fucking bullish on wrasses.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: There's really only two leaders. There's conduit and Caldera. There's, there's others, but those are the two big ones, I think.
Speaker B: Um, that's cool. And I think that they are. They know a lot. Um, I'm actually kind of bullish. Zora is what I would say. Um, I think that that's kind of like a dark horse contender that people aren't talking about, but they are.
Speaker A: Zora fans love Zora.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker A: I think very committed base.
Speaker B: That would be something that we could look at. Obviously, base will be huge in 2024. I do think that the whole Da layer has to be talked about. And I see there's Celestia here, there's Eigen Lair, which brings a lot of.
Speaker A: Celestia versus Eigen Daev versus the eventual full dank sharding in 2025.
Speaker B: That's what it seems to be. I think that these are all topics. One other area of interest to me is like, so I tweeted basically the summary of profitable block space might why I'm bullish on lt tokens and someone from the salonic community. I think he's got a podcast, harp. Do you know Garrett Harper?
Speaker A: Yeah, harp. Yeah, he's the light Speed Lightspeed podcast.
Speaker B: He said there's no reason Solana won't be a master settlement chain. Everything is converging. It's all about community, apps, new users at this point, so.
Speaker A: Master settlement chain.
Speaker B: Well, I use that term. Okay, so, like, I think there's a question whether some of these monolithic chains actually, like, don't really mean it. Actually, like, kind of pivot into roll ups. Um, wait.
Speaker A: Basically, what he's saying, if. If he's saying it, Solana, there's no reason why Solana can't be a master settlement chain. To me, that means it's never going to pivot. It's always going to be a layer one.
Speaker B: No, I.
Speaker A: Settlement is layer one.
Speaker B: To me, the context. Um, you know, the context here in which I was using is Ethereum is a master settlement chain for other, um, chains and roll ups. And so I think what he's implying is, like, well, salon could just do that too. So it. Right here, it could be not only.
Speaker A: Like, there's, like, a growing layer two on Solana conversation.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's. That's what I want to talk about. I just want to be like, oh, okay.
Speaker A: Yeah, right. You're opening up a huge can of worms I thought you were not prepared for.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, it's probably convergence. Probably necessary. I mean, we are seeing convergence.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Even bitcoin wants layer twos.
Speaker A: Oh, my God, bro, we have to talk about Eigen layering cosmos, man. We haven't even. We need to do that.
Speaker B: So there's lots to unpack this year, guys. And we'll be covering it. We'll be talking about it.
Speaker A: We're so behind on the content we need to produce. Fuck these mountains. Excuse my language.
Speaker B: All right, guys, this has been the roll up.
Speaker A: The roll up. The debrief.
Speaker B: The debrief, which is a roll up of the episode. I don't know what it is.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think so. I think so.
Speaker B: Side chain.
Speaker A: I think so. Some users definitely treat it as such.
Speaker B: All right, guys, see you later. Bye, guys.
