Speaker A: Hey, guys. Welcome to the debrief after episode with Kathie Wood and Ophelia Snyder. I liked Ophelia. She is a kind of a cool person that she's been in crypto for a while, but I don't know, just for whatever reason, our paths haven't crossed and.
Speaker B: Yeah, she's more on the trifle, right? Yeah. Tradfi.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Kind of like two degrees of separation away from bankless, I'd call it.
Speaker A: Yeah. And, you know, Kathy mentioned about 2 billion in assets. That's pretty significant, right?
Speaker B: That's not small.
Speaker A: It's like, I think I've looked at 21 shares. Cause I've been aware of 21 shares. I think Milton Demirs did some work with 21 shares. She's still involved?
Speaker B: No, she's at coin fund.
Speaker A: I was just very, very aware of the fact that Europe has all of these products, these ETF type products, and we don't, the US doesn't, and just kind of looking over the fence and being a little jealous of that. How come Europe has this? How come Canada does this? Why can't America just do it like the unsaid thing? And I think that probably Cathy and Ophelia don't want to talk too much smack about Gary Gensler. Like three weeks before.
Speaker B: Yeah. We didn't even invoke his name. Huh?
Speaker A: No. I mean, we could have, but, like, I just don't think they would be interested in engaging on that. Like, it's just like, that's the guy whose blessing they need to get this across the finish line. Right? So now's not the time.
Speaker B: I'm sure they love Gary Gensler. We love Gary Gensler.
Speaker A: I mean, that's the, like, you know, Ophelia was talking about, well, hey, this is how the american system works. And this is how all ETF's have to go through this kind of, like, gauntlet. And I'm just like, that's fine. Except for the fact that there is this mini boss named Gary Gensler who's been just a gatekeeper and blocker. And we could have different, with a different SEC chair, could have had this product in the US like five years ago. It was like the, we were ready for a bitcoin ETF long before January 2024. And he has been dragged kicking and screaming for this product. And who knows if we'll be able to get an Ethereum ETF and buy him while he's chair of this administration. So that's kind of like the unspoken thing, you know, Cathie Wood is very complimentary of the people in the SEC doing research, and they're really putting their work. I guess. I guess they are. But like, yeah, Gary Gensler has been the one putting the kibosh on this. And I feel like that's a flaw in the system in the US. Like, one regulator can just gatekeep, you know, like all of these products. That doesn't seem right.
Speaker B: I think the way that affiliate was saying things is like, yeah, but if it wasn't Gary, it would have been someone else. And it was just kind of historically vibing to say that. Just like, yeah, like, you don't just waltz into getting your ETF. You got to earn it, right? You gotta. And you gotta earn it by, like, getting hazed and bullied by a regulator. And we're like, well, that's kind of dumb. And she's like, well, that's kind of just the way that it is.
Speaker A: That's their job, to be brakes.
Speaker B: Exactly. Big old brakes.
Speaker A: If they're hitting the brakes too hard, then the court system will just, like, rein them in and fix it and then fix it.
Speaker B: And that is the process. That is not an anomaly. That is actually the default. I don't know to what degree that that's true, but, like, that's kind of what I was hearing from her. And it's like, it's closer to, like, the status quo than what crypto people are being led on.
Speaker A: I do think so. I think that's the kind of the arc of history, basically. It's like we're a little in the trenches and we have kind of like, these personalities and these enemies. Like, no, Gary can't stop a bitcoin ETF or an ethereum ETF. He can slow it down, but he can't stop it. And we're like, the machine is much bigger than these individual kind of mini bosses. And so we're just. I mean, your take partway through the conversation is kind of interesting. You were like, so are you saying this is just working the way it's supposed to? Like, we're right on course, and I think there's an element of like, that's true. We kind of forget this. But crypto is still a super new asset class. It's 13 years in, and we're already to the ETF stage. That's not too bad, is it?
Speaker B: If you kind of compare the two ends of crypto, the absolute degenerate wild west scams, hacks, dog coins, meme coins, blah, blah, blah, all the embarrassing side of crypto, and then on the other side of the barbell, we're getting like bitcoin ETF's. It's like, okay, you know what? It's okay.
Speaker A: There's another take I like there, which is basically Cathie woods take that. Even if institutional allocators hate bitcoin and hate crypto, they still gotta allocate for like, you know, sharp ratios and risk adjusted returns and portfolio diversification.
Speaker B: It doesn't even matter what the name is or what the asset is. It's just like, what do the numbers look like? And do the numbers fit? And to some degree the numbers fit and to any degree, that amount, amount of fitting is worth, you know, millions and millions and then potentially billions of dollars of buy pressure.
Speaker A: Yeah, it doesn't even matter. I mean, it could be like, they don't have to have a personal take on it, and it's just kind of, the numbers are forcing them into a position of they can't have zero allocated to this asset class. So it's really. Yeah, she, she was comparing this to like an asset class, like real estate, right? Where it's like, you know, or store value asset, like, like gold or something like this, right? It's just an entire asset that these massive trillions of dollars like funds and custodians need to allocate to. So that's kind of cool.
Speaker B: Do you think we're ever going to enter a veblen good era of bitcoin narrative in that there's a lot of people that just can't buy bitcoin because it's not big enough? I don't know if that's no longer true because bitcoin is $750 billion ish at this point in time.
Speaker A: But like, define a Veplin good is. That's the type of good that, like, it's a luxury type product like that. The more expensive it is, the higher demand. Right? That's a veble.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. Like, like, it's some, it's usually as price goes up, demand goes down. But a veblen good is inverted to that. And so eth block space, ethereum block space is a fantastic, fantastic example of a veblen good. Like when gas. Gas fees are higher, it's usually because block spaces becomes even in more demand. It's a little bit of a frenzy ish. It's a little bit of a bubble, to be honest. Um, but like, yeah, so like.
Speaker A: Or, like, luxury goods are like this, right?
Speaker B: Like, luxury goods are like, this Gucci.
Speaker A: Purse is worth more because, like, it's expensive. If it was not expensive, the demand would decrease if it was, like, you perceived as cheap or inexpensive. But, like, if you ratchet up the price, then there's more demand for this kind of luxury.
Speaker B: Yeah. A beveling good is a type of product or commodity for which the demand increases as the price increases. A phenomenon that contradicts the basic law of demand and economics. And so this, I think this made a lot more sense, or maybe last cycles bear market where, like, bitcoin was like under 200 billion and ether was like 30 billion, and we literally did not have access to capital, like, but, and to some degree, like, Blackrock's, like, what, $4 trillion asset under management. Like, bitcoin 750 billion is, like, still really cute in comparison to what buy pressure that could be. And so, like, the idea is that bitcoin needs to become a higher price and grow in liquidity in order to unlock the buyers of a higher order.
Speaker A: Oh, yes. For a store of value. I think it's true for different reasons, though. Okay. So I think that obviously, the more saleable and the more liquid that your store of value asset is, so the larger the market size and the inflows and outflows and kind of a daily basis, the deeper the liquidity, the more demand there's going to be for that store of value, because just easier to exit. It's easier to enter. Easier to exit. So from that perspective, it's true. Where I take the meaning of epilen good is a little bit different, though. It's just more like kind of like a luxury product for, like, affluent consumers. And I thought where you're going with this is like owning one bitcoin. For a rich dude to own one bitcoin and now costs like $40,000 because the pure luxury good, veblen good aspect of bitcoin never made as much sense to me because, like, it's infinitely fungible. You can always own, like, you know, five sats or whatever you want. But there is that bitcoin kind of thing of, well, only 21 million millionaires can own one bitcoin. And so if they want to own one bitcoin, then now the price of entrance to that ticket is 40,000, and soon it'll be 100,000.
Speaker B: No, I'm mostly talking about, just, like, there is higher and higher tiers of capital out there. And so, like, central banks, for example, are not going to buy bitcoin until it's, like, at least a $5 trillion asset. But then once we achieve a $5 trillion market cap, all of a sudden more buyers come in, like, oh, okay.
Speaker A: Whatever.
Speaker B: We call that, whatever phenomenon, whatever effect that is. Yeah. It's not. It's not necessarily about the status. It's just like, oh, as you become more valuable, you get more buyers. Like, that's awesome. And I think an ETF could really be just, like, the start of a fire of unlocking that, because first you unlock access towards, you know, all of the retail buyers, all the asset managers, all those. Those people.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And then, you know, and then, you know, price goes up, and what is the best marketing for crypto ever number go up. You know, this. And so that attracts new buyers. And then all of a sudden, like, you have institutional people like FOMO in, and all of a sudden, you're, like, breaching 2 trillion, $3 trillion of assets, and all of a sudden, people are like, you know what? Like, let's diversify into a larger part of our portfolio, because this thing is no longer like that. Like, it's no longer niche. Right. And so, like, the number of. Just, like, the way that the ball could roll. There's a number of hills that the ball could roll down.
Speaker A: Yeah. I have two other thoughts for you. One is, I thought it was interesting where Ophelia was talking about how we think of a digital bear asset as a feature. And that's fantastic, because now you can be independent, you can be bankless, and it totally is a feature, and it's good for the world. And I love that self sovereign individual all the way. That is a bug if you are. If you are a long has been.
Speaker B: What we said is, like, this is our opportunity because that's awesome for us and shitty for them.
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. And that's. It starts awesome for us so we can front run them, because if you are managing somebody else's funds, that is the. That is such a bug. Like, you do not want to, like, be responsible for their private keys, do you? Oh, my God. No. You're not responsible for any of their other private keys. So if you're a poor little registered investment advisor, do you want the burden of, like, having to, like, be wrench attacked or, like, just, like. Like, be respons you a fat finger, a transaction and, oops, sorry, your money's gone. Like, that's how you end up in jail. Like, that's how you get sued. Like, that's not.
Speaker B: Yeah, you get sued mainly. That's the big one.
Speaker A: And the. Most of the money. Most of the non crypto money around the world is managed in that way. It's managed by somebody who has fiduciary responsibility of somebody else's money. And so the fact that this is a digital bearer asset is, like, necessarily brings in their liquidity kind of second. And they need products like this. That's why I think I understood that the ETF was a big deal. But this kind of put a finer point on it. It's like, oh, okay, now I understand. Because this is an out of the box easy button for all of the people who manage other people's money, which is, like, 95% of assets out there. They now have an easy button to allocate. And before that, they didn't just use fire blocks, just use a coinbase account or something like that. That doesn't work. They need a product like an ETF in order to actually start allocating to it.
Speaker B: The whole meme of just, like, crypto is so hard. You have to manage your own private keys. It's super confusing. The level of how true that is has got to be correlated with, like, how little people have actually bought the thing, the damn thing. Because all of that capital that got, you know, derailed from ever buying bitcoin because of how complicated it is, is now just going to buy the ETF. Yeah.
Speaker A: And, you know, that thing. So I think it's sufficiently hard to kind of manage your own private keys. Right. It's like, that's hard. It's hard for one individual, but it's like, it's doable. I mean, he's like, it's not that hard. Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah. You need to be motivated.
Speaker A: Imagine managing a thousand people's, like, right. Private keys like this.
Speaker B: Right. Or on your metamask, account number one. Oh, that's Mary Smith. That's number two. Oh, that's John. John Doe. Oh, account number three. Like, what? You have your metamask. You're like, you're my client.
Speaker A: Absolute nightmare. Like, you can't. So it's, like, biased towards one individual. I mean, I guess you could. Or, like. Or, like, groups with kind of, like a multisig. But it is nothing good tech for, like, managing a thousand people's accounts. There's many financial advisors, basically do that. I guess the other thing I was thinking of, whenever I talk about a bitcoin ETF or any sort of crypto ETF, I still have. Remember Ben Hunt, the episodes we did with Ben Hunt?
Speaker B: Sure. Oh, yeah. Bitcoin jazz hands.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. So, yeah. What's bitcoin jazz hands? You should explain that for people who haven't caught the Ben hunt take on it.
Speaker B: Was it's really bitcoin. Jazz has funnier, but it's really bitcoin. Tm. It's like commercialized bitcoin. It's. It's inside of the silo bitcoin. It's not Wild west bitcoin. So there's now two different versions of bitcoin. You have on chain self sovereign, bankless bitcoin, and then you have gated KYC packaged up ERC 20. What your. Your metaphor? ERC 20 inside of tradfi. Like that. That silo proved for us house cat bitcoin. Right? Yeah. So, like, yeah, yeah, you have. You have bitcoin, which, like, I remember in 2018, bitcoin was like, the whole narrative there. It was like, it is the apex predator of money because, like, it's just a better money. It's like progression's law is just going to gobble up all the other monies and now it's just been packaged up and it's like, it's been declawed, it's been defanged, it's been, like, indoctrinated. It's now inside of the system and everyone is like, oh, I love house cats. I don't want a lion. I don't want to. Don't give me the lion. I would like a house cat, please. And everyone can take a house cat and they can take it home with them because this is what bitcoin is exactly. Bitcoin. Tm. Neutered bitcoin.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Banker bitcoin.
Speaker B: Banker bitcoin.
Speaker A: Ben Hunt's take was just like, I like the narrative of bitcoin. He's like, but the nation state's never going to allow you to have this thing. And he's like, you know, let me tell you what the nation state will do to your, like, global revolution of money. It will basically isolate it to a corner in the way it's done with, like, gold. Like, his argument is they've totally defanged gold. Who owns the gold? Like, do you own gold? No. You own an IOu for gold. It's not a self sovereign money unless you actually have gold bars in your house. Very few people do, and it's not in size. Right? And so his take was like, yeah, you're preaching this revolution, but you know what you're going to end up with? You're just going to end up with this stupid, kind of, like, defang domesticated cat asset class, not the revolution of money. And that, I guess, the man is.
Speaker B: Going to get you.
Speaker A: Yeah, basically, that's always been his kind of more cynical take on crypto. And it's always echoes in the back of my head when I think about, like, okay, who's the tail and who's the dog, right? Like, what's wagging? What here? And if we have, like, blackrock, bitcoin, and ark 21 shares bitcoin and all that's like. And it all ends up in, like, coinbase custody or something like this, or fidelity or something like this, then what do we actually have here? And does that become the kind of the force that is pushing down to the layer one and the layer zero and choosing forks? And do they actually become kind of the main event here? And do we end up with another banker asset and not the revolution that we all signed up for? That was Ben Hunt's take on his warning. His warning for where we more than a warning. It's also his prediction. He's like, I think you guys won't be able to revolt against the nation state on money. This is where you'll end up, right?
Speaker B: Interestingly, this is me regurgitating something I remember Nick Carter saying on a podcast. So I need. That needs to be fact checked because I'm just repeating something that I heard, which is most my knowledge. There's inside gold and outside gold. And if you have a chunk of gold at home and you want to turn that into a bitcoin ETF share and get the inside gold, you actually can't do that. And you also can't redeem gold. I mean, you can. It's just extremely laborious. All of this gold is, like, serialized, and so it's made, not fungible, because the process of transferring gold, like, requires trust, and that takes labor and work. And so there's this gold that's been serialized and captured and put into vaults and inside of these local networks that outside gold is not fungible with. And you can't cross that barrier because these gold ETF products need to know account for the gold that they have. And so there's like, it's very much like the outside, you know, gold jewelry, gold nuggets, fungible gold, and then there's the inside, serialized, processed, you know, inside gold. And so we're seeing that same process with bitcoin. And this is the thing that we've been starting, why one of the big motivations of bankless is so focused on Ethereum. Because back in the early days, we saw this coming. It's like, well, how are you going to have a financial system without a native defi on YouTube, right? And so like, one of the big resistances that Ethereum has against this process is that there's things to do that is the, you know, true ERC 20 token of Ethereum, because ether inside of Aave is an ERC 20 token. Right. And so we actually have incentives for you to not put your ether into an ETF because you can go take it to Defi and remain bankless and remain self sovereign. And bitcoin doesn't have that opposing force. And so we've always kind of thought like, it's going, you're going to get yield on your bitcoin by loaning out your bitcoin ETF shares. Right. It's good. It's going to be a black hole for all of the bitcoins and it doesn't have an opposing force to fight that.
Speaker A: Right? Yeah. That is the value of native eth on chain is that you can integrate it into like the banking experience of the ethereum economy, whereas bitcoin does not have that function. In order to integrate it into the banking economy, you have to convert it to a literal ERC 20 on Ethereum, or like in tradfi, convert it to a bitcoin ETF and then it's kind of present there.
Speaker B: Since the ether ETF's inside of America are not going to be staked, at least for the foreseeable future, that's what is going to happen. It's going to be vanilla eth ETF. The benefit of having ether ETF in your own wallet, controlled by you and staking by you is like they are. All of the ether in the ETF's is just actually going to increase the yields for actually true Eth stakers because it's not going to be staked. So there's going to be in this insane demand for ether coming from the Ether ETF. And all of the ether stakers who are just going to enjoy uncompetitive staking yields because all of that ether is not going to be fighting for yield.
Speaker A: Yeah. And this is part of the reason just in general, even for bitcoin, though, like Ethereum, I think has some more protections against becoming like a banker ethereum or banker eth, or like, you know, in the way that banker bitcoin might. I actually just think Ben Hunt's kind of wrong on this. I actually think that this is a bit more of a trojan horse than he knows or thinks. I actually think bitcoin being adopted and ether being adopted by Blackrock and by everyone else is kind of like the path towards legitimacy and acceptance.
Speaker B: It's a trojan horse both ways. Yeah, both are trojan horses.
Speaker A: But I think that we win a little bit more than they win.
Speaker B: I do think we do.
Speaker A: And maybe the faith in that is, like. I just. I think that at the end of the day, it comes back to kind of the validators that run layer one. It's not blackrock, so it's like, what are the money printers of bitcoin or ethereum? It's kind of like the layer one and the layer zero, like, social fork of, like, nodes and validators and miners. Right. That's kind of the layer one. And so they don't control that with fiat. They actually control that. Right. The layer one of fiat is like Jerome Powell, Jay Powell. And the layer zero of that is like the nation state, the United States constitution is supposed to be by the government, all of this sort of thing. But, like, we have a different substrate, so they're building on top of our shit. We're not building on their shit. And that's why I think that we have an advantage. And why I'm, like, I'm much more hopeful than Ben Hunt is that we don't end up with, like, there will be bitcoin, tm, but there'll also still be bitcoin. Always. There will be bitcoin, and there will be ethereum, tm, but there will also be always.
Speaker B: You can always exit.
Speaker A: Yeah, we can fork.
Speaker B: If. If they let. If they let us withdraw from coinbase into a self hosted wallet. Self hosted wallet. If they don't let us do that, oh, we're in trouble.
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. But, like, we have. I mean, it's much easier to custody around bitcoin than it is to custody your own gold bars in your, like, in your freaking house or, like, move it or transport like we have. I'm just much more optimistic than Ben Hunt is that we are able to sustain this. This kind of, like, layer one of bankless people and zealots. And anyway, they'll help with our liquidity, they'll help with our legitimacy, and they'll make it such that they'll be our exit.
Speaker B: Liquidity. Is that what you're saying?
Speaker A: I mean, there's an element of. Yeah, there's an element of that, right? Yeah, I mean, I think they're going to basically bring all of the fiat assets into, like, into our ecosystem, into our domain. But I do recognize there's a trade off there, and it could be wrong, and it could be the case that Blackrock gets big and evil and does banker things and they probably will and we need to defend against that. And so I'm excited about the ETF product right now, but I also know that this is the seeds of a new boss that we may have to fight down the road.
Speaker B: Yeah. Well, on that note, Merry Christmas.
Speaker A: Merry Christmas, everybody. Wow. Yeah. Are you excited about 2024? Like, what's, what do you think about?
Speaker B: I'm super excited. I'm very, very excited. It kind of dawned on me in the last like ten days or so. I take a little break to go ice climbing and then, and then go skiing and just like taking a step away I think was really helpful just to get like kind of rallied up for 2024.
Speaker A: I'm gonna go take my step away because I need that, because I need to re energize for next year. It's gonna be a big one. So thankless nation, thank you for hanging with us. This has been the debrief.
