Speaker A: Welcome to Debrief after our episode with Ben and Jesse on base and the super chain. David, I think you put it well. We've been training for this our whole time. It feels like a culmination of a lot of ideas here. I'll throw out a few. The digital nation states scaling ethereum, what that looks like in the future, individualism versus collectives, how this structure scales out to the rest of the world, I don't know. There's a lot of things we could talk about. Where do you want to start?
Speaker B: Gosh, probably the debrief listeners know this because they've been listening to bankless. But I'll just say it again. I was getting into crypto 2017 ico mania. Everything was crazy. I couldn't tell what was up from down because I'm coming into the world about computer science and money and economics. And I was a psych major, so I had no skills to be able to navigate this world. And I just randomly stumbled on this website, cryptoeconomics got study from Carl Florsch, who is one of Ben's co creators, co founders of optimism. And I was listening to Carl Florsch talk about nonces and digital signatures and merkle trees and crypto economics. And in this sea of shit that was 2017, of ice Creos and white papers, there was this guy who kept on using hamsters as this metaphor to explain stuff. Cause for, I don't know, it was his deal, but he was so clearly a this, like, bright, energetic, technically savvy kid that I'm pretty sure he's younger than me, who was explaining very deep technical terms to me in this way that was inherently values driven and optimistic and excited for the future. And so, like in 2017, when you're in your first year of going down the crypto rabbit hole and you're still trying to get your bearings, the vibe stood out to me very, very well. And this was right in the inception of plasma group, if you remember, the plasma calls, the plasma implementers calls, and I would listen to the plasma implementers calls, trying to get alpha, trying to stay ahead of the curve.
Speaker A: Plasma, for people who don't know, was one of Ethereum's original scaling technologies, didn't quite pan out, but it pivoted into what we now know as rollups, but.
Speaker B: Right, yeah. So a lot of the optimism team came from the plasma implementers calls, because if you take plasma and add fraud proofs, you get optimistic rollups. And that was.
Speaker A: You added EVM, right. Weren't mostly chains, just like, you know, payment channels. Yeah, payment channels.
Speaker B: Fractal payment plan channels. Yeah, that's right. And so, and I, so to me, the optimism story is almost synonymous with the Ethereum story happening in parallel. Because Ethereum, as a base layer, you knew that it wasn't necessarily going to be the final form of Ethereum. That's why we were doing exploring scaling strategies even under the full expression of execution, charting. Ethereum was never going to host every single transaction under the sun. We were always going to need layer twos. We had this kid, Carl Florsche, I actually knew. I met Carl Florsch before I met Ben or Jing. And to me, he and them just represent the microcosm of Ethereum, which is like, let's take Ethereum, but let's blossom it into the super chain before we even had the super chain. And so seeing the arc of the super chain finally develop, because they were having some of these very deep conversations, and so they knew that they needed to solve governance alongside technical scaling at the same time, because they saw these things ultimately converge. And so the final form of where we are today is such a strong commitment to the original vision that they saw back in like 2018. And now it's finally here in 2023. So it's just like another, it's just like, it gives me faith that, like, we have these good people building out these committing to this vision and actually getting there. And so to me, it's just like, you gotta love it when a plan comes together, man.
Speaker A: It really is, it's a, it's sort of a long time coming, I guess. Maybe I want to go back to 2018 for a minute too. Right. And so you might mentioned sort of this vibe that Carl had. What was it called?
Speaker B: Very optimistic vibe. Yeah. Cryptoeconomics study.
Speaker A: Yeah, cryptoeconomics study. I too partook of Carl at that time. This was before we met, by the way. I really enjoyed his enthusiasm. I will say at that time, it was really hard still, even though I loved the vibe of Carl, to separate Carl from some of the other sort of layer two state channel. And we didn't even call them layer twos back then. It was more like plasma state channel type of projects. So, Omisego, do you remember that project?
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker A: That was purported to be sort of a plasma. This is how you scale Ethereum network went absolutely freaking nowhere. A complete boondoggle also. Loom network. Do you remember this?
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, they do.
Speaker A: Okay, loom network. David, fun fact, I was a validator on the loom network. I actually ran infrastructure for those networks, but on Ethereum, yeah, Georgios from now he's at paradigm. He used to work for loom. He was like one of their core tech guys, another smart person. I was like, oh, this guy knows. Anyway, amidst the kind of the signal that turned out to be Carl, and if you followed him to the optimism project, there were all of these decoys as well, all of these false kind of start. And that's why you kind of go back there and you're like, well, of course this is obvious. Of course this would happen. But it wasn't obvious. It's not obvious at the time that we'd get here. And so, yeah, it's cool that a plan came together and that people stuck with it and we're dedicated to actually scaling Ethereum. And here it is. I mean, this is a publicly traded company, I would argue maybe the most important, one of the top five most important crypto companies in the world. And they are building. No, no. Well, I mean, I don't consider optimism companies so much as Coinbase. They are building a Fortune 500 company. They are building out a layer two using this tech stack. If you told me that was going to happen in 2018, I would have been blown away at the progress that we've made. And they're seeing success. Look, I mean, two weeks, we have 700,000 active addresses. We're going to be blown past the doors of a million daily active users. We already have the scale of Ethereum on top of base. We've got some really unique breakout types of applications, or at least classes of applications. Yeah, you're right. Right. We're doing it. I mean, the plan, it's coming together. It's actually working, which is, which is cool to see.
Speaker B: Yeah, the optimism strategy has been very interesting. There was this thumb war between optimism and arbitrum about EVM equivalents. Remember that? Remember that? About a year ago. And so they were going back on like who?
Speaker A: No one talks about that now. No one cares about that.
Speaker B: No one talks about that. Well, first it started as EVM compatibility, and this was when o the OEVM, the optimistic Ethereum virtual machine, realized that their lines of diff, their difference in code, was going to hold them back immensely. And so that's when they pivoted. The OEVM was Unipig, if you remember, that was what Unipig ran on. And then they was like, okay, there's a diff here and we actually need to eliminate the diff. And so we need to recaptured everything.
Speaker A: Right, right.
Speaker B: And so becoming Ethereum compatible, but then they wanted to go, excuse me, EVM compatible. And then upgrading that to EVM equivalents is like, oh, no, let's just actually do the EVM on the layer two and completely byte, like, almost down to the bytecode, like have complete diff minimization. And then it scaled up to Ethereum equivalents. It just go in from EVM compatibility to EVM equivalents to Ethereum equivalents. And now this is where we're at with Ethereum equivalents, which is why, like, the optimism strategy has been to scale Ethereum, to scale Ethereum's values. And so that's because they're going after this evm, this ethereum equivalents. And then you build the op stack, which is like the closest thing to Ethereum possible, and then make it free and open source and forkable so that there can be 10,000 ethereums bloom. Except the only difference here is now there's this coordination layer, which is the optimism collective. And so, like, this is where, like, the, you have the credibly neutral, um, base layer to Ethereum, which is not a digital society, is not a digital nation. It is just a protocol, as credibly neutral as possible. But then you have the optimism governance, which is not credibly neutral. They believe in public goods. And so this is the public goods network. And it's like, well, there's a public goods network that's built on the optimism collective, which is the collective that's focused on providing 15% of all of this block space revenue towards public goods. And to me, this is like why you can look at crypto and say, this is good for the future. Because, like, you could have had, like, the optimism collective, but instead it was created by Evil Corp. And instead of public goods, it could be going towards financing, like, you know, murders and drugs and gambling, the evil side of the world. But like, the optimists figured out the strategy, figured out that they had to fight, fight the governance fight, too, had they had to get down to Ethereum equivalents, and then they had to execute. And to me, the fact that optimism is getting coinbase on chain and then all of the other op stack chains that are forked, to me, it's just like refulfilling my faith in humanity. Because the optimists won. Well, they haven't won yet, but, like, the optimists are doing it. And so, like, we're the, one of the lines I like to tweet out, which is always a sub sub tweet of optimism, is that the optimists will inherit the earth. Like, if you're going to be a founder, if you're going to be found. Optimistic founders, I think, are just more bullish than pessimistic founders, because you have to believe in a better future. I'm going off in many different directions here, but to me, the fact that this ecosystem that instantiates optimism and belief in the future and public goods at its core, base principles, and is also the team that is getting 10,000 chains to spawn off of the layer two using the op stack. It's just like, this is why we're here. This is why we're doing this.
Speaker A: I think you definitely have a kind of a soft spot for this messaging. The messaging, I think I see it. I guess I'll maybe take a more pragmatic approach to this, too, which is.
Speaker B: Just one less idealist.
Speaker A: Yeah, less idealist. I think optimism's approach is a strategy. It's a strategy like any other kind of darwinistic, survive and reproduce type of strategy that a particular ecosystem of layer twos is taking. And I know that there are reasons why you very much identify with this strategy, but let me take a pragmatic, almost like a Hasu type of approach to it. What you're calling public goods is like their 15% tax, essentially. And that tax goes to fund the public goods. Yes, generally, I guess, for ethereum, and that's great. And also more specifically for optimism, in order to propagate more chains and to build kind of the optimism network, I think that other layer two ecosystems are taking a different type of path and strategy. So whereas optimism is taking very much the fork me, please, as open source as possible, and what they're trying to do is capture all of the chains back and gain their allegiance at the governance layer through this law of chains. I don't know. That inherently resonates with me, but also, I'm just identifying that it's also a success strategy that they're taking. Do you know what I mean? They very much want to be the network of chains that propagates the most. I would give it kind of an example. The way I see this play out now, and this is maybe different than I did two years ago, is I used to think Ethereum was like the digital nation, and there's elements where that's true. I don't think that so much anymore, actually, to me.
Speaker B: Well, it's adapted, right? It used to be the digital nation when it was a monolithic chain, and now it's not a monolithic chain anymore.
Speaker A: What's happening to me is that Ethereum is. Yeah. Like we were talking about in the episode, kind of become a substrate for these networks of digital nations. So what I see being built on optimism is like the united chains of optimism. Basically, that's what they're building. They're building this network of chains. They're propagating it through a strategy, and then they're unifying it through this law of chains social structure and basically a governance token. Right. You know the approach to give retroactive public goods to coinbase of 2.7%. Right, of op tokens and call that like a retroactive public good. You could also call that just marketing budget. Do you know what I mean? You could just call that an incentive for just joining the network, which, like, is rational. And I kind of, I, you know, I get it. It's just their particular strategy. I think that other layer two ecosystems will also do this. So I think we'll. I mean, Polygon has their kind of network of chains ecosystem. Arbitrum hat has their network of chains ecosystem. The scrolls and the ZK EVms will have their network of chain ecosystems. And I do think there will be some borders here, there will be trade zones between them, there will be unions. So do you know how basically, the West, Europe, the United States and other countries are sort of under this protected shield of the United States economy and army and all of these things and military prowess? In the same way, I think all of these Ethereum layer twos are under sort of the security apparatus of Ethereum, but they're also distinct nations, federation of nations themselves. And that's how I'm starting to see the layer twos kind of shape up where you're going to have this federation of states that are optimism aligned and then polygon aligned and arbitrarilyned. And they'll probably interoperate, they'll probably trade, but I think they will be distinct things. And they also have, like, alternative layer ones like Solana, let's say, that will operate pariah states. Yeah, there will be pariah states, and there are pariah states. Right. But like, let's say legitimate sort of governance systems. Right. I don't know if we're getting too political, politically inclined if we equate all of this to the nation state, but do you know there's some sort of, you know, different axis of power or different military? I'm trying to avoid saying Russia or China or anybody else. I don't want to make any implications here, but different spheres of influence, I would say. Right. And I think that's very much how it's going to play out.
Speaker B: That is how it's playing out. Yeah. The shared sequencer conversation, that is an economic zone. And so the super chain that blossoms collapses down to the shared sequencer.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And so when you say trade between zones, you're talking about Mev. Between shared sequencers, basically.
Speaker A: Yes, I'm talking about Mev. And I'm talking about assets being moved from one super chain infrastructure to another super chain infrastructure. I'm talking about the economic competition between these economic powers and then the different governance rights. They're all under this in the united chains of optimism. The super chain, they all operate under this kind of constitution of the law of chains. Right. Which is going to be a different constitution from polygon or from arbitrum. Right. And yes, there are going to be some similarities, but there are also going to be some differences. It kind of goes back to how you invest in this space and how you think about, we really are investing in emerging economies and emerging nations here, aren't we? And I think you align with optimism because you see sort of like, equate it to, like, us values almost, right?
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: There's a set of values that you really identify with and you're like, oh, this is cool. This is like my tribe. I want the western liberal democracy republic to kind of win. I think it was a great structure for how you organize a group of chains and a society and a governance and cool. They have this public goods thing, which is a tax, and that's important, too. And so you really resonate with that. And that might very well be the winning strategy. Um, anyway, I just want, like, that's.
Speaker B: What, that's why, like, to make. To try and pull you towards my idealism camp. You're saying, like, yeah, the public goods thing is a strategy to, to win, to win the game, to like, grow your economic zone and you're to grow your gdp. And I'm like, yes, it's. And it's working. And so what does that tell you about the values being expressed in our networks when the system that is going after Ethereum equivalents and retroactive public goods funding is also the ecosystem that won Coinbase into going on chain and is going to take the next biggest company on chain as well? It's not just the fact that, yes, it's a valid strategy and it's working. It's the fact that, like, the reason why it's working is because public goods as a commitment and Ethereum's values as an expression is the thing. Winning people over to being on chain. And so it's the alignment between, like, yeah, just a. It is just a strategy that exists in the darwinian law of the jungle. And I'm like, yeah. And it's. It's working. And that makes me optimistic.
Speaker A: I get it. I guess, like, my take on all of these layer twos right now is like, hmm, how do I say this? Um, I am very much aligned with, um, the decentralization decisions that Ethereum has made. And that's where, like, that gets the bulk of my allegiance. Right. I respect. There's other communities out there that are non Ethereum that. That I respect. But the commitment to decentralization, permissionlessness, censorship, resistance. Run a validator from any machine scaling with cryptography rather than Moore's law and big data centers running the validator on these things, ethereum, they really vibe with me. I'm Ethereum all the way. When it comes to layer twos, I think that I really like the optimism strategy in general. It's a really smart strategy. But I put my investor cap on for this, and I'm just like, I don't necessarily have strong allegiances because I see all of the layer twos almost like the equivalent of. They're all western liberal democracies. And one is like a parliamentary type system, and one is a system that's more of a republic, and it has three branches of government. Government is a little bit different, but it's all kind of like one person, one vote. Democracy is protecting free speech. So there's little subtle differences, but a lot of them are kind of similar to me.
Speaker B: And that's the beauty of ethereum, the system. Right? A word that Ethereum always articulates as its values that I'd never see in any other ecosystem is pluralism. Maybe cosmos has this, but it's different when cosmos is pluralism to actually, cosmos.
Speaker A: Has too much of it.
Speaker B: Too much of it, right. Jesse used that phrase, the tension between the individual and the collective. Cosmos is like, fuck the collective, only individuals. And then Solana is like, no individuals. Homogeneity. And this one single shared state. And ethereum is like a balance, a harmony between the two.
Speaker A: That's what resonates with me. And other people see it differently, so I don't want to kind of impart that. But, yes, I see cosmos as kind.
Speaker B: Of, it's interesting, almost anarchy.
Speaker A: Cosmos is just, again, city states, all these city states, but you don't have strong unions across them, so you really can't scale. Yeah. Collective organization in the way that you can with Ethereum, which is very much like there's individual kind of rights, and then there's also the ability to go organize your own chain, but to just become part of a federation, get your economic security, that's a really nice balance. Whereas Solana is much more monolithic. Right? I don't want to say totalitarian, but do you know what I mean?
Speaker B: Those are my words.
Speaker A: Okay? There's elements of, like, hey, there's one ecosystem. Yeah. There's one kind of governance thing across.
Speaker B: It, and you exist inside of our borders, and you will upgrade to our block space.
Speaker A: However, it's funny, though, other people don't see that. Like, to somebody who's a strong Solana or cosmos advocate, they will point to Ethereum and be like, that's the evil empire, right? Look at them kind of leak into all of these areas. But anyway, what's very bullish to me is this nicely positions ether, the asset and Ethereum, the network, as this meta substrate for creating federations of digital nations. And what asset are they going to use, David, as their money, all right? Because if you are the substrate for creating digital nation federations and being the so bullish, you are basically gold, right? Because all of those other economies have to bootstrapped based on the Ethereum standard, the ether standard, in order to bootstrap their currency. And you're going to get taxes because they're going to be taxed for using your military and your economic security, and they pay those taxes in ether. So ether, it's just a really smart strategy. I mean, I'm surprised it's worked out as well as it has.
Speaker B: Isn't it beautiful?
Speaker A: Man, I kind of feel like I see the future here of how this is going to you propagate and play out over the next ten years. And it just hasn't felt clear to me probably any time in crypto than at this particular 2023 juncture.
Speaker B: I think we could honestly spend two, three, four more episodes exploring optimism philosophy. Sadly, I think it'll be a little bit too niche for the main podcast. But I know that the optimism philosophy really emphasizes antitrust. And so if you were a fly on the wall of optimism governance, conversations between op labs, the optimism collective, and anyone who calls themselves an optimist, you'll hear the word antitrust over and over and over again because they're trying to coordinate an economic zone. And so why do we need layer twos at all? Well, because the economy of the ethereum layer one economic zone is too expensive to have all expressions of economic value transfers that exist. And so we need to have lower fee chains. And so the other word that you'll hear inside of the optimism philosophy is bargaining power.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: What is the law of chains? What is this shared substrate? What is a homogeneous, homogeneous block space? What we're trying to do is to give smaller chains collective bargaining power so that service providers, like Etherscan or infuria or alchemy or like what? Whatever, pick your service provider that all these small chains can band together into one big economic zone and have collective bargaining power. And inside of that economic zone, or any service provider of that economic zone will have antitrust forces imparted upon it by optimism governance. So, like, there's, there's going to be this fight for the roll up as a service ecosystem, which is going to be a service provider to some of these layer two SDKs, like the op stack. They're going to want to be a monopoly. And so, like something like conduit or caldera, for example, they're going to be, want to be the dominant roll up as a service provider for the op stack. And then, oh, the op soc governance is going to be like, well, we're going to enforce you to be competitive with other market forces, to suppress any monopoly, to make sure that there is an antitrust context for all of the collective optimism chains. And that is the dynamics that you get when you are an independent layer two, and you're kind of small. You need to band together with bigger chains so that you can join in their collective bargaining power. And that is the strategy of just small coalescing into large. Actually can't really know where I was going with this, but it just kind of fits into the digital nation state or digital economic zone.
Speaker A: Yeah, digital economic zone. So you've collective bargaining power. So it's like, if you want to get, like, health insurance across, you know, all of the states in the United States, you could just negotiate with Nevada or something, or you could strike a deal federally across all 50 states and get a better deal from, you know, a service provider that way. And so that's what's happening. What's already happening, though, is these nation states, these sorry, nation states, these states, these chain states are actually banding together in order to outsource their economic security to Ethereum, which also totally makes sense. So, yeah, it seems very clear that this is, it also seems very clear that what's interesting is optimism has very quickly moved quicker than I thought to kind of like maybe closer to head of the pack strategy. Although we have to look at the other layer, two chain ecosystems towards this idea of we don't need the op mainnet to be successful. That's no longer our mission. We actually want to seed other chains and make them successful and then get a tax from those chains. Good business, say 15%. Right? And they've moved very quickly from that step one to that step two. And I think that's an interesting move and an interesting model, right. Because now what their role is, is to recruit as many chains as possible into the confederation of chains and the United chains of ethereum, or, sorry, of optimism, so that they can increase their public goods, funding their tax revenue, essentially, so they can fund more things and spawn more chains. Right. They want to increase their kind of economic power, I suppose. I mean, maybe, maybe you put like happy, like more like, maybe I'm saying this in pragmatic language rather than sort of the optimistic, happy language. But like, I think of what they're doing with the 15% taxes, it's basically like public, it's just like a tax. Just like the us government charges a tax, right? And that goes to public goods. And some people hate taxes. There might be chains that rebel against this tax system. Like, who knows? Right?
Speaker B: Yeah. Well, so that goes back to, like, does the 15% tax actually pay for itself? And so really the bull case of optimism lands on can it provide more incentives than it charges for? And if it does, then more people will join the super chain. If it doesn't, more people will leave the super chain. But the freedom to exit is something that we don't have in our physical nation state world, where I have to pay taxes or I go to jail. I don't, as a op stack chain, I don't have to pay taxes. I can just fork. But then I don't get any of the public infrastructure. I can't drive on the roads.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's all carry insurance.
Speaker B: Exactly. It's all carrot. Right? And then there's also the public commitment that optimism has been made is like, why do we charge 15% because of public goods, not because of corruption. And since everything is transparent and on chain, we can actually deem for ourselves the value of these public goods and whether we want to partake in them or nothing. Like the bull case for optimism is that every, like, there's 100% hit rate of, oh, you just forked the op stack, you're going to join the super chain. And so there would be, there would be like zero incentive to fork and not be a part of the super chain. That's like the optimism bull case. That's what they want. That's their goal.
Speaker A: What do you think of this 2.7% op supply tokens to Coinbase? Does this feel like sort of a bribe to you to get Coinbase to do it? Or is this a pragmatic decision, or is this, you know, is there public goodsy type language around this?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Yes to all.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, it's a bribe. It's like we need to incent Coinbase to join the fold. The second, 3rd, 4th order consequences of Coinbase joining the op stack could be massive. Like, like I said in the podcast, there is a $17 billion public company sized hole that other people can follow to join the op stack. And so just leading the way and saying, hey, don't know what you're doing, but you know, you want to join crypto, follow Coinbase. They just forked the op stack and they joined the super chain, and now they're in it. And so that might be very, very significant. And pay back the cost of that 2.7%. 2.7% is a pretty healthy supply.
Speaker A: That's a lot. It's a lot. I'm not saying Coinbase isn't worth it. It's just interesting. It's been like, it's like a retroactive public goods type thing and, yeah, it's just interesting. I'm sure there'll be some, like, screw, like, people will say lots of things about.
Speaker B: Not everyone is going to enjoy that, but there are some people who don't enjoy anything in crypto, and I don't expect them to join to enjoy this either.
Speaker A: I just, I take a pragmatic approach to it. I'm like, I mean, base is a pretty big win, right?
Speaker B: Huge win, bro.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's going to, it's just interesting how all of this is going to play out. And who are the next big chains.
Speaker B: That will launch PayPal chain?
Speaker A: PayPal chain, visa chain, PayPal network. It's gonna be all the fintechs, isn't it?
Speaker B: Mm hmm.
Speaker A: And they're all going, why the f.
Speaker B: Wouldn't visa have its own chain? It is a payments network. Give it a blockchain network to run its payments network on. Like, duh.
Speaker A: I think it'll literally go in that order. I think we might see the Coinbase thing. Like, Coinbase had a stable coin, USDC. What do they do next? They launch a chain. I mean, so paypal.
Speaker B: Visa probably saw the PayPal news like, shit. Why haven't we, why didn't we do a stable coin?
Speaker A: Stable coin, quick and then chain.
Speaker B: Wait, no, we need to get ahead of the game. We need to skate to where the puck's going. You know what we're gonna do? We're gonna make a change.
Speaker A: Launch our own layer one visa.
Speaker B: We're big enough, too far. Pull em back.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think we'll see fewer layer one launches these days, but yeah, two launches. Anything else from this episode? Does this guide your investment decisions in any way?
Speaker B: One of the not answering that question, answering a different question. One of the themes of optimism that has always been salient to me is the longest term time horizons. Like, why is optimism so focused on governance? More and more that's going to become clear because a lot of these layer twos that haven't been figuring out their governance thing is going to realize that, like, oh, shit, governance is really hard. And I get why optimism has been doing this this entire time. And that's the same thing with their whole, with Ben's answer to fraud proofs. It's like they're trying to get to layered. They're trying to be everyone to stage two. They're trying to just skip over stage one. And so everyone's going to have, everyone's going to ultimately need a multi client network. And optimism's got more clients than anyone else. And so, like, they're probably going to be the fastest, uh, chain to, uh, actually a secure stage two roll up. Because they've been taking this long term strategy from, from get go. At least that's the optimistic optimism bull case scenario.
Speaker A: Yeah, I, uh, I would really like, like to see them ship fraud proofs or fault proofs or whatever you want to call them. I think that needs, I think that these, like, they need to quiet the fud around that and could tell, um, Jesse from base was like, yeah, let's do that. Like, there's a lot of pressure.
Speaker B: Shit. The fried proofs, bro.
Speaker A: I think they gotta do that. But, yeah, it's. Wait, so, okay, so what was the point you were just making, though?
Speaker B: You're talking about multi client layer twos is the way to get to a safe stage two roll up.
Speaker A: Yeah. That sparked a thought I had, but.
Speaker B: The ultimate, longest term visions of the optimism strategy.
Speaker A: Yeah, I forget where I was going with that. Anything else in that episode, though?
Speaker B: I'm optimistic.
Speaker A: I know you are. I'm optimistic too. It's pretty cool how all of this stuff has come together. So we'll see what the next chains are. Do you buy that? We'll have 10,000 chains, 50,000 chains, 100,000 chains.
Speaker B: Yeah, eventually I'll have David chain. I'll probably have David chain before you have Ryan chain, though, judging by who got into friends tech first, probably.
Speaker A: No. A slow adopter.
Speaker B: You can come onto the David chain.
Speaker A: No, I'll happily move my assets. Especially. Here's the thing that I think they need to get right is ux between all of these chains. I can't feel like. Oh, God, yeah, you're crossing a border every time.
Speaker B: Complete the owl conversation right now.
Speaker A: Yeah, totally. Oh, I know.
Speaker B: Ben is like, emergently, the chains just blur.
Speaker A: That's where I was going with, actually, the complete owl type conversation is. The law of chains in this constitution feels very much like version 0.1, and that's what it's called, 0.1. I think there is an incredible amount of work to do in order to get governance right. Like, identity is a core primitive. You have to have users who's doing identity.
Speaker B: Optimism is.
Speaker A: They are pushing forward. I think what's interesting about optimism and their approach, right, is, you know, polygon. Other layer twos have taken a very bd heavy approach to things, although didn't get base, interestingly enough, didn't get Coinbase. But optimism feels like they're trying to differentiate on this governance type thing and aligning all of the chains in a shared vision of the future, this kind of federation of chains. And I think that's an interesting approach, but there's a lot of details, a lot of core primitives. It's hard stuff. You have to get right. Dao governance has not exactly been successful, David. It's been an absolute cluster. It's been a nightmare. And so now you're governing a whole federation of change with different stakeholders. Different. Yeah, different alignment, different kind of motivation. And how do you do that? Well, and how do you keep the federation together? That's going to be a challenge. And I think they're. Yeah, they're just drawing the eyes of the owl. There's a lot of steps in between there.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker A: All right, bankless nation, thanks so much for. For joining us. This has been the debrief.
Speaker B: Cheers. To.
