Speaker A: Hey, guys, welcome to the debrief. After our episode with Regan Boseman, it's Regan, not Reagan and not Regan. Yeah. So Regan and, I guess, known Regan a little bit for a while, and then really kind of dialed into his way of thinking through some of the crypto threads he's been writing this year, which have been absolutely phenomenal. There's a number of different insights in that episode that we could get into. I guess, like, one question I have for you, though, is, like, what's your vantage point on this? Right, so, one question. As we were giving an intro, it struck me that here are, like, now three VC's talking about VC's versus retail, and we don't have a representative of retail. What's interesting about that is both of us started in retail. We are retail.
Speaker B: Everyone starts in retail.
Speaker A: I still feel like I'm retail. Like, very much. Like, I, um, became a. Now I'm, I guess, on the VC side as well, but, like, became a VC through investing in retail and then, like, just scaling that out to. To VC. But, like, I guess my question to you is, David, do you think that we're in a good position to even evaluate this conversation? Because, like, we've. We're, quote, unquote, on the other side of retail, like, we've changed. There's a perception out there that we've changed teams, and, like, it's not wrong. Uh, how do you contend with that?
Speaker B: Yeah, that's definitely been one of the things I've been exploring lately, because as banklets has increased in scope, there's some corner of the crypto audience who's like, you guys are out of touch. I don't really think being a VC is necessarily a binary. Our job when we wake up in the morning actually isn't venture capital. And many people in the crypto, in the VC world, it is their job. That is Vance Spencer's job. That is Chris Berniski's job. Their job is to be a VC. Like, our cute, like, $35 million fund is not like, it's not anything compared to, like, any sort of billion dollar fund.
Speaker A: I'll just add to that. This goes to, like, time spent, too. I would say we probably spent, like, 10% of our time on, like, vc stuff and, like, 90% on media stuff. Yeah, the podcast stuff, like the media side of things, like the product, all of that.
Speaker B: Yeah. So, like, yeah, we have a VC firm, and so, like, yeah, we get in early stage deals, but we're also talking to the other end of the spectrum inside of the bankless discord. Right. And so we also do conferences and we also talk to builders. We actually literally talk to have a finger in any sort of corner of the crypto industry. So we're right in the middle of almost everyone, but everyone gets tugged very meaningfully by retail because that's the people, they have all the voices. Those are all the people out there.
Speaker A: Yeah. I guess maybe part of what you could be making on the plus side of this is doesn't that intersection make us the perfect bridge to have this conversation?
Speaker B: And, like, that's what I would like to think.
Speaker A: Okay. Yeah, I would like to think that, too. And I do. I would say in, like, our best moments, like, we are. That, that said, some people, like, would say that you can't possibly speak on behalf of retail because you no longer know what it's like to be retail. And because you do have access to these deals and because you, you are included in some of them, we disclose all of, like, the things we invest in@bankless.com. you know, like, disclosures. So you can go, like, see at any given time what we've been doing. I will say before we kind of, like, formally organize that into a VC branch, you and I just did lots of angel investing, too. And so VC has just been like a formalization of, like, the. I think angels sometimes get a pass, I would say, but maybe not so much under this, this kind of, like, like, paradigm.
Speaker B: Well, angels are now, like, rebranded as kols, which also have, like, a toxic branding.
Speaker A: Exactly. And I think that, like, retail is seeing that. It's like, there is a specific class of people who can get in private deals that aren't public and people who cannot. And so, one, that that should be acknowledged, but two, do you think that it biases, like, you can't have an opinion. You're out of touch with retail because you have, like, this advantage.
Speaker B: Yes, yes and no. But I'll start with the no side of things. Like I said, how, like, retail is like, the dominant voice because it's literally the masses. It is the crowd. It is all of the people. Like, it's the peoples, the retailer, it's the people. And so, like, you can. If, like, retail is like, 80% of the people, and then the remaining 20% of the people are like, builders and VC's and devs and, like, that kind of cohort, right? So 80 20. And so, like, the 80% of people will have an opinion and that will be the consensus majority opinion because that's what the retail perspective is. And then there's, like, opposing perspectives, the VC perspective, the builder perspective, the legal perspective, the lawyer perspective. And, like, we're in the middle of all of these things. Like, we're at the intersection of all these things, because we talk to everyone. That's our job on the podcast. We talk to the lawyers. We. And we actually, the only people that we don't talk to are the VC or the. Are the retail, because, like Gary Gensler.
Speaker A: We can't get him on the podcast.
Speaker B: Can't get him on the podcast. Yeah. And so, like, the. The masses, the 80%, will hear us sharing a perspective that either we have or we're echoing other people's perspective, and they will say, well, you guys are just clearly out of touch, and you're wrong, because that is not what, like, the 80% consensus opinion is among retail, which, to which I would reply, not necessarily, because maybe the consensus opinion is also wrong, because you guys are also not taking into account the perspective of VC's or the builders or the devs or the legal minds. And I think that's whenever I generally see a token airdrop go down and then there's, like, some mob that happens as a result. We saw this with Arbitrum. We saw this with Starknet. We see, like, the airdrop.
Speaker A: But you saw this with arbitrum.
Speaker B: Yes, because, remember, when arbitrum governance did this proposal thing to ratify the constitution, and so there was this, like, airdrop thing, and then it was just like, Alberto was just a scam that for that one week of period. And, like, if you listened to the team and you talked about, like, the proposal and, like, why everything happened the way that it happened, you'd be like, well, this is a very rational, like, set of events that was also dictated by legal concerns, by the way. And so retail just disregards that.
Speaker A: Can I ask you a question? Like, now that you go back, like, we have many different airdrops in living memory, in memory for us right now, I'm trying to think off the top of my head of any airdrop in general.
Speaker B: That went well.
Speaker A: That went well from a retail perspective, obviously, there's degrees of this. Some have been absolutely torched. But what are the examples of those that have gone well? Because many people refer to uniswap and the like, oh, that's perfect. Airdrop maculate. Like, kind of airdrop. But, David, I remember at the time, like, am I foggy on this? I remember at the time, people were actually pissed at Uniswap because it, like, sushi, sushiswap was actually the. The retail darling at that time.
Speaker B: Right? Yeah.
Speaker A: And they did their fair token launch and they didn't have those dirty, like, you know, Silicon Valley VC's and paradigm hadn't corrupted it. And like, so the. The uniswap sushiswap was the people of the.
Speaker B: The uniswap of the people.
Speaker A: Yeah, the uniswap drop. There was a take which was just like, yeah, I guess they had to. I mean, like, you know, they just did it in response to, like, sushi. And sushi is really the one. I don't know how widespread that was. Like, I think, I guess what I'm saying is sometimes these airdrops are viewed in rose colored glasses, like, yeah, just like months later and years later and everyone's like, that was it. But, like, I think at the time, many of them that I've seen, I can't think of one that is just like, everybody just loves. Can you. Is there one that sticks out in mind?
Speaker B: There's a couple that I don't remember there being like a mob about and.
Speaker A: In those ones that there wasn't a mob about, it feels like the thing that they had in common is like they were kind of unexpected.
Speaker B: Yeah, I guess what.
Speaker A: Anytime there is any set of expectations placed on a project in which, like, there was uniswap, right. Because sushi did a thing and like, you don't have a token, so Uniswap should have a token.
Speaker B: I don't know. I think Uniswap was unexpected. I think I remember when the uniswap announcement went out and everyone would dropped what they're doing because they did not.
Speaker A: They.
Speaker B: No one saw the Uniswap token because.
Speaker A: Of the, like, the value too. I mean, that was a pretty, that was very widely distributed. And a lot of people got a lot of, like, value from that too, right?
Speaker B: Like, well, a lot, like the average person got like 400 tokens. The average, like the median was like four or 500 tokens. And that was like dollars. That was like $2,000, $1200. It went up to 2000 and then, and then the price appreciation happened and it went up to 8000. But like, if we were to have. We had the value, the dollar value of the uniswap airdrop in today.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: People would think like, oh, well, that was a fucking flop. Like, $1200. That's a fart. People aren't.
Speaker A: It's so, it. There's hedonistic treadmill. There's an airdrop treadmill here, like, going on as well. Anyway, I distract you with, like, that. But, like, I. The idea I was asking you about is, do you think you can have an unbiased view towards this?
Speaker B: I mean, everyone has biases, right?
Speaker A: Do the best we can.
Speaker B: I trust in my opinions.
Speaker A: Just trying to do the best we can.
Speaker B: Do the best we can, man. There are some takes that I have that are adverse to retail, the concept of retail. I remember doing an episode, an old layer zero episode with Haseeb, and I brought up the conversation of, like, do we even need VC's? Like a very retail line. Like, why do we even need VC's? Yeah, yeah, because, like, if it wasn't for Gary Gensler and investor accreditation laws, then, like, what, what does a VC even do? And like, I thought his answer stuck with me. It's just like, well, like, a VC is an investor who's like, useful and good at their job. And everyone across space time of all jobs, can be better and specialize and become more of an expert in what their role is. And so you as a investor can professionalize your services and provide help and do venture investing and be good at your job and be differentiated from the crowd. And that makes you a VC. And, like, a lot of the crowd, if they were in positions of power, that, like, the VC's are, would not act admirable, admirably or with integrity. Not some. Some people will, some people won't. But you need to differentiate yourself from the crowd of, with, like, your commitment to the team, uh, and the services that you provide them and the, the risk that you're going to take with the lockup. Uh, and so even in a world with completely fruit free and open and permissionless markets, you will still see the VC class. Like, the VC class doesn't emerge because of Gary Gensler.
Speaker A: There will be a group of investors that, um, projects want as part of their. Because they're adding so much. Like, they're adding so much value to the project. I do think that that discussion reminds me a little bit of, like, the idea of, like, why do we have to have managers? Let's all do a dao. Let's be our own boss. We'll all be our own manager. Right?
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: And I think, like, some of the people who've been through DAO experiences start to appreciate why some sort of structure is helpful and emerges, right. And, like, why some sort of hierarchy or decision making is necessary in order to get the body, like, being the, like the DAo itself, to, like, walk in a certain direction, or else you have the zombie that's just stumbling to and fro and, like, just has no, like, the Dow experience. I think for a lot of people, you sort of realize why corporations have emerged with the governance structures that, that they have. I think there's something similar at play here. Now. I will say, though, it would be great if the cream of investors could kind of rise to the top in a truly open and permissionless way that wasn't, um, based on regulation. Like, basically, I'm saying no accredited investor laws. Like, there should be a way for retail to very seamlessly transition into.
Speaker B: Work their way up the ladder.
Speaker A: Work their way up the ladder. And, like, I hate that that's the. The case that there is this arbitrary regulatory, like, division between the two kind of classes. But there is a. And the solution, the structural solution to that is, like, you change, I don't know, you got to change the law, right? Or Gary Gensler has to go, like, there's all sorts of structural remedies to that. But it's hard to blame retail, and it's hard to blame the VC's for the reason that that structure is in place, at least from my perspective.
Speaker B: No, I think that's right. I think that's right. Also, there will be, like, I'm going back to, like, the disconnect between, like, retail and just like, the other end of the spectrum, right? Like, something that we're seeing with the Eigen. Like, airdrop is, like, generally the perspective of retail investors is not at all considering the relationship between Eigen layer and regulation and regulators. And so, like, they're. They're like, why are you VPN blocking us? That's so scummy. That's so scammy. You guys are like, at worst, people are saying, like, you guys are just doing this just to prevent us from claiming tokens because you guys want more of the tokens, which is an insane conclusion to come to. Um, but, like, that's what some, some people will come to the conclusion of. And, but, like, retail is just so narrow. Like, the reaction to the Eigen layer is so narrowly focused on just, like, the. Getting their token, that they're not concerned about just like, the future of the Eigen layer mission of, like, producing AbS's. And they're not concerned about, like, the, like, fines or court cases or jail time of, like, the eigenfounders.
Speaker A: Let me, let me, let me kind of steel man that a little bit, though, right? The. Kind of the retail concern one is like, there's levels to sort of what you said, right? Which is like, there's geo blocking. And then there's also, like, blocking a, the ability to use a VPN. And then there's a further line of that spectrum of, like, what if you went through and you retrospectively identified all of the people who participated in your protocol, who you, who used a VPN while doing that? And what if you excluded them? Like, I've never seen a project do that, but, like, you can imagine that sort of thing happening. Why? Through an abundance of caution. Abundance of regulatory caution. So, one, I think you have to acknowledge, there's degrees of this. And also, um, steel Manning, the, the kind of like, the retail case for this, I think you could also say at this point, look, man, it's 2024. If Gary Gensler is going to go see your project, it doesn't matter if you had a geo blocker on or not. He's going to go. He's suing. He's out here suing Coinbase, and he's suing Kraken, he's suing uniswap. And so there's almost a level of, like, I think there's an argument. You could say it's a cost of doing business if you're going to participate and do, like, unicorn level crypto valuations, right? And, like, and you get that by including retail. Okay. You have to reserve some funds to go f, and join the fight. All right, go, go, go. Take the fight to Gary Gensler and sue them and just be like, hey, we're just going to join, like, do what consensus is doing right now, which is proactively suing Gary Genslere in the first place. And, like, make you have billions of dollars. So, like, why don't you take some of that cash reserve and, like, push to really get investors included. Anyway, I'm not saying that's correct. I'm just saying, hey, there's a steel man for you.
Speaker B: And, okay, so, like, in order to get that steel man into production, like, you have to be the founder of a project who convinces your lawyers that that's the right. And investors and investors have to convince the team's lawyers, and the lawyers have to be like, thumbs up or thumbs down.
Speaker A: No, lawyers. Thumbs up. That.
Speaker B: No lawyer will ever thumbs up. That.
Speaker A: Sure.
Speaker B: And so, like, the advice of the founder is going to have to go against the advice of his counsel or her counsel in order to do that, which is, like, an insane thing to do.
Speaker A: It's hard. Right. One thing that I haven't really understood about kind of the full geoblocking thing, and this is on the bank of supreme feed. So it's like. But, like, there's ways around, like, retail. Those are sweet.
Speaker B: That was kind of frustrating with, like, hearing the response of retail. Like, the geo block. You're gonna. You're gonna get around the geo block. Like, I am going to get.
Speaker A: I'm going.
Speaker B: And, Ryan, I am going to claim my Eigen lair tokens. Yeah, I'm going to do it.
Speaker A: Is that a jailable offense right now, as far as I know, the SEC hasn't gone and, like, prosecuted. Imagine. Imagine if they took individual citizens to court for, like, claiming their money.
Speaker B: How would that. I don't think the individuals are liable. It's the team that's liable.
Speaker A: No, they're not.
Speaker B: Individuals are not liable.
Speaker A: Yeah, they're not. So it's not actually against the law for you to, like, wink, wink, go and find a way around that. Like, even if you have to. I have family in Canada. I don't know, I just feel like. And by the way, so here's another take I have, again, I'm flip flopping between sort of the steam landing the retail case, and kind of like, the other case. Um, but, like, whose fault is this? This is kind of the conclusion I came to at the end of the. The Regan podcast is. Whose fault is this? We. If I. This is not very popular on the Eigen, um, episode we did, uh, like, when everyone was, uh, upset about the airdrop, but I said, I said, um, if you're upset about the VPN geoblocking, right, one thing we can do is call a member of Congress. Now, I get people hear that, and they're like. But they don't listen to me. And I like. And that sounds so out of touch and, like, maybe some context around that. I feel like being, like, politically active in your jurisdiction is, like, the only way forward. And there's, like, a collective action problem where if we're all just a bunch of independent airdrop hunters who feel like we can't make any sort of, like, political change, then we sort of won't. But if we band together and focus our fury on the people who are actually, like, responsible for the structural reason why there's a VPN block in place, then we will magnify that fury and, like, have more effect to change the political outcome, because I can just. It's just going to get worse. We're going to have more and more blocks, and it's not like. Anyway, so there's a collective action problem, I think, from the projects and the collective action problem from retail. And we just wish we could harness that towards the people who are really, like responsible for the, for the VPN's, the geo blocking.
Speaker B: I'm worried that that's like, too idealist of a take.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: If you, if you go to, like, the video, the chat box video of our interview with scam, scam, scam, scam, scam. The people, like, spamming, scam, scam, scam, scam, scam, are, they're not going to call up their congressman. Like, they're, they're just not going to do that. The people complaining about like the VPN's block, like they're, they're taking, they can't figure out how to take five minutes out of their time to get around a VPN block. They're not going to call their congressman. And so some of the culture in the Airdrop meta has been like, get rich quick. So, like, deposit a hundred, deposit one eth, deposit a $100 into this protocol, get $50,000 later. That's been like the memetic promise of airdrops and that's been the expectations. And so, like, all of the whole, like, expectations about airdrops is just like, oh, you're going to do this, this one thing and you're going to get $10,000 because honestly, that legitimately did happen last cycle. Like very simple stuff, made like five, but that's happening.
Speaker A: This, it's happened this cycle, too. I mean, there have been, but no.
Speaker B: It'S not like this very small binary things are not printing like tens of thousands of dollars with some very small exceptions.
Speaker A: Geo, was that Cheeto, like, in places where people didn't expect it, I would.
Speaker B: Say farm to death. Like, there was one person who had like thousands of addresses with Cheeto because it was a sub linear airdrop. Part of the whole, like, this debate is like, are linear airdrops good or not, nonlinear airdrops good? And all the, all of the retail is saying, hey, do nonlinear airdrops? Yeah, because that benefits through the retail, of course. So, like, take away from the rails, the whales give, give whales, like, don't give a return on capital, give a return on individual. Like one person, one vote style.
Speaker A: Yeah, but.
Speaker B: And then benefit the retail investor.
Speaker A: But then that's not Sybil resistant.
Speaker B: It's not Sybil resistant. And so then the Sybils, it goes, it's just a transfer of wealth from both retail and whales to the airdrop farmers, to symbol, to Sybil attackers. Yeah, the retail people also lose.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's. So I do think that there's another stakeholder in this that is like scam, scam, scam, like archetype that is actually operating behind the scenes, that actually doesn't represent retail or the like evil vc's or like the founders of the projects. And that is like legit. There are airdrop farmers and I'm going.
Speaker B: To use industrial farmers.
Speaker A: Like, yes, I'm going to say industrial farmers. So not like a retail who's like using these protocols, like not the intended recipient of the drop, but somebody who's just like set up machines to go farm this thing. And they have a vested interest to push that narrative of scam, scam, scam, scam, scam, scam. Give me more and more, more, more, more, more. You shouldn't have simple resistance. So it's a messy world out there. And I mean, I guess Reagan's conclusion to this, Reagan Regan's conclusion to this is that a project should try to drop with a lower valuation to more community members, like sell it to them earlier.
Speaker B: Basically, it's basically an Ico with a lockup.
Speaker A: That's also just. How do you do that? I mean, that was my point at the end of the episode is the reason we're here, where we're so many steps, this river of trying to solve the problem we just said, which is I want my community of honest participants to get most of my token or a good chunk of my token allocation. That's always been the intent of these projects. The problem is it's so gamble, so corruptible.
Speaker B: It has gotten so game.
Speaker A: And we've got regulators as well that are making, that are putting up like damns to this. So we've got this odd shaped river that's had to route around all of these places. And here we are at the, at like the, the head of the river and it's like points now. And I bet after this, David, everyone's going to hate points on the back of.
Speaker B: I think people already hate points.
Speaker A: So people hate points now. Right. And what was points? That was the solution to the problem. Like, and so something else. Something else will emerge and get it, get corrupted. I'm just, I guess what I'm just saying is I think that we continue to have this problem and I don't think that there's a way to distribute to like, to kind of like retail in an un gameable way. Like I, I just don't see how that's achievable.
Speaker B: Well, without. So Reagan's suggestion was private market sales. So like the reg. S private market sales reg est sucks.
Speaker A: You know, this used to do reg s stuff like the whole crowd sale.
Speaker B: Thing is just change investor accreditation laws, basically. Like you have to have that change.
Speaker A: So we're back to. It's Gary's, like Gary's fault.
Speaker B: Yeah. The equilibrium is pretty fucking terrible.
Speaker A: Okay, what do you think about his take? Here's another take. I used to, it's something where I'm reforming my view. I used to kind of flail against the market and want to be like, fundamentals matter.
Speaker B: Fundamentals, fundamentals, fundamentals.
Speaker A: I just, I don't know.
Speaker B: Instead of scam, scam, scam. Fundamentals, fundamentals.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And by that I mean, and we've done an episode, we've done episodes on this. By that I mean a very specific version of fundamentals, which is much less attention based and much more like the way other capital assets are allocated, which feels like much more sustainable and much more civil, resistant to me. And like non gamble, which is how much cash is the thing producing and what are the expectations, which is supposed.
Speaker B: To capture attention, which, yes, which is.
Speaker A: Kind of the long term way to capture attention and values. There's a reason that stocks have essentially kind of collapsed to fundamentals mattering. And now you could argue we're in like a meme stock era and all of these things. And I think some of that's true. And we've got currency debasement, so it's inflated. But still, in, in the stock market, if, if you are like burning money every single year and you're not showing like growth or upside or a path to some sort of future cash flows, investors will dump your stock, okay? Like, they will just dump it. And that there is no buyer who thinks like that in crypto. And so I spent a lot of time like flailing against that and being like, hey, everyone, this has fundamentals, go check that out. And no one cares. And I feel a little bit done with doing that for now. And uh, regan's comments on that kind of reinforce that view to me, which is like, they're not going to change this cycle. I'm not going to bet on that. He's probably right about that.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, it's not going to be for a while. I mean, fundamentals won't matter until like we're like meaningfully far progressed on like the s curve of adoption. You know, you're, you can also see like the typical stock market progressing in the whole attention economy, like, as well, because like the whole tech sector, emphasis on growth over sales is part of this that's like. That's a. That's moving down the spectrum of, like, well, growth. How growth. How much new users do you have? I don't care about how much revenue they have. I care about how many new users you have. And that is a movement towards the attention.
Speaker A: I think so. But, like, what I would argue and, like, my framing of fundamentals is that's just a precursor to fundamentals. Right, so.
Speaker B: Right, but, like, an even more precursor is, like, retail being hyped about your token.
Speaker A: Yeah, but if it's, like.
Speaker B: It's, like, weirdly full circle.
Speaker A: I guess so. But if it just keeps to that, if it's just about attention, I guess I'm saying is, like, there's attention, right. And then there's kind of, like, users, and then there's cash on the other side. Like, cash flow on the other side of that. Right. And, like, crypto kind of, like, wants to stop at attention. Just like, it's just attention and there's no users. Do they really matter? Because users are holders and so, like, does that matter? And then there's no cash flow at the end of that. That tunnel. It's like, if you look at Facebook in the two thousands. Right? So VC investors were all about, like, growth, because growth users. But now you look at Facebook now is throwing off cash, is making so much, like. It's manifested in a capital asset that produces cash flows. Right, right. It's not very. It's not clear to me how an attention economy, like, meme coin, like. Like, does that. And I think there is a sector of crypto right now, the spirit of the age, the spirit of 2024 is just like. And by the way, it was only about attention. And, like, meme coins all the way down. This is the purest form of it. So we're gonna like.
Speaker B: And we're not going. We're not going any further.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: This is where. This is the end of the road.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: Which is, like, kind of, like, identifies the existential crisis that the crypto industry feels.
Speaker A: Yeah. So.
Speaker B: Oh, wait. We're never getting. We're never getting a fundamentals. It was attention, and it is only attention.
Speaker A: Do you know Matt Hogan from Bitwise? Right. I. He understands very much, like, defies potential as kind of a capital asset. I kind of want him to go educate all of the rias of the world and to, like, all of tradfi. This is my dream scenario, to evaluate assets in those terms.
Speaker B: I mean, I think he is doing.
Speaker A: He's trying his best, but the problem.
Speaker B: Is he's doing a great job. It's just like.
Speaker A: It's too weird. It's still too weird for them. It's too weird.
Speaker B: Too weird and too slow. Like, he's making progress. We are making progress, but the progress is just, like, over cycles, cycles, cycles, cycles.
Speaker A: Like, we're at bitcoin, ETF.
Speaker B: Yeah. We're barely at bitcoin. We're not even at the ETF. Yeah.
Speaker A: So the problem is we're stuck in the middle where fundamentals don't matter because, like, to retail in these markets who are trying to, like, you know, ten, 100 x, like, in a single cycle, fundamentals don't matter.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So you can't say that to them. And then to, like, traditional investors who are valuing, it's still way too weird. Like, where's my quarterly earnings report? Where's, like, the management team, like, on chain?
Speaker B: Where do I, like, look at ethereum's quarterly earnings report?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Whenever and where.
Speaker A: How do I buy this in my Charles Schwab interface, like, you know? And so it's just stuck in the middle right now and probably will be for the next five to ten years.
Speaker B: Ten is too many, bro. I don't know if I can last ten years anyway. I maybe have five more years in me of pre fundamental bullshit.
Speaker A: Yeah. You getting tired?
Speaker B: I feel like it's a pretty long amount of time.
Speaker A: Well, yeah, so, yeah. Anything else that pop out at you at this episode? Has this answered any questions for anybody? I mean, it's.
Speaker B: It's provided clarity.
Speaker A: Provided clarity. Well, hopefully that was helpful for you guys. It was a helpful episode for me. So a little bit of catharsis on this debrief. Hope is useful. See ya.
Speaker B: See there. Bye.
