Speaker A: We want to build the l two that provides the most value to developers and users. The most value of any l two, that's our goal. And we see the path to getting there is you have this l two with native yield, where everyone's just earning that by default. But also now you're enabling new types of applications. Robin Hood, for example, right? Like them charging, you know, zero fees. That's actually providing more value to the market than if they had charged no fees. So it's like these business model unlocks. It's not just like, oh, it's a new business model. It's like, no, this is actually providing more value to the market. This is why these disruptive business models get adopted in the first place. So the only thing driving us is that we want to build the l two that provides the most value to end users and developers.
Speaker B: Welcome to bankless, where we explore the frontier of Internet money and Internet finance. This is Ryan Sean Adams. I'm here with David Hoffman, and we're here to help you become more bankless. Pac man is one of the most interesting builders in crypto right now. He created Blur, which is an NFT exchange that came out of basically nowhere in 2022 and now has over 70% of the NFT market. And it almost seems he's about to do the same thing with layer two. He's got a project called Blast, which has blasted its way to number three in terms of total locked value of all layer twos. You do not want to miss this fascinating conversation with this crypto builder. Number one, we talk about who is Pac man, this crypto wonder kidde, where'd he come from? What's he about? Why is he here? Number two, how he built blur into the world's largest NFT exchange. Number three, points. Pac man actually created the points meta that we see today. What does he think of points now? Number four, blast. The yield bearing layer two. That's blasted its way to third largest layer two. How did he do that? Is it secure? Is it safe? What about all of the criticism surrounding Pac man projects?
Speaker C: There's a lot to pull out from this episode, not just about the technical details around blast and what it actually means to be a yield bearing layer, too, because I think a lot of people actually don't fully understand the technical implications of what that means, and that's something that we pull apart here on the podcast with Pac man today. But just zooming all the way out about, like, yield as a concept, points as part of the meta, the movement of ETH and users onto layer twos and really how to be a builder in the space. Depending on who you are in this space, whether you are a user, you are a builder, or you're a VC investor, there's something in this episode for you, depending on how you look at it and what you want to get out of it. So we touch a little bit on many different metas that are going around in the cryptosphere in the middle of this bull market, and I've found that I've learned quite a lot. I think I, like many other people, kind of discounted blast in the early days because of the spinal reflex that I think a lot of people had from its go to market strategy, which we also talked about with Pac man. But this was me coming out blast with fresh eyes and really appreciating the novel mechanisms that blast rewired into an op stack fork in order to make native yield bearing a thing inside of the blast ecosystem.
Speaker B: Yeah, he's got a way of implementing these clever shifts in mechanism design that have really, he used the term profound outcomes. We'll see. Bankless listener, if you see one of those profound outcomes in the conversation today, of course, David and I will unpack all of this in the debrief, which is available to you if you are a bankless citizen on the Bankless premium podcast, newly available on Spotify, might I add, so you can get bankless premium in Spotify. Go check that out. All right, let's get right to the conversation with Pac man. But before we do, we want to thank the sponsors that made this episode possible, including Bankless Nation.
Speaker C: Happy to introduce you to Pac man, the co founder Blur, creator of blast. We had Pac man on the show a little over a year ago to talk about Blur and my, how things have changed in just a year. Blast is now the number three layer two on Ethereum by TVL, despite just being a few days, maybe a week old, already has a countless projects trumping at the bit to deploy on blast and build inside of the brand new blast ecosystem. Pac man, welcome back to bankless, Jim.
Speaker A: Jim, thanks for having me.
Speaker C: So, Pac man, you are two for two on projects that have completely redefined metas inside of the crypto industry. Blur really just changed the game in terms of NFT trading and the whole NFT marketplace ecosystem. Uh, blast has now done the same again because there is now a new focus on natively yield bearing layer twos, uh, which was, uh, a narrative, a theme, a construction completely novelly introduced by, by Blast two for two on projects that redefine the industry is a pretty unique place to be. So just a little bit of just like, who is Pac man? How does he not miss, uh, where did you come from? Uh, who are you?
Speaker A: Yeah. Really appreciate the kind words. So just for like a brief overview, I got my start in Silicon Valley around nine years ago. I started off as a software engineer working at a company called Teespring. I actually had a bit of an atypical journey, so I went to teespring when I was in high school and I ended up dropping out to work there for a year. Out of high school after my sophomore year. And after dropping out of high school.
Speaker B: We'Re not starting in college. You dropped out of high school? Okay.
Speaker A: Yeah, I dropped out of high school. So I was 16 at the time. Yeah, it's fuzzy now. It's crazy how the time flies, but 16 at the time. And then I went over to Silicon Valley and I stayed and I ended up actually starting a company right after teespring. And we went through, it was called strong intro. We went through y combinator in the winter 16 batch. I was the youngest batchmate at the time. I was 17. Went through that experience. And then I really wanted to go to college after. Ended up going to MIT. And I studied math with computer science there for about two years where I met my co founder Anthony. And we basically just immediately started hitting it off. We started building together. He graduated a year early. I ended up receiving the thiel fellowship to go and drop out again after my sophomore year, coincidentally.
Speaker C: Serial dropper outer.
Speaker B: You just keep rugging schools, man.
Speaker A: Yeah, I know. I know. They, you know, but, you know, MITi actually has a really nice program where it's like you can drop out and just come back, like, even when you're 50. So I would like to go back at some point just, you know, for.
Speaker C: The fun of it to drop out a third time.
Speaker A: Exactly. Exactly. Maybe I can drop out of the MNG program. But I left. And Anthony, we started our first business, which was name base. And that was a really niche company built on a blockchain called Handshake. It was like a decentralized domain name blockchain. And we ran that for around three years. And we sold it at the end of 2021 to namecheap. And then basically immediately after that, Anthony and I, we started blur, which is the NFT marketplace for pro traders. And we've been contributing to blur for the past two, two and a half years now. And we a few months ago released blast, which is our newton latest project. It's l two with native yield. And so that's kind of like the short summary of my professional history when.
Speaker B: You were in high school. I'm curious, Pac man, just so we can get some insight into you and how your mind works, what gave you the conviction to a drop out in your sophomore year?
Speaker A: Yeah, it was actually, like super, super easy. So I had discovered Hacker News, which is like a very popular, like, it's kind of like Reddit, but for just like nerds. I discovered that when I was 13, and I basically just became super obsessed with Silicon Valley. Read all of Paul Graham's articles, was really into that. And my dream, like, my number one goal was just starting a company and going through y combinator. That was the only thing that I wanted to do. And I got really lucky. When I was in a sophomore year of high school, I discovered teespring, which was this custom t shirt printing startup, and they were doing incredibly well. Their founder had written a blog post on how they got to a million dollars in revenue in eight months, which was crazy at the time. And I became super fascinated with that. And I actually wanted to go and build a competitor to Teespring in Boston. And I was like a high school student, and I ended up coding up a competitor to Teespring. And then when I got around and finished a clone, I was like, wait a second. There's a lot more to building a business than just making a website. So I ended up emailing the CEO and I shared what I had built, and they hired me as an intern. And then after working as an intern, they were just growing like crazy at the time, so they really needed more hands. And everyone at Teespring was like really, really professional, just like really exceptional quality in terms of builders. And I just felt like it was like a good mentoring opportunity. So I asked them if I could work full time, and they agreed, and the rest was history from there.
Speaker B: Do you advise this to any particular high school student that might be listening, or is this just a road less traveled that is only suitable for a few?
Speaker A: Yeah, that's tough. You know, there's a lot of, there's a lot you miss from, like, not going to school. I'm actually, like, I'm not anti school. I actually really love school, especially college. I think it's like, incredible. And I think high school too is, like, so formative for your, like, social and emotional development. So I'm actually, like, really bullish on school overall. I would say if you, like, really want it, though, it's like, it's not really something I can, like, advise. It's more so just, like, if you want it, you're gonna do it. And I wouldn't, like, tell someone to do it or not to do it. It's really just a matter of, like, what they want.
Speaker B: And what did you want about this life? What attracted you to Silicon Valley, to Paul Graham posts that you read and now later into crypto?
Speaker A: Yeah, I think just the ability to build things that are really massive was something that was just incredible to me. The idea that you could have the classic Silicon Valley stories, you have these kids who are coding up a website in their dorm room, and then they go and build, like, the next big thing. That was just, like, so incredible to me. I was like, how is that even possible? It seemed like a pipe dream. And the closer I got to it, the more I was like, oh, my God, this is, like, real, and you can actually do this. And it was just like. I was just, like, super addicted. I was like, I wanted it more than anything. It just seemed fascinating to me. And being able to actually go into that world and live and work in Silicon Valley, I actually got to spend a lot of time. And there was early in the thiel Fellowship, which also funded Vitalik, they actually had this house called Mission Control, where they hosted a lot of the teal fellows. So I got to hang out there and meet a bunch of other young kids who had dropped out to start things. And they actually had funny stories of Vitalik staying there in the early days and trying to give people ethereum as compensation for letting them crash on their couch.
Speaker B: Really?
Speaker A: And everyone was like, we don't want your ethereum. Nobody wanted the ethereum. And then everyone regretted that afterwards, of course, but, yeah, it was just really cool being in that ecosystem, just surrounded by builders. There's really nowhere else like it. I feel like it's a little bit different now, but definitely in that time, like 2014, that era was just really incredible for Silicon Valley.
Speaker C: What do you think about this? Life motivates you so hard? Is it building towards something that's larger than yourself? Is it? To me, the whole Pac man ecosystem between blur and blast, there's a little bit of world building going on there. What about this life is so motivating and compelling for you?
Speaker A: Yeah, I think it's just. It's like a very, like, visceral thing. I think building things is, like, really satisfying, and I think if you're going to build something, you should try to build the most significant thing you can build. You know, actually there's, there's someone that I know he works at like OpenAI and he says something about like, you know, people basically could increase their ambition a lot. Like almost like across the board. If you talk to anyone, you could have them like ten x their ambition. And that's probably like still like beneath where their ambition should be in terms of like, what they can actually accomplish. I think my perspective is just like, yeah, like, I really enjoyed building things and when I think that there's problems and opportunities, I want to go after it. And specifically, I really want to go after the biggest problems and the biggest opportunities. I'm not particularly interested in smaller things. I think it's totally fine to go after that, but it's just, I think for me, I really just want to go after the biggest things and I just throw all my energy into it.
Speaker B: So when you get a thiel fellowship, do you get to meet Peter Thiel or how does that work? What's the selection process like? And just like, yeah, it's pretty basic.
Speaker A: They just like, you do interviews, you chat with the other fellows. Fellows. If you've ever done like a YC application, it feels like very similar to that. A little bit more process, but, you know, very, very similar to that. You do get to meet Peter Thiel at least, you know, like I did. It was cool. He's a cool conversation, but, you know, he doesn't really spend a lot of time with the fellows. It's kind of more like, you know, he brands the kids and then gives him one hundred k and then he's just like doing his thing. So I only had one conversation with him. But the biggest, I think the biggest benefit is actually just being able to hang out with the other fellows because they do a really good job of just kind of like curating a group of some of the most motivated people of that age bracket, kind of like in the US, kind of in the world. So I think just that network alone is where most of the value is.
Speaker B: I was going to say that's like a good portion of the value for going to college, going to university too. Is that sort of that selection effect? And I guess you sort of get that with a teal fellowship then.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think you do get a lot. I would say it's different, though. Like, MIT is the densest network of high caliber engineering talent that I have, you know, ever seen in my life. Like when my peers there, they're like way, way smarter than me, technically, and you just go there and, you know, every, every kid there can just, they can build anything. Like, there's really nothing that's like rocket science there. Like, not even rocket science is rocket science. Everything is learnable. You get access to the people that invented the technologies that we use today. I think going there is something that's unparalleled. The Teal fellowship, you get that more for entrepreneurial people, but that's different than engineering density. So I think they're both very valuable for different reasons.
Speaker C: Well, I know we want to focus a little bit on more than a little bit on this episode on blasts and that whole ecosystem. But as I introduced you, I said Pac man is two for two on projects that have redefined the industry. How surprised should we be if there was a third, or do you already have ideas that you're thinking of?
Speaker A: Let me just say I would be surprised. I would be surprised if you would be surprised. A third? Yeah, I was surprised that there was a second, actually. That was never the starting intention. That one was more very fortuitous in some ways. I'm happy to share more about. About that, but, yeah, I don't really go out and just like, I'm not, like, actively, like, oh, I want to start like, 20 different projects. It's just like, you know, blast was something that I felt needed to be built, and so I started working on that. I would be surprised if there was a third, but, you know, anything could happen.
Speaker B: Pac man, we started this episode, like, with calling you Pac man, and I got to think, that's not your actual name. Can you tell us at least your nation state name, let's call it, where did that come from? Why do you call yourself Pac man? Why do others call you Pac Man? I think you started with a blur, sort of pseudo anonymous, and now you're not. Can you tell us the story of how that happened as well?
Speaker A: Yeah, totally. Pac man is my pseudonym. I'm Docs. My real name is Tia Shan. It's Tia Shan and Mandarin. And actually adopting it initially, it was more so about optionality than anything else. I had a conversation with a niche. He was at paradigm at the time, but now he's, I think he's on, like, the founding team of ritual, and he was really deep into ethereum, so I was just like, hey, what do you think are the pros and cons of doxxing versus not doxxing? And he was saying how he actually, in retrospect, probably would have started anon if he could. And he said, at minimum, you always have the optionality to dox. And it was like, a free option just sounded great to me, so I decided to go with Pac man as a nickname. And, yeah, it's just suck. One of the nice things about it that I didn't realize at the time was having a name that people know how to pronounce is actually a huge advantage. Normally, when I introduce myself with my real name, it's like they're spending five minutes just trying to figure out how to pronounce the name. Just be able to say, hey, I'm Pac man. And then that's the end of the conversation. It's actually extremely nice. I never really realized that benefit before.
Speaker B: Yeah. Was it your choice to become sort of doxxed or how did that happen?
Speaker A: Yeah, it was, you know, my intention from the beginning was basically two docs. We never really went hard on the, like, an on mentality. Like, if we. If you were to actually try to be anon, like, it takes, takes a lot of work. You have to be, like, really, really thorough. And it's like, yeah, you have to be very, very thorough. It's almost always gonna get out eventually. Like, even the anons in the space, like, you know, a lot of people know who they actually are behind the scenes. For us. For me specifically, it was never something that I intended to do forever. It just felt like a convenient thing to do at the time. I think I doxed after the blur governance launched along with the token, and it just felt like it was getting enough attention at the time that I might as well go and share with the world who I was then. That was where it came from. It was always intended.
Speaker C: You sell your selfdocs, you did it yourself before somebody else did it to you.
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. I like to be able to do it, you know, like, on my own terms. Just like, if I'm. I'm gonna dox, I might as well do it myself.
Speaker B: Now. Has that changed anything for you? Like, in a postdocs world, is it easier, is it better? Or it's just you really haven't noticed anything?
Speaker A: You know, actually, one time I got recognized in San Francisco, which was kind of, like, scary to me. I was, like, never really expected that, ever. So, you know, besides that, I don't think it really has made that much of an impact. I would say I do. Like, there are a lot of benefits to being pseudo. It's cool just being able to navigate the world without people knowing and just being able to have, I think it's really just an optionality thing, having the optionality to divulge that information with someone that you trust when you want. That's really cool. Versus when your doctors, everyone already knows by default. I think in many ways you can get more authentic interactions with people if they don't know your background versus when they know your background. It's just like, by necessity, that's just going to change how they think about the situation. So I think there's actually a lot of benefits to being anon or sudo, but docs is the default state for almost every builder in the world ever, so it's not that bad.
Speaker B: I wonder how much of this, too becomes a Persona that you wear. Almost like Peter Parker has Spider man. He's got a superhero outfit and a superhero name and is sort of a different person as Spider man versus Peter Parker. I don't know if this has become that way for you, Pac man, but Pac man definitely has a name in the crypto industry, I would say, and sort of a narrative associated with that. As David kept mentioning, we're going to get to these projects. Blur has been an incredibly successful project. Blast has been an incredibly successful project. You as kind of like a young wonderkid kind of founder, building these things and seeing the vision for them, making them so successful. I'm curious what you think the perception of Pac man is kind of like the narrative. How do you think the industry sees you?
Speaker A: Yeah, that's an interesting question. I think it really depends on who you ask. I think if you ask crypto natives who are on chain, I think that they would think of me favorably. Maybe they've even used Blur. Maybe they've used blast. I think they would probably enjoy that as users. I think if you talk to different crowds, maybe they think I'm reckless or something based on what was built. So I think it really depends.
Speaker B: Are you reckless?
Speaker A: I would say no, although I think there's definitely a perception of that. I wouldn't be surprised if there was a perception of that. But in general, I actually don't like. I don't like taking risk, which might seem.
Speaker B: Where do you think weird the perception comes from so far?
Speaker A: I think it's just like, optics. I think I would have to share. If you list out, like, specific names, I might be able to try to put my head in there, put my head in their mindset, and then think about from that perspective. But I think that, yeah, I think just optically, it's really easy to fud ultimately, and what I've noticed is a lot of FuD really comes from optics more than fundamentals. So I think that's really what it comes down to, usually when you get into the fundamentals, you're going to find a different story than what you see just on the surface level on crypto, Twitter. And that's just not just for me, but something across the board that I've observed is that when you talk to people who are really deep into a system, an ecosystem, they usually have a very different perspective than when you talk to people who just understand things at a surface level or maybe don't understand the technical underpinnings of a thing. And so there's different levels of narratives based on how deep you go. So I think on the surface level, that's probably where it comes from.
Speaker C: On a surface level, what do you think? Just to put an archetype on it, the classic eth Maxi decentralization Maxi, what do you think their perception is of the Pacman ecosystem is?
Speaker A: Yeah, I think it really depends, because for some of them, some people really, really get it, and I think that they would be very positive, and I think other people would be negative. I think if there are specific perspectives that you share, then I think I could give my perspective on it. But what I typically do is I really just care about the end users at the end of the day. And I like to think from first principles is like, okay, what are we doing and how are we doing it? How do I feel about how we're doing it? Can I analyze how we're doing it and evaluate it against certain criteria that I think are important? And then from there, that's basically underpinning everything that I and the team is going to do. And then I pretty much ignore everything else other than the user perspective. So I would say I don't really have as clear of a perspective on, like, you know, oppositional framings, but, you know, if you. If you share specific ones, I could definitely talk about it.
Speaker C: Yeah, well, one of my interests in this episode is really unpacking the technical properties of what it means to have a layer two with native yield. And maybe that's kind of what you're referring to as more of the fundamentals. But I think people's. This is, this is me sharing a perspective. I think people's, like, reflex when they saw the launch of Blast was they saw a founder who was very successful, uh, gamifying the launch of Blur with different strategies for getting the token, like season one. You would do this activity to get this many points, I think. I think, correct me if I'm wrong, wrong, but Blur was one of the first things to do. Points to begin with, uh, or just to like have seasons around, like how to get the future token, really like kind of like crescendoing and corralling a community to do something that the protocol want. And this more or less spawned the points meta. And I think when people saw the launch of Blast, they saw a founder who had experience doing this and really just turned that dial up to eleven with a launch of blast with relatively aggressive marketing of points marketing of yield, blasting the native layer two and then launching the system before it was even a layer two. So launching a layer two, that was actually a multisig with aggressive incentive marketing with both points and yield, I think this was like people's spine reflex. And to this day, for people that still haven't looked into blast, that's probably still their perception of what blast is. And so hyper financialization, hyper incentives, aggressive marketing is like one, like a decent cohort of people's perception of what blast is. Like. How would you respond to that?
Speaker A: Yeah, I would think that for a cohort of like the crypto population, that definitely resonates with what I've seen. Yeah. Actually something that's very interesting about the points meta is as farmers aware, we were on the blur side. We were the first team product protocol to ever do that. What was really surprising to me was that I thought that that was going to get copied very, very quickly. I thought it was very clear to me that this would be the new distribution model. I thought everyone was going to do it. And actually it wasn't really until 15 months later when Blast was released that I think then I started seeing a lot of points starting to proliferate. And it's weird, it's 15 months is a really long time. And I think it was just, maybe the market just need to see the track record of like you were saying, the two for two. And then they're like, okay, maybe there's something here. And then they started copying. But it was very surprising to me that, you know, other builders like didn't really pick up on it sooner.
Speaker C: Friendtech was definitely a very big leveraging of points, was like the only ecosystem that I remember that came before blast that really leveraged points. And if I remember correctly, they also credited the whole Blur campaign as like one of their big prime motivations. Also paradigm shared investor in both blur and friend tech. And so maybe, maybe they were like, hey, points work. You guys should do points.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, definitely. I think that they, I think they came out like in the summer, so would have been like maybe like 1213 months post the first Blur campaign, which was in May of 2022. So it was May of 2022, and I think Fronttech was August of 2023, and then last was November of 2023. And then, yeah, I guess from that perspective, actually, there was, like three good data points, and then we started seeing a lot of it. In terms of that perspective that you shared, the aggressive hyper financialization, in terms of how things are developed, that's never the perspective. That's never something that's considered. How can we hyper financialize things? That's never actually the root of it. Even the incentives. The incentives are always an afterthought. Actually, the thing that's the starting point for everything is just really just where do we see gaps in the market? Where do we see problems that aren't being addressed? And then how do we provide more value to the end user? This is a financialized market, so more value typically is very correlated with is a user making more in this system than an alternative system or the status quo? Those are the first principles in which we're basically addressing these problems. And then from there, we'll design things where you think, okay, this is actually going to provide more value to the end user. And then from there, we can design a launch and we can design a campaign. But that's always the base of it. So I think that those reactions, it's really interesting. I think those are reacting to the surface level outputs, but it's actually the inputs that are actually driving everything. I think the inputs are actually way more interesting here when you look at it. So happy to talk about that, but I know you were going to switch topics.
Speaker C: No, that's actually exactly where I want to go. I want to go into just, what is the secret sauce inside of the blast system? But before we get there, I kind of want to just speed run through the arc of time that got Pac man to blast. So we just got to. For the listeners who didn't listen to our first episode, pac man, all about Blur, let's see if we can just speed run through the history of Blur. We had you on the show in February 2023 to talk all about it. So, like, speedrun us through your thought process to, like, why launch blur? And then what were some of the big lessons that you learned during blur that carried forward into blast? And then we'll formally unpack the blast conversation.
Speaker A: Yeah. So Blur started off. Started building it in January of 2022. The impetus for Blur was actually in my own experience as a user. So I really fell in love with NFT trading in 2021, minted up lipmap as my first NFT.
Speaker C: It was actually from the loot ecosystem.
Speaker A: Yes, yes. It was actually warm emoji. I don't know if you are familiar with him, but he's in the NFT ecosystem and he was working with Dom Hoffman at the time. They worked on the TikTok competitor that was later either sold or shut down, but from that they started lipmap, and he was in one of my group chats was like, hey, I created this project and I think you guys should check it out. And I was like, you know what, why not just throw a few hundred bucks at a time to the NFT? And I bought one and then they entire NFT bull run happened and I ended up selling around like 25, 30 eth. And I was just like super hooked afterwards. I was like, what is this crazy ecosystem? And I started getting really into trading nfts. I was doing some scripting, doing some data analytics, and just really getting into the ecosystem. I just really fell in love with the entire NFT ecosystem myself personally. And then as I was using the different infrastructures, I realized that everything was just really, really inefficient. I, as a user, washing, feeling a lot of pain, just like a lot of repetitive clicking, a lot of slow low times. And it's just very frustrating. I think there's a lot of studies on this where it's any sort of perceived lag by users is really painful. It's actually infuriating for people. And I just felt that myself. I was like, okay, there has to be a better way here. And that was the impetus for blur. Then we started building blur in January 2022. We ended up launching in October of 2022. And basically within three months, we went from 0% market share to greater than 50% market share. And then now we set around like 70% market share. And that was the trajectory of it. So we released blend at some point, I think it was in May, May or June of 2023. And blend was the lending protocol, the first peer to peer oracle free lending protocol for NFTs. And we integrated that, and that basically became immediately the number one, literally within one day, the number one NFT lending protocol on Ethereum. And since then, we just continued building and contributing to blur.
Speaker B: How did you do it? When you look back at this period of history, when we go from 0% to 70% of market share, obviously competitors weren't sleeping either. They were continuing to build. There were some that thought the moats around things like platforms like Opensea were pretty hard to get over. Pretty impenetrable. So what do you count to the success of blur? Why do you think it did so well and is doing so well?
Speaker A: Yeah. When you looked at the landscape at the time, there were a lot of NFT marketplaces. I actually remember looking into them early on before. Sorry. And blur, just because I was curious as a user and I kind of like, there was like a spreadsheet early on, but like 40 different NFT marketplaces. Coinbase, of course, famously was. They spent like, you know, millions and millions. I think it was maybe like hundreds of millions, like launching their NFT marketplace, which is like a total flop. Of course, there was opensea. There is, you know, looks rare. There's xu y two. There's. There's so, so many attempts. I think the reason why there is an opportunity, which is because, you know, even though there were so many attempts, no one was actually really building, I think, for the end user that kind of like, fit my profile, which was like, I really loved trading nfts specifically. So there was a lot of people kind of focusing on the retail aspect of things, but they weren't focusing on the trader aspect of things. And the vast majority of activity was coming from the trader side of things. And so no one was actually. So even though it was very competitive, no one was actually building for the traders. And we were really the first to build for the traders. And it's non trivial to build like a really fast real time platform. So I was really fortunate that my co founder and I, we recruited a bunch of our friends from MIT. They worked at trading firms like Citadel and other firms where just building really high speed, low latency infra is very important there. And it's non trivial for sure. So it was a combination of being the users ourselves and then also just kind of being fortunate in that our skillset was very aligned with what the market needed.
Speaker B: So blur has obviously been very successful and so is the concept of points, which I think we've basically given you credit for, and I think well deserved Pac man of sort of creating that meta in crypto and launching the current points craze that we're in right now. Can you talk about the genesis of points in blur? Was this like a very obvious concept to you or like, how did this come to be and why did you do it?
Speaker A: Yeah, blur was very interesting because, well, obviously it's like a protocol, not just like a startup, but if you think of it like a startup, it's very interesting because normally the startup journey is like, oh, you're supposed to launch things quickly, iterate a bunch, and actually you're gonna pivot a ton along the way because your thesis is gonna be wrong. You're gonna have to update, maybe you go into a whole new market, et cetera, et cetera. Blur was totally different. Blur was basically, before even starting on it, the entire roadmap. And what was gonna be built and how it was gonna be built was pretty much planned out. Um, we knew that we wanted to do a point system. We knew that we wanted to do an NFT marketplace for pro traders, make it like a real time, um, you know, Bloomberg terminal, uh, as experience. And that was, you know, all conceptualized, you know, prior, uh, prior to launch. I think the, the motivation behind it is, you know, our perspective is it's not, it's not from a perspective of like growth. It's not like marketing. Um, I think if you're thinking from a perspective of marketing, you're probably thinking about it wrong. Um, it's more so about how do we align incentives, uh, with the users. What we wanted to do was we wanted to uh, basically create this system where it's like as a user, if you're contributing to the growth of this protocol, then you're going to be rewarded in the same way that if you think about like bitcoin, it's like as a bitcoin user, bitcoin actually aligns incentives like so perfectly, right. It's like you as a user, you can hold it and you can shill it, right? And that, that's actually supporting the growth of the ecosystem. As a miner, you can, you know, go and uh, build out mining capacity and that increases security of the network, which is actually allows, you know, more users to come in and you're rewarded that way. So bitcoin actually almost perfectly aligns incentives and it's no wonder that it's grown to be as big as it has been. I think there's the OG incentive alignment that's just so beautiful to study when we think through, okay, we want to build this protocol. And in our view, there's a way to actually build a protocol where the entire market is benefiting from it. Well, how do we create a system that is basically tracking people's contributions to that system? And so that's where the points came about. So it's funny because I think that a lot of people would probably not people who are users, but people who are outsiders watching in. They might think of points as this cheap gimmick in a way, but again, that's just an output from someone that's not a user. The entire point of points is that it's actually incentive alignment with the user base. And so basically we wanted to encapsulate and be able to measure people's contribution. And then our perspective is like, okay, from there, then they get to end up basically controlling that network that they're contributing to in a similar way to, again, like with bitcoin, it's like if you build a miner, if you're a holder and you actually onboard more people, you're actually being rewarded for that. And implicitly that's the motivation for everything.
Speaker B: So it's not about marketing, it's about incentive alignment. How's that different than marketing? So in your mind, is marketing a bit more kind of like top down the startup? The protocol. Protocol kind of like pushes that out to the masses. Whereas you know, something with um, aligning incentives makes each individual user a marketer. Uh, how would you like. Yeah, why, why is this not marketing?
Speaker A: I think of marketing. Uh, you, you can consider it like I think it's fair to say like the output is, is kind of doing the job of what marketing would do. Uh, I think like that marketing is a byproduct. Right? Marketing is a byproduct. So the, the input is incentive alignment. One of the outputs you could say is marketing. I think that would be very fair. When I think of marketing, I think of more. So it's kind of more of almost like a selfish orientation. It's like, oh, how do we sell this product to users or how do we get this into the hands of people? It's really from the perspective of what's good for a specific organization or whoever's doing the marketing. And that's fine. That's a separate thing and it's very valuable, actually. You need to invest in marketing. That's definitely a thing that matters. For the point specifically. That's not the goal. It's not the thing that like, it's not the input that's leading to the design. Um, it w, it is like an output though. I think that's super fair.
Speaker B: What do you think of where points have evolved up to this point? Whereup to this point? Uh, yeah, where there are so many crypto projects now that have implemented points. Are you sort of proud about your contribution here? Do you think they're doing it the right way? Do you think this is a better state than uh, like the world of crypto twelve months ago, which basically had no points apart from uh, the blur project is interesting.
Speaker A: What I've seen a lot of is something akin to what I would say like copy trading, where it seems like there's a lot of teams implementing these points, probably from the perspective of marketing and them being like this is a good growth mechanism. And it doesn't actually seem like there's a lot of in depth understanding from first principles. And I think that when you're not approaching it from first principles, then the output is going to be really, really different. Something that I see a lot of is kind of akin to farming the farmers, where they almost seem like predatory programs. That's just extracting value from the user base in a very gamified way. And I think that's fairly suboptimal in a similar way to, I think, bitcoin aligned incentives and created something really incredible. But that doesn't mean that every crypto project that spawned since bitcoin has been a net positive to users. I think a lot of them have been fairly large net negatives. That doesn't detract from what bitcoin has done. I just think some projects are kind of taking learnings from bitcoin and implementing things, again from first principles to create net value for the world. Other projects seem to kind of just maybe copy it for their own reasons. And I think that ultimately it's the ones that are really, think about it from first principles that are making contribution. The other ones just kind of copy trading. It's not necessarily beneficial.
Speaker B: Go into that more. Where do current point systems go wrong, do you think? What does it mean to farm the farmers? What did you mean by that?
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that if you like, you know, something that I see a lot of is there's two things sometimes like, they're, they're like very undefined timelines. That one, I think is like really, really hard. But it's not just undefined timelines, it's undefined timelines. Plus, basically what the incentives are doing is that it's incentivizing people to transfer money from like their wallet to the team or the protocols wallet. And so basically, like what, what that is doing is it means the teams are being rewarded in the short term and the users who are participating are hopefully rewarded in the long term. But there's almost this incentive misalignment where it's like the teams actually have a short time horizon in which they're benefiting. The users have a long time horizon in which they're benefiting. And actually in the short time horizon, the users are losing out because they're literally spending money and getting their wallet drained over time. That incentive misalignment is actually really suboptimal. So I think if you look at specific projects and you kind of think about it from this perspective, you can see these incentive misalignments coming out. Really what you want is you want all of the contributors, whether it's the team investors, random users, core users, everyone ideally is incentive aligned on a similar time horizon. That is the best thing. But if someone's benefiting in the short term and others are benefiting the long term, that's misaligned.
Speaker C: This just reminds me of just the same pattern that we've seen throughout crypto, throughout all of the cycles where the ICO movement started, with some of the best projects that we know of, the major one being Ethereum itself. And then as time went on, the icos increased in their misalignment between token issuers and ETH receivers. And truly that principle agent problem is, I think more or less what you're talking about. Wherever I teams benefit in the short term, users might benefit in the long term, but as time goes on, that might becomes even more dubious and almost assured that users end up getting exploited just because of that incentive mismatch. This is something that I see happening with the points. Meta people are using points very effectively to get what they want done. I'm worried as time goes on, that appropriate leveraging turns into user exploitation as this meta spirals out of control. Pac man, just what advice would you have for users who are interested in points who also don't want to lose, lose out on their stack, lose out on their web? What advice do you have for users who are playing in the points game? How should they think about this whole thing?
Speaker A: The best way to think about it, and this is tough because it requires effort and thoughtful analysis, which takes time. And especially in this market where it's a bull market and you have crazy opportunities popping up and you kind of have to act fast? I think it's really, really tough. Every single bull market is similar. Same thing with the icos. It's just like, oh, if you participate in Ethereum ICO, it's like you were made through that. It was one of the best wealth creation events in history, especially for the general public. But then a lot of the icos after that were obviously just taking funds from users and you didn't want to miss out on the next thing. So I think it's really, really tough. I think that to the extent that a user can try to understand the system and get a sense of, okay, is the team that is implementing the system, are they actually incentive aligned with us as users on the same time horizon? Basically, if everyone's on the same boat, then I think that's probably a good heuristic. If the users are in one boat and other people are in a different boat, whether it's the team or investors or, you know, other, you know, counterparties in the system, if they're on, like, a different boat and you're not on that boat, then you're probably on the wrong boat. At the end of the day, maybe it still works out, but, you know, I think it's much more dangerous. So I think, think about it from that perspective.
Speaker C: Let's finally get into blast. The subject matter of the episode, all of that, I think, was five or six or seven different ways to enter into the blast conversation. And now we're finally here. But really starting at the very, very beginnings. Where did the idea for blast blast come from in the first place? Because you already had blur. Blur is already a project that, like, you could spend your whole entire life building that whole kingdom. But blast is also an entirely brand new, very ambitious project. Where did the idea for blast come from? Why does the world need blast? Why do you need to build blast?
Speaker A: With blast, the intention was never to start up another project that was like. Like one. Contributing to one is enough effort. You know, doing two simultaneously is extremely exhausting. But blast came about for a number of reasons. One of them was actually informed by my experience contributing to blur. So at a certain point, we started looking at layer twos. I think layer twos in general is pretty obvious. They're the future. Someone having to spend dollar 50 in gas on an NFT on l one, that just really prices out a ton of use cases and possibilities of what nfts, which is non fungible digital assets, can be. So we were really digging into the various l two s. I was fortunate to be able to talk with pretty much every team. The founders of the various l two s had my co founder digging into them as well, from a technical perspective. And the thing that really stood out to me after doing that investigation was, and this is from the perspective of a builder, because there's different perspectives that you have to consider here, but from the perspective of a builder behind one of the largest l one apps, if you go to and look at the gas consumers, blur is consistently one of the top ones from the perspective of a builder. From one of those dapps, I didn't find any l two particularly compelling. They seemed to all offer pretty much the same thing. It was really confusing to me because I was like, ok, actually, my perception of l two s as a bystander, right. This is like, as an outsider again, and the outsider perspective is usually the perspective that you can kind of discount the most. Usually at least she's like, weighted the least. But as an outsider, initially, I was like, oh, these l two s are, like, super differentiated. Like, you know, this one has this feature and this one has this feature, and they all, they all talk about different things and, you know, they're all, they all kind of have their stake in different aspects of the market. So that was, like, my perspective. And then once I actually dug into it, I was like, wait, actually, like, as a builder, I don't really find any of these, like, particularly compelling. That was one. Another one was on the blur side. A problem that we experienced was that the blur pool had around $100 million in it since February, basically, of 2023, that ETH was just sitting there not earning any yield. We realized early on, we were like, wait, this is a ton of eth in the pool. If yields could be earned from this, it could be really utilized in a helpful way. It could fund further contributions, it could go back to the users. Those would be great things. But when we dug into it from a technical perspective, it was not really feasible to go ahead and take advantage of the yield just due to the transactions and the gas and just the mechanics of what needed to be done. We had this pool with a ton of eth, and there's value that could have been unlocked from it. We're never able to tap into it. Basically, those were two underlying principles. Blast came about from identifying, after digging into the l two market, realizing that there was this large gap that wasn't filled in, that none of these l two s were offering yield to the users. And when we think about yield, it's a really important concept, because ultimately there's two high level principles that you hold to be true. One is that markets will march towards efficiency, and two is that that liquidity will flow to where it can get the highest yield. And if you think about the different types of yield, there's a lot of history that you can study. One example of yield, of course, is the quote, unquote risk free rate that the Fed controls. And this, raising this or lowering this by even a few BPS actually has drastic impacts on the economy, and it's how they actually control and influence inflation. And just with a few percentage points, they're able to actually drastically have significant impacts on the economy. And if you look on chain, there now exists on ethereum a similar low risk yield in the form of e staking. And so ethereum as an l one had this yield around three to 4%, and that alone sucked up around $20 billion of liquidity into the various liquid staking protocols. Now, it's probably more haven't checked recently, but that was the case on the l one SDE, but on the l two s, all of them had a baseline interest rate of about 0%. And when I realized that, that really stood out to me. I was like, wait, the interest rate is 0% on l two s when it's actually around three to 4% on l one s. And so the realization was that we could actually basically have a zero to one moment. We could raise interest rate from 0% to around three to 4% by implementing native yield into the l two. There's a big question initially on whether that was even possible. We had to make really significant changes, as well as just coming up with fairly novel mechanisms to actually make that native yield possible. That was step one. But once we identified that that was possible, we were like, okay, this is clearly the future. This actually enables a lot of really interesting things. One is obviously for the users now they're just earning more. By default. Blast users as a whole are earning around 130 million in annual yield just by keeping their ETH and staples on blast. But actually, from a developer's perspective, it actually enables you to build new kinds of dapps and specifically new business models that aren't really possible anywhere else. Once we realized this, we were like, okay, this is clearly going to be where the future lies. And that's where we threw the energy into. Again, it wasn't a premeditated thing. We didn't plan on going out, and my co founder and I, we didn't plan on starting up an El Sud. We weren't like, oh, the l two market is a big market and we want to get into it. That was not at all the intention, really. It was us as users, as builders. In this case, looking at l two s, basically realizing that none of them were particularly interesting for us as builders, and then from there realizing, oh, this is the shape of something that actually would be really interesting and valuable to us.
Speaker C: All right, so arbitrum, optimism, polygon, they're all going after EVM, ethereum equivalents. And you were looking around the layer two landscape and saying, well, there's not a lot of differentiation here. And then noticing just the massive opportunity there is. And just putting dormant assets to work inside of a layer two. Hence blast being the natively yield bearing layer two. I'll have to admit that I actually totally mid curve to this when I first heard about blast in the first place. And maybe that you can actually answer this question. I always thought that my first impressions of blast was like, why does it need to be natively yield bearing when I could just use Lido staked ETH inside of Aave on optimism, right? And now, now I'm getting yield and I'm on optimism. And so like, why, why does the layer two need to be lit native yield bearing instead of you could just use a staked eth token, send that over to your layer two. And now you're just getting that yield that you would be passing along to your users on blast, but now you're just doing it in all the other layer two. Uh, tell me why I'm mid curve on this.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's, that's a great, great perspective. Like that reaction is like, that's like a, I think that's like a reasonably smart person, like default reaction. Uh, so like totally makes sense that like, that's like the default reaction in terms of why it's important is because fundamentally, when you think about the on chain economy and specifically within the ethereum ecosystem, there's a base unit of currency, uh, that people use for transacting, and that's ethan. And all of this infrastructure is actually built around spending ETh as this transaction primitive. When you look at l two s, it's similar. Everyone's spending ETH as a transaction primitive. And actually that as the default transaction primitive. That default really matters because all of the infrastructure, all the users, they're all oriented around spending ETH. When you have a ERC 20 instead, there's a number of differences there. One is there's just baseline, just like programming differences in terms of you need to approve the spend on an ERC 20, it's lessen gas efficient. There's a number of UI UX differences between spending ETH and spending an ERC 20. And then again, there's a lot of default infrastructure that's built around ETH that you have to basically change to build around like an ERC 20. And there's just like a lot of path dependency, basically, where because of that path dependency, using a ERC 20 is actually like really sub optimal because you're not going to get adoption within the system, both from like the Dapp side, the infra side, and then also just from the user side, because users are very oriented towards spending Ethan. So the EtH itself, and again, like, it's not just that it's like a default, but actually what you can build when you have ETH that you can spend, that's earning yield versus like an ERC 20, those are, those are different things.
Speaker C: Okay, so maybe we can just like kind of set, set the table here. The reason why wrapped eth exists on the ethereum layer one at all is because eth is not an ERc 20 token natively. On the ethereum layer one, eth is eth. All the other ERC 20 tokens are ERC 20 tokens, but ETH is eth. And so there's this mismatch there that creates the need to have wrapped ETH, which is the ERC 20 version of Ethereum that can be like used. It's used in Aave, it's used on Opensea, it's used in blur, just to make it compatible with all the other ERC 20 tokens. And so what you're saying is that like if we denominate our layer two technically at the technical level, at the deepest level in an ERC 20 token, that can open up some defi ux, new surface area, new improvements, and simultaneously it also allows us to have native yield as the unit of account, the denomination of the blast layer two, is that what you're saying?
Speaker A: That's along the lines, but I want to make it clear, it's not an ERC 20 that is the native unit of account on blast. It's Eth itself. There were significant changes that we had to make to make the ETh itself natively yield bearing. And that's actually what we mean when we say native yield. What's really funny is that post launch we've seen a lot of competitors actually copy that wording and they'll basically deploy steth on their chain and they'll be like, we now have native yield. And it's really funny when we see that, because they're copying the marketing, they're copying the output, but they're not actually copying the input, which is what is the thing that's native yield bearing. It's the eth itself. I think a good way to get intuition on this is imagine if ethereum as an l one suddenly made all of the eth yield bearing. So you're not converting your ETH. It's not that everyone's converting their EtH into steed, it's that your eth itself in your wallet is now natively yield bearing the effect of that would be so profound. Like the second order effects of that would be so profound. It's very, very different than just steeth on its own existing, because Steve already exists on Ethereum. Right. But if you consider, if you imagine a scenario where Eth itself was the thing that was still bearing, you'd have a very different output from a system perspective. Now, eth can't really do that. Well, maybe at the technical level, with certain upgrades, maybe that would be possible. I think that's not really something that we'd really consider from a practical perspective, is not going to do that. But an l two actually can do that, and l two can basically create an environment where it was as if Ethereum itself had eth be the yield bearing asset. And again, the second order effects of that are quite divergent than what you have on l one today, which is you have Ethan, Steve.
Speaker B: It's kind of interesting. And of course, the theorem will never do this for the same, for part, partially, maybe some of the same reasons that the US would never do this. But it's almost like a us economy runs on the dollar, basically. And what if there was a us government treasury update which basically made all dollars into treasuries or something, and you got the dollar plus your 5% yield or whatever the current fed fund rate is? That's essentially what you're doing inside of last, but you're making that kind of the unit of account, the medium of exchange for everything there. You're just providing the yield. So how does that work as a user than pac man? So basically, if I move some ether over to l two, does it instantly become yield bearing? And how about my stable coins too? Because you're not just limiting this to eth, right? Also, if I move my USDC or my dai or something like this, magically becomes yield bearing. Can you talk about the mechanics for someone who hasn't used blast before?
Speaker A: Yeah, totally. And before I dig into that, I think that your example is really great for developing intuition on this. Right. It's like, oh, like for us dollars? Like, yeah, we do have options where you can deposit your us dollars into a yield bearing account. But intuitively, you can understand that if everyone's us dollars, right, the dollars that you're spending from your credit card, the dollars that are in your bank, the dollar you're wiring, if every single dollar that people were using was actually yield bearing, that would have very different effects on the system. I think that's a great way of developing an intuition about it. It's a very subtle thing. It's not immediate obvious, but it's a subtle thing. But it has a profound impact in terms of what the user experience is. This is actually the hardest thing. When you bridge your ETH over to blast, basically you'll have, let's say you're using metamask, you bridge one ETH from Mainnet to blast, you switch over to the blast network, you're going to see one ETH in your metamask wallet. The difference is that in a year that one ETH is going to become 1.04 ETH automatically. The next year would be 1.08, next year will be 1.12, et cetera, et cetera. So as a user, you don't actually have to do anything to opt into this. It's just automatically happening and your balance is actually automatically accruing. The challenge that we had was actually making sure that we could implement this system while maintaining EVM compatibility. That was super hard. We basically had to modify low level details about how the EVM works, including the underlying storage layout for every account, for every wallet, in order to make this possible. So it was pretty significant engineering that went to it, but the output is actually really simple. I think that's actually why it's really easy to dismiss it, because the output is just like, oh, I deposit my ETH over to blast and now I just have the same amount of ETH in my wallet optically, from a user from a UI UX perspective is actually the same. And a lot of work had to go into making that experience the same.
Speaker C: So that's like the technical moat around blast is like you guys have done, like the hard low level engineering to make this thing technically feasible without breaking compatibility with the EVM ecosystem. You keep saying this word profound about like what this unlocks and all of the downstream consequences of that, like spark our imagination here. Like, what about this is so profound?
Speaker A: Yeah, I think there's a few different aspects of it, and frankly, I actually think that like, like even my understanding, because it's very hard, I think through 2nd, 3rd level effects. So even my understanding is going to be probably limited in terms of what actually ends up happening and the differences that end up happening. But just at a surface level, if you think from dapps, if you think about every single successful Dapp category, once you have this native yield as a primitive, when you think about the unlocks you actually are able to unlock, new business models aren't really possible otherwise. So I think a great example is if you look at like perp Dexs, perp Dexs, they typically will go ahead and monetize off of trading fees, right? So that's very standard. But they actually have a lot of TVL. You know, like Dy. DX will have like a few hundred million in TVL. GMX is a few hundred million. You know, they regularly have around, you know, like a few hundred million TVL. And what you could do with this native yield is that you can actually have a perp Dex that monetizes off the yield instead of trading fees very, very easily. And now, again, it seems very simple, but it's basically a disruptive business model approach where you can kind of be like Robinhood with all the brokerages. Robinhood came out and they charge everyone zero trading fees and they coupled it with a nice mobile app, but it was mobile app coupled with new business model, and all the other trading firms were charging you dollar five per trade, that kind of thing. Robinhood actually had a profound impact on the market. On the server's level. It's just like, oh, they just charge zero fees. That's not really something that's interesting. But actually the second 3rd level impact was that it onboarded huge amount of retail into trading, and it's where Wall street bets came from. And there's so many other things that happen as a result. That's just for perp Dexs. As an example, if you look at DeXs, Uniswap has billions in TvL on L one and across all their different apps, that TVL could be used to one give the yield back to the LP's. So now you're increasing basically the yield rate for people who are market making effectively for Uniswap. So that can actually deepen liquidity, because if you increase the rewards, you're going to have more participation. Another thing that could happen is all of this drama around the Uniswap V switch. There's a world where actually uniswap just monetize off that yield and they never had to turn on the fee switch, and they actually never have to to worry about what happens when they turn on that fee switch. Because I guarantee as soon as Uniswap turns on that fee switch, there's going to be competitors that are trying to vampire attack Uniswap with a zero fee model. Of course we'll have to see if it works, but you know that that's just going to happen. But in this world, you could actually completely circumvent that entirely, because now you have a protocol that can fund itself in this kind of invisible way because people don't really like fuel yield. Intuitively, I think that's why, that's why the dollar supply increasing is so invisible to people. Inflation is so invisible to people on the hill, it gets really bad. So there's a lot of things that you can do with it that you can't really do without having that primitive built in.
Speaker C: Historically, inside of the Ethereum ecosystem, we've illustrated ETH staking as the opportunity costs. The rate that you get from staking your ETH is the payment that the Ethereum protocol is paying you to forego any other opportunity costs that you would have in Defi. And this is true. Like when you put your Eth into the ETh USDC pair on uniswap, you're not staking your Eth, right? When you're lending out your ETH inside of Aave or compound, you are not staking your ETH, you're getting rewarded for it. But it comes at the cost of not being able to also stake your ETH. And so it's really always been like, do you either stake your ETH or you use defi? And you never really get to do both. But really you've seemed to place a lot of emphasis on the aligning of incentives. Maybe one very simple way to articulate what blast is, is its defi and staking rather than Defi or staking. Is that like a dumb way to put it? A simple way to put it?
Speaker A: Yeah, I think removing the opportunity costs and changing the or to the end is like a very simple way to put it. But I think that's a good description. And again, this has really significant impacts because we know that when interest rates are zero in the US now, there's no longer this or psychology that I have to go through. It's actually, it goes to an and because you're earning 0% anyway, so you might as well go and deploy that capital into the market. And we know that that is a very different market that we operate in than when you have interest rates at 5%. And now that or is actually quite significant, and basically we're changing the or to an end.
Speaker C: The other thing that comes to mind is that being a developer becomes a lot easier to leverage in all of the yield if you don't have to think about it. And so previously, like, if you were building like GMX on Arbitrum or, or any other Defi app anywhere else, you would have to think about like the opportunity costs that you were giving up in trying to like manually rewire yield back into your app by redenominating in like Lido staked ETH or like staking natively inside of your own protocol. That's like overhead for all the developers who would manually have to manually have to like wire that up. And so what you've done at blast is just, you've wired it up natively into the whole entire layer two without breaking compatibility. So the developer overhead is much easier. They get efficiency out of the box by being inside of blast.
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. Although I would say it's not just overhead. In some cases it might just not even be feasible because there are certain contract size limitations. There's also just gas limitations. If you're taking an ETH and you have to reroute that into a different contract to get like steeth. And then when users want to take that out, you have to unwrap the seats somehow, right? So you're probably going to have to sell it and maybe you're taking slippage and maybe that's just unacceptable, right? So maybe you have now keep a separate pool of like, eth seats so you're not actually able to like stake the entire eth that you take in. You have to stake like, you know, 80%. And then if more than 20% gets withdrawn at a time. Now you have like a very difficult situation where like the withdrawals either take a long time or you have like, you know, incredible slippage for the users. Like, you know, it's, it's not just that, it's like overhead. It might just like not really be feasible given the technical constraints and also just like the business constraints of the DAP. So when you have the ETH like natively yield bearing, that that just really changes things. Now that isn't to say that like Dapps can just like copy paste you know, what's on Ethereum l one and put that onto blast and take advantage of it. They can do that and their dapps will actually just work fully without them having to do anything. We have some very interesting, basically we have modes for different Dapps where they can actually either opt in to take advantage of the yield or not. We had to design the system so that you could have this on ramp period where Dapps can actually deploy onto blast before they fully taken advantage of the native yield and have this transition. In order to take advantage of the native yield, you do have to actually change what you're building. If you're building perp Dex, that's charging, you know, zero trading fees and monetizing off the yield. It's like, that's, you're going to have to code it a little bit different than if you're doing a perp Dex that charges fees. So it's like, it's not just like, oh, you kind of get it, like, without any effort, but it's more. So it actually makes it possible for you to kind of put in some of that effort to design a new system to take advantage of it when it wasn't really possible before.
Speaker B: Where does this yield come from for ether? Pac man? So obviously, it's from kind of eth staking, right, which is sort of, again, the risk free rate for Ethereum. But is this inside some sort of a staking pool under the covers? Is it all going into something like lido, or what is this coming from?
Speaker A: Yeah, that's a great question. And actually, this is something that we saw criticism on that we were like, wow, this is people really not getting the path forward here, which is interesting to contend with. But basically the yield for the ethereum is coming from Lido. It's coming from seath. The yield for the stablecoins is coming from Makerdao's DSR. And on the topic of using lido, this is the infrastructure that the protocol uses during this bootstrapping phase. In the long term, lido is not going to be the only protocol used. It might not even be used at all. What's really important is that the layer two gets to choose what strategies are applied. Lido was chosen initially because it's the largest e staking protocol. It has over $20 billion in it. That's a very large security bounty. It made a lot of sense to us to rely on that initially. But in the long term, the l two can basically replace Lido with other additional liquid staking protocols. The nice thing about this is it can actually decentralize liquid staking even further because Lido has a crazy amount of share. All those deposits are controlled by Lido, but in this case, all the blast deposits are controlled by the l two itself. So the community in the future could actually divest away from Lido and actually basically decentralize the staking pools even further than it is today. That was actually something that I saw a lot of criticism on because people were like, oh, they're using lido. They're just making Lido even more of a threat to the system is like, no, it's actually the best way that you could actually probably decentralize assets out of Lido in the future. You just have to think on a longer time horizon.
Speaker C: So is there a notion of other modules, like yield modules that you could leverage as the layer two? So Ethena comes to mind as another place to generate native yield in dollar denominated terms, there's Eigen layer for not just ETH staking, but now also restaking for additional yield. So what is the thought about the evolution of where yield actually hooks into black?
Speaker A: Yeah, so this is something that we're going to have to work with the community on. I think ultimately anything done here has to be a community driven initiative. If it was, if it was not, I just, I think that really affects the governance of the system. Like, I think it has to be community initiated. But to the extent that any of these initiatives are put forth by the community, I think at minimum, you know, and this is something that we still have to define the process. Right. So, like, this is something that will come out, you know, once the. We're right now in the building phase, the bootstrapping phase, all the focus is pretty much on helping dapps on the l two actually take advantage of the native yields. It's more so on the application layer. But when we think about the yield layer and what improvements can we make there? There has to be a lot of process that's defined for it. But I think it's really important for the community to think through and analyze what are the risks of any of the models. Like, Eigen is clearly a very interesting model that has a ton of TVL. There's a lot of people that put their trust in it. But I think Eigen is relatively new. I don't think they've even turned on their abs. I'm not super deep into the system, but it's. Slashing isn't even possible right now. So you have a ton of value in the thing, but you don't actually know how much slashing will occur. And hopefully they turn it on and there's no slashing, and everyone's just earning a lot more yield basically for free. Like that is like definitely the hope, but we don't actually know that yet. And that's not, that's not like a, like to Negan or anything like that. It's just like, I think for, for like the l two, when you think through, like, you know, what is driving like the yield for like, assets on the entire chain. You have to choose things that have a, you know, better security profile, like a better track record, you know, more Lendy. Right. This is why, like, bitcoin is where all the value accrues. Because if you want something else. It's like a better digital gold. It's like you don't really have the track record. You don't have the trillions in security budget that bitcoin has. Because if you can attack bitcoin, you literally have trillions of value that you can unlock there, and they haven't really successfully attacked it yet. That just shows that there's a lot of trust they can put in it. Similarly, I think for any new strategy, whether it's Eigen or Athena, you really have to look at what the security profile of that strategy is. I think Athena, similarly, on the stable coin side is they're basically democratizing the basis trade trade. That's great. That makes a lot of sense. But we know ways in which the basis trade doesn't work out. If the interest rates go negative, if we switch from a bull market to a bear market, you can have these issues where now you're no longer earning yield, you're actually losing money over time. You have to really think about each of these different strategies in terms of ultimately, it's securing the value on the chain itself. Will the l two basically decentralize the strategies, the yield in the future across multiple different strategies? Absolutely, yes. Is that something that's going to be super fast or should be super fast? No, it needs to be something that's very, very thoughtful, because ultimately, it's the security of the entire chain.
Speaker B: Yeah, and I even wonder if you'll ever want to go there. I mean, it's kind of like when we were talking about forklifting, upgrading the us economy to t bills. Imagine doing that rather than t bills yield from corporate bonds, even if it was like a massive company like apple bonds, for example. I mean, would you really want to risk forklifting your entire economy and making it run on apple bonds rather than risk free? Rate of T bills is kind of the question here. While we were talking about rates. Oh, go ahead, Pacman.
Speaker A: I was just going to say, I dont really think it makes sense to have different types of yield. I think its okay to have different providers of yield. So its like. Like it's not Lido versus lending to some random firm that's giving you some interest on that rate. It's lido versus the next biggest liquid staking protocol or some other liquid staking protocols. Yeah, exactly.
Speaker B: While we're talking about yield, we've been talking about ether most of the time. But you also slipped in that stablecoins have a yield here that comes from DAi, the DSR. You said so that the dai savings rate, I assume so. If I move dollars into this thing, what happens? I understand what happens with my eth, but do I get yield bearing dollars? And can I move USDC in this, or is it just limited to Dai? Can you describe what that looks like?
Speaker A: Yeah, definitely. And actually, I'm happy to touch on this. And there's another thing which is not stressed as much, but actually really important as well, which is blasts. And l two actually gives all of the net gas revenue back to the Dapps. So we had to come up with pretty novel mechanisms to actually do that in a secure way. And I'm happy to talk about that. And the impetus for that was when we thought from the ground up, what could an l two be? We realized that that would be something that we really valued as builders, but just to touch on the stablecoin side of things. So basically, when you bridge over USCC, USDT, Dai to blast, what you get on the receiving end is USDB, which is blast native stablecoin. And USCB is a yield bearing stablecoin. So basically it goes from, if you have one USD in your wallet today, in a year it becomes 1.15 USD. The current interest rate for 15%. Wow, 15%.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's coming from DSR, right? The Dai savings rate.
Speaker A: Yeah, it comes from Makerdao. So basically, when you bridge over, your assets are put into Makerdao's. DsRdhe and Makerdao recently updated their interest rate from 5% to 15%. And where that yield comes from is a combination of things. A portion of it is in, there's various t bill strategies that Makerdao has that. It's like Monticello is like Clydexelle or something like that. Basically, some of it is in off chain t bills. A lot of it is also just being lent out. So makerdao is this, this protocol where you can deposit eth, right? If you deposit like one ETH, you can basically mint like a few hundred dollars of DAI, right. It's like an over collateralized lending protocol. And basically the borrow rate for that DAI is 15%.
Speaker B: That's very cool. Let me ask you, you were talking about sort of robustness of the system and the different sources of these yield, how you have to be very careful. It strikes me that the entire setup, though, of this system is for like a positive interest rate environment, a positive yield environment. And recently in Covid, of course, we saw rates go into for some central banks in some countries, kind of like negative interest rate territory. I'm not saying that could happen with ether, but it's not completely off the table. There are some protocol upgrades that might make that a possibility in the medium to distant future. And also the DSR could get into negative rate territory. What happens to blast if some of these assets start getting negative rates? Does capital just flood out, or have you thought about that scenario very much?
Speaker A: Yeah, it's a great question. And actually it's interesting because a lot of what is implemented for these individual protocols, whether it's lido or maker or a lot of these different yield bearing protocols, is something that the L two itself also implements. Pretty much every protocol has this insurance program that they run where it's like they have this insurance pool, and in the case of adverse events, they can deploy that insurance pool to make everything whole. And for the most part, I'm pretty sure that hasn't really needed to be deployed, but that's what these underlying protocols utilize. And similarly, for the L two itself, it also utilizes an insurance pool. So that insurance pool grows over time. And basically, to the extent that insurance pools of the underlying protocols are blown out, then the L two itself has an insurance pool that can be utilized. And this entire system, it's, I mean, yeah, we can talk a lot about, like insurance. Like the finance of insurance is like really, really interesting, but it's basically just like you're borrowing from the present in order to pay off like debt in the future, right? Because like, you know, in a long enough time horizon, you know, maybe something adverse happens, and if you borrow enough in the present, you can actually like pay off those adverse events in the future. That's like basically how insurance works. And that's basically the same model that the l two has.
Speaker B: I was thinking less insurance, though. That is great. And it's important to kind of COVID that and more actual, like rates of ether itself going into kind of negative territory because there has been some talk of this as a potential in the future. We've never done a bankless podcast because it's still kind of like research type conversation.
Speaker C: But yes, we have. I did it with Anthony.
Speaker B: Okay, well, so some ability for there to be like a hard cap on the number of ETH validators potentially, which you could send rates into negative territory. And the reason that the protocol may want to incent for this is so that not 100% of the ETH doesn't get staked. Ethereum might decide that's not in the best interest of the ethereum network. We start to get negative staking rates here, I guess capital floods out of the system and maybe that equilibrates and balances out. Or maybe it stays negative for a while. What happens if ether goes negative again? This is a hypothetical in the future, but probably comes into play if your entire layer two is based on eth yield.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's a great question. That's a very interesting model. If the l one were to upgrade to do that, I'm sure it would be something with months and months of preparation ahead of time. I can't imagine a world in which that happens and the l two is still staking its eth to get a negative interest rate. It would just operate every other l two and not stake the eth. I think the simple answer is that it would just stop staking it in Lido. It would just keep the ETh in the bridge, which is the default on every other l two. The system is built to basically handle variable interest rates. If the interest rates went to zero in that sense, because now it's no longer getting staked, then the layer would basically be able to update to handle that. There not really need to be any changes made to do that. It would just be like, okay, now if you have one eth in your wallet, a year from now, it's still going to be one eth.
Speaker B: Pac man, get back to this last thing that you mentioned earlier. The net gas revenue goes back to the Dapp. So I actually wasn't familiar with how that worked. Can you describe how that works in blast?
Speaker A: Yeah. So basically, the way every l two works today is that the daos, or it might just be like the foundations behind the l two s, they're earning sequencer revenue. So it's like people are paying a certain amount of gas to use the l two, and then the l two is paying a certain amount of gas to put those transactions onto the l one. And usually there's a difference between those, and the l two is actually making profit, and millions in profit from that net gas revenue. And those foundations typically keep that revenue from themselves, which makes sense given their business model. But something interesting that blast is able to do is, because it has this yield as a new primitive, it can afford to actually zero out the gas revenue. So I talked about how this yield enables new business models for dapps that aren't possible today. But actually it enables new business models for the l two itself that aren't possible today as well, in that all the net gas is actually given back to the DApps that are generating the transactions. And this is. I also think that this is really interesting, because now you can kind of build new types of Dapps that monetize in different ways. Right. Like if you have a DAp that isn't really accruing a lot of TVL, but is actually just like used a lot. Like maybe it's like the disperse app or some random Dapps like that you can actually monetize that DAP through the gas because they can basically just call a function to basically send all the net gas revenue to a separate address. So that's one model. The other thing is you can have assets, whereas maybe instead of having a token where you charge 5% tax, maybe you can just have the token, basically give all the net gas to the creator. And now you can have a new business model for that token. Similar with an NFT. It's like every time that NFT gets traded or used in a game, whatever the net gas is, it actually could be sent back to the creator. So that's another primitive that I'm really excited about. But any of these new primitives is going to take time for it to play out. We've only been live for at this point, 18 days. I'm really, really happy with where the ecosystem is today. It's like overdose. A billion tvl in the Dapps is like the second largest l two by Dapptvl. Right? Third largest by bridge TVL, but second by DappTVL, which I think is, you know, you know, just as important, if not more important. But in terms of, like, the builder lifecycle to take advantage of these primitives, it takes like a number of months to actually go and, you know, build something new. Like, if you're like a legit team and you're building something that's providing value to the end users, like, that's probably going to take you at least three to six months, and that's if you're like a really quick team. So I think it's going to take a long time to kind of see this play out of. But it is a primitive that I'm very excited about.
Speaker C: There's recently a competition of sorts that happened on blast for all these different projects that are incubating themselves on blast. There's like a hackathon of sorts where there was competition for blast points and support from the blast team. What kind of projects did you see? What would the. If you just kind of gave us the lay of the land of the projects that are building on blast, what do they kind of look like? What are you excited about?
Speaker A: Yeah, so the purpose of the big bang, honestly, the name was fairly descriptive. The purpose was basically just to start up the ecosystem from zero. We actually focus on very basic categories. Those were perp, deXs, bot, DeXs, lending protocols, NFTs, gaming, social fi. Those were the key categories that we focus on, and we focus on those. Those are categories that everyone already knows. We focus on them because. Because this is a new layer. We need to bootstrap the ecosystem with this fundamental infrastructure that we know exists on every layer. You know, a spot X is going to exist on every layer. You know, PerpDeX is going to, you know, a lending protocol is going to. So those were the types of depths that we saw. Something that was really exciting to us is we saw the level of, like, nativeness that we saw amongst the submissions. I think before the competition, we kind of just assumed, like, you know, if you look at, like, every l two, like, they kind of have all the usual subsets, right? They have, like, uniswap deploying. They have, like, deploying. You have that same basic infrastructure, and it makes sense for those applications to go and deploy on those l two s. But the thing that I was really curious about was how many of these teams are actually going to be blast native teams, whereas they're very clearly tied to the blast ecosystem. And some of them are actually doing interesting things with yield already, or some of them are planning to. But regardless of where they are at in that development lifecycle, like, they're bought in and they're building. And that was the thing that stood out to me the most. If you look on DeFi llama right now, if you look on the Dapps and you look at which ones have TVL, pretty much every top Dapp that has TVL is a Dapp that only exists on blast is not another chance. It's like a blast native team. That was the thing that was really impressive to me. It was not something that we planned for or something that we hoped for, but the fact that that was kind of an organic development was really cool.
Speaker C: Right. And this is because you can't just copy and paste Aave or Uniswap on to blast, because you actually do have to rewrite some of the code to fit the native yield bearing nature of blast, correct?
Speaker A: Yeah, it's a little bit different, actually. So you can just copy, paste aave and Uniswap. Actually, I'm pretty sure the Uniswap foundation is deploying on blast this week or something like that. They had reached out. So it's like you can actually just deploy because we set up the system such that dapps can actually opt in to take advantage of the yield. And we did this so that you could have existing players or existing contracts that are tried and proven, deployed very, very quickly. But in order to actually do something with the native yield, you do have to modify the contracts in order to do that. So I think that if I were to understand why, I don't actually know why it seemed like there are so many blast oriented teams in the competition. If I were to guess, it would be that something that we really stress is that we don't really care for things that just exist in other l two s. The only thing that's interesting to us as builders about blasts, and the thing that I think is the only thing that makes it enduring, is that it enables new types of dapps that aren't possible on other l two s. I think that's the thing that probably is what drew a more native crowd. Of course, we're going to have to see that play out over time. It's going to take time for people to actually do the programming necessary to do that. But I think that just, like, conceptually, that's probably why it attracted more native builders. But I don't have, like, I'm not like God, so I don't really know what went inside the head of all these builders, but I think that might be why.
Speaker C: Yeah, maybe just to bring this conversation full circle, are you going to put blur on blast?
Speaker A: Yeah, the blur. You might have seen the blur account. Tweet something in February, late February, I think, February 29. But blur will be coming to blast in April.
Speaker B: Pac man, can you update us on kind of the security. So you mentioned some of the fud or some of the criticism when blast was first launched. Right. I'm reading one crypto headline. Blast TVL hits 390 million with no product. The three of five multi SIG contract. Promising Airdrop in 2024 would be a top five TVL. Basically three to five multi SIG contract. I'm also looking on layer two beat, which is, of course, I think a pretty objective source for the security profiles of various layer twos. You've got two of the five slices of the pie in green. Congrats on the green slices. And then three in red, which I'll note is similar to op Mainnet. What is the current security profile of Blast? Is it still a multisig? What does this look like?
Speaker A: Stepping back a bit, the security profile of the layer is very similar to optimism Mainnet. The original source code started off as a fork of the op Geth but it's quite different now. And just to give some intuition around that, Op Geth started as a fork of ethereum geth. Go ethereum. The code diff between op Geth and Geth is smaller than the codeif between blast geth and op Geth, the version that was originally used as a base. So because of that history, it's a very similar model from an l two perspective to optimism. When it comes to the security, every l two bridge basically operates the same way, where every l two basically has a multisig that's used for upgrades. And there's many important reasons for that. But whether it's arbitrum, optimism, base, polygon, blast, it's all the same security model. I think the reason why blast got, like, so much generated so much noise for it is because I think this is one of those things where it's like, for people who are really deep into the weeds, they would understand the security model is actually the same across the board. But for people not in the weeds, they'd be like, oh, it's like this contract, which doesn't have, like, a live l two on top of it is just like a multisig that's like a really easy, like, takeaway to take if you're, like, not really deep into the weeds, but if you actually get deeper into it. Actually, the reality of it is that every l two effectively has the same security model. From this perspective. Now, they might operate in different ways, but when you consider security and the different attack vectors, they all share this risk surface area. I just think that it was just an optics thing. It was very easy to call that out about blast, specifically.
Speaker B: Impact man, you are now number three, or at least blast is by total locked value behind arbitrum and op mainnet. And pretty early in the journey, I would say as well, going for number one, like, you know, are you competing up the charts? Is that the end destination? What do you think it'll take to continue to grow here?
Speaker A: Yeah, I think there's a difference between emergent outcomes versus the inputs. And for us, the input is we want to build the l two that provides the most value to developers and users, the most value of any l two. That's our goal. And we see the path to getting there is you have this l two with native yield, where everyone's just earning that by default. But also, now you're enabling new types of applications that are actually, like Robin Hood, for example, them charging zero fees. That's actually providing more value to the market than if they had charged no fees. These business model unlocks. It's not just a new business model. It's like, no, this is actually providing more value to the market. This is why these disruptive business models get adopted in the first place. So the only thing driving us is that we want to build the l two that provides the most value to end users and developers. I do think that an emerging outcome of that is that conditioned on accomplishing that goal. We would be the largest l two by TVL and usage. But the input is really just how do we provide the most value?
Speaker B: Are you going to join the op super chain? Is that part of the roadmap or have you already.
Speaker A: No, it's different because my understanding, I actually have only loose understanding of the op super chain. My understanding is that it's basically all op Stack forks. Each chain is a copy paste of the op stack base and they're basically just different instances of it. So it's different. Go to markets maybe, but blast is very different from optimism at this point. I don't even know if it would be technically possible. I don't know. Is it actually a technical thing when something's part of the super chain or is it just an op stack fork is technically part of the super chain chain, but either way it wouldn't be part of it just because it's quite different now.
Speaker C: Yeah. To answer some clarity on that, it starts off being an op stack fork, and then beyond that, then you can opt into the optimism collective, and then you're a part of the super chain. If you're technically differentiated from the op stack fork, you can still become a part of the super chain. It is just another technical lift in order to formally enshrine blasts version of the op stack as a verified thumbs up. Part of the op Stack super chain.
Speaker A: Optimism collective, is that more of a governance vibes thing or is it a tentacles thing? Could arbitrum become part of the super chain? Or is it just like.
Speaker C: No, arbitrum cannot become part of the super chain because you have to be an op stack fork to start there. I mean, maybe that's technically not true. The closer you are to be technically similar to the op stack fork to the actual reference code, the closer you are to getting into the super chain. But beyond that, then it turns into a vibes government thing. So it's a little bit of both. Like, how technically differentiated are you? Because that is a technical lift in order to make homogenous block space a thing. But then once you are within like reason, it's kind of like, Argentina is never going to become part of the EU, although the EU could technically vote in Argentina, but it would still never happen. It's kind of like that. And so, like, being technically differentiates differentiated, removes you from being part of the super chain. But then you could still lobby to have your forked version of the op stack as a verified part of the super chain. And then you could have, like, multiple blasts be a part of the super chain. You could have blasts get forked into blast two and three and four. And then all of those would be like approved modules inside of the super chain. But then ultimately it is still a governance, collective unionization kind of thing, just to provide clarity there.
Speaker A: Yeah, that makes sense, I guess mine, my model would be like, if China thought it was valuable to become part of that, you maybe it would, but it's probably not going to. It's probably going to stay independent, and I think that's probably the case for blast.
Speaker C: Yeah, that makes sense.
Speaker B: Pac man, this has been really cool to just understand you, understand you as a builder going through blur, going through blast. I'm wondering about your current commentary on the state of just crypto. Crypto right now in 2024. And in general, I guess I would say maybe a few themes. Of course, yield has been front and center in 2024 with everything Eigen layer is doing, and certainly you're contributing to part of that with blast. So has layer twos. Now it's being pitched of. We've got the modular stack and all of these Ethereum based layer twos, ethereum line layer twos. And they just got a new so EIP 4844 that's decreased. The gas and gas fees are down versus this monolithic approach from Solana and some of the other parallelized chains, layer ones that are developing. What's your take on all of this? How do you think it's going to play out, specifically on the chain wars side of things? Do you like the modular approach? Monolithic? You think it's going to be some of both? Who do you think nets out as a winner here?
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that when it comes to the chain wars, especially in financialized spaces, typically there's extreme power law outcomes. And I think the intuition for why is because there's network effects to these systems. Liquidity tends to concentrate. It doesn't really disperse over time. So I think the outcome that you'll see is similar to what you see now, which is you have one dominant layer, one that's bitcoin. Then you have the next most dominant layer, one which is Ethereum, then you have the next one, which is Solana. If you look at theorem to bitcoin, it's like a, you know, like a three x difference. Like Solana to ethereum, it's like a two x difference, and the drop off is like very extreme after that. So I think that the end outcome, you know, and I think l ones will like always kind of get a bid because there's always going to people be people who are like, oh, what's the next ethereum? Or what's the next Solana? So I think there's always going to be, you know, some noise about that. But in terms of, like, what is like the end, you know, structure, I think that it's likely the case that there's really going to be only like two to three relevant ones. To the extent that Ethereum and Solana kind of have different stakes in the sand, I think that they can all coexist. I think that still, regardless of which path is right, it's just going to be very clear there's going to be a power law outcome just regardless of how it goes.
Speaker B: Pac man, as we maybe finally close this out, it's been great. Do you have any advice to sort of. I consider you sort of a Gen Z builder. I don't know if you're officially in that generation, but kind of like younger.
Speaker A: The oldest Gen Z.
Speaker B: So you're an elder gen Z at this point. Do you have any advice for any of the up and coming crypto Gen Z builders? What would you say to them? A younger version of you, man, it's.
Speaker A: So hard to give generalized advice. I'd really have to see a specific builder because everyone's going to have different skill sets. I think ultimately, though, I think the thing that should drive any builder is are you able to provide net value to the end users? Like differentiated value to the end users? That doesn't exist elsewhere. I think there's a lot of trend surfing. There's a lot of. It's really easy to look at the market and be like, oh, this is a big market, and I should get into it and go and build this kind of protocol because this kind of protocol has been proven to be valuable by the market. I think that is something that I very see that I see a lot of across the board, but that's not really the thing that's interesting. What is? I don't even think that's really how you build something great, but also, it's just like, that's not an interesting thing to do. For you spend your time on. I think the only interesting thing is, can you actually provide something that's creating value for the end users or for the stakeholders that are involved? If you're doing that, then I think you're probably on the right track. If you're not, then you should probably reevaluate what you're doing.
Speaker B: Well, thank you so much for joining us today, Pac man. This has been a lot of fun.
Speaker C: Thanks, Pac man.
Speaker A: Thanks, guys. This is really fun.
Speaker B: Bankless nation. Gotta end with this. Crypto is risky. You could lose what you put in. But we are headed west. This is the frontier. It's not for everyone, but we're glad you're with us on the bankless journey. Thanks a lot.
