Speaker A: ICos, oof, not great. Like NFT mints, oof, not great. But we have to remember that, like, that part of the market cycle for financial assets exists before and after crypto. And the reason why we don't see it in the traditional world is because by the time a traditional equity ipos on the stock market, all of that speculation by early VC's, the first round of financing, the second round of financing, that's not available to the general public. And so this is the naked truth of markets. And now it's public, and the public is reacting to it.
Speaker B: Is friend tech good or bad? That's the conversation David and I want to have today. This is a special episode, I think an opinion episode, getting into some controversy here. Friend tech, this is an app that has dominated the crypto landscape for the last two weeks. Kind of exploded on the scene, and now it's breaking out into mainstream audiences. These are non crypto audiences. So should we pat ourselves on the back? Is this a moment for victory lap and congratulations? Or do we need to take a moment to more carefully reflect on the consequences of this new financialized social application? Some questions we're asking today. Is friend tech good or bad? Are financialization and Ponzi games all that crypto can really give to the world? Is any of this even a correct conclusion? Or maybe we're just moralizing this whole crypto thing too much. These are the conversations I wanna have with you today. David, what are your thoughts going to this episode? Why are we even doing it?
Speaker A: I think on the surface level, friends tech, friend Tech is a fun, fun game for crypto influencers and their followers to all kind of play together. And I think simultaneously, while that shenanigans is happening, there's another conversation brewing as to what are the deeper consequences of an application like this if it does scale to the whole mainstream world. Is this the crypto dream? Is this what it means to be a crypto person? I don't think a lot of people are here for that mission or that future. And so I think we also need to also define the concerns that people are having about what, what are the values basically embedded into an application like friend tech? And we can't seem to, as a crypto industry, create too much other than some form of financialization of things that already exist, like social media apps. And so is this all that we have to give? Do we? Is this what we have for the world? Is, hey, here is your web two, and web three is web two. But now with finance, is that really it and is that what we want, and is that good? I think there's a lot of different little nuances to unpack, and so that's what we're going to do here on this episode.
Speaker B: Yeah. I think this is a good opportunity to figure out what we really care about and why we're here and an excuse to do that. We take it on bank list. So, guys, that's what you're in for today. We want to thank the sponsors that made this possible, including our recommended exchange for 2023. I put the question, is friend tech good or bad for crypto out on Twitter? And of course, most of my followers, just like yours, David, they skew crypto native. And I was actually really surprised at what the results were. So, good. That option got 53%, bad got 47%. Let me ask you, before we continue this episode, were you surprised by results like these?
Speaker A: Certainly, yeah. I was ready for good to mostly dominate the fact that we were basically at 50 50. I was surprised as to how many friend defectors there are out there. Friend naysayers.
Speaker B: Yeah. And I will say on bankless the last couple of weeks, we've been pretty favorable about it. It seems like a new proof of concept application. So this is an alternative opinion I think we need to hear. This is Anthony Cisano replying to this tweet. He says, I haven't seen crypto Twitter this divided on something in a while, and I think he's right. We've. There are a lot of haters out there of this entire friend tech experiment, and that's important to go into. David. Before we talk about kind of the controversy and the pros and cons of this particular application, maybe we should spend a minute actually defining what this thing is. So this is what we might call a social fi. That's been a term going around lately as a sort of a new narrative, but it's like a social ponzi game on the layer two. And notice, by the way, I said ponzi game, which is very distinct from a Ponzi scheme to us and how we've long used this term, a ponzi game is completely transparent. You kind of know what you're getting into. I would say in some ways, bitcoin is a bit of a ponzi game. Something like ethereum. Ether. The asset is a bit of a ponzi game. I even think the dollar fiat is a bit of a ponzi game. It's something that gets its value from narrative belief. So don't be distracted by our use of the term, ponzi game.
Speaker A: It's a very distracting term. Specifically, the game element implies a scheme is a scheme, and a game is a game. A Ponzi scheme implies there's a central operator who has differing incentives, and a ponzi game is simply referencing the fact that in order for this to be successful, we need to have a constant inflow of new people in order for this to work. New believers, new believers, if you will. And I actually don't want to necessarily ascribe whether or not something is a ponzi game is a very deep and long conversation. I think longtime bankless listeners who have perhaps listened to every single bankless episode will understand the nuances that come with that term. It's got a very negative connotation, and we actually are using it in a very neutral way, I would say. And so I think part of the world of money and finance, like the dollar, it's a piece of paper, and people are paying money for it. It's a ponzi game in the sense that it's almost synonymous. A ponzi game is almost synonymous with finance. And so I don't want to ascribe, necessarily, some sort of opinion to this word ponzi. It's just like, when you go very deep and understand the world of money and finance, you understand that, well, everything is a story, and everything is kind of a ponzi. And what is the dollar? Well, it's a ponzi that doesn't pop. And so there's a lot of, like, there's a lot of connotation baked into this ponzi word. I don't want to get distracted by that.
Speaker B: Yeah. So I probably shouldn't have led with this loaded term if you're not familiar with all of that background. So let me maybe restart that. This is a social game of sorts on crypto.
Speaker A: Social financialization game.
Speaker B: Yeah, social financialization game, where you can buy and sell your friends, essentially, or shares of your friends. Could you describe this in a bit more detail, David?
Speaker A: So, when you log into this new app, friendtech, you connect to your Twitter accounts. And so you need a Twitter account to get started, and that's because you are using your social graph on Twitter to bootstrap your social graph on friend. It's friend Tech. I always want to say friends. As soon as your Twitter account gets loaded up, you are given a base address, and then you load up your address with some ether, and you buy your first share of yourself, and that opens up your room and any of your shareholders either. Now, called keys. Any of your key holders can unlock your room, so your key holders can start to chat with you. And so every single person on friend has their own room, and they get to chat with anyone who owns some of their keys. I'm going to. I'm just going to go back to start using.
Speaker B: When you say room, you mean. You mean chat room?
Speaker A: It's a chat room. It's a chat room, yes. And so me, as someone who has a bunch of Twitter followers, when I made my room, a bunch of my followers were able to buy my shares and we were able to start to chat with each other. I have 190,000 followers on Twitter. I have, I think, like 60 shareholders on friends. And so I. So that's a much smaller, concerted group of people. And these people have paid anywhere between 0.01 to 0.5 ether to be in that room. The importantly, the price of shares is on a bonding curve. And so as more shares are minted, the price of these things go up. If you are a shareholder, you can burn your share at any time and you will receive back the current price of the bonding curve. And so if you bought my share at like 0.01, well, you could sell it today into the bonding curve for 0.5, because that is how much one of my shares is worth. And so this is where this starts to get into a little bit of a financialization system. The more shareholders you have, the more expensive you are, which is what a free market does. The only thing that's different is that this is on a fixed curve. And so a lot of influencers, and also importantly, when you buy or sell a share, there is a 10% tax that is charged, and that tax is split 50 51. Half goes to the creators of friend tech, and then the other half goes to the person that you are selling that share for. And so me as a, and anyone on the app, they also accumulate trading fees for anyone who is buying or selling your shares. And so you get more money as people sell or buy your shares.
Speaker B: So as a creator, you are essentially getting trading fees any time someone buys or sells. So you want. You kind of, as a creator, you sort of. I'm using this term creator.
Speaker A: I think creator is the right term.
Speaker B: I think that's creator, influencer. These things might be synonymous. Synonymous. In the rest of this conversation, you're incentivized towards volume, I suppose.
Speaker A: Volume, yeah.
Speaker B: And as an owner of these shares, again, they're called keys, but we'll use that term synonymously again as the owner of these shares you're incentivized towards, a number goes up, you start to get more bullish. And what's interesting here is you have, you said 190,000 followers on Twitter? It's free on Twitter to follow David. Okay. To get access to this room costs money, and it costs money to an increasing degree, which is a completely, completely different game that we're playing. The other thing I guess I'll mention is, of course, this is all on defi rails, right? So that means this is smart contracts. Everything's very composable. I think I saw maybe last weekend, David, though, you've been tracking this much more closely than I have the ability to sort of export these friend shares, these friend keys as an ERC 20. So I could start to buy David shares if I want on regular uniswap bonding curves. Is that correct? Or it's like these things are plugged into other areas of the open defi economy.
Speaker A: Yes, that's right. It's a money Lego. And so some people were able to make a contract that buys or sells shares on the bonding curve and then also turn those shares into ERC 20 tokens that can be built into Uniswap. So it's pluggable in with the rest of Defi is composable.
Speaker B: Okay. Now, the question that my mind goes to is like, oh, cool, we've created something neat we think is neat, or some segment thinks is neat. Is anyone using it? What is the answer to that question? Is anyone actually using this thing?
Speaker A: The answer is definitely yes. Friendtech got released about two weeks ago. 110,000 unique addresses have connected to base and to Friendtech. That is 110,000 unique Twitter accounts. While we typically don't ascribe unique addresses to unique users for many reasons, this one actually has stronger assurances than other platforms because of the connection to Twitter. So that is basically, call it 100,000 people inside of two weeks.
Speaker B: And some people from the web two world are not impressed by those numbers. But let me tell you, in crypto and web three, these are big freaking numbers, especially for the bear market. Our biggest apps don't see this kind of daily active, monthly active type of activity in crypto. Our apps, crypto apps are most often, I guess, sized based on value in assets under management, or total locked value, these types of measures. So when we see a large group, a large of real humans using an app, that's a pretty big freaking deal. I also saw tweets from Brian Armstrong, for example. The transactions per second that a base is serving up has now surpassed Ethereum. And a lot of that traffic is driven by this application, the friends tech application.
Speaker A: We're at 2 million total transactions from friends. And then also there's almost 22,000 ether in trading volume, which is about $38 million. So $38 million have changed hands because of this application. Now, reminder, that's 10% of a fee is taken on all of that trading volume, and then that itself is split down the middle between creators and the team. And so that's basically almost $2 million in revenue for the team and almost $2 million in cumulative revenue for all the creators on the app.
Speaker B: I mean, not bad for two weeks, right? Yeah, and this thing looks like it might be picking up more steam, even though I think volumes are down, like, the last 24 hours or so. This looks like it's leaking into mainstream almost in a way that nfts did. What are we looking at here, David?
Speaker A: Yeah, so this is just a composite of a number of different things that I saw on Twitter. We have on the top left, Faze Banks, Gracie Hardy, Grayson Allen, as new people playing in friends. Faze Banks is a youtuber. Gracie Hardy is an Onlyfans creator. Grayson Allen is an NBA player. So three different, very different corners of the Internet.
Speaker B: Very different. Yeah.
Speaker A: We also have disclosure, who is a DJ duo, very crypto native DJ duo, friends with the Delphi digital guys and Delphi digital got them into friendtech. And then on the right, we just see what is what was my home screen, where you can just kind of see global activity. And like, I know what a crypto person is and who they are. And I can definitely tell that the k su heart only fans in bio person is not a crypto person, that is an OnlyFans creator. And so you can just see the different people that have shown up for using friendtech. It makes sense that who's next in going to after the crypto natives to adopt this platform? Well, it's gonna be creator economy folk, and that's gonna be onlyfans and also youtubers, people who create and have fans, just general social media type stuff.
Speaker B: So there we go. This could go from a crypto native sort of toy to mainstream very quickly. Right. And that's what we see happen to NFT. So it's not unprecedented, even crypto, for us to get these breakout applications. And this shows hints and signs of a major breakout application. Of course, might not be friend tech. It could be some other social, a finance application that's using a similar mechanism. But it's early and it's showing signs. As I mentioned in the intro, David and I, bankless has mostly been supportive of this experiment. I mean, it seems fun to us. Hey, people are using our apps. It's great. It's crypto, right? It's Defi. It's getting private keys in the hands of more people. I think there's some question as to how non custodial this wallet is that implementation details aside, this has the potential to get usage on layer twos up, and that's always a good thing. More people, more block space, more apps that go mainstream. The worst case scenario for me, for crypto is like, we build all this stuff and no one actually uses it. But, and this is what I think the rest of this episode is about. There's also some arguments against this. Some people in the crypto community, as we mentioned earlier, 42 43% actually hate this experiment. They're actually very much resistant to it. And we want to give air and oxygen to that opinion, too, because I think there's some merit here and I think it's worth consideration. So shall we dive into that now, David?
Speaker A: Yeah, let's do it.
Speaker B: All right. So this was a tweet that was brought to my attention from someone in the bankless discord from autism capital. You know, it's an interesting account here, but regarding friendtech, it's sad that after SBF, there's no pretense of doing good through crypto anymore, or even trying to change the world for the better. No more talk of decentralization, no saving the world. No conviction at all. Vitalik is quiet. All the old layer one promoters are quiet. All the loud voices have cashed out and gone silent. There was nothing learned from the last cycle of scammers, shitcoin promoters, and massive founder secondaries. You were all dumped on by these guys. Now you're allowing yourself to be dumped on again with this new bullshit. You learn nothing. And now the shell of crypto is all purely pvp from the other guy. Now the NFT scumbaggery managed to get even worse. Concentrated zero value creation for the world. Absolute molochemdez. Congratulations. You played yourself. And in the short term money grab, you're cheapening the broader narrative of crypto being a force for change for a short term fool's game. And the response to this will likely be. Lol. Stfu, I don't know. I'm making fees. Wow.
Speaker A: Yeah. Oof. Pretty, pretty hard hitting statements. There was also a take from a bankless citizen that this tweet spawned a conversation inside of the bankless discord. And so the citizen said, in my opinion, it's incredibly reckless and I lose respect for anyone who is presenting this app as some kind of breakout web three app. Have fun with it if you want, until you lose your money. But it has nothing to do with web three or crypto values. The entire premise of financializing social relationships is also, in my opinion, a contemptible concept worthy only of mockery. Big influencer accounts found yet another way to extract value from the herd. So this craze will continue until the next fashionable Ponzi is unveiled. It's not what I signed up for, but let's face it, no one gives a damn if you have eth in your name. It's just experimenting and anything goes. Who cares that I'm shilling this to ordinary people who are going to get wrecked. Me and all my rich friends are making free money. This is great. All of the innovative tech is just used to create more advanced ponzis. Now, this is a take that I think this is well articulated for the contrarian side of friend tech. And this is also a sentiment that I've heard across crypto, both inside and outside of crypto. And just overall, I would say this shares a sentiment with a very deep concern about crypto. We have many, many apps that look and feel, feel and share some elements with friendtech, and it's about, like, the underlying structure of these things and concerns about financialization at its very core. And some things, I think, are very deeply tied to what crypto is like. Crypto almost is synonymous with financialization. I know there's a bunch of non financial use cases of crypto that we are really trying to crack the nut of things like identity. But for now, really, the thing that crypto has been able to do is produce more finance than we had before. And I think a lot of people are in crypto for deeper reasons than that, and they get jaded by all of these financialization apps that seem to blow through into mainstream before anything else.
Speaker B: Well, I get it. I mean, like 2022, that was all greed inspired, right? That was all I was seeing that the comments that you just articulated, we've also heard that from crypto skeptics who are also fairly crypto knowledgeable, like Molly White, financializing everything, just creating pyramid games out of everything and preying on your social relationships. And is that really what crypto is about? So I think the aversion here is crypto just becoming this gambling, greed inspired Ponzi thing that seems custom built to only serve already rich influencers, all right? That's like, when you look at this platform, that's what it kind of looks like. And here we are. We're bankless, right? We're crypto decentralized values. We're supposed to be changing the world, and we're celebrating this hollowed out Ponzi game yet again. And people are going there scratching their heads, and they're like, is that the best that we have? Is this what we're offering to the world? And here we are in the bear market, and we've talked about this being sort of the build market where the tourists are gone, the settlers stay, and we're supposed to be building stuff that helps the world, that drives utility to real people. And instead we're getting caught in these cheap tourist traps. And so some people are looking at this and they're going, that's not what I signed up for. I'm not saying I agree entirely with that sentiment, and we'll discuss why. But I think that's like a summation of it for me.
Speaker A: I think a lot of frustration comes from how readily accepting crypto was of friend tech. And I think the current state of crypto could probably be excused from that. What did we have in 2022? We had algo stablecoins that were unbacked, completely blow up. We had a Ponzi that went to zero. And now everyone hates crypto. And we are desperately seeking validation from mainstream society in any way, shape or form. And so I think a lot our standards perhaps are lower than they otherwise would be because we finally have these protocols that we're pretty proud of. I'd say we have base, the layer two that everyone is really optimistic about. And the transactions are cheap, and the transactions are cheap and free, and the UX is great and onboarding so fast. And so this, a lot of crypto is like, look at what we can do. Look at this latent power that we have. As soon as somebody can figure out how to put all the pieces together, we will have explosions of mainstream applications. And so I think crypto, and myself included, are the reason why we accepted friendtech so quickly is because of this. It's proof that we were able to go mainstream. Yes, it was with this financialization of social relationships. And yes, as soon as I got into friend tech, I was like, oh, this is a transfer of wealth from small to large. This is what is built in here. Am I going to me as somebody with 190,000 followers? I go into friend Tech and I immediately get 0.4 ether from trading you have an advantage. Obviously, I have the advantage, but I'm willing to excuse that, because influencers exist both inside and outside of crypto, and there's no new dynamics here. The people with 1 million accounts on Instagram also get tailwinds of capital and fame and stuff like this. Thing that's different is we are taking that same power that influencers have in the first place in web two, and now we're also layering on financialization onto it, which is what happens in web three. And so I think a lot of us kind of excused that element because we were just so stoked to see something actually work and break out out of this bear market.
Speaker B: But maybe it's also fine. I can tell in your response there that you're deeply considering that alternative, and you're kind of wondering, well, is this bad? I even question the premise of, why should you feel bad for this? Why should any influencer feel bad for this? Isn't this just another kind of mechanism? I guess a few things, I'd say, and this would be sort of the opposite take. And then we'll get to what you and I maybe think about this, and we'll bat this back and forth a little bit, though one take is, this is just a Poc. It's a proof of concept, right? So it's basically like, look what we can do with this new social fi stack. And our transactions are cheap, and this is a layer two fluxing its muscle, and we can get by the app store and Android. And, like, it might not be this, but, like, isn't this great? We're selling block space. Look at the potential here, right?
Speaker A: Even if friend tech is evil, the ends justify the means. Cause it shows the path.
Speaker B: Sure. And there's like, look, we vampire attacked an evil web two company, right? Isn't that the whole, like, purpose? Like, people are so, you know, incentivized to port their social graphs? So. So that that's one element. And I said on a roll up, I think, a week ago, like, I've switched bullish on social fi as a result of this experiment. But I also want to question the premise of, like, why. Why you should even feel bad about this, you know, because it's transparent, right? Like, everybody knows that there is a bonding curve and that, like, what they're getting, if they buy David keys or anybody's keys, is just access to a chat room. Like, I almost feel similar to how I felt about JPEGs, at least in the early stages, which is like, guys, you're buying a JPeg it's a picture.
Speaker A: There's nothing hidden there.
Speaker B: There's nothing hidden. This is like, so if you want to value art, like, you know, and you think the Mona Lisa is valuable, other elements of art, and you don't really know why. Well, like, it's all about kind of social, cultural value. And that stuff can be so fleeting. But you know exactly what you're buying when you're buying a bored ape jpeg, don't you?
Speaker A: I think, I think this is why people were getting excited, because, say, you're not a crypto person. You don't need to explain a bonding curve. Like, oh, yeah, when you buy shares or keys, the price goes up. Yeah. And people are like, oh, yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, I understand that.
Speaker B: So that's the thing. I'm not sure that you should feel bad about this. Right. And that's where the conversation is. And there's another retort, which is like, what's wrong with having fun? I could also say, like, people can't stop it, right? So another reaction to somebody who is, you're, like, worried about this and concerned about, this is, okay, don't use it. There's lots of games that I don't play in crypto. Like, I just choose not to. Like, you get to choose your character class when you enter. You can be a trader if you want. You just stack eth. You don't have to do it. You can, you can get into the NFT community and trade jpegs, or you don't have to. Like, you could just opt out. Yeah. So what do you think about those replies?
Speaker A: Yeah, and every single, I think a lot of people are ascribing responsibility to the platform when they ought to ascribe more responsibility to the individual creators and how they manage their own chairs and how they manage their own bonding curve. Right. Uh, and so I saw a quote from this, um, one of these accounts who was saying, like, oh, yeah, Suzu, who is like, one of the lead creators on friend tech, not a great look.
Speaker B: He isn't.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, he is. He's like, in the top 20 leaderboard. Yeah. And so, like, somebody, somebody said, like, oh, yeah, Suzu is in his own chat room saying that he thinks his own prices can go higher. And I'm like, of course, of course. Suzu says that.
Speaker B: Shares, though, like, what are you doing?
Speaker A: Yeah. Also that, right. This is like, a lot of them is on the responsibility of the people partaking in these games. Right. And so, like, I, as soon as I got into friendtech, like I said, I understood that, okay, this is a transfer from small to big. Like, many small accounts are going to be buying the shares of the big accounts, and then the big accounts are going to accumulate the ether, and then they're going to promote, promote their accounts and say, which should try and incentivize more people to buy their shares so they can get more trading fees. I realized that, like, as soon as, like, got in there, which is why I did that. Like, I'm going to give away my trading fees to some of my, which one of my shareholders inside of seven days, which is both me pumping my own shares and then also giving away the accumulated revenue because I didn't want, like, to have any sort of evil ascribed to me. So I'm playing the game and also trying to do my, put my best foot forward with it. So that was my approach. And I think, like a lot of people need to, the responsibility that people are trying to ascribe to the friend tech platform should also be beholden upon the people who are managing their own chairs. Yes, technology is a tool, is a neutral tool, hopefully. And it's really about how you use it and what you do with it. And I also think that we can totally also talk about the way that the platform itself is constructed, the mechanism design itself, the mechanism itself, because I think the concerns about friend tech is that sweet if we get all these influencers on this imbalanced platform. I thought we were trying to make balanced platforms. And friend tech doesn't seem to be balanced when it so rapidly rewards people who already have social capital and financial capital.
Speaker B: Right? Okay, so there's two levels of criticism here. There's one, a criticism about the underlying mechanism and the system, which is certainly valid. And then you're also making the point that, that the same social primitive that a creator can use to rug their community can also be used by a creator to build a fantastic community. Right? And so the technology itself is somewhat neutral, although the mechanism design behind the scenes of the system can be either like good or bad or something. Right. Balanced or imbalanced.
Speaker A: And I also will say, even if you do say, think that the friend tech platform is imbalanced, I will say it's built on the op stack, which 15% of all the trading revenue from base goes to retroactive public goods funding. This is the whole theory, the whole thesis behind the optimism vision, which is degeneracy turns into regeneracy. Maybe the imbalance of friends is concerning and we should talk about that. But I also will say at least it's built on top of the super chain, which is supposed to turn transaction fees into public goods.
Speaker B: There's levels to that, too. And what is the super chain? What is the optimism ecosystem built on top of? It's built on top of Ethereum, which is an open, permissionless, decentralized public good for the world that needs to be funded by fees. That's how we're funding this whole thing. And there's been a lot of degeneracy that's actually funded the block space of Ethereum, including some fantastic things. But that's how we get a global banking system that is actually permissionless and can scale to the world and can be opt in. So there's a public good being created as a byproduct of that. There's also. There's also a point that Van Spencer made in our episode yesterday, David, which is creators don't have a lot of ways to make money in general online. They're often intermediated by third parties or aggregators, right? And so the Internet was a force for disintermediation, for democratization, for creators, but it has its limits. And now here's a new way for creators to monetize. Right? Again, that can be either. It could be Suzu about to rug you, or it could be, I don't know, some creator who's creating a fantastic chat room for their followers. And this is a tokenized mechanism to participate in that and to build a community around it, and so that it feels like could be a net good as well. And then there's also the argument that this gets more private keys and more hands.
Speaker A: Right? Yeah, I do think we really should put a pin on the argument that we are, we are just introducing financialization into our social relationships. Well, Facebook, Twitter. Well, Twitter is actually paying out royalty fees to creators, so maybe Twitter is X is a new case here. But I think people are forgetting the fact that Facebook has previously robbed content creators, creators of the opportunity to financialize themselves. This is actually restoring that power to creators. I will say the 5% take rate from the app is pretty steep, but it also makes sense for what it would be in the early days. I would expect that to either be routed around or come down over time.
Speaker B: But, you know, the old kind of Chris Dixon thing. And this comes from bezos, like your take rate, my opportunity. I think these margins will continue to contract. And if you compare 5% to 30% for the app store or 0%, and Facebook just monetizes all of its user data, it gives nothing back 5% is kind of low, and if friend tech gets competitors, then that might compress to, like, 2.5% to 1% on downwards.
Speaker A: Yeah. This is an adjacent conversation. But the ERC 20 tokenization of shares, that is a contract that got built and deployed by a developer out recently. So, now you can take your shares, turn them into ERC 20 tokens, and then they're on uniswap. Well, we actually have tools like collab land and telegram rooms, where if you own a token, you unlock a telegram room. So we actually already have the components to rebuild friend tech without friend Tech. And so I think this is why maybe friend tech isn't the thing that is going to blow up, or maybe it's not the long term equilibrium of these things, but you can rebuild friend tech without the fees, using Uniswap, ERC 20 tokens, collaboral and telegram. And now people are privy to this. And so I don't think the current state of things is where equilibrium is going to end up at.
Speaker B: Okay, so we talked about the hater case and why we should be against this, and then we talked about why. Why, it's awesome. I want to kind of ask you what you think about this, and maybe I'll frame this with your conclusion to date at this point in time. Right? Again, this experiment could turn in even more positive direction, or it could go into kind of a negative direction. So, obviously, this is your take. A snapshot in time, I would say. But I think the biggest criticism that stands out for me on the against why frontech is bad type of case is, is this really what we want to be known for, to mainstream? It's SBF monkey jpegs and social pyramid schemes. I thought we were here to change the world. I thought this was a democratization play, an equality to everyone play. Yes, Ryan and David, I can opt into this or not, but now I see, like, my social layer, all of these people in crypto whom I respect, and what are they talking about? It looks like, again, this is a social media type of effect, so you can get in kind of these bubbles, but it looks like everybody's talking about this Ponzi pyramid scheme and getting excited about it, and maybe it looks like they're shilling it to me and they see this and they're like, WTF? Layer zero. I thought that the social layer of crypto stood for more than this. So I guess, where do you stand on all of this at this point? So we talked about the against use case and the for use case. What's your take after absorbing this kind of reaction? In this opinion, part of what I.
Speaker A: Consider to be the bull market for crypto at large is the explosion of more markets for more things. And I think markets are inherently good. Like I know we know, like technology is neutral. I think markets are good because if a market exists, then there means that there's no monopoly. So the market is the opposite of a mar, of a monopoly. It is the bizarre, not the cathedral. And to me, that a bazaar is something that is foundationally imbalance. There is an equilibrium there. Markets don't behold in any one participant more than the other. So if ethereum wins, there will be more markets for more things. I think actually, the bull case for Ethereum, for crypto, is like market maximalism. And so I think that is inherently tied to the financialization of things. And I think we kind of need to accept that. And I think that this is good because more markets implies fairness and decentralization. Now, when we have these new things, new when we discover something on the crypto frontier, what happens first? The apes and the gambling and the speculation rush there sooner than everything else, because there's profits to be made. And this is just because of this thing called price discovery. And so, as somebody who's been on friends tech for almost two weeks now, my trading volume in days one through five were insane, very high. And then the big wave of adoption came in, and my market volume was still pretty good. Even with these new influx of new people. I don't think a share of mine has been traded in the last two days because the 66 people that are in my shareholder room were just chatting. We're just hanging out. They're asking me questions. There's no churn anymore. And I think because the speculation has gone away, and now we've discovered an equilibrium where actually the value of my shares is reflective of the actual value and time and energy that I'm injecting into my room. And so the apes come first, and they leave a real bad taste in everyone's mouth. Because it's degeneracy, it's speculation, it's risk taking, it's financialization. But then the equilibrium that sets in afterwards is more or less invisible, and creators are just creating, and market participants are participating. And so that's the utility phase. And so I think a lot of bad taste comes just because that is the natural order of markets. When markets are established, I don't know if you've ever custom, if you've ever minted a uniswap market, Ryan, or been very, very early in a uniswap market. But you get haircuts left and right unless you're playing the game extremely well because it's so illiquid and it's just MeV bots and it's just complete arbitrage opportunity. And then something like USCC ether pair sets in and we have super illiquidity and there's no fleecing anymore. I think that's just the early days of friendstech. It's just like, oh yeah, everyone is playing the price discovery game. Everyone's speculating, everyone's like blah, blah, blah, blah. But then over time, as time goes on, the markets mature and again we have markets established, which is something that has been robbed from creators. And I would say that's the good case for friend tech or things like it. That's the bull case, I would say.
Speaker B: Do you think people are just inherently uncomfortable and maybe we can't blame them about this speculation type face because it looks ugly. It's like.com, boom. And then busty.
Speaker A: That's what people are saying, oh yeah, everyone's just going to lose their money. And yes, they are. If you enter that part of the market before you're ready and you're playing with more sophisticated actors, yeah, you will lose money. But if you also just buy a share and just hang out in the room and don't participate in the speculation game and you're just buying a share of the creator because you want to be there and get the utility, then you're not going to get fleeced.
Speaker B: So I think that's a broader point. I think that's important. Some people are just not comfortable with the speculation phase of markets, right. Because like the rest of their life isn't kind of like that. So they see things that go up and then they go down and level out and they automatically call those kind of like, I don't know, tulips or scams or bubbles and like everything productive has gone through that cycle, hasn't it? Right?
Speaker A: Yeah. Well, so like part of the crypto world, like icos, oof, not great. Like NFT mints, oof, not great. But we have to remember that, like that part of the market cycle for financial assets exists before and after crypto. And the reason why we don't see it in the, in the traditional world is because by the time a traditional equity ipos on the stock market, all of that speculation by early VC's, the first round of financing, the second round of financing that's not available to the general public. And so this is the naked truth of markets. And now it's public and the public is reacting to it. But that's just because they finally have the option to react.
Speaker B: They can actually see it.
Speaker A: They can actually see it for it, right? Yes, exactly. We can exactly see how degenerate humanity is as a whole. But previously we were never even able to have these opportunities at all because VC's were able to have like the 10,000 x gains before anything would go public.
Speaker B: This market maximalism that you said is kind of inherent with crypto. I agree. That's the take. And I also go back to kind of the deeper thing. And this is the best encapsulated in our episode with Molly White. She hears what you're saying and you're basically like, trust me, bro, once we get through this financialization cycle, everything's going to be net back better, right? And she's like, yeah, by net better, you mean you get richer. You know what I mean? You and your friends get more powerful and more rich, right? And, you know, got a say on the back of 2022. Touche. All right. And also, I just don't think that that like, I do think that free markets and the ability to own digital property is a net good that is worth going through these painful speculation phases. And that's almost like, I don't think we've fully seen that yet. Right. I think we've seen it in fits and starts right now. There is a thing called bitcoin. It actually has some liquidity. Now there's a thing called ether. It has some liquidity. Anyone can spin up a uniswap market. Like we are helping communities in Africa, communities in Argentina get out of their repressive government systems, get access to a public open Internet native banking system. Those are some of the net good that weve created. But to the point, im not sure that the net good yet outweighs some of the net bad experiments that weve seen. And its almost like an article of faith that it will at some point. I think probably for me, it already outweighs but the bad because I put so much value on freedom like markets, and I see like dystopian authoritarian future maybe just coming to this episode. David, we had the developers behind tornado cash. They were just arrested by the United States. Okay. And like it looks like the charges are they developed some privacy tech code?
Speaker A: Yep.
Speaker B: Haven't gotten into the details.
Speaker A: I'm pretty sure those are the charges.
Speaker B: We'll talk about it more on the roll up. Tomorrow. Right. To me, that is a bigger threat to this whole humanity experiment than anything the crypto is throwing at us with opt in social finance type games. And so that's the net good, and that's the prize I kind of see, but not everyone sees it like that. And people are inherently uncomfortable with the speculation phase.
Speaker A: I think what is really valuable about these conversations is allowing the white, the immune system, the white blood cells of crypto to raise their head and say, I don't accept this platform as legitimate because it's too imbalanced. And I think this is, I think I'm willing to give friend tech the benefit of the doubt and say that n justifies the means. And this is just an important, like you said, proof of concept to define what people want and how to get there. And the 5% take rate is really high that from the, from the platform, but that's totally malleable. And it makes sense, while there is this speculation phase, to try and cash in and get revenue so that they can be a sustainable platform and then learn through research and development how to build a more equitable platform that is more inclusive for everyone. And so I'm willing, as the generally trusting optimist in this industry, to give friendtech the benefit of the doubt, saying, okay, through feedback, through this white blood cell immune response, that is this conversation that people are having on crypto, Twitter and elsewhere, we are learning about how to build a more balanced friend creator economy platform. So I'm willing to give the team the benefit of the doubt that that is where their ultimate goal is going to go. Jeff?
Speaker B: Yeah, I agree with that. And I'm actually kind of bullish on the immune system response. Honestly, I appreciate the questioning of this. This because I think the bigger threat to crypto is not sort of the moral virtue here, but it's more the kind of the nihilism that you see everywhere, which is just exemplified by, like, I'll get rich f you. And there's no, you're getting rich f you. Yeah. And everyone is playing this game, and no one has any virtue or morality, and no one's playing this game in a way that is kind of, um, net accretive to the world. We're all just a bunch of selfish bastards. I, that nihilism is, I think, very counter to, um, why I'm here and what I believe. So the fact that there is a immune system, a social layer trying to like, hold us to account, actually is, is a good thing because it pushes back against this, this nihilism that we see in other areas of crypto. And I think I do also see the point. So I think it would obviously be a mistake. We don't do this, and we wouldn't do this, but if, let's say, bankless or any other and influential leader in the cryptosphere just weighted at such, they were talking about these types of applications 80% of the time or 90% of time, and talking about the things that really matter, the values and the public goods and why we're all here only 10% of the time. I think the community is right to kind of call people out when if these types of things become the only things that we talk about and care about. Right. So, obviously, for bankless, we want to continue to maintain our portfolio of, like, talking about the values of this industry and the why and the things we care about and spotlighting the bright projects closer to, like, 70% of the time or closer to 80% of the time. Right. And so getting that balance right is honestly very important to me, and I think is a lesson out of this for sure. Sure.
Speaker A: Yeah, I agree.
Speaker B: David. I've heard you've got a meme to tie this off, though. What are we looking at?
Speaker A: Yeah. Just to end this episode on a lighthearted note, we have a meme of the episode. So this is the pepe with glasses writing on his piece of paper, who's apparently on the phone with the IR's, goes, hello? Yes, Ir's. So my client brought friend tech shares for Cobe Ansem and syphesis for 2.4 ETH each and proceeded to sell clients clients for three ETH each to invest in their own shares. Client proceeded to get the revenue shares from trades on their shares and now has bought wrapped foo bars. Can client deduct gas fees on wrapped foo bars in Bridgington gates? I'm looking forward to talking to my accountant about all my friends shenanigans.
Speaker B: Well, I mean, there's that. There's also, like, the question of, like, what does the SEC do with these things? They're not shares, they're keys. I mean, what are we like, there's going to be an interesting nation state reaction. And this is maybe the last thing I'll kind of finish on. Even if you don't like this app, I think the one thing we have to preserve across crypto is a big tent. All right. And here's why. I think that the biggest threat to crypto is remaining a niche of a bunch of weirdos using defi and using, like, privacy tools like tornado cash. And we never get the legitimacy or voting power to actually change the laws in our, like, the biggest threat is we don't go mainstream, David. Right. And we're just relegated to this niche. Our best defense against that is to onboard the world. And so, you know, even if this isn't your jam, I would encourage us all to be open to ways that normies will actually use our applications that we're not entirely crazy about today.
Speaker A: On the note of whether or not all of these shares keys are tokenized securities or not, are you familiar with the concept of a lock on or sleeping dragon?
Speaker B: No. A what? Snapdragon.
Speaker A: Sleeping dragon.
Speaker B: Oh, okay.
Speaker A: No, it's a protest maneuver. So imagine two protesters and they handcuff themselves together, but inside of pvc pipe or like, a metal tube, and then they. So you can't remove them. You can't undo the handcuff because of the pipe. They basically, like, chain themselves together in a way that they are. Make it difficult to.
Speaker B: It's like there's too many of us who can't arrest us all sort of thing.
Speaker A: Like, you can't. We're all. We're all tokenizing ourselves and we're all illegal securities. What are you going to do, arrest every single influencer? I think that was kind of funny. Well, because that goes back to the one of these articles that I think I wrote, like, in 2021 after the NFT mania came out, where it's like, what are you going to do, Gary Gensler? You're going to make my flaming sword of fire security? Like, what are you going to do, bro?
Speaker B: You get to come arrest Lil Timmy for his item drop after he beat the boss for not, like, registering that. I don't know, it just kind of.
Speaker A: Shows the fix that the SEC is, like, walking towards. And we'll see what they do about it.
Speaker B: There you go, bankless nation. Hope you enjoyed the episode risks and disclosures. Of course. Both David and I have friend dot tech apps. I think David's shares are up a lot more than mine right now, so you should know that. But of course, got to let you know, as always, crypto is risky. You could lose what you put in. But we are headed west. This is the frontier. It's not for everyone. But we're glad you're with us on the bankless journey. Thanks a lot.
