Speaker A: Bankless nation special episode for you today. Is the crypto bull market back? That is the question. On my mind. On David's mind, probably on your mind. Bankless listener. And we have the person who I think is best at answering this question. Uponly's ledger. Ledger is back on the podcast. One of our favorite market commentators. And that is the question we are going to ask David. Are we back, baby? I don't know yet. What do you think?
Speaker B: Yeah, that is certainly the question, and I'm pretty well convinced that Ledger is going to come on in a quick second and tell us unequivocally that we are 100% back. It's totally on the bull markets, 100% confirmed. It's time to allocate. I'm just absolutely positive that that's going to be the answer. But without putting woods in his mouth, I'll wait for him to actually be asked the question here in a second.
Speaker A: Okay, well, we're going to get right to that in just a minute, but we want to give a shout out to our friends and sponsors over at doppelganger. Doppel is who you call when you want to fish the fishers, when you want to squash all the fishers out there that are coming for your community. So, David, you're going to call.
Speaker B: Who are you going to call? Got to call doppel. Doppel, yeah. So, I mean, me, Ryan, many other people definitely have some fake accounts that have been spun up attempting to fish you. There have been people who have been on the receiving ends.
Speaker A: To be clear, they're impersonating us. They're not actually us.
Speaker B: They are not us. They spell their names like us. They use our profile pictures like us. They attempt to copy us, but they're not us. Doppel helps protect you and really, this entire industry against all of the phishing scams and surface area for risk of you losing your assets that exists out there. So if you have impersonators or you need other additional layers of protection as you navigate the crypto space, Doppel is for you. There is a link in the show notes to get started with doppelganda. Who are you going to call? Am I allowed to rip off of that copyright? I don't know, but I'll call Doppel.
Speaker A: Yeah, what they do is they play whack a mole with all the fishers and do takedowns, get their websites taken down, is really the most effective method. Bankless is a user of doppel. So go sign up doppel.com signup. All right, David, a few questions. I think we're going to ask Ledger today when we come back after the break. But why are the markets pumping? Was there a cause for this? That's top of mind for me. Are we ready for up only bull market or is this just a kind of a, you know, are we getting.
Speaker B: Much ado about nothing?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: I also want to ask Ledger what charts he's paying attention to now. What are some of the key signals he's taking a look at? And also, maybe we should bring up macro. I mean, does that factor in? There's wars going on. The macro is very uncertain at this point of time, but does any of that even matter? And then we've got 2024, which is the year of the bitcoin happening. It's also an election year for the US. Does that factor into this? These are some of my questions for Ledger after the break. What else we got?
Speaker B: Yeah, there's just been some sentiment shifts out of some smaller cap coins. Smaller cap compared to bitcoin and ether. Both Sol and link have broken out of their 18 month long bear market ranges. There's a lot of arguments to be made that sentiment has shifted. Um, I am someone who definitely feels that I am kind of personally a weather vein when it comes to sentiment. So I need somebody like Brian to ledger to give me permission to be uncategorically bullish, which I'm sure, like I said, is he's totally about to give me David.
Speaker A: I don't know about that. He might not. He might be putting the brakes, easing on the brakes on all of this.
Speaker B: I don't believe it. Well, I will have to ask him.
Speaker A: We'll find out more when we come back with Ledger. But before we do, we want to thank the sponsors that made this episode possible.
Speaker B: Bankless nation. I'm so excited to reintroduce you to up only's ledger. I've been listening to Ledger and his market commentary for years now. At least, at least three. Ever since my pov crypto days, way back when ledger has seen a thing or two when it comes to market cycles. Been not his first rodeo. Maybe not his second ledger. Welcome back to bankless.
Speaker C: Hey, thanks for having me. Yeah, I guess. Should we be starting a new cycle now? This will be my third go round on a crypto cycle.
Speaker A: Are you feeling old, man? 30 goal for a while.
Speaker C: Wow.
Speaker A: I don't know if I'm ready for another one. I guess that's the main question for today. Is that what we've just entered into? Is this like a new bull cycle? That's been on.
Speaker B: Is the bull market back?
Speaker C: Right?
Speaker B: It's back, right?
Speaker C: I.
Speaker B: Right, right. Brian?
Speaker C: Yeah, some things are back. I don't know about your bags, but there's reason for optimism in the market right now for sure. I think that it's complicated. This is more complicated than it's ever been in terms of like what role does crypto play in broader markets?
Speaker B: So it's not binary. It's not yes or no, we actually have to talk about this.
Speaker C: But there are some things that have been part of what we discuss every time that we talk. Um, would tell you we are in a bull market. So when you look at the technicals for bitcoin in particular, um, we are in a bull market like by definition. Um, that said, you know, we haven't obviously breached all time highs. And I'm not saying like wait until there is a new all time high to buy. But you know, we haven't hit the easy mode yet. You know, there's a lot of uh, a lot of stuff to churn through in order to, to get to that kind of price exploration territory. We don't know what price exploration would look like in today's market. What kind of baggage does that draw with it? If bitcoin makes an all time high, do we have a thousand shitcoins that try to follow on? And what does that do in terms of spreading out liquidity? Obviously we had a lot of rehypothecation of bitcoin in the last cycle through what looks to be pretty clear fraud now. And so you start taking some of that out, you increase passive flows through the ETF. Theres some real interesting stuff that could happen. And so far were seeing serious strength in bitcoin. A pretty serious breakdown on the eTh BTC pair. Some alts are following along with bitcoin and outperforming. Solanas been doing really well and some others as well. But on the whole theyre not. The meme coins arent really following along. So this makes for really interesting, fairly convincing early market cycle stuff. But that doesnt mean you just buy every JPEG, buy every altcoin, go all in across the spectrum and youre just going to make it. I think you can still make pretty bad decisions right now, but if youre in solid stuff, if youre letting bitcoin do bitcoin things, then you have an opportunity for a solid reward. But you know, bitcoin is not, I don't, I don't. If bitcoin hundred x is, we got bigger problems in the world. So like, if you're looking for 100 x returns, like, I don't think that's what this moment is about. You know, we're trying to establish a baseline for what does recovery and strength look like. So happy to walk through some charts for that. And, yeah, we're. We're back, in a way. Just don't get out over your skis too much, you know? Like, I wouldn't be going 100 x long anywhere at any time, but, you know, that's not. I don't think that's the market that we're in right now.
Speaker B: Yeah. Putting on a more serious hat. What I've noticed is bull market posting on Twitter went from having no engagement to having, like, a hundred times more engagement. And this is just one signal of many of what it would take to incur some sort of just, like, changed in the vibe, change in the sentiment now, like, change in sentiment is just dubious because the prices could nuke 10%, like, tomorrow, and all of a sudden, that sentiment change would be out the window, and then this show would be for nothing. Um, but, like, I am trying to navigate, like, at some point, markets are just exhausted being bearish. When you're bearish for two years in a row, at some point, bear people's bear market fuel runs out, and all of a sudden, that is itself a catalyst. And amongst many other actual fundamental, fundamental catalysts, like bitcoin, ETF, uh, or, you know, any of the other, like, catalysts that are moving the lower cap coins. Um, bullishness does beget bullishness, and I think we'll really only be able to kind of judge this week in hindsight. Uh, but I do think that there is a case to be made, an argument to be made that, like, that errant coin telegraph tweet of the approval of the spot, bitcoin etfemen showed that a lot of people were actually offsides on that trade, and now they are getting onsides, and all of a sudden, bitcoin is breaking above $30,000, and then a short squeeze happens to $34,000. That's enough. That's, like, a lot of ammo to trigger bullishness, which itself is another catalyst. And so, again, like I said, a negative 10% candle could just nuke all of that and change the sentiment. But to me, there seems to be, like, a lot of aligning of the stars, whether that's enough to kick off an entire bull market TBD. But I think we would be able to look back on this week and specifically in history, potentially, and say, like, oh, yeah, that is when it was start. How do you feel about that?
Speaker A: David really wants to be bullish right now.
Speaker B: I really want to be bullish. I'm really done being bullish.
Speaker A: Can you give him permission to be bullish?
Speaker C: Yeah. I'll show you a little bit about your evidence for bullishness. I just pulled up a bitcoin weekly chart, and we've talked about this a good bit. But I just. Using the 200 week moving average as a barometer of bullishness or bearishness or potential support. Now, this is the first time, um, in bitcoin's history where the 200 week, um, was not basically just end of bear market support. You know, it's. It's been such a young asset that previous market cycle, bear market bottoms were above that 200 week back in 2015, again in 2018. Even Covid's 20 2020, or, I'm sorry, 2020 bottom. The 200 week was support, and we spent a significant amount of time under it and then hovering basically at it, kind of walking that 200 week once we got back to it from the bottom. And you're talking about, is the bull market back? But the bottom was a year ago. Like, that's hard to believe, but the bottom, we're coming up on November. And so we've been off the bottom for a year. And the question is, is this a breakout, a break up? And we're going to go into kind of that prior range that bitcoin spent a significant portion of the last bull market like. It really. That bull market was hottest when bitcoin was not really making new all time highs. If you all remember that local bottom in June, July 2021, and then topped in November 2021, it was an underperformer in that period, even though it went from 30k back to 69, I think. But other stuff did way, way better. It had the meat of its move after DeFi summer and the fall of 2020 time period. And then starting in January 2021, when bitcoin went to 30k for the first time, it sputtered relative to the rest of the market. The rest of the market did very, very well. And we had a very strange cycle where alts outperformed for a very long time. And that's what I don't know is going to happen again here. Like, could we have. Could we be starting something like what we saw in the fall of 2020, where you did have this flight to quality? Larry Fink called bitcoin that recently in reference to global markets. And in that scenario, we had this crazy microcosm of defi summer stuff. And then a bunch of money floated into bitcoin. And as the seasonality kicked in, I've become a pretty big believer in seasonality with bitcoin, whether it's the halvings, whether it's like tax cut off timeframes, like end of year stuff. So could we have a run over the course of November and December? That's like the ETF run for bitcoin? I absolutely think that could happen. And then you might see flows in the new year where they kind of trickle down into other things. Maybe that's when EBTC bottoms, maybe that's when Ethan Solana and some of the survivors of the bear market really start to pop off. Should we continue to see bitcoin progress here? And that you brought up, Ryan, the role of crypto and macro. Its hard to operate completely in a vacuum. If the world blows up, we go to world War three. Alts arent going to run. I dont really know what bitcoin does. Ive talked about in the past how I think bitcoin is a bit of a chaos asset. So its kind of hard to peg. Is it going to do the same thing as gold? Is it going to do the same thing as risk on stocks? Its been weird over history. So bitcoin may perform well in a world chaos environment or maybe bitcoin and some other things are starting to do well not just because of ETF news but also what if rates are topping? Know it was Bill Ackman that talked about closing their short on bonds. And if rates are peaking, then you may see bitcoin and gold do very well together because rates at high levels are going to have a hard create challenges for unyielding assets. And so as, as you dont have as much conviction and yield continuing to improve through treasuries and whatnot, then you start looking at hard money. Or if you think were going to start printing money or were going to have deflation or whatever, theres a chance that thats going to have a big impact. And we could see this kind of magic sauce for bitcoin to do a thing. At the same time, ETF markets are coming online and I could imagine a world where we get significantly higher moves from here. But don't ignore the fact if I put some drawings on here like we're, we're churning through what in my mind was pretty serious resistance. You know, it was resistance twice. It was support in the bull market. And so this is a pretty clean breakout that 32 33k range. But where does this exactly fizzle out. I don't know. I think a pretty aggressive spot would be like high forties, that kind of 47k where we broke down from back in March of 2022. And that was when it was so over. Right. Like it's just red. It's like back to the, back to that. Because we had just week after week after week of punishment at that time. And FTX didn't technically all the way fail until November of 2020. And that marked the bottom. You know, that FTX failure in November 2022 was literally the bottom. And so you start to put some of these in context and that gets interesting. You can do some other stuff. I'm not intending to just draw endlessly here, but if you're saying let's do fib retracements, that kind of thing, from the all time high to the bear market low, your 50% retracement would be around 41k. Your 618, though is right at that same red line. I'm going to zoom into this a little bit so that people can see, and I apologize. This is, there's a lot going on here right now, but a .618 retracement of that move puts you at the same place as that weekly level at 47. I think if we get there in the 40k, something like 40k range, I do think we'll see some, some resistance there. I think its a little premature to say like, okay, well etfs here. We had two green weeks and were just going to moon and never stop. 100k here we come. Lets go. Im buying calls and its going to go ballistic. I think its premature for that. Its okay to, to take your time, build a base, climb a wall of worry, if you will. Like if you look back at Cryptos bull market from the 2015 bottom, 2016 was a great year, but it wasn't like instamoon. We really made the biggest push in 2017. That was when you have your price exploration. We hadn't done any of that stuff here, so we might just take our time. It might take a year from now to reach all time highs. If you're just saying all time highs are imminent, I think you're stupid to be honest, but to say, hey, yet again, the halving cycle in April or May or whatever, and that creates this supply constraint on bitcoin. We've continued to see a lot of mining capacity come on to the network. These things have happened before and theyve tended to be fundamentally bullish things for bitcoin and we could see that again where over the course of the next year, you climb that wall of worry. And a year from now, we might be starting to make new all time highs, but to expect them immediately, I think, is a bit premature.
Speaker A: Okay, a few things I want to say. Number one, if you are listening on the podcast, youre getting some benefit. To get maximum benefit, we are looking at a whole bunch of charts. And so what you need to do is go click the YouTube link and actually view this so you can see what David Ledger and I are witnessing on this episode where all the charts are happening. That's the first thing I'll say. The second thing I'll say, and I'll just make this very obvious, is you said the bottom was about a year ago, so november of last year. I think some people are not aware that, like, of that emphatic call that there has been a bottom. Like the, if you say there's a bottom, that means the bear market is over. Like, we're not going to bottom again. And so it is up from here, at least up from the bottom. Now, however long that takes, whether it takes, you know, the climbing the wall of worry in all of 2024, we're not. Are you saying that you don't think we'll go back to November, uh, 2022, bottoms ledger? Are you pretty, like, conclusive about that at least?
Speaker C: Sure. I mean, you can't say it wasn't a bottom when you're up 127% from that bottom. You know, like, that's a pretty big bounce. Um, if we go like full, full recession in the US, which is definitely possible, like, that's part of what Bill Ackman's point was, was he just sees deflationary pressure in the US that could make this take longer yet. In response to that, though, the US will do what it does best and print money. And I think thatll, I just think that you have a lot of demand for bitcoin in the 20k world. And so going sub 15, sub sixteen k, I think, is highly unlikely. I think youll have a lot of buyers of bitcoin. Well, before you get there. I think what id be watching for is what does it look like if we do retest that 200 week retest, the range lows in the sub 25, 27k, that kind of stuff, could you do 42 to 47 and then back to 27? Thats pretty painful, too. And thats what I think if youre trying to be a savvy investor, what you might want to be prepared for is what do you do in those scenarios? And its less important what route does it take versus what do you do? Are you seeking to take profit? Are you hitting maybe long term capital gains because you did buy over the course of the last year? And if we get into the 40 ks, 40k, something that you feel like you have an acceptable return or are you ride or die and you just plan to add to your position. If we run back sub 30k after that and having a plan for yourself I think is important. And then when you might go pedal the metal a little bit, it would be all right. Well, what do I do in the case of new price exploration? We make new all time highs. We go above 70k. What does that look like for me? And where do I make these bigger bull market targets? Barring that, we have a lot of prices where bitcoin has existed over the past couple of years below where we are, and a lot of prices where bitcoin has existed over the past couple of years above where we are. And honestly, your people that thrive in that kind of environment, or what you call your level, to level traders, you think of the way friends of mine like Don and Craig analyze markets, theyre just going to look at where is weekly resistance, where is weekly support, and they may make some intermediate trades and then also have this kind of like underlying bullish thesis of I want to have core exposure to crypto, but specifically to bitcoin. Like, I mean, I like jpegs as much as David, who's got one sitting there in the background of his, of his office there. But like it may not be the best time to go buy jpegs, you know, like I don't think we're in that froth level of market. Wherever you buy some new mint or even blue chips punks or whatever. And I think a punk is 45 ETH still. Its kind of been in that sub 50 ETH range for a while and it might stay there for a while. I think expecting nfts to triple or quadruple in ETH relative terms is probably asking a little too much of this market. I think asking ETH itself, what is it going to do? ETH has gotten punished lately and thats why when youre asking if were back, im like ETH, BTC looks pretty bad, all three of us like ETH, but that looks pretty bad. That same 200 week moving average that I was talking about with bitcoin, ETH relative to bitcoin is losing that same moving average right now. And so you have to acknowledge what might the lows look like and saying 0.04 to, you know, 0.043 it's not out of the realm of possibility.
Speaker A: The ratio you're talking about ETH bitcoin ratio you're talking about right now.
Speaker C: Yeah, ETH relative to bitcoin. Now, I actually don't mind the ETH chart in USD terms, but it's just a no man's land. I'm sitting here looking at it with the 20 week moving average, 200 week moving average in the same range that it's been in for two years. No real sign of a positive breakout. At the same time that bitcoin is having that positive breakout. So maybe it'll have a short term follow and it'll try to bounce off this ETH BTC ratio of 0.050.0525, whatever it's at right now. But it needs to save this level without basically going to jail like sub zero five on the ratio. If youre allocating some percentage to e, some percentage to BTC, might again want to know what do you want to do in that scenario? Because whats a bummer is if youre not allocated at all to bitcoin and it goes to ETH is at 1700 or 1800 still in that scenario. Thats pretty painful. Thats a painful trade. Are you going to capitulate once bitcoin gets to 50k or something? Forty five k and you're like, oh crap, I'm so screwed. I'm selling my ETH for bitcoin. And that's the ETH BTC bottom. You can still lose in a bull market. We've seen it a lot. So knowing what you're going to do and how you're going to respond and how you're going to allocate is just as important as are we done going down?
Speaker B: Two data points around this that I want to bring up is the spot bitcoin ETF approval, which everyone is anticipating. The recent price action in bitcoin might just be the front running of that. I think that's the left curve take to. That's pretty simple. So that's data point number one. Data point number two is that if this is a bull market, a return of the bull market, a return of bullish sentiment, bitcoin has always front ran ether and has always front ran the market. I think that's true. I mean, you've been around the cycles a few more times than me and been looking at the charts. That is the way that historically bull markets have started.
Speaker A: It's the way this is supposed to happen.
Speaker B: Yeah, this is the way that it goes.
Speaker C: But you have to understand where you are in that and how you're positioned. And as an Ethan Joyer, we're going to look at ultrasound money and find out, is ETH deflationary? Are we burning eth? Are people using.
Speaker B: That's narrative fuel.
Speaker C: It is narrative fuel, but that's part.
Speaker B: Of the conversation compared to bitcoin.
Speaker C: My comparing that, we're comparing that to the bitcoin having is my point. Like, you know, it's what's happening to the supply and what are, what are we facing? I think that's a reasonable thing to look at.
Speaker B: Do you think the actual momentary inflation of ETH on its like 30 day timeframe, even though that it is still significantly less inflationary than bitcoin, that the narrative is part, the negative narrative that ether is inflating is actually showing up in the charts?
Speaker C: No, I don't think it's real. I think that in most markets, a good bit of ethereum gets burned and it continues to be a pretty severe deflationary shock. And I'm still a believer that l two transaction volume will end up accruing a lot of value to l one. And I don't think layer two activity is bearish for ETh. And I agree. I think you bitcoin needs a little room to shine. Like it's been a while, you know?
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, I guess I would just say as an 8th bull, like, this is what I expected. This is exactly what I expected. Right? This is how, this is how the bull market always begins. You talked about 2016, right? First bitcoin had its run and then kind of the alts followed, then ethereum followed, among some others. Right.
Speaker B: 2021, I will say. I did not expect the ETH BTC ratio to fall back down to the levels in which the three arrows capital was getting liquidated and then they were dumping their stake.
Speaker A: Is that what it is? It is. Wow.
Speaker B: I did not expect to return there.
Speaker A: That's why I don't ever trade or rarely look at the ratio. But like I king, bitcoin has to have its run to make a bull market actually official. And, you know, that's the way it happened in 2020 as well. So bitcoin had its run. Do you remember, do you remember that 2020 run where there was like some doubt as to whether ether was even a necessary asset? You just bitcoin and you've got the entire market. Ether is not even valuable in this. And then, of course, ETH followed up with a monster run of its own before other alternative layer ones kind of had their run. Is that just the base case of how this plays out.
Speaker B: Time is a flat circle.
Speaker A: Yeah. This is not hard, right? We just do this same thing every four years, and now it's beginning. And so maybe this is 2015 going into 2016. Maybe. Or maybe this is 2019 going to 2020. This is always what happens, right?
Speaker C: So is this same worry in 2020? I was like, surely it can't be this easy that on a four year. On a four year cycle, we just do the thing again. And now here we are, like, four years later, and I'm like, surely it can't be this easy that I don't.
Speaker A: Afford to say that anymore. Now that you're doing this the third time, are you just like, oh, that's how it's going to play out?
Speaker C: And you're just, no, I think that's extremely dangerous thinking like this. Really? Yeah, I think the history.
Speaker A: I think it's dangerous to bet against that.
Speaker C: I simultaneously am willing to bet on it and think, surely this is too easy.
Speaker B: That's exactly what I thought last bull market, my first bull market, first bear market, I got into crypto, like, halfway through the bull market of 2017, and then throughout 2018 through 2020, everyone was like, four year cycles. It's going to do it all over again. There's going to be another cycle. And I'm like, if everyone's saying there's going to be another cycle, then that means there's not going to be another cycle. That's just not how markets work. And then the same exact thing played out to a t. And now this time, I'm like, until proven otherwise for your cycles, until the pattern breaks for your cycles.
Speaker C: And maybe that does. There is, like, a seasonality component that's very important there. And I wonder if. And this is me just speculating. I don't know. I'm going to bet on it, too. Like, I'm actively betting on it, but I wonder if the magnitude of the cycle is where you end up getting tripped up, right? Like, what if we go to. Then we struggle and we go all the way through the having there, you know what I mean? And, like, we. And the. The cycle that was promised, it's like we were. We were supposed to be at 250 this time. Sailor is supposed to be like, the richest guy on the planet and everything, you know, wag me. And instead we're like, we. We two x, and. And then we lost money because we were expecting this massive, you know, price exploration period that we didn't get. And then, you know, oops, like, alts didn't follow or, you know, whatever. Like, there's ways to lose. And maybe that's what happens, is we just. It's a little more lackluster. Um, if you want to go way back, and this is going to be super boomer material, but if you look at the run in the Nasdaq, the tech bubble of zero one popped. The Nasdaq, the zero eight cycle where the S and P made new highs and looked great and whatever. Well, the Nasdaq didn't. It never got back to its prior all time highs. The Nasdaq didnt break the prior all time high for 16 years. Wow. It took from the tech bubble in 2000, which honestly, I think you can compare. I think 2021 was bigger than 2017 in terms of just dollars in. I think you can compare it. And it might take longer than we think. It took 16 years for the tech bubble to be breached. And then we saw what happened is, I'm looking at a log chart right now, but in linear, this was a huge move from 2016 to 2021 for the Nasdaq 100 and the largest tech companies in the world, they were all left for dead and underperformers for a very long time. We went through the great recession. It had not gone back to its all time highs, and then it basically went back and retested the lows. And then it was. April 2009 was the best time ever to invest in tech, but it took a long time. Talk about a wall of worry. It took a really long time for that trade to play out. So the magnitude of the recovery could have easily been underestimated in that process because there were many trades that were better than tech.
Speaker A: I actually wonder if maybe some subset of crypto assets might play out similar to the Nasdaq chart. If you just take defi tokens, right? I mean, nothing saying that's on a four year cycle and that kind of follows bitcoin or even follows ether, right? It could take a long time for Defi tokens as an asset class to. To recover.
Speaker C: I don't disagree. Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: Are you pulling up some defi tokens?
Speaker C: Because I am Link. Link is there.
Speaker B: Link is an exception. I think there are some worse defi tokens you could look at.
Speaker C: I know there's definitely way worse, but this is something to be excited about. I'm looking at a monthly chart. I'm gonna switch it to weekly. But, like, this is a multi year.
Speaker A: We're looking at the link chart now.
Speaker C: Link USD.
Speaker A: Yeah, Link USD.
Speaker C: And I don't own any link, but I will acknowledge I own some other stuff that's doing similar, but I'm not, I'm trying to not be biased here and show my bags, but may, May 2022 is when it kind of started this range and it just broke out of that. And that's really interesting. Now that's a. That is a pain trade right there. Like that. That range that link was in the. And some of this other coins were doing very well, but Link didn't do like, it just kind of stayed right where it was. It basically looks like a volatile, stable coin. But last week, last week it broke out of that and it.
Speaker B: Not a little bit. That is a lot.
Speaker C: Big old candle.
Speaker B: Candle.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's a big candle. And I don't know what that means, but I'm interested in it. Like, I'm really interested in if this and some other stuff can break long two year ranges, and then what do they do? Because we talked, I just showed you some charts about how long it took for some stuff to be able to break out and do something. Link's not to all time highs and same. If you look at some others, and there's a lot of variation, uni has not done very well, but Link has done well. Aave has done well. It's even a month.
Speaker A: When you look at like Link and Ave and some of the ones that have done well versus some of the ones that have not done well, what do you think the difference is?
Speaker C: I literally have no idea. Like, I can't. I'm. This is where, like, I'm not as smart as I think a lot of.
Speaker B: Your audience open up Ave and then. Cause you said Ave is doing well and then uni is not doing well. So, okay, so this is like, ave.
Speaker C: Hasn'T had the breakout that Link has had, but it has had a breakout and acceptable. Yeah, it looks really good. Like it. It does look strong.
Speaker B: Like a potential pre breakout, potentially token.
Speaker C: Yeah, but then you go look at synthetics is another one that's like, not still in no man's land, but it's not. It's not dying.
Speaker A: My left curve take on uni is dying.
Speaker C: I mean, yeah, uni looks really bad. It's at the bottom of the range while those others are at the top of the range. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Isn't the easiest fundamentals explanation of this that like bearish, like governance tokens, bullish tokens that have actual, like, value accrual cash flow, which aave does have, which aave does have and link does have in the form of kind of, you know, you have to stake your link.
Speaker C: Yeah, maybe so. I don't know. I don't, I really don't know. I just, I know that I'm, I've started to see some of these patterns develop over the course of years. Right. Like, and when you then see stuff breaking those patterns, I'm not going to ignore that. Um, and I'm pretty interested in it and I don't, I don't know, you know, which all are the, the right defi coins to look at. I'm mostly, I'm mostly showing some, you know, boomer defi, right? Like um, maker is another one that's uh, Maker actually is the first one to go. Right? Like, wow. Yeah, it looks, I mean, I haven't looked at makers. Those other ones. If Maker was at the same place as say, aave, it would be worth $900 right now. Right. But it's worth 1480 1500, went to 1600 this week.
Speaker A: Again, I'll point out a cash flowing kind of token, you know, MKR tokens based on fees that accrues at the protocol level. It's not just a valueless governance token.
Speaker C: And I wonder, maybe there's an impact here. Like Arthur Zero X is a good example of one of the people talking about this, but there are people out there talking about the value of kind of liquid funds, right? Like they're just going to buy stuff that's working well on the market. And maybe you're seeing that in these charts is the people who are willing to bid some of these tokens and they're obviously being selective. It's not a, it's not this umbrella of everything going up. And I think that's good, that's healthy, that's fundamentally driven. You're seeing some stuff do better than other stuff and we want to see more of that. And so I'm translating this because we want to see what's next. Let's say bitcoin continues to run. What follows? Who's winning? Whos standing out amongst Defi, whos standing out amongst the layer one trade. I think sentiment wise it seems like Solana has been similarly. Its at the top of its range.
Speaker B: Solana is back to pre FTX implosion levels.
Speaker C: Yes. Despite theres still a tremendous amount of uncertainty with whats going to happen with some coins that who knows whos controlling they're in? You know, I don't know. Is it like Mount Gox style where they just end up like looming for years? Yeah.
Speaker B: The Mount Gox overhang.
Speaker C: Yeah. But I mean, Solana went to $8 and it's at 30. That's a great trade. If you just, I mean, I don't know who could have diamond handed that through all the craziness, but shoot, it's, it's almost back into, I used to call that because it had this floor of, you know, $25 to $30 that it eventually broke during that FTX breakdown November 2022. But now it's kind of threatened to get back in that range. Its prior range was like $30 to $50 that it's basically, if Alameda wasn't pumping it like crazy above $50, then that's where its life was, 25 to 50 and it's trying to get back in that range. And that's super interesting to me. So I think what you can do is selectively say, hey, what is the trade? And also when, and I dont really think bitcoins done with bitcoin dominance over time, though, I think theres a good argument for some selective bets for where can I find outperformance beyond this trade and what does my allocation need to look like? So I think thats what we need. Like that's what we're paying attention to right as we enter the new year. And I think all of that should bitcoin continue to like beat the drum for the ETF and all that. The spot ETF's going to have a real impact on flows. It's just going to happen, right? People are still putting money in their 401 ks and when their 401 ks have better optionality for what they can invest in, I think that we'll see real spot driven, not futures, not nothing, you know, paper trading, but spot driven flows that goes into bitcoin and that's, that could have a strong impact. The pink haired punk that does all the good YouTube videos, I don't remember their punk number, but y'all know who I'm talking about. The NFT punk. Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: The proof punk. Yeah yeah.
Speaker C: They work for proof. But whatever. The pink haired punk, they did put a chart on Twitter for what gold did after the first gold ETF's came out and gold went like five x or something. And gold's inherent value did not change. It's just access to gold improved. And even though a lot of people do have access through their Coinbase app or whatever, most people don't have near the buying power when they're using something the same way they'd use venmo. And they're like, sure, I'll buy $100 worth of bitcoin, but a lot of people who are in the workforce and who save into their four hundred one s and have matches from their employers. And that's a lot people, even though all of us are jobless in addition to bankless, we can understand putting a lot of our liquid taxable net worth into this stuff. But most people dont when they are making investing decisions, theyre doing it through their 401 ks and their Roth iras and things like that. I think thatll have a real impact on access to bitcoin.
Speaker A: I just snatched the screen from you. Ledger what you're talking about.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's a heck of a move, isn't it?
Speaker A: $400 to average annual gold prices. And the first us gold ETF in November 2004. And you just look at price of gold kind of skyrocket after that through 2008. Yeah, we got a lot more to cover though. David, you want to tease us?
Speaker B: Yeah. I think there's two possible paths and then an infinite shades in between these two things. One is we get the spot bitcoin ETF approval followed by the bitcoin happening, followed by the fed easing. And we just have this super cycle followed by the super cycle which Suzu watches from jail, which is just hilariously ironic. That's like the most bullish version of events. And then there's a bearish version of events which is maybe the SEC has to approve these bot bitcoin. So we get that one. The happening does happen, but no one really cares about bitcoin. There's another black swan event. Like there's a trade war going on with China. There's an actual war going on. The Fed doesn't have to ease and maybe people just don't have the demand for bitcoin that we thought. Plus like one more black swan like we got last time with COVID There's like two possible versions of the future and I kind of just want to suss these things out. So we will do that in the second half of the show. But first, a moment to talk about the second. The sponsors that make the show possible. Bankless nation. We're back with Ledger. And like I was teeing up right before the break, there's, there's this big span of potential outcomes here. There's the most bullish possible version of events in which we just get bullish domino knocked down after bullish domino. Thats the happening, the spot bitcoin ETF, the easing. But then theres also some potential bearish catalysts as well. And overall, just the inside of the macro conversation ledger. What events possible events expected or otherwise are the most significant to you? Whats looming on your horizon?
Speaker C: Yeah, I think one of the things that you might try to anticipate in advance is essentially if youre not allocated and youre getting more fOMO, like youre not. Adam Cochran was actually just talking about this. Hes taken a lot of crap recently on Twitter, but he made a post where he said it was only 20% allocated and kind of missed some of this push. And I thought that was actually pretty cool because most people wont admit when theyre under allocated. Yeah. Or when they're off sides. And I'm not sure that, like right now we're still kind of in the, in the meat of this move, I think. So it's probably not the worst thing in the world to just kind of ape in, but let's say you're like clenching your fists and waiting and scared. Scared for lack of exposure. You're having Fomo and we're at like 42k or 50k or something like that. And like, it really is, we've turned, turned around. I think the likelihood of what causes this macro impetus, like a significant change in rates, for example, is probably because we did have a black swan, right? So, like, you might have your March 2020, if y'all remember, when Bitmex had no bid and it was simultaneously the start of an enormous bull market and we had already been in recovery for a long time. And yet you could have bought bitcoin at like $3,300 or something that day and it was at like 9000 in less than a month or something. Insane. But we had gone to 14k before that. We went from 3100 at the bottom in 2019 to 14k back to like 3500 or something. Whenever it was brutal, Arthur turned off.
Speaker A: That was pain.
Speaker C: It was bad. But it was also a black swan, right. It was the start of COVID And then when we start printing money in, the rest is history. But, like, you can just act like that didnt happen. And it was so easy, but that was not easy. And what might create this impetus for people to say, like, I want to own hard assets and I believe that bitcoin, ethereum are hard assets and it might be because, hey, we start printing money because something went wrong.
Speaker A: Yeah. So let me ask you that, though, philosophically, as kind of a trader investor, because I know you're an investor, you also trade, but you do both. But you're very long term oriented, so you can't, like, I guess my strategy in for black swan types of events is you always have some dry powder for the black swan events because, you know, over time, something like that is going to happen. So you want to have some fiat cash type reserve to buy when, when the market's fearful and those kind of like, panic dumps. Although I will tell you, in March 2020, that was a very difficult time to buy it. You really did. This is where Ryan learned the lesson, right? Well, it's like, that's how we all learn lessons, right? But also, you can't really plan for black swans, can you? Ledger, like, you have to basically invest in allocate. You keep this dry powder type reserve for those black swan events, but with the rest of your stack and the rest of your stash, you have to allocate as if, like, a black swan is not going to happen. Because black swan, by its nature, you can't predict it. It comes out of nowhere. You know, you don't know what, like, when it's going to happen or how, or what markets it's going to affect. So you can't really plan around that, right.
Speaker C: Um, you can, you can always have dry powder, like you said. Um, that doesn't mean you have, like, 100% dry powder. So, like, obviously you're going to. If, if you have this black swan event, let's say bitcoin goes down 50% at some point in a week or a day or something crazy. And, yeah, you can, you can, you know, man up and deploy that dry powder for one. Um, the number two thing is just don't capitulate on something that you believe in strongly and, like, you end up capitulating the bottom of it. Just staying in the market, staying exposed to your core beliefs, is a, is an accomplishment in itself. Uh, but number three is what I've at least done. And I'm. I'm. I have to say, like, I am long term focused, as in, I stay at paying attention to the market, but sometimes I get paper hands, man. Like, I'm. I tend to be pretty active. Like, I. If it wasn't like a, uh, a strategic investment, like a, you know, a angel investment type of thing. Like, my number of long term capital gains, even on Ethan, BTC and stuff, are not that severe. Like, I, I tend to trade, but what I. The way that it's worked for me and for better or worse, like sometimes maybe I could have just held for two years and done great, but, like, because I was more responsive to the, like, temperature of the market, it gave me some peace of mind. But I always was like, okay, Im biasing bullish or Im biasing bearish. But Im also going to trade and Im going to be willing to trade. So if you do feel like, hey, were frothy, you can put a little more dry powder aside if you want to be active now, you have to live with the tax consequences of those types of decisions. But if that allows you to sleep at night, then go for it. And for me, its not the case anymore. But for a long time, I would say 2020 through 2022, 95% of my net worth was in this stuff. So it's like, yeah, I'm going to pay pretty close attention at times, especially as it's feeling frothy. And what I did, for instance, in March 2020, I was down bad just like everybody else. But I was like, I am not stepping away and sitting on my hands right now. And I got active. I traded like a crazy person. And that's not for everybody. For some people, that just means Im going to buy another clip and Im going to buy that clip more rapidly. While I know this price is cheap, that could be your version of me just over trading, but I just traded more. And another real time example is I felt fairly underexposed to bitcoin recently. Now I was very closely watching how are the things that I own performing relative to bitcoin? And I was confident in that. But I also knew ETF goes live and bitcoins going to go nuts and I wont have enough of it. Right. So I could still be performing well relative on bitcoin, relative pairs of things that I own. But should a big news event come along, Im not going to have enough exposure. So I bought calls to the bitcoin futures thing. And so, yes, I can afford for those calls to go to zero. Its not like a significant percentage of my portfolio. But thats what theyre for. Thats what an out of the money call is when it's on this kind of 30 day timeframe. And I kind of screwed up, honestly, because they expire this. The ones I bought expire on Friday, and I would have made $50,000 more if I held them one more day. And instead I rolled them to November to kind of maintain that exposure. So I still, it was great, you know, but, but like, I would have made a lot more money had I like, just held on to them deeper into their expiry. But you dont know when that news is going to show up and what its going to look like. And you might spend money on that because its like insurance, the way options are supposed to be used when youre long premium, whether youre buying puts or buying calls, but youre buying options is its insurance on the unexpected happening or this outsized event. So for me, it was a way to gain bitcoin exposure if bitcoin did something bigger than the things that I owned more of. So theres lots of things like that that you can do to try to account for it.
Speaker B: Preston Ledger. A lot of bankless listeners, I think about half were in the middle of doing a user survey. I think about half, maybe more, started listening to bankless 2021 or later, as in the last two years or so, or a new entrance into crypto, uh, which means that, like, that, that was me when I got into crypto in the middle of the 2017 run, not before the 2017 run, in the middle of it.
Speaker C: It means they hadn't made money yet, basically.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker C: You went up, you went down, and you're still around.
Speaker B: About half of bankless listeners are, like, at a wash at best in terms of whether they've made crypto money in crypto or not. What advice would you have for them? Understanding where they are in their journey through crypto, and they are actually at the very beginning of seeing a full cycle play out. If this does play out in a four year cycle, that they are the very beginning of a four year long cycle where they will actually be able to make all their money. As the crypto meme goes, what would you say to them?
Speaker C: Know why youre here and know what you believe in. Because at the end of the day, when it hits the fan and its time to, okay, you know, I'm down bad right now, and am I going to deploy this dry powder or am I going to capitulate? You're much more likely to make the right decision if you know why you're here and you know what you believe. And that's the biggest thing no matter what, because it'll also prevent you from digging into something that you don't believe in. As things get frothier, it'll keep you more grounded of like, I'm here. I may trade what was the one, like, Obama Sonic Inu, Harry Potter coin. I might trade that. But, like, I'm doing it because I want to stack eth or I want to stack BTC or I believe in this bankless mantra or something else. Like, I'm how do I maintain my core beliefs? And along the way, you might gamble a little bit on some of the craziness that pops up. And to be very honest, you might make more money doing that than you do on your core positions. But know why you're here and be able to keep reality in check. You can ride a wave. And this is all assuming we get this, which would be great. We'd all be thankful for that, but acknowledge reality at the same time. I mean, I. I am thankful that I took some off the table when it became, for me at least, life changing money. And yet I didn't sell enough. Like, and I was one of the more grounded, like, trying to stay realistic people. And some people were like, what are you talking about? You want to take stuff out of the market? What are you going to do? Like, put it in a bank and earn interest or go invest it in something else? I'm like, yeah, yeah, that's exactly what I'm going to do. And I got mocked for it, and yet I didn't do enough. If I had just, like, when I was having those inclinations, just wiped my account clean, my accounts clean and been all out, I would have done even better. But that's hard to do too. Like, you're never going to time that perfectly, but, like, taking clips out the same way as putting clips in. Like, if you say you got $10,000 to deploy because you save money for a year or two years from your job, if you just put all in at once, you're going to stress about it all the time. And if it's preventing you from sleeping, then you're misallocated. Um, so make it to where you can sleep at night. And then if you turn that $10,000 into $100,000 or a million dollars or whatever, like, if you can't sleep at night, then you need to be able to consider, what can I do? What changes can I make to where I can maintain exposure in this thing that I still believe in, I don't think is done, and yet, like, feel comfortable with the outcome, even if it all goes to zero. And a lot of people, we lost many because they did not take that mild amount of conservatism into account. And don't be one of those. Don't be one of those. That was right on the big general themes and yet gained nothing out of it.
Speaker A: You have to have a cell plan going into this. That is, I think, timeless advice. And while we're on the subject of. Of advice, I really appreciate your perspective on this because you're a bit more a trader than probably myself and maybe David as well. And, you know, I mean, we are.
Speaker B: Zero out of 100 points allocated to the trader skillset.
Speaker A: Yes, very little. But you do so in a very patient way. But maybe I'll make a comment for those, I guess second cyclers, those who came in 2021, 2022, on where I often see mistakes being made at this point in the cycle. And I'm wondering if you guys have any reflections on this. And this is what I call kind of the chasers. So the type of person who look at the pumps and then readjust and reallocate their position to just jump and ape into the closest pump. And so one week there'll be bullish ether, but then bitcoin pumps, right? And they'll look on crypto Twitter and they'll see the narrative switch. And you know, ether was always a shitcoin and now it's net inflationary. And like, these are all of the reasons why bitcoin is king and still king and wins and ether sucks. And then they'll take their ether position and they'll sell that and they'll buy right into the bitcoin pump, right? And then bitcoin will run a little bit and then next thing you know, ether is pumping. And so what they, what they do is they chase all of the pumps that happen. They kind of, they crop rotate into all of the like narrative pump wrong positions rather than having that, that conviction that you were just talking about. And I'm wondering if you could speak to them ledger, because I bet that's a failure mode that you often see under, under kind of the trader lens. How does that go wrong and how do you prevent that?
Speaker C: Yeah, and that's not easy for me to manage either. I mean, I've had to work on that myself. The thing that I have not mastered that I would love to figure out this cycle is what I would call tax efficient portfolio management. So you may have this conviction in different ways that you want to take some more of these trades, and yet it's like, okay, here's one that I believe in. I think it's going to ten k. Hey, look at that, guys. We got a five x plus on our hands. And so why would I not want tax efficient portfolio management if I'm going to make a, an $8,500 profit per ethereum that I own, if my cost basis is 1500 or 2000 or whatever, you can get it one eth for and you think it's going to ten k. Why in the world would you want to get rid of the entirety of that core position other than you're chasing something or playing the ratios or some of these things? So you have to figure out, how can you satiate that desiree and figure and also maintain your core position. There's risky ways to do that, like using leverage. Right. Like you can deposit that eth on something like aave borrow 5% against it, like a relatively small amount, something that you can repay and use that 5% to do, like more short term trades. That's one route that's not that risky. Just don't go and do like, I'm going to borrow 80% now you're quite levered and you might not be able to pay that back, but thats one potential thing that you could do. Another would just have a portion of your portfolio that is active trades to chase things, to let small ideas become big ideas. Theres huge advantages for that. Defi summer was that way for me where I had a tiny amount in Defi early on, but I was convinced I need to go explore this. And then it turned into a bigger amount. You allow these smaller amounts to become bigger and then you start building back to the core position with that. Or maybe you're committed to shorter term capital gains for those. I don't know, whichever way you look at it. And, yeah, I think you just, you have to know what your plan is in that regard, too, because people don't talk about taxes. I talk about taxes all the time. I get made fun of a lot for it.
Speaker A: But I also talk about taxes.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: You and Ryan just love.
Speaker C: Well, it, it is, you know, it.
Speaker B: Is, it is the interest rates of crypto, as in you got to beat that amount.
Speaker C: Go talk to Zach at Tokentax sometime. And, like, he's probably a good example of like, somebody that he, he hears your, like, heart's fears and stuff, like, going into tax season, and yet, like, it's the same people, like, spouting off, never talking about it in real life, and then they're facing, they're facing it and they're like, holy cow, I got to figure this out. That's another way people go broke is they can't pay their taxes. And, like, that's the worst, right? You don't want to do that and just don't get taken out of the game. And that's one of the things that can take you out of the game. And if you're creating, like, needless tax impacts versus if you go into your strategy with a, with that plan, then you might, you might have some stuff that you're just committed to. This it is. This is what it is. You know, I've, I'm gonna have. I believe in Solana, so I'm gonna have a, this core position over here, and 20% of its going to be Solana and 30% of its going to be ETH and 50% of its going to be bitcoin. And Im not going to touch that. Thats going to just sit there for the macro cycle. Now, if I want to go chase Obama Sonic Inu, Harry Potter coin, Im going to go do it over here with this small separate stack. Separate stack, smaller slice. I do that in my real life where I have literally different bank accounts, trading accounts, exchanges, wallets, and some of them are just, I'm not supposed to touch them. And if I go to, I need to make it hard, like I need to go unlock a door, then unlock a safe, and then like, dig through this thing and restore a wallet because if I don't have to do that, like, I will, I'm going to touch it.
Speaker A: So ledger, let's close this out for us. So we started with this, this big meta question of, is the crypto bull market back? So, gun to your head, what do you think? Is the crypto bull market back?
Speaker C: I do all right.
Speaker A: It could take some time. You might caveat with that, but it's better.
Speaker C: And I really, and I really hope it's not. Everything goes up. If everything goes up, I have very little faith in the long term sustainability of it.
Speaker B: You want the low and slow.
Speaker C: I want low and low and slow. Let the, Dan Mataszewski calls it the hot ball of money. Like, let it, let it build up before it starts rotating around. And that basically means let bitcoin. Let bitcoin be bitcoin.
Speaker A: We're back. We're back, baby. I feel like it's official now. That ledger came back. Ledger said we're back and called it. Okay, so last question for you to close this all this out. So how you play in this market right now? Just put back on your trader hat. How are you personally investing in this market right now?
Speaker C: Like I said, the most active stuff I've been in is actually in an IRA, which is weird.
Speaker A: Tax efficiency. It's not weird.
Speaker C: Yeah. So I'm like, uh, goofing around with very fast term trading with that and then honestly maintaining a core position. There's some stuff where I do have long term capital gains, uh, from invest investments that have become liquid, where I'm trying to consider my long term planning options. Right. So I can take profit with long term gains on something and then transition it into like, a larger core ETH position is the type of thing I'm considering. Right now I think this is a pretty good time to make like if I feel like I need more eth, for example, and I have a lot of bitcoin below 0.05 is probably pretty good for eth even though it looks bad, just short little clips so that you keep earning from upside in bitcoin, but you might start reallocating your position in that way and then for bitcoin itself. Preston im really hard at holding bitcoin for a long time. I can hold EtH for a long time, but for bitcoin I tend to be a little more traderish and its mostly because I think the path for bitcoin is so mainstream. The path for bitcoin to go from 33 to 99 like a three x, everybody in the world will be talking about it. But the path for me to find some trade out there where I think I might be able to make a three x I feel like is more accessible. So im a degenerate in that way and I go chase that trade.
Speaker A: Preston, let me ask you this ledger. So bitcoins had a bit of a run. It might be in the early phases of that we talked about Sol and its had a bit of a run. It might continue in the future. How about ether? Right now I know youre a big ether bullet. It feels like its been left behind.
Speaker C: Do you think its likely to follow whenever, whenever bitcoin calms down? The greatest thing about a bitcoin ETF is as soon as that spot bitcoin ETF comes out, the next thing you speculate on is when is the ethereum spot ETf coming out? Because I think Eth BTC could bottom the day that the bitcoin ETF goes live. That would be a very typical type of crypto thing. And I think thats also more accommodating. If rates have topped and thats trying to extrapolate whats ethereum going to do based on whats Jay Powell doing. But if long term yield comes down then I think that could be good for risk assets in general and ethereum kind of leading the bunch there.
Speaker B: I will say the spot Eth ETF ETF is going to mean more for ether than this bought bitcoin. ETF will mean for bitcoin simply because of the sizes, the relative size of these two assets.
Speaker C: Like I said, if I have strong conviction, BTC is going to ETH is going to ten k, one's a three x and one's a five x.
Speaker A: We're talking about comebacks ledger when is up, only coming back when's copy coming back online here.
Speaker C: If I knew, I probably still wouldn't tell you.
Speaker A: I'll have to have you guys back on when that joyous event happens. Ledger, thanks so much for joining us. This has been a lot of fun and Ledger's called it. We are officially back.
Speaker B: We are back.
Speaker A: Early stages of the bull market. The bull market is back. We're glad to have you on bankless. All the settlers who stayed with us through these dark times. I think it's going to be well worth the wait. Ledgers, thank you so much for coming on bankless and chatting with us about this.
Speaker C: It's always a pleasure to be with you both. Thanks for having me. And keep doing good work.
Speaker A: Awesome risks and disclaimers. Bankless nation, of course, the bull market.
Speaker B: Might not be back.
Speaker A: Yeah, we should mention that crypto is risky. So is trading. You could definitely lose what you put in. But we are headed west. This is the frontier. It's not for everyone. But we're glad you're with us on the bankless journey, bull market or not. Thanks a lot.
