Speaker A: Point of build, whatever is, there's no optimal point. It's all like a trade off curve, right? And Celestia is optimizing for a certain thing. Ethereum optimizes for a different thing. And again, also to tie back. And that's why it's not, they're not commodities, because they're just going to be very different. It's like Ethereum block space is going to be different than Celestia block space because they make different choices, they're optimized for different things. I think that, like Celestia just has a different philosophy and that results in different design.
Speaker B: Welcome to Banklist, where we explore the frontier of Internet money and Internet finance. And today we explore the frontier of Celestia and the roll up landscape that it wants to bring into the crypto universe. Bankless nation there is a paper thin wall between the design of Ethereum and the design of Celestia. These two networks are both designing for very similar outcomes. It's often discussed that Ethereum and Solana are the biggest competitors out there, but I actually think the reason why these two networks are positioned as big competitors is because the design philosophies of Ethereum and Solana are just completely opposed to each other. I suggest to you, bankless listener, that it's actually Celestia that is the real competition to Ethereum because it's made the same choices, optimizing for the same outcome, but with just some few key differences that we're going to unpack here on the show today. Perhaps this is also why there is a much more friendly relationship between these two ecosystem systems, between Celestia and Ethereum, because despite being more meaningful competitors, our values are the same. So personally speaking, if Celestia won the Game of Thrones in Crypto, I would actually still consider that a positive outcome for the preservation of crypto values in the bankless thesis to which I hold dear and to which other networks. I could not say the same, for today on the show is Nick White, the COO of Celestia Labs and has been with Celestia from the earliest of days. We had Nick on the show about two years ago, but since then, both Celestia and my understanding of it has grown quite a bit. And also this meme of Tia as modular money has also emerged. And whenever some token presents itself as money in the crypto space, I immediately want to go kick its tires and see where that idea holds up or where it breaks down. So let's go ahead and get right into the episode with Nick White. From Celestial Labs. But first, a moment to talk about some of these fantastic sponsors that make the show possible. Bankless nation. I'm here with Nick White, coo at celestial labs. Nick, welcome back to the podcast, my man.
Speaker A: Thank you, David. I think it's been almost exactly two years since I first came on Bankless, so I'm thrilled to be back.
Speaker B: Yeah. And two years ago, let me tell you, I had much less of an understanding of what Celestia is. I think even we were using lazy Ledger as the name for this whole system, and the concept of Da was just very foreign to me. So I'm hoping to do kind of just like a reprise of that same podcast, but your host this time has a lot more knowledge to ask the right questions and take this conversation into the right direction. Celestia has, like, the project has grown immensely and has really, like, redefined an entire meta. So a just, like, congrats on the success, my man. Like, what's it been like over the last, like, two years of Celestia? Like, give us a peek behind the scenes.
Speaker A: Well, it's been a grind. There's been a lot of work happening behind the scenes. People like to call things overnight success or whatever, but really, the reality is it started way back in 2019 and maybe even earlier in 2018, when Mustafa and folks like John Adler, some of the co founders of Celestia, were researching rollups and l two s back when no one was talking about them. Forming the foundation of data availability, sampling, and all the technology that now is live and in production and forms the basis of modularity. So it's been a huge amount of effort and work to get where we are. And I think to us, um, it was kind of inevitable because these things just make so much sense when you. When you get to the bottom of it. It's like, this is. This is the right way to build blockchains.
Speaker B: One thing I appreciate about Celestia is that, uh, there is a notion of, like, a logical conclusion of the design construction, um, like, uh, from first principles. Like, you can arrive at the conclusion of Celestia, and so maybe we can kind of start there. Like, Celestia's motto is build whatever. And I think going into the design construction of Celestia, people listening to this podcast will be able to understand why and how that motto emerges. But maybe you can just kind of walk us through, like, the first principles nature of Celestia. Why Celestia? It's a data availability layer. Maybe you can kind of, like, walk us through just the base foundations of like, the theory, the thesis behind Celestia. And why might one be interested in building a blockchain that starts using, starts with Da, first and foremost, to build, like to be at the bottom of the stack. What does it mean to build whatever. And how did you start here at Da?
Speaker A: So first, what is Celestia? Well, you can think of. Well, Celestia is the first modular blockchain network, and the goal of Celestia is to make it easy for anyone to securely launch their own blockchain. So you can kind of think of Celestia as an l, one that's been designed from the ground up to do one thing, which is to provide secure and scalable data availability for rollups. Now, to go a step further, what does it mean to be a modular blockchain? This is what ties into the build whatever concept, monolithic blockchains, which is pretty much every blockchain up until the first roll ups and Celestia came along were blockchains where all the functions were combined and coupled into one protocol. The nodes in that protocol had to do all the functions of running a decentralized application at one time. When you do things that way, you fundamentally have a bunch of constraints that when you take a modular approach, where you decouple those functions and break them into separate protocols that are optimized for that and that can be remixed, you get all this, you remove those constraints, and you have all this freedom as a developer, as a builder to build new things that weren't possible before. So build whatever is touching on this aspect of modular blockchains that really removes all the constraints and just blows the doors open and what's possible. That's really what build whatever is about. First of all, what are some of the constraints to get removed? First, scalability in a modular system becomes significantly better because you have a really high performant data availability network at the bottom, which provides this very cheap, scalable, secure block space, and that's enabled by data availability sampling. Then you have roll ups which scale the execution part. All of a sudden you can have a blockchain that can have really high throughput while still being secure and trust, minimize and all the things that we want that wasn't really possible before those two innovations. That's the first thing, scalability. You don't have to worry about the throughput and congestion and all those kind of things. You get dedicated block space, basically because you're running your own chain. The second thing is that you get to mix and match the different components so that you can actually choose the kinds of features that you want your chain, your application to have. So you can choose different data availability layers with different properties, different trade offs. You can choose different execution layers. You don't have to be just in the EVM or the Solana VM, you can choose any kind of vm or build your own custom execution environment. You can choose various kinds of fast confirmations, like sequencing schemes to have different trade offs, or different kinds of mempools that have MEV tooling or privacy enabled features. All these different pieces can be, you can control the economics of your chain as well, which is really important because you can, all of a sudden, instead of giving all the value back to the l one that you built your application on, you can actually capture some of the value that you're creating as the application builder for yourself and for your community and your network. It's all those kinds of things that as a builder, open the door, wide open to what you can build. Whatever is, whatever you can imagine you can build. And we want to explore and encourage the exploration of this design space, because ultimately, how we get from where we are to where blockchains and web three are used on a daily basis worldwide is by app builders experimenting and showing us what's possible. Because ultimately a lot of people also say, oh, well, modular blockchains are just a bunch of infrastructure without real users or real applications. You guys are just really, I don't know, it's kind of like a, I dont know, you guys arent actually thinking about the end product or the real users. But really, modular blockchains are about that. And its about experimenting and unlocking new capabilities that I think are going to be the key to figuring out how blockchains become useful for the rest of the world.
Speaker B: There are some opinions in the celestia model. There are opinions in every single layer, one. And so I kind of want to like define what the opinions are of the celestia design architecture. Uh, first and foremost, like modularity, of course. Uh, but like, first and foremost, I think, like there, the, the celestial model is opinions that there will be many, many, many, many blockchains. And in fact, it's trying to encourage the growth of that. Uh, and what do all blockchains do is that they need to provide like assurances, uh, and verification about their state externally, so that the world can verify the state of all of these blockchains. And so like every single blockchain like that we've had from the beginning of time has some sort of just like node set internally, like, litecoin has nodes, bitcoin has nodes, ethereum has nodes, you know, pick, pick your blockchain. It's got some nodes doing some verification, and that verification is some sort of data, and all these nodes are verifying the data of the state of some particular chain. And so Celestia's opinion is that, like, hey, like, we will be the place where that data is posted. We call this data availability. That's what Celestia is providing to the world. And there's some sort of, like, opinion that, like, data availability is like at the bottom of the stack. Because in order to have verification of all of these blockchains, we need to verify the proofs, the state proofs of all of these different chains. And so, like, I think one of the opinions of Celestia is that it's a multi chain world. There's going to be infinity different chains. And actually, like, not only will is there, we can actually encourage that and we can actually support more and more chains by actually doing one of the, one of the jobs that all chains have, which is the verification of the state. And like, where, whether you're an ethereum layer two and you are posting your fraud proofs or your blobs to blob space, it's kind of doing the same role or to the celestia data availability. Like, there is a proofs, there's statements about the state of all of these chains, and you can post them on celestia in order to get the security of people able to verify the state of all these things. And so this is something that's like, this is just fundamentally true about crypto. This is not something that celestia invented. This is something that Celestia discovered and is now optimizing for. And so when I hear the build anything model or, excuse me, the build whatever motto, to me, it's like Celestia is providing this space for blockchains to do something that they all must do, which is allow for the verification of their state. Except the difference is celestia is just being this one central place to kind of like, all of these proofs to be posted, which helps more and more blockchains kind of like manifest. That's kind of like my attempt at explaining this. How would you, how would you riff on that?
Speaker A: That was great. There's so many things I want to say following that. One is so Celestia is the most minimal blockchain that you can build. Because when you go down to first principles, all that you need to build these trust minimize applications is some form of ordering which is consensus. You need to figure out what are the order of the inputs to this state machine. Because every application on a blockchain is a state machine, is a computer, and you're trying to make sure that everyone can verify and arrive at the same state. So if you want to be able to all arrive at the same state, you need to agree on what's the order of the inputs to the state machine. And you need to know, first of all, what are those inputs in the first place. And that's data availability, that's data publishing is maybe a better way to put it. You need to know everyone that's participating needs to be able to see what's actually happening. But then the actual state machine and the execution of verification of those transactions doesn't have to live on the layer one on that chain. It can be run client side or on a different layer, a layer two, like a roll up. And so that's really the insight. So when you think of things that way, one way to sort of tie this back to build whatever is when your layer one, your base layer, is that minimal, you're kind of, you're basically providing the maximal expressivity for the people building on top of it because you've made the trade minimum amount.
Speaker B: So we're taking some opinion out of the layer one to allow for all of that choice of what that opinion is to be made by all of the layer twos on top of celestia.
Speaker A: Exactly. Yeah. And also to talk about monolithic blockchains like Solana or whatever, it's sort of a one size fits all models. Like let us make the choice for you. We know what's best.
Speaker B: All of the opinions.
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. We're the experts. We have the best execution, we have the best this and that, and just like build on us and we'll take care of it for you. Now, I think there's validity in that, but I think that the vast majority of the opportunity is in this space of giving expressivity to developers and app builders because they're smart, they know what they want. There's no one size fits all. It's like everyone has a different style, everyone has a different size that fits them anyway. And then another thing about when you make the blocks based on maybe one analogy that could help people is that it's sort of like a refined sort of commodity. We can also touch on this like refined oil or something that's now been processed into something new, like a value added product versus something that's raw and unrefined, like just a pure, like just got it out of the ground resource. And so block space that has an execution layer embedded in it. To me, like if, whether it's on Ethereum base layer or Solana in a monolithic chain, is a refined sort of value added, like already transformed. Good. You can't take it back into the raw form that easily. I guess you can, like in Ethereum, you can just like post blobs, but that layer is not actually built for that, whereas Celestia is optimized just for massive scale of the, of raw block space, unrefined block space. And then you can go and like, take however much you want, basically purchase it from the protocol and refine it to do the thing that you want. It could be jet fuel, maybe you're running like an SVM L two, and you want it to go really fast. So you refine the block space, the crude oil, into jet fuel. Or maybe you're just like, hey, I just want to everyday EVM chain turn it into gasoline to put it into your car. I don't know, it's that kind of mentality.
Speaker B: Yeah, I totally see that pattern. And I know you read an article that's going to come out this week on bankless, where I call Celestia. In this, there's an axis here on size of blocks and sophistication of blocks, sophistication being like, basically, is there a virtual machine in the blockchain, or is there not? And Ethereum and Slesia actually occupy opposing corners here, where the Ethereum layer one is a small block chain. We have, like, small constrained data with a virtual machine, whereas Celestia is the opposite, where it is unconstrained, as in the layer one can support, like, massive size, massive capacity blobs. But it doesn't have a virtual machine because that's one of the opinions that it allows. It pushes up to the higher layers, to the layer twos. Uh, interestingly, even though we occupy like, kind of opposing corners here, we've taken like, the opposite trade offs. There's still a lot of, like, shared values and shared, like, philosophy here, like, easy to verify clients. Like, even though Celestia is like kind of a big, a big block chain, since all the blocks are, like, simple, because they're all unsophisticated, there's no virtual machine, there's no computation here. It's trivially easy to verify, which is also one of the goals of Ethereum. Maybe even Aslesia is like, even more easy to verify than Ethereum, because Ethereum, you have to actually redo computation to verify it. But also at the same time, both are interested in producing this layer two design space. Maybe, correct me if I'm wrong, but I think kind of the main difference between Ethereum and Celestia, especially now that Ethereum has 4844, it has its own blob space, whereas Celestia is only blob space. So the only difference between Ethereum left and Celestia is that Ethereum retains its virtual machine at the layer one, whereas Celestia just has no virtual machine. It's just post your bobs. Is there any other differences that we should parse out, or is that just the main one?
Speaker A: I really love that diagram, by the way of, and I like that way of thinking about sophisticated, unsophisticated and big blocks and small blocks. And I think that basically Celestia really believes in big unsophisticated blocks, or I like to say big lazy blocks. Because as you add sophistication, what happens is it becomes more difficult to verify. If you have state and execution, then the transactions that come through all of a sudden, to run a node and verify the chain, you have to have a bigger machine that holds that state that actually processes those transactions. Whereas the point of celestia is that because of data availability, sampling, and the fact that it has no execution, you can run a light node, you can run on your phone. It requires almost no bandwidth and no compute and very little storage. And yet you can basically have the assurances of verification of a full node. And when you start to add execution and state, the more state you have and the more execution you add to, the worse and worse that becomes. Basically, you lose that ability, and it becomes heavier and heavier to run a node that fully verifies the chain. So in Ethereum's case, obviously it started out as a monolithic blockchain, and it's been extremely successful. There's been so much application, there's so much state, and that's the value of Ethereum. There's so much valuable state and applications and logic on Ethereum. And now Ethereum, it's way cheaper than running a Solana full node, but it's actually relatively expensive to run an Ethereum full node and fully verify the chain. Now, adding the sidecar of data availability through blobspace and eventually full dank sharding gives you this dual system of you have a monolithic, stateful execution environment with this more modular, very specific, big, unsophisticated blocks thing so it's kind of this amalgam, which I think has some trade offs that are actually good and are different than Celestia. I think there's similarities. You can think of Celestia as very similar to when dank sharding is fully live. But Celestia will never have this full state, full l one, because we want to be as minimal as possible, because we think that we want to preserve. As soon as you have that stable l one, every roll up that launches on top of you has to pay attention to that and run a full node of that whole execution. And we want to be as light as possible for the rollups to build on top of us.
Speaker B: Right. And Celestia as a platform for sovereignty is something that definitely comes to mind here, which is exactly what you're talking about. Right? So because Celestia pushes, uh, its virtual machine to the higher level, there's no, there's no virtual machine on Celestia. Uh, and so all roll ups must, must make their own opinion about, like, what kind of virtual machine do they want? Can you talk about that trade off and, like, what properties that gives celestial based roll ups that ethereum based roll ups don't have? Whereas, like, Ethereum, Ethereum based roll ups are also free to choose their virtual machine. But there's something different about the fact that the settlement layer for Ethereum roll ups all uses the EVM. Can you talk about the difference in this model?
Speaker A: This is such a great question and a great segue. I really think this is one of the philosophical differences, potentially, between Ethereum's approach to modularity and Celestia's. Now, first of all, as a disclaimer, Celestia also believes in settled rollups. But we're also very bullish on sovereign rollups. The thing is, when you take the Ethereum approach, where you have, this is.
Speaker B: A settled roll up. An Ethereum roll up? Is that.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's like a smart contract roll up. It's a roll up that, like, settles to other, another chain. And, like, has to, like, sort of, it's for choice rule and sort of, like, the canonical chain is sort of determined by what, like a bridge contract on another chain. It's also a very controversial topic as well. If people remember, like, a year ago, like, there was, like, months of discussion and debate on this.
Speaker B: Anyway, wait, so Celestia roll ups don't settle to Silesia because Celestia isn't a settlement layer. Right. And so, like, they settle to themselves. They are their own layer one. Whereas what you're saying is settled roll ups are there is a kind of like a hub of final settlement, which is like the Ethereum layer one or any other smart contract chain.
Speaker A: Yes. Well, but you can still run a settled roll up on Celestia. So there's no reason. It's just that Celestia does not want to be a settlement layer and there's.
Speaker B: No way currently settle elsewhere. That's not Celestia.
Speaker A: Yeah, including. But they can still sell, right?
Speaker B: Right, yes, exactly.
Speaker A: We can unpack all that. It gets a little confusing. But also I also want to say that Celestia doesn't have any means of settlement right now, but we are going to add a way. And one of the downsides of this is that there's no way to bridge Tia as a token in a trust minimized way up to roll ups without some form of settlement. But we have a plan to solve that, so we can talk about it later anyway.
Speaker B: So three pins in three different conversations, which I want to come back to.
Speaker A: But keep going anyway. Okay, so when you are ethereum, right, ethereum lens of like roll ups starting back in 2020, when they're first getting sort of proposed, was this idea of we want to extend the throughput and the functionality and the users and the assets and all these things of the l one itself. Like Ethereum has this rich ecosystem of users and applications and liquidity and stuff like that. We need to scale that. So the mental model of the original.
Speaker B: Fight, just to really extend that both arbitrum and optimism were fighting over, like, which one is more ethereum equivalent, because they are trying to literally blur the lines between the layer one and the layer two by being exactly the same as Ethereum and having this like very natural continuation. This was the genesis of like the Ethereum roll up, like landscape here, just to add on to what you're saying.
Speaker A: Exactly. And so when you start with that mental model of what roll up should be, they're sort of subordinate, like add ons to the scale, the layer one, you have just different assumptions about how they should work and what they should look like. And you see that everywhere in the Ethereum l two ecosystem, in my opinion, most of them are just running the EVM. Most of them also pretty much all of them settle down to Ethereum. I mean, that's the whole point of building on Ethereum, is that there's users and assets and all that stuff. But they make those assumptions in their design that they basically need to be, they need to have this bridge contract and a lot of them have it baked in that the bridge contract is sort of like the source of truth for their roll up. And so that's what you can think of as a non sovereign roll up, like a settled or smart contract roll up. Now, Celestia comes at it from a very different angle, which is more sort of from the cosmos sovereign chains interpretation of what roll ups are in our minds. Roll ups. There's actually no reason why rollups need to settle to another chain at all. They are actually their own blockchains in their own right. They just happen to run, it's like a virtual blockchain where they run on someone else, some other chain's block space. So they borrow, they pay to use a block space of another chain and that's it. But there's no reason that they need to actually post like a proof to another chain to be able to determine the canonical chain for themselves. And so now there's, but there's reasons they might like obviously, if you, and this is also, there's a whole spectrum of like, well, once you start bridging to other chains, do you lose sovereignty? I happen to have my own opinion there, which we don't need to get into, but that's the big difference. Where Celestia is right now is they're actually helping a lot of Ethereum l two chains still scale by using Celestia da while still settling to Ethereum. We do that via this data availability bridge called Blobstream. We're rolling that out. Also we deployed on base and arbitrum. The idea there is that like you can still tap into an external data availability layer while still being able to settle to another chain. There's trade, there's security trade offs there, which is that that bridge contract now makes an honest majority assumption on the external DA layer. And so it's not as good if you are ultimately caring about Ethereum is my settlement like root of trust for the liquidity and everything, then Ethereum DA is sort of the gold standard because that is more secure from that lens, from the lens of the bridge. But our belief is that we're still so early in the development of blockchains that eventually it's going to become roll ups. And the successful roll ups are going to become so big that they're no longer really necessarily have to be tied to anything. They can't stand on their own legs. And basically all the liquidity and users and things can be native. We're thinking that's the end game of where the stack goes. And so we want to build for that, and also just, I guess, philosophically, we believe that these applications, these communities that are building and using these roll ups, should have control, if they want to, of their own chain. And not because when you settle to Ethereum, ultimately, if something happens and there's a hack or something like that, in order to change anything, you have to change the bridge, because the bridge is a source of truth. But you can't fork your bridge unless you fork Ethereum. And so you end up kind of, like, stuck. Essentially, you're embedded within the ethereum social consensus and social contract, rather than being on your own thing. That was a long rant, and there's a lot to talk about, but I.
Speaker B: Thought there, I think maybe just one pattern. I'd like to elevate the idea when I got into crypto in 2017. And ever since then, honestly, there's always been this idea of, like, it's a multi layer one universe, it's a multi blockchain universe. There's going to be so many blockchains, blockchains everywhere. And then as a result, downstream of that, like, meme, a lot of, like, interoperability chains surfaced, like, chains that are trying to connect other chains. Some are, like, bridges in the 2017 world, there's, like, a network which is, like, this one chain that would connect to other chains. There's a blockchain that connects to connected blockchains. And there's been this whole entire sector of, like, these, these, like, interoperability solutions that, like, would solve the interoperability problems of blockchains with, like, another blockchain. And that, like, those of all, that whole entire sector hasn't really taken off yet. But the same opinion of, like, hey, there's going to be a bajillion chains is nonetheless held by both, like, Ethereum and celestia. It's just like, there's this main one difference of, like, instead of, like, adding a. A third chain to connect two chains, instead these two chains are just using the same sort of, like, shared resource, uh, being da. And that is actually the thing that actually allows for two blockchains to actually talk to each other without having, like, this intermediary third chain that does that one, this, like, one global service, uh, riff on that for a second, like, because, like, this is kind of the evolution of, like, the many chain world.
Speaker A: Absolutely. I'm so glad you brought that up, because that's something I wanted to talk about earlier. But then there are so many other things to mention. Um, so that the. Why does it make sense to share a data availability layer. Like, why, why does it make sense for this, like, base layer of security, like Celestia, to be, to be data availability? The reason is that data availability, it makes sense. If we're living in a world where there's tons and tons of different chains, it makes sense for them to share the same DA resource for a few different reasons. One is exactly like you said, data availability. There's actually an impossibility result, an interoperability for blockchains, which states if you're not able to verify the other chain's data availability, you cannot have a trust minimized bridge with them. And so if you want to have these chains be able to interoperate with a high degree of fidelity and security and economic bandwidth, they need to be sharing a common DA layer right now.
Speaker B: Is that just because you just reduce trust assumptions? If we all make the same trust assumption, we all agree to use celestia as the place to. So, like, on from the Ethereum side of things, right? Like a roll up can either use ethereum da, uh, ethereum for settlement, which can be expensive, or it makes an all different choice. It makes it.
Speaker A: It'll.
Speaker B: It'll make the choice to have an additional security assumption, which is using an external third party DA provider, which is what Celestia is. But if we all make that same external choice, then that same external trust assumption is better for all of us, and we're all making the same trade off. Uh, and so that trade off actually kind of becomes more secure because more people have made it. Is that. Is that what you were saying?
Speaker A: Sort of. It's. I wouldn't even call it a trust assumption. It's sort of like, well, this ties into the idea of light nodes, which I was talking about earlier. Right, which is that. Okay, so how does blockchain interoperability really work under the hood? Well, this specifically. When you're trying to do it in a trust minimized way, what you do is you need your blockchain. Blockchain A, to verify the state of blockchain B. Right. You're saying I bridged these tokens or I did action, certain action on blockchain B that I want to trigger to mint my tokens here or do some action here. I need to actually, this blockchain A itself needs to be able to verify that that actually happened. Now, the way that we do this currently in the most trustworthy way, for example, like, let's say IBC, is that these two different chains, they run what's called a lite client of each other, which is the same thing that certain users run. Like you can run a light client on bitcoin or whatever. And what that, like, client does is basically verifies the signatures of this other chain, the block producers, and it says, okay, all the block producers signed off on this state. Therefore I'm okay to trust it and do mint these coins and whatever. Now, the problem with that is that a like, client makes an honest majority assumption on the validator set of the other chain. If this chain decides to go rogue and sign some arbitrary state, this chain has no way of defending itself.
Speaker B: And so that's, it assumes that both chains are secure when they might not be, but it assumes that they are.
Speaker A: Well, yeah, specifically, it assumes that the validators are secure, are not going to, like, corrupt, get corrupted. The problem with that is that if a rational validator, if I have a certain amount of stake at value at stake, if I sign invalid state, I get slash for that. But if the amount of damage I can do to other chains that I'm bridged to is a higher, like, amount of money I can steal is higher than, like, I may as well do that, right? Or like, it becomes ration, the rational choice to do it. So in this world, where interoperability is based on, like, clients, which even to this day, like most, interoperability is not even based on, like, clients, like clients is better than 99% of other interop. But even in this world, you have this problem, right? And the way that, okay, one, and tying it back to data availability, hope I'm not losing the listeners, is that now, if we want to do this in a trust minimized way, what we could do is instead have this chain post an actual proof or use proofs rather than just a multisig or a signature set, it can post fraud proofs or ZK proofs of this date to this chain. Now, the problem is, and we all know that that's a big step up in the security. However, there's still another attack, which is a data withholding attack, which is this chain posts its state over there, but it never actually publishes the data behind that state transition. If this chain is not able to verify that all the data is available on this chain, then it can again break the bridge and steal all the money. Now you're stuck in this thing of like, okay, well, in order to have two chains have totally secure interoperability, which is proof based, not like validated, signature based, honest, majority based, trust fully trust minimized, they need to verify that each other's data is available. So now all of a sudden you're like okay, well it makes sense for us to post our data to a common data availability layer. Now before data availability sampling came along, that didn't really make any sense because ultimately if every chain post this data to the same DA layer, that DA layer just gets bigger and bigger and bigger. And now everyone is burdened with having to download more and more data. So every chain now has to do way like more work. It basically increases linearly with the amount of like the amount of chains of the amount of transactions. With databilly sampling, all of a sudden you make it sublinear so that we can actually share a common DA layer without increasing the load on the other chains. So now you can have this interoperability fully trust minimized without in a scalable and actually scalable system.
Speaker B: Okay? And this conversation all kind of spawned with Celestia as a platform for sovereignty. Sovereignty yet yet trustless composability. Is it trustless or it's just like we call it trust minimized? And is it an end of one trust assumption?
Speaker A: Something that I learned very early on from Mustafa and is to never use the word trustless because there's always thing as trustlessness. There's no such thing as trustless. There's always some assumptions baked into these things. But you want to be as trust minimize. And the most trust minimized that we know how to build so far is basically having some kind of execution proofs, whether it's ZK or fraud proofs with some form of, with data availability guarantees like data availability sampling. Or if you want to, you can just download all the data and that way you're fully secure and you're not making any assumptions. Now the reason why tying this back to sovereignty or why does it make sense to share a common da layer, first of all is an interoperability thing. And I guess why I kind of already covered it. But before, yeah, before database sampling, it didn't make sense for chains to all couple this. But you also get this shared security of the consensus as well. If you're also deriving consensus from the underlying GA layer, you don't have to have your own consensus network and your own proof of stake system. It can all be within one proof of stake system. And the good thing about consensus is that it's extremely scalable because all you're doing is just voting. Consensus is actually one thing that inherently makes it an honest majority assumption. There's no way consensus is a subjective thing. It's not objective.
Speaker B: Consensus is honest majority.
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. Whether it's proof of work. It's like you're assuming that the majority of the miners are not going to go back in time and start mining a different uncle chain and proof of stake. You're assuming they're also not going to sign conflicting blocks, essentially. But the beauty of sharing this common da layer is that you don't have to spin up your own chain from scratch. All of a sudden, you can have consensus and data availability, which is the root of the security of your chain, out of the box, and you can pool all those resources together rather than duplicating the effort and fragmenting the security.
Speaker B: So one of the big conversations around slussier is the notion of DA, data availability as a commodity or not. Some people will look at the market cap of tia and be like, well, that doesn't make any sense, because what are they doing? They're selling a commodity. The price of DA, the cost of DA are going to zero. The economic sustainability of selling DA is just not a very good business. But I think we've already kind of opened up how Celestia is more than just a seller of DA, which is the network effects around many roll ups, many, many, many roll ups, all kind of leveraging celestia for DA, and especially that sub linear relationship with more roll ups using celestia for DA and how scalable it is. Right? And so technically, infinite amount of room for Celestia to fit many, many roll ups who can all have this logically concluded, minimized ease of verification of other chains, giving you a maximum level of interoperability with the retention of sovereignty. And all of this happens because of, like, there's a common layer here. So, like, maybe. Maybe Da is a commodity, but, like, that's not all what Celestia is like. Celestia is more than that. This is my intuition of, like, I think where this conversation goes, maybe you can pick it up and run with it.
Speaker A: Yeah, absolutely. I'm glad that you're talking about DA as a commodity, because this is one of the takes that I hear the most, which I think is, like, the most short sighted or just like, misguided, basically. Because, again, if you think about it, do you think that, for example, any EVM block space is the same? Is block space on ethereum l one versus tron, or, I don't know, even, let's say, arbitrum? All block space is differentiated in some way. They have different features. I think people just think data availability. It just sounds like, oh, I'm just putting my data somewhere, and it could be anywhere. So it's trivial to just spin up more data availability. But the reality is that data availability is just another name for block space. It's just unrefined block space, but it has all the same properties of block space in other contexts. Unless you think that literally all block space is a commodity, then you should not think that DA is a commodity. I think there's a lot of other one way I've heard of this express, this idea expressed. I think someone in the Ethereum community uses analogy of block space as a building material. This is another way of explaining this. Not all block space is made the same. Not all DA is made equal in the sense of there's block space or data availability that's flimsy block space and database that's very strong and robust. And like what, you know, if I'm a builder and I'm building a, this whole, the whole point of blockchains, right, is to have this shared state in a trust minimized way. And if I'm building my application and I choose certain building materials, like something that's flimsy as say like particle board or something like the house I'm going to be able to build, or the tower or whatever is going to be like just frankly not very sturdy. Right. And maybe that's okay for your specific thing, but for the majority of use cases and the real essence of what makes blockchains useful, you want something that's very sturdy, like steel, that you could just build like a tower. And the social scalability of that is so much greater. So it's kind of like this building material analogy is one way to think about it. And Celestia's goal is to be the most sturdy, trust minimized, and yet scalable, da. So it's cost effective. You might also might think, well, okay, well, if it's made out of steel, it's going to be more expensive than if I bought just plywood or particle board or something. And yes, absolutely it will be. If you want to just use DA on Aws s three or something like that, go for it. That's going to be cheaper, obviously, but you're going to pay for it.
Speaker B: Otherwise, post your da as tweets on Twitter. It's great.
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. Exactly. But you're going to pay for it in other ways. But the goal of Celestia is like, maybe, okay, this is maybe a good thing. Okay, maybe ethereum lockspace right now is like steel. It is like the most, it is like insanely secure. Like so many people running nodes like all these different features, Celestia is perhaps not as sturdy yet for now, but it's cheaper. So maybe you think of it like carbon fiber. I don't know if carbon fiber is like actually cheaper than cheaper, but okay, never mind, that's a bad analogy. Imagine something that's like not quite as strong, but cheaper to build on and still extremely sturdy. Build houses out of wood. Yeah, yeah. Well, I'll think more about what the specific analogy could be, but that's the way to think about it. It's not a commodity. Now, within each block, like within Celestia block space is kind of created equal. So you could think of it as a commodity within all Celestia specific blocks, all Ethereum specific block space is a commodity. But then you even have Ethereum breaking out its block space into execution block space and da block space. And also you can think of it like, well, top of block is actually a more valuable sort of part of the Ethereum block space because there's mev to be extracted at the top of the block. So anyway, that's just sort of me. My rant of DA is not a commodity. And we can talk more about specifically the network effects around block space and Da generally, which I believe are there as another element of this conversation.
Speaker B: Yeah, I see two pillars of this conversation. The one that you were just talking about right now, and then the second one, which you just identified, which is just like, what are the extra features that come alongside of a shelling point where everyone's using the same Da layer? And how can a platform like Celestia or any other DA platform, how can they maximize network effects, which is one part of this DA as a commodity conversation, which I definitely want to get to, but I still want to hang on the first one for a second because I don't think what your opinion was actually directly attacks at the heart of the whole DA is a commodity meme. Block space is also a commodity. To your point, it's definitely a commodity, but block space is less commoditized, whereas think DA is very commoditized, as in like you can like Ethereum produces block space. The Ethereum layer one produces block space at a very specific rate, and so it's producing this commodity but in this very constrained fashion, which is actually where Ethereum block space gets its value from the fact that it's so constrained in its supply and production, whereas Celestia as like the big block, big unsophisticated block blockchain, actually can like expand the supply of Da very readily to host infinity chains. And so, like, because there's no fundamental constraint on, literally the supply of da, we can totally compare and contrast Celestia da with all the other da providers. And we can say, like, well, like, Celestia is just, like, the best. It's, like, the best product. It's. It's the best quality out of all the DAev, but it still doesn't, like, address the point that Celestia can also massively expand the supply of data availability when needed to sell it to all the roll ups that are purchasing it. And so I think that's where kind of the meme of, like, Da is a commodity comes from.
Speaker A: Yeah. Here's maybe a better. To reply to your point, maybe a better analogy is, like, maybe Ethereum block space is, like, diamonds or some kind of rare mineral where it's, like, precious. The supply is so limited, and you have to do a lot of work to get it out of the ground. It's insanely secure. Diamonds are the hardest thing in the world. You're not going to break it, but it's just difficult. And the supply is fundamentally constrained. What? Celestia is actually more like steel, where the ingredients to make it are very cheap and accessible, and so it's very scalable. Right. But it's still a great building material. Maybe it's not as strong as diamond, but you can still build really, really good things out of it. And ultimately, what Celestia wants to. Okay, if we want to reach web scale for web three and blockchains, we can't do it building out of diamonds. We need to have steel or something like that to build all these different things. That's why we fundamentally believe that, like, we can constrain supply of block space is a blocker to actual adoption. Right? And there's. And now you're thinking like, okay, well, if it's totally unconstrained, then there's no, like, how do you price it? The price is like a. Like a race. Race to zero. That's also not the case. Like, the price just needs to be higher than the cost to produce a. To produce it. Right. If I'm a steel manufacturer, it's like, would I rather, like, I could sell, like, a thousand. I don't even know what you call those, like, you know, bars of steel. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Beams of steel at, like, a, you know, $1,000 apiece. Or I could sell, like, a million of them at, like, a $100 apiece or something like that. Right. You want to. It's better to have a low price point, but sell a lot. Like, that's how. That's how we're going to actually make these systems work in the real world. And that's what Celestia wants to do, rather than trying to constrain supply and drive the price up. It's like, have the price be low and accessible to anyone and just sell a lot of it. Basically, it's like, economy of scale is sort of, like, the underlying goal.
Speaker B: Yeah. All metaphors sadly break down. And so this is where, kind of, like, these economic resources are. Like, metaphors are kind of imprecise. But I think, really, the measure is both Ethereum and block space, and Celestia blobspace are both, like, renewable resources. But Ethereum constrains its supply, and Celestia maximizes the supply. And so Celestia regrows its block space very, very quickly, because that's kind of the nature of blob space, is you can actually prune it. And so its ability to regrow more blob space happens at a very high rate and is also interested in growing it. Growing, like, renewing its resource over and over and over again, faster and faster and faster, where Ethereum is like, yo really put a damper on how much new commodity that we are producing, because that's just what the nature of block space is.
Speaker A: Yes, exactly. Yeah. And just a quick thing on the pruning part, which is that data availability is different to data storage. So people get mixed up. They're like, oh, man. Well, Celestia doesn't store its data beyond 21 days. I think that's what the pruning threshold is. But the reason for that is that data availability is about publishing and not about storing. And those are two different things. It's sort of like a newspaper publishes data and distributes it around the world, but you don't expect them to have the copy of, you know, the newspaper from three weeks ago, like, you know, when you go back and check it, because it's like, well, they already did their thing. If you need it, there's copies of that newspaper everywhere. Just go or go to a library and pull it out, because the libraries are storing it, and a library is more like a storage anyway. That's a small aside.
Speaker B: Yeah, right. It's not the newspaper's job to retain the knowledge, like, humanity does that in other places. And so their knowledge remains, but the newspapers decay.
Speaker A: Exactly. Yes.
Speaker B: Okay, let's get into the other pillar of this conversation, which is, like, the specific network effects around Celestia da or any sort of Da layer that generates network effects, because this is the, and I think we've kind of talked about it. So we're actually kind of rehashing part of this conversation. But just like is one thing to talk about, say Da is a commodity or not, or it's actually a precious material. But really the separating factor between, like one Da platform's quality of their Da and others is largely its shelling point as a settlement network for DA. And so we've already talked about if rollups are all using the same DA layer, call it Celestia, there are tailwinds. Maybe we can just run through that conversation a little bit more formally, one more time about how the quality of DA changes when everyone uses the same DA platform.
Speaker A: Yeah. So one of the main ones, which we already covered, well, I'll just recover quickly, is that the more rollups, the more chains are using a specific data availability layer. You get this shared security property, basically, which is, first of all, you share the same root consensus and ordering between the blocks, and you have this shared proof of stake network at the base. But then, more importantly, potentially, is the fact that you share this common data availability route. And there's actually, in Celestia, there's this, what's called the data route. And if everyone's verifying the same data route, then they get this privileged access to each other's state and they can have these trust minimized bridges that allow them to have, you can really have this high fidelity, high economic bandwidth interoperability between these chains, which I think is going to be vital to achieving the actual value proposition of what blockchains are supposed to be. Right. Um, and because as soon as you sort of like bake if you want to, now all of a sudden you're, you're on this DA layer, you want to talk to this other chain on a different DA layer, or that's own sovereign chain, whatever it is you end up now you're having to cross this boundary of trust that has all these limitations and security implications that right now we might not really care about because we're such, like, where we are as a space is so like peanuts compared to where we want to be. Like, fast forward 20 years, right? Like it's the same as the Internet. Like people just saw, like, oh, whatever, it's email, blah, blah, blah, literally now everything runs on the Internet. That's where I believe web three is going. And except instead of just like data and information, it's going to be like the value, it's like everyone's livelihoods, the equivalent of whatever next, like the next iteration of central banks are. And like the whole global financial system is going to be on these things. It's not going to be a joke. It's going to be like, well, I actually want to stay within my zone of like, if I go outside of this trust minimize zone, I'm actually taking it risk and there's going to be a limit. Like, obviously people will take that risk. I'm not saying that we're going to be in these isolated islands, there will be bridging between these, but it's going to be constrained by those trust assumptions baked into them, and that are just inherent to the nature of blockchains, as far as we know, with this impossibility result. So there's going to be this privileged, there's going to be, I would say, a natural sort of pooling, aggregation, consolidation around specific DA layers for the chains that really need trust, minimized interoperability with each other. That's one.
Speaker B: Okay, beautiful. And I want to get into the conversation of Tia, the token's role in all in the celestia ecosystem. So of course, like, Tia gets the economic security, gives the economic security to the celestial ecosystem. Basic, basic proof of stake principles. I don't really think we need to define proof of stake here, but like, what is Tia's relationship with the roll ups that build on top of Celestia? How do these relationships emerge and progress?
Speaker A: Yeah, Tia is basically, first of all, the proof of stake token at the root of the network. It's also the token that people use to pay for block space. If you're running a chain on Celestia, you're going to need to pay Tia to the underlying layer to purchase the block space. And the fee basically is proportional to the amount of data that you want to consume. So it's actually more similar, but the fee market is more similar to bitcoin, which is like a byte based fee model, versus ethereum, which is gas based. So that's another interesting difference there, because there's no execution, there's no gas, and it's linear.
Speaker B: Is it linear to bytes? So bytes go up by one gas, or price goes up by one, or is there basically.
Speaker A: Yeah, there's like a base fee, and then it scales up as you consume more and more data beyond that. But I think TIA, ultimately, there's nothing stopping it from being used as a gas token for execution layers built on top of it, which actually could be very useful, similar to what rollups used for ETH, you may not want to issue your own token to do gas. If those roll up operators and folks using it are already posting data dyslexia, it can kind of make sense. Just have that also be TIA because it kind of aligns the cost of execution with the same sort of unit of account essentially between the DA and the execution. So there's a lot of reasons why that could make sense.
Speaker B: It can also be just a pin in this. This is something that I've learned from David Graeber's book debt 1st 5000 years. And also like, one of the ways that we understand money emerges in the first place is that some governments have some control over some piece of land and then they say, hey citizens, we are going to protect you and you are going to pay taxes. Also, you're going to pay taxes in this unit of account, which is our currency that we issue and so go do commerce with each other, generate revenue. We charge you in taxes in this unit of account, and because you have to pay taxes in this unit of account, that unit of account becomes the money of that particular domain. It's just a very understood way in which money emerges in a particular landscape is that people just use the money that they are required to pay taxes in, and taxes in this particular, like, web three context is just like what it costs to pay for the resources that are required to make your blockchain work.
Speaker A: Exactly. You know, that book is something that I remember, I bought it at one point and I was like, I'm going to read this book and I just could not get through it.
Speaker B: Dude, it's such a good book, Mandy.
Speaker A: I know, I know. Everyone says it's on my list anyway, that's a great way to think about it. I think then similar to Ethereum, Tia can be used in defi, it can be used to price nfts, and also in the future, potentially people could build restaking type functionality to celestia. I think there's a lot of actual parallels, frankly, between Tia as a token and eth as a token. It's just very, they have very similar uses or potential uses. Ethereum is obviously way further along in terms of distribution and there's actually people pricing nfts and doing all these things. In Tia's case, it's still very hypothetical, but there are people that I'm aware of that are building these kinds of things and so we'll see how it plays out. And I think that's one. I don't know if we were already off the topic of network effects, but there's a couple other ones that I think are kind of interesting to go into if that's something that we have time for. One other interesting network effect around data availability specifically, and this is light nodes, something that we didn't talk about, is that in order to have this ability for the block space to scale, but in a trust minimized way where it's still verifiable, you need to have a certain minimum number of light nodes that are sampling the data. If you don't have that minimum number of light nodes, the assumptions that allow you to call that block space trust minimized collapse, basically. And so the interesting thing is that when these networks get really, really big in the future, if you want to compete and have that much throughput, that much block space that you produce, but still have this very sturdy trust minimization like steel property, you are going to need to have a ton of light nodes out there in the world. And bootstrapping that, getting light nodes distributed, getting users and different people entities all around the world to run these light nodes is a fundamental thing that you can't just like snap your fingers and be like, okay, all of a sudden I have, you know, 10 million light nodes all over the world sampling my chain. So I think that's another really important part of this that like, you can't just replicate, you can't just fork, you know, Celestia or some other DA layer, just like you can't fork Ethereum. It's like, yeah, okay for Celestia and run in your basement, but no one get, no one cares. And it's not trust minimized because you don't have all these things that are fundamental to making that possible. And then I think the last one is just integrations. This is not necessarily at the protocol layer, but just, if you think about it, the modular stack, as much as we want things to be pluggable, the reality is I think we're still pretty far from that right now. To integrate different kinds of DA layers and different tools, the amount of tools and tooling and integrations you have with execution layers and shared sequencers and all those things is actually a very fundamental network effect of if I'm building a new modular component, where am I going to choose to build it on first? Or what is my priority going to be when I'm launching it? It's like, okay, well, I'm going to go to the DA layers that have the most users and other integrations as well, like Ethereum, everyone immediately, if you're building a modular thing and it doesn't touch Ethereum, then it's like, what are you doing? Yeah, exactly. It's like, well, who's really going? That's your main user base. Without an Ethereum integration, it's like, well, no one's really going to care. I think that there's a similar path here where there's ultimately going to be a limited number of DA networks that these builders are going to want to support and continuously battle, test and upgrade and maintain these integrations with. And so I think there's a consolidation also at that layer.
Speaker B: Okay, so I accidentally truncated this conversation and you brought us back to it, which is just like the network folks around the celestial ecosystem. But I also think that also bleeds back into the money conversation because like, what is money? Is this just like network? It's just network effects. It's just network effects. And so some of these network effects, many, many, many more light clients, I think are loosely affiliated with the moneyness of TIA, but affiliated nonetheless, which is just like there's some sort of security and money, or go hand in hand, like, you don't have money without security. And so many, many, many lite clients produces security for many, many more chains, which kind of just fosters some sort of like, emergent breeding ground for like, TIA as money. Like, no one can ever force money to become a thing. It's like kind of this bottom up adopted thing as a result of just like the correct context. And I think what you're saying is, just like when many roll ups use the same settlement DA layer, when many lite clients are securing all of these roll ups, all of a sudden, like, we are fostering a lot of the ingredients that one would require in order to like, allow for money to emerge. And I think the continuation of that is like, well, naturally TIa is the most logical thing to leverage as money inside of the modular role of ecosystem. Is that kind of the thought process?
Speaker A: Yeah, that is a good way to summarize it. And one thing I didn't mention is that there is actually a blocker to that future currently in the way that Celestia is designed. Because without execution or without settlement, I guess there is actually no way currently to bridge Tia in a trust minimized way to the roll ups on top of it. Currently. Now TIA is getting bridged there, but it's using IBC or hyperlane or these non trust minimized options. That sucks, because if you think about Ethereum, one of the great things for the ETH L two s is that they have a canonical bridge that is in theory as secure as Ethereum itself. So when you're bridging Ethereum up into those roll ups, it's like the purest that ETH is not compromised. It's almost as close to native ETH as you can get, basically unmeet. And that's a really. Yeah, exactly. Unme. That's a very good way to put it. Love that. And so Celestia right now does not have that ability. And that was, we chose that because we thought at the time we were like, we would rather. The only solution we could think of was basically to add execution to Celestia in order to do that. So you could have a smart contract that verifies the roll up, but that would add state and all these problems. So we were like, how can we do this? How can we add this functionality of being able to have a trust minimized bridge to roll ups without adding complexity on state and all the adding baggage and weight to the l one? And we came up, Mustafa wrote this forum post on the research forum, I don't know, maybe over a year ago, which is basically like, described this idea of having a snark account or a ZK account at the celestia base layer. And essentially what it is, is normally it's basically a stateless way of having a bridge to other roll ups and an execution minimized way of doing it, where normally an account on a chain, it has an address and a private key. And if you sign a message, if you have a signature, a valid signature of a certain transaction, if it matches that address, then the chain will execute that transaction, it'll consider it valid. Now, what you can do, and this is a vast oversimplification, by the way. I'm just trying to get the message across. A ZK account is essentially, instead of the public key, essentially you have a ZK program, like a commitment to a ZK program. And if you provided a valid proof rather than a valid signature that some execution happened on this ZK program, then it will carry out that transaction, which could be like moving Tia to another address. So all of a sudden with this thing, you can have an arbitrary sort of like, it's kind of like a, I wouldn't say enshrined ZK roll up, but it's sort of like you can have a ZK rollup that can settle to Ethereum, to Celestia, and that roll up can, can be like just use as a bridge, essentially, to get TIa up into that thing. But you can also interestingly likely build more interesting things like potentially restaking and stuff like that. And so this is something that we're still designing and specking out. People are interested. We have a working group. We have a very active CIP process, so celestial improvement proposals process where there's a lot of really giga brain people much smarter than me who are designing these kinds of systems. And I'm excited about that because I think that is the key to unlock this ability and in a way that stays aligned with Celestia's values of, we try to be minimal as possible and not burden the rest of the roll ups with all this state and execution.
Speaker B: Is this inside of blobspace, or is this making a new lane just to enable this one particular feature?
Speaker A: So Celestia is execution minimized, but it still has execution. We actually thought originally one of the designs was like, okay, actually we'll just have all the execution can be just a roll up on top of sliced. But turns out you do need minimal amount of state for proof of stake and all of that.
Speaker B: Kind of like beacon chain, right?
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. That's a very good analogy. So there is execution, but it's as minimal as possible. So basically all it is like staking related things and transferring tokens, and that's it. So this just adds one other feature to that state, very minimal state machine, which is like, hey, we can have these ZK accounts where you can verify ZK program on the base layer, and that can add all this rich functionality on top of it.
Speaker B: Okay, so this is kind of like Ethereum started out with a very, from the celestial perspective, like a heavyweight execution layer. And it's always been that way. That's what Ethereum does. The Ethereum layer one does execution. Recently in Ethereum land, we added 4844, which is a pretty lightweight data availability sidecar, whereas Celestia is like the heavyweight DA provider, like DA champion of the world, and now is adding a very lightweight execution module inside. I don't think you like the word enshrined, but kind of built into the celestial layer one itself in order to kind of converge back to the Ethereum model, which has execution on the layer one, and now is adding da, whereas Celestia is da, now is adding a light little execution module. I see, like a ton of convergence here.
Speaker A: I would agree. However, it's really important, right, that people get the message that Celestia is not trying to be a settlement layer. And so the difference, right, between having this ability to bridge and verify something on Celestia base layer and being a settlement layer is like there's no way to issue tokens on Celestia. There's not even a way to bridge tokens down. There's no way to represent other tokens on Celestia. So Celestia is not a liquidity, like a lot of settlement layers are. Like, okay, we'll verify your proofs and we'll have this pool of liquidity and users and whatever. And, you know, that's, that's one of the value propositions, and Celestia is not trying to do that. Celestia very, very distinctly does not want to ever be a settlement layer. We just want to be purely da. It's just we're adding this because we think it will be useful for the bridging part and potentially some other interesting things, but not for settlement. So I think that is sort of the difference. But you're right that there is a little bit of convergence. But Celestia, again, it's like, what's the minimum amount of things that we can do to provide the maximum amount of expressivity and functionality? And adding ZK things is one of those things that makes sense for us on the trade off. Interestingly, bitcoin, a lot of people want to do the same thing to bitcoin. And it's because that diagram of sophisticated, unsophisticated, both bitcoin and celestia have very unsophisticated block space. And in bitcoin, people want to build these l two s, but they have the same problem. There's no way to bridge the bitcoin up. So they want to add a Zk opcode. Obviously, that's going to take a lot longer to ship on bitcoin than on Celestia. But I think it's just a last point on the settlement thing. One of the reasons why Celestia doesn't want to do settlement is because we have this vision of scaling any ecosystem and being fully like the Switzerland of DA, essentially, and be very agnostic to any ecosystem. So obviously, most of the chains using celestial right now are ethereum l two s. But in the future, as there's more bitcoin l two s, we're going to provide Da to bitcoin l two s when there's. There's a lot of cosmos chains that are now thinking about using Celestia, and some of them are already using something called roll chains. So, like every ecosystem and now base and arbitrum, right, they're going to have their own l three ecosystems that can use celestia. So we're trying to be this underlying, very thin, minimal layer that encompasses as much and can service as much of the ecosystem as possible. And that's really. And as soon as you start to do settlement and try to, I feel like it compromises your ability to be that credibly neutral, just like maximally minimal settlement layer or, sorry, Da layer. So that's the difference. I think there's a lot of other DA. Like, for example, eigen Da is very ethereum centric. Right? So would a cosmos chain or bitcoin chain use it for Da? Is unclear. Or, like, ethereum, DA is all opinionated with this very heavy settlement execution layer attached to it. So would a bitcoin roll up use Ethereum for Da? Probably not because of. Because of all those things. So, like, that's. That's one of the core value props of, like, the reason why not to go to settlement, because so many people have been like, well, you guys should do settlement or whatever, and we're like, no, that's, like, very short sighted, in our opinion.
Speaker B: Just to be clear, this whole, like, zk thing that we were, the Celestia is like, trying to figure out how to add to the. To its chain. It is settlement not on the celestial layer one, but it is like, cross celestial roll up settlement. It's like a settlement module that is a service to other roll ups where that settlement doesn't happen on the layer one, but it does facilitate settlement as a module. Is that correct?
Speaker A: Yeah, facilitate settlement specifically for Celestia. The TIA token is specifically a module.
Speaker B: For the Tia token.
Speaker A: Well, you can control an account on Celestia that can transfer TIA or do different things with Tia, but it's not a settlement. Again, you can't take tokens from that roll up and then bridge them down to Celestia and then bridge them to another roll up, if that makes sense. And I think another part of this.
Speaker B: Specifically, the opinion here is it's elevating Tia, the token, as a first class citizen, already is a first class citizen, but it's really elevating Tia, the token, as a first class citizen of its roll up landscape.
Speaker A: Yes, exactly.
Speaker B: Yes. Okay.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Which is where we get to the whole meme of Tia's modular money, right?
Speaker A: Yes, that's part of it. Exactly. Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay. So, like, one thing that I'm, like, optimistic that Celestia brings to its own ecosystem, the cosmos ecosystem. I kind of, like, categorize celestia inside the cosmos, the cosmos ecosystem. The cosmos idea. Right. What is cosmos? It's this idea of, like, producing, like, super sovereign chains. That's a great notion about cosmos, but I've always thought it's going to be pretty constrained as an idea because cosmos, it's too goddamn. It's too much of an anarchy to really coordinate and scale, because all these chains are so maximally focused on sovereignty that they can't collectivize, they can't coordinate, they can't band together, because they're all so goddamn focused on sovereignty. And so Celestia seems to be, like, the minimum amount, the absolutely lightest amount of compromises on sovereignty, which do exist, although they're extremely minimal to allow for some sort of, like, um, like, shared coordination layer for this, like, cosmos idea, cosmos meme to proliferate, whereas, like, hey, guys, use the same layer for da, uh, maybe perhaps consider using Tia as money. But Tia is this one platform inside of the cosmos ecosystem that I actually see becoming a shared resource by all these independent cosmos chains that actually produces some sort of coordination in these chains, which I've always considered the cosmos world to have lacked.
Speaker A: Great way to put it. I would say Celestia shares a lot of philosophical roots with cosmos. It also, frankly, is built. The base chain is built with tendermint, or now comet, VFT, and the Cosmos SDK. So there's this deep root in cosmos. But I think Celestia's vision and value prop is quite different. So Celestia is definitely part of the cosmos community, but I think it's something to its own, in a sense. And I think of Celestia as the perfect middle ground or marriage of Ethereum and cosmos. That's the way that I think about it. I see that because it's exactly what you said, which is we do believe in the idea of app chains and sovereign chains. I think Ethereum is now also moving more towards the direction of app chains, app chains, and sovereign chains. But we also believe in shared security and coordination. Some of the things that Ethereum provides is things which the cosmos ecosystem, as it currently is, does not have. And so Celestia's role is, like you said, to be this minimal coordination layer and sort of shared security layer for whatever kind of role you want to build, whether that's sovereign or settled. And ultimately, we're unopinionated. Yes. I frankly believe that in the long term, just technically, more and more chains will be sovereign, because I think. I believe that settlement and settlement layers will become less and less important as chains get more and more abstracted. Actually, my view is that in the long term, execution becomes commoditized, because if you like, I'm running my application on your roll up or on your shared layer. All of a sudden, when roll ups are a thing and bridging becomes trivially easy, it's just like, oh, as soon as I want to, whenever I want to, I'm going to just spin up my own execution layer and migrate there. And there's very little cost or downside to doing that. And so all of a sudden it's like, it doesn't matter. But Barry from Skip, which is a cosmos oriented interop chain abstraction project, said this the other day, which I thought was like, just really expresses as well. It's like in the long term, it's going to matter less where you build compared to what you build. And we're in this world where the first thing you ask someone when they're like, say, I'm building an app, it's like, oh, well, where are you building it? Are you building on Solana? Are you building on Ethereum? Are you building it? Blah, blah, blah.
Speaker B: And VC's will make venture judgments based on your answer to that.
Speaker A: Exactly. And I think maybe there will still be a component of that of like, which da, like, trust zone are you building on? Right. Because there is actually a reality of, like, in the future that is a hard boundary that is just set by the technology. That will still matter. But in terms of, like, are you building on like, x evm chain within this trust zone or y chain over here? Won't matter. It's like wherever you're building, it's all part of it. Like, you could, you could just, like, it matters more what you build. It's like, well, what are you building? Because you will have access to all that liquidity in users, and the flow of that will be so much more seamless and liquid essentially in the long term future. And that's why sovereignty, settling and being rooted in some other chain is going to be less important because roll ups will be able to stand on their own 2ft, basically, and be sovereign.
Speaker B: Nick, this is really great. I really love this construction, mainly because I think it's extremely parallel to Ethereum with just like, very small divergences. I really think the difference between, like, the Ethereum landscape and like, what Celestia is building towards is really defined by, like, this very marginal difference of like, how sovereign are your roll ups. Whereas, like, Ethereum's roll ups are very sovereign, right? Like you can pick your virtual machine, you can pick your block space, you can build an app chain, you can, like, make something brand new. Like you have a lot of freedom in the Ethereum roll up centric roadmap here, but it just makes one more opinion about, well, you use the Ethereum virtual machine on the layer one for settlement, which is an opinion that Celestia does not have. And making Celestia roll ups, I will call it marginally more sovereign because Ethereum's roll ups, like I said, are already very sovereign. But Celestia is like, well, no, no, no, a little bit more literally up to the theoretical maximum of sovereignty while still preserving this base layer of shared resource, shared interoperability, which is like this celestial platform. So, like, I actually think there's a really, in the, in the end game for both ecosystems, there's actually like a pretty marginal difference as to, like, what each one is building for. And it really comes down to, like, how sovereign are each other's respective roll ups. Do you agree with that?
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that has an element of truth to it. And I think that, you know, obviously if you were Ethereum, right, and you had all this rich state and all this stuff, that approach makes total sense. And I think the difference is that's just starting from scratch. And so we have the ability to basically, well, first of all, actually, we had this disadvantage, or rather not the privilege. We're not in the privileged place of Ethereum, which has all that state and users and things like that, but it's also a superpower in that if you start over from scratch, it's like, well, and you were really building for the long term, long, long, long term endgame, right? How would you design a blockchain? And zucky, apparently I heard him say that when he read the lazy ledger white paper and heard about the project, which that used to be what celestial was called, he was like, oh, you guys are building the last blockchain. That was sort of the phrasing he used. And that was also my feeling when I read the paper in 2020 was like, holy crap, this is so forward thinking. And like, I feel like if you play out the various ways that blockchains evolve, this optimizes for the end state the most of any design that I've seen. Now, to be clear, that could be wrong. We could be wrong about a lot of different assumptions we make. In fact, we're guaranteed to be wrong about some things. Ultimately, there's going to be always different trade offs. And this also comes back to build whatever is that Ethereum makes different trade offs. And that's a good thing because what we want is more optionality for builders. So building on Ethereum right now is actually very appealing and great, and it will probably continue to be despite this trade off of. Well, Celestia is very minimal with no settlement. And Ethereum, it does have settlement. It has state, has execution. It's not necessary build whatever is. There's no optimal point. It's all like a trade off curve. Celestia is optimizing for a certain thing. Ethereum optimizes for a different thing. And again, also to tie back. That's why they're not commodities, because they're just going to be very different. It's like Ethereum block space is going to be different than celestial block space because they make different choices. They're optimized for different things. That's great. Yeah, I think that Celestia just has a different philosophy and that results in different design.
Speaker B: Well, Nick, this has been fantastic. This is exactly the episode that I wanted to record. So thank you for coming on and sharing the perspective on Celestia, and I wish you the best, my man. This is really cool.
Speaker A: Thank you, David. Yeah, I'm just all fired up now. This is awesome. You asked the best questions. You have great analogies. I kept finding myself being like, oh, damn, that's a really good way to explain it. So thanks for having me.
Speaker B: Hey, that's what we do here on bankless. We are people who do analogies. It's kind of like our one thing.
Speaker A: Awesome.
Speaker B: My man, bankless nation. You guys know the deal. Crypto is risky. You can lose what you put in. But we're headed west. This is the frontier. It's not for everyone. But we are glad you are with us on the bankless journey. Thanks a lot.
