Speaker A: There is a high correlation between how distracted funders can get within the space where you can get a lot of those advisory deals or investments, etcetera. And so, together, as co founders of Morpho, we signed an agreement which essentially prevents us from advising and investing in any other project at this stage. We're currently married to Morpho, so we're not allowed to work.
Speaker B: You've never heard of anyone doing that before? That is insane.
Speaker A: The level of focus we're was more full just lending and wow.
Speaker B: Welcome to Bankless, where we explore the frontier of money markets and modular DeFi applications on Ethereum today on the show, I have Dan Elitzer GP at nascent VC stepping in as a co host for this episode, as we both host Paul from Bro from Morpho on the podcast today. Morpho is a newer borrowing lending application on Ethereum, competing with a gargantuan incumbent that you're probably familiar with, Aave and compound. Dan and his VC firm Nascent are particularly focused on both new, innovative defi primitives and security. How do we make more capitally efficient defi apps, and how do we make sure that they don't get hacked? Morpho is at the intersection of both of these things, and a recent tweet thread from Dan sparked my interest in Morpho, who is going after one of the hardest to disrupt sectors in defi money markets. As a disclaimer, nascent is an investor in Morpho, which is why Dan knows so much about Morpho and the design space, and why he's particularly useful as my co host on today's episode. To me, Morpho is interesting not just because it's going after such a large market, but it's also its architecture design that matches a particular pattern that we're seeing emerge across the industry. Uniswap, for example, went from a monolithic to modular design architecture when it went from Uniswap v. Three to Uniswap v four. Makerdao is doing the same with its subdao architecture and sparks as its own lending module for Dai. The whole entire frax ecosystem is chuckling since they did all of this modularity years ago and have already evolved into the Frax chain. And the concept of a Morpho native app chain was also discussed in this episode. In addition to specifically focusing on Morpho this episode there's also an overarching theme of the modular application layer evolving inside of Defi, and we use Morpho as a case study to explore this rabbit hole of app design. So let's go ahead and get right into understanding Morpho with Dan Elitzer from Nason and Paul Frambo, founder of Morpho. But first, a moment to talk about some of these fantastic sponsors that make this show possible. Bankless nation. I'm excited to introduce you to my technical co host for this podcast episode, Dan Elizar, the GP of nascent. We've had Dan on a number of times in the past. Dan has made some pretty remarkable calls, uh, not many calls throughout his life, but when he does make a call, a prediction about the future, it tends to be pretty damn accurate, I believe. I remember Dan writing about the future of staked Eth tokens in 2019, before Lido even existed, just conceptually, uh, saw that coming, uh, in 2020, wrote about yield farming, uh, right before Defi summer. Uh, so whenever Dan makes a prediction, I always, uh, perk up. We are going to hear about one of Dan's incoming predictions for a theme about Defi here on this episode. Dan, it's good to have you back.
Speaker C: Thanks for having me, David.
Speaker B: Then also with Dan, we have Paul Franbeau, the co founder and CEO of Morpho, which is going to be one of the main subjects of this episode today. Paul, welcome to the show for the first time.
Speaker A: Hey, David, thanks for having me today.
Speaker B: Okay, so, Dan, you're going to step in as my technical co host. I'm going to do a little bit of the handholding to make sure that we set the foundations, the 101s or 201s, for the episode. But then slowly, I'm going to seed power and reigns over to you. First, I want to just ask you some, like, high level questions. Um, what should listeners be paying attention to as we go throughout this episode? What are your goals for the episode and overall, like, what inspires you about this particular content matter? Uh, specifically?
Speaker C: Sure. Uh, I. I've always been a big fan of DeFi, and what we're going to be doing in this episode is really talking about the evolution of DeFi, where it started, what some of the early attempts may have been like, and then what it was that really allowed DeFi to start taking off for the first time with DeFi 1.0, and then how that's evolved and how we've added complexity and added features, and what are the new things that are happening in DeFi today that are really going to allow DeFi, I think, to scale and achieve the vision of allowing anybody anywhere to access or create any imaginable financial product or service.
Speaker B: Beautiful. So let's go ahead and get right into the core subject matter because we are talking about money markets lending. The DeFi money market sector is one of the most mature in DeFi. Like, currently there's $11 billion in Aave. There has been for a long time. Aave is the dominant money market in DeFi before Aave, like compound was, was the dominant one. And these two monoliths are both like behemoths in their own respect. Aave specifically has like built this entire economy and ecosystem around it, and it seems like sufficiently well entrenched that its own network effects more or less kind of protect it. And so the money market sector in DeFi is like, not for the faint hearted to try and tackle, let al, let alone disrupt. Uh, money markets are subject to exploits, to oracle attacks, to governance attacks, market manipulation. The risks around building money markets scare away, like, even the most daring of founders. Yet out of the corner of DeFi comes this project called Morpho, which recently. Congrats, Paul, passed $2 billion in assets compared to Aaves eleven. So really starting to show up on the scene here, uh, and specifically just after passing $1 billion last November. So something is perhaps stirring in the world of money markets and I want to know what's up. So Paul Morpho is still a long way off from dethroning AAVE as the number one lending application in Defi. But nonetheless, the growth of Morpho is impressive and on a pretty strong trajectory. I think we're going to back up after I asked this question and start at the beginning of Defi to end up once again back at Morpho. But I really want to give you the opportunity just to summarize the reason behind Morphos success, like what credit would you give to the rise of Morpho's TVL? Why is Morpho working?
Speaker A: The initial product of Morpho essentially was built on top of AAVE and compound itself. And it was thought as a product that was strictly improving the interest rates of AAVE and compound whilst preserving the same liquidity and the same risk parameters. And so it was very natural for us to be introduced to lenders and borrowers because we're providing this rate optimization algorithms that essentially improve the user experience of AAVE users and compound users. And this is how we went to market initially with Morpho, with this protocol called Morpho Optimizer that now has over $2 billion in deposits. And from there we learned a lot of building on top of lending and borrowing protocols were probably the largest lending and borrowing protocol users ourselves with Morpho optimizer, this first product, and this is how we learned. And that guided the second product that was released a few weeks ago, which is Morpho Blue, which is thought more as a lending infrastructure rather than a lending product. But we'll have the chance to discuss this later today.
Speaker B: Okay, so the first product to Morpho optimizer, maybe to articulate how it works, is there is a gap. There's a spread between AAVE and compound rates. And Morpho optimizer, just like, takes advantage of that margin. There's a margin there. The optimizer takes advantage of that. It produces better efficiency for its depositors, and it arbs the gap between the interest rates, between these two ecosystems. And so it kind of started off as a, I'm going to invoke layer two, a layer two around the application so that we're not talking about like Ethereum blockchain layer twos. We're talking about like an application that sits on top of AAVE and compound, and it optimizes between these two things. And so that's kind of where it started off. Dan, you want to say something?
Speaker C: Yeah. It's actually, to be very specific, though, it doesn't optimize. Like if the rate is higher on AAVE and lower on compound. Morpho optimizer isn't about arbitraging between those rates. It's about the spread inherent in these pooled lending models, where there's more people who've deposited, looking to lend out their asset than have borrowed from that. And so the interest being paid by a borrower, if a borrower is borrowing $1 and there's $3 that was deposited into the pool, then they're paying that across all $3. The interest from being paid on $1 is paid to $3 of lenders. That inherently creates a spread in the borrow rate and the lender rate. What Morpho optimizer does is finds the midpoint between those rates and matches borrowers and lenders at that rate.
Speaker B: Beautiful. Okay. I really want to put a pin on the fact that this is a layer two application on top of layer one. Applications being the monoliths that are compound and AAVE and Dan. This is where I want to back up to the beginning of DeFi and really set the foundations for progressing through this conversation. Compound and AAVE were, call it like, defi 1.0, defi 1.0 breakthroughs. We had tried money like lending in Ethereum before compound and AAVE, but no one really remembers those names, because none of them worked until compound and AAVE worked. Maybe you can talk about the lessons that we learned back in this history of DeFi. One point, like, why did, why did compound and AAVE work where many others had failed before them? Like, what made them? What about them made them work?
Speaker C: Yeah, compound and AAve worked for some of the same reasons that Uniswap worked. It was this evolution from trying to recreate order books on chain to saying, rather than trying to match up people in a peer to peer way when there are so few users. It made a lot more sense to aggregate that liquidity and do this peer to contract model or peer to pool model, the same way we've gotten used to uniswap. X times y equals k. We're instead looking at what can we do on the lending side. The idea was, rather than say, I have eth, I want to borrow a stablecoin, and I'm going to put up eth and say, hey, this is the ratio I want, this is the duration I want, somebody come lend to me. We had maker initially doing that with DAi as a stable coin, and that was fine, but it was a stable coin, it was new, it was different. People were still figuring it out. Compound came along and created these money markets where you could post any, I think it was originally around five different assets, and then you could post over collateralized loan in any of these assets, borrow any of the other assets. And that was a real breakthrough because it was a place to both earn interest, earn yield on your idle assets, and also be able to easily access borrowing. And it really worked because there was also that constant liquidity. And so that trade off that we talked about before, where the borrowers are paying more than the lenders are receiving. That's not just because there was some kind of fee or spread in there, it was just inherent in the model as it was built. But the benefit of that was ease of use and not guarantees, but much, much higher assurances of liquidity in a short timeframe, should lenders want to recall the capital that they had supplied into the protocol. And so this was not maybe the most efficient in every ways, right, because you are making sure to maintain that buffer. But the flexibility, the ease of use was what really allowed these protocols to take off. And after compounds initial success in there, Aave, which was originally ethlend, also adopted a very similar model, and they've grown by leaps and bounds, continuing to be, I think, more aggressive in their asset listing in terms of inclusion in these pools. And adding additional features. And that's why they've grown to be the size that they are today.
Speaker B: Correct me if I'm wrong, but I think Etheland had this prior model that Dharma also had that we're really getting into some defi history here, which is it matched in an order book style fashion. It matched borrowers and lenders on a one off basis. And so it was basically a matchmaker protocol. And then you and your match, whether you're the borrower and you get matched with a lender or vice versa, then you guys would go off and make your own private agreement, and then money could change hands that way. And that never took off. And what you're saying is like, well, the reason why AavE compound did work off is because these put really the autonomous into these systems where there was a central pool of liquidity and there was a global market rate, and that made matchmaking much more efficient. It was at demand of the users of both sides of the market could instantly get what they wanted out of the protocol, rather than having to wait for a counterparty. And so really there was a central operator called a smart contract that matched both sides, both the demand side and the supply side. And this was far more efficient than the previous model, which was like two people getting matched and going off separately. And the arc of DeFi has always been one towards efficiency. And this was a massive step in improved efficiency, but this was DeFi 1.0. And so now some of these efficiencies are still now being discovered to be costs. So maybe we can talk about the inefficiencies and the risks that came out in this DeFi 1.0 lending model, because DeFi 1.0 is now old. And so what was efficiency breakthroughs are now like efficiency frictions. So, Dan, maybe you can also go through some of the constraints and the risks specifically that have been discovered to be had in this DeFi 1.0 lending model.
Speaker C: Yeah, the big thing has been around asset listing. We've seen this as an investor in the space. We'll often have portfolio companies that we're working with that are saying, okay, our token's out there. We want to get it. Whether it's some kind of stable coin or stablecoin like product or it's some kind of governance token, people want to get it available as collateral on compound and aave. And then there's this big governance process to go through to say, is this appropriate to add to the pool? Is the risk worth taking on? How much demand is there going to be do we think there's going to be to make it worth these risks? What should the max loan value allowed on this asset be? Which Oracle should we use to integrate to add this new one? There's just so much that goes into it, and then you're constantly reassessing, subject to governance, where should the right loan to value ratio be? How do we look at other lending protocols and what are they offering on this asset? How do we need to be competitive with them? And that causes you often to move further and further out the risk curve. In the good times, especially, and then in the bad times, everyone's trying to contract and clamp down as quickly as possible. And it's all being done in this honestly pretty messy way that subjects everybody to the same levels of risk. And I think that the idea that somebody with kind of institutional capital and deploying at scale is going to have the same requirements and trade offs in terms of risk and reward, versus a retail user coming in wanting to deposit a few hundred or a few thousand dollars just isn't the way forward. We really need people to be able to pick and choose where they want to sit on the risk spectrum by something other than do I use this protocol or not? Or how much leverage do I take on within this protocol or not. There needs to be a lot more, I think, discrete controls and options available, especially in ways that don't cause massive friction or decay in the UX associated with using this infrastructure, in these protocols.
Speaker B: Right. So with the efficiency breakthrough that was the centralized liquidity model of AAVE and compound, we also have like centralized risk scaling. And so if we ever add. So AAVE started off with ETH wrapped bitcoin, maybe a few other tokens, I can't remember, but really just blue chip, super secure, super liquid tokens. But what you're saying is in order to grow the protocol, in order to grow in profitability, grow in fees, grow in users, we need to add more tokens. And maybe at the very beginning that was pretty fine, because there was still a good selection of blue chip assets to use as collateral. I think maybe MKR came pretty soon one of the largest Lindy tokens in DeFi. But really you approach some frontier of risk that is acceptable for something like AAVE or compound. And because when you integrate a new token, who can borrow eth, which can be collateral to borrow eth or stables from AAVE, you are exposing the tokens risks to all the entire pool. And so if there is like an inflation bug mint in a particular token, that particular token can drain the entire AAVE contract because it's one single centralized source of liquidity. And this is just the risks of that one particular token contract. There's also oracle risks. Basically, any sort of risk that is applied is a risk to the entire TVL that's supplied inside of this monolith style of lending applications. Is this another way to articulate this?
Speaker C: Yeah, I think that's a great way to articulate it. And what I would add is that there are things that these protocols do in terms of capping borrower amounts and, and setting different things there. So there are ways to address this to some degree, but it is still just a much bigger consideration when you're exposing a new asset or new parameter shifts to everybody in the protocol unilaterally. And I don't know that governance on behalf of all current users and potential future users is the right way to make a lot of those decisions.
Speaker B: Yeah, you said there's a cap way to constrain these risks. Well, that's the frontier that I was talking about, the efficiency frontier. Whereas the protocol could in theory be more profitable if it didn't have to constrain the risks. But it does have to constrain the risk, because there's a trade off here.
Speaker C: And we've seen this happen time and again with exploits both big and small on these lending protocols. There was the infamous mango markets attack, which involves manipulation of the oracle price around pretty illiquid. Longer tail asset. The funny thing is, yes, mango markets was the one exploited there. The same vulnerability was present in both compound and aave at the time. And actually I know a couple of folks who had reported to those Daos and tried to claim a bounty for reporting this type of exploit being possible with longer tail assets. And they were basically told, we don't really think that this is realistic, we don't consider this a vulnerability. The mango markets happen and they both very quickly moved to adjust their risk parameters because they realized, yeah, this is realistic from their perspective. It may have been totally reasonable at the time to say, yeah, we don't think this is a meaningful risk. But there was no subset of their users who could opt themselves out of exposure to the longer tail assets and just access liquidity on the more core assets like ETH and WBTC. And so I think the, the weaknesses have been shown in the tens and hundreds of millions of dollars in terms of what can be exploited from these protocols based on either bugs in the code or misparameterization misassessments on some of the risk pieces. And so that's why I think we need to look at what's next, what can be done other than just doing a monolithic product that opts everybody into the same terms.
Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. I really like that you invoked that word monolithic because there are some patterns here that I want to put in listeners brains. Before Paul brings us into the world of modular lending, I really want to define monolithic lending, which is what we're talking about with this one size fits all. Put every single feature into the monolith that we need. Try to optimize the monolith, but it's still a monolith at the end of the day. Aave compound. These are swiss army knives for lending markets, where if we discover a new tool that's pretty cool, let's put it into the swiss army knife. But at some point, your swiss army knife just becomes so big and hairy and just a large tool that the whole thing just looks crazy. It looks like a mess. And like we said, there's a constraint onto really how much TVL this thing can really attract, because a swiss army knife can be optimized for many, many things. But really, there's. If you want a really, really good knife, you don't use a swiss army knife, you use something else. And these patterns and metaphors have been ascribed to talk about layer ones. Now we're using them to describe them, to talk about Ethereum applications, defi applications, maybe. Paul, now it's time to turn to you and talk about how Morpho is different. We talked about the way that Morpho innovated into the space with the morpho optimizer. I called it a layer two application on top of the layer ones monoliths that are compound and aave. Once again, just speedrun us through that, the optimizer, and then we'll get into morpho blue.
Speaker A: So morph optimizer was imagined as a peer to peer layer on top of monolithic lending pools. So we were talking about Dharma and Eastland. Essentially, it's taking the peer to peer efficiency, but combining it with the ease of use and the liquidity of lending and borrowing platforms like AAVE. So the idea is that we would match morph optimizer is matching lenders and borrowers of compound with a counterparty. But whenever there is no counterparty, well, the fallback is aave. So the worst case scenario for a morph optimizer user is actually aave itself. Right. And essentially building for two years on top of ave and compound. We kind of live through all the limits that you guys just described, the most important of those being the risk, right? Like, you know, we've gone through all those war rooms of like, you know, either the economic attacks that were mentioned, but also a smart contract, right? Because we, because we want to have all those features enshrined in one monolith. Well, that implies a lot of lines of code, right? And well, at some point, you know, you have some critical bugs that are reported either on immunify or bilateral. And as protocols built on top of those monoliths, well, you suffer from this because you have to maybe yourself going to upgrade because Aave has to perform an upgrade. We thought of morph optimizer as a great protocol. It has grown a lot over the last two years, but definitely not scalable, at least in the way we wanted it to be. This is why we decided to make the move from Aave to Morphoblue. I guess the biggest learning from this experience is that we think more of those monolithic platforms as funds rather than actual protocols in the sense that those are large pools of capital that are managed, but they're not predictable in the same way uniswap is. For example, building on top of uniswap, you can build maybe a protocol that's immutable itself. Building on top of AavE, you have to be reactive, you have to read the forums, you have to check the playload in the upgrade pattern, you have to make sure the protocol is not posed, et cetera. So it's more of building on top of an API rather than building on top of an immutable core protocol. This gave us ideas into how should we build true lending and borrowing infrastructure, on top of which reliable layer twos can be built themselves and can grow actual businesses.
Speaker B: Okay, so Morpho optimizer being the layer two, Morpho Blue is kind of like, well, I would like an alternative layer one to settle on. And so Morpho Blue is like this new lending primitive that Morpho optimizer is also a layer two for. But now this primitive is looking different. Can you kind of just illustrate us like, what does this new primitive look like?
Speaker A: Yes, and I would even call it a layer zero in the sense that Morphoblue is essentially focused at lending and borrowing and just this. And it unbundles completely the risk management part and the UX part. On morpho blues, there is not even the concept of management or risk management. It's just 600 lines of code of lending and borrowing one collateral and one loan assets. So it's much more like uniswap than it is to aave applied to lending and borrowing. So one more for blue pool is maybe east collateral USDC loan assets with one specific risk. And Oracle, that's just it, right? The upside of this approach is that we get rid of all the complexity and all the risk and we can focus at doing one thing and do it in the most efficient way possible. The downside is that it's not a product. Right. As a lender, you have to go to morphoblue and choose your pool, right? On Aave, it's all managed. You deposit. There is one option for all the USDC lenders in the world. On morpho blue you have n different options. Should I be lending to the pool backed by BtC or should I be lending to the pullback by ETH? And this is where more for blue is not a great product in itself and is going to require layers of abstraction, layers of risk management being built on top. Essentially rebuilding the unchained fund approach that AavE has is providing all this passive user experience and risk abstracted experience. Well, it's going to be rebuilt on top of morpho Blue, but it's not in the core of the protocol.
Speaker C: And Paul, can you explain to us exactly what parameters go into a morpho blue pool? There's a small number of them, but what are they?
Speaker A: Right, so when creating a morpho blue pool, you have to select the collateral assets, the loan assets, the liquidation LTV and the oracle. There is also an interest rate model, but that's, you know, waitlisted by governance. So those are the main parameters that you have to go through, similar to when you list a pool. On Uniswap, you have to select two tokens and a fee tier. On uniswap b three. And here you would select a liquidation LTV tier, essentially. So that's the only thing you need. And when it's deployed, you can't change anything that's completely immutable, set in stone forever.
Speaker B: And so we're actually kind of invoking some part of the prior version of DeFi lending before AAVE and compound, which was the ETH, lend and Dharma models. Wherever we actually have specific one off implementations rather than a centralized liquidity model, we have one off implementations of pools. There are still pools, and so multiple users can deposit into pools. So it's not perfectly like one to one borrower lender being matched. There's still centralized liquidity, but there's also fragmented liquidity in that there are multiple pools. And I think maybe just the way that this works is the market will determine what kind of pools are useful while also still creating different pools based off of different needs. So it's a little bit of a hybrid between the AAVE compound centralized liquidity model and the earlier implementations of one off agreements. It's like a little bit of a middle ground between these two things, correct?
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. Morphoblue at its core is completely permissionless. So anyone is free to spin off their own lending and borrowing pools, and then the free market will decide eventually which pool are too risky because they have a to high liquidation loan to value, for example, or that just do not have sufficient utility, et cetera. And so that enables the protocol to capture every single new market that Dan was referring to. All those projects that real world assets, liquid staking and restaking tokens, for example, but also very blue chip crypto assets, like the short tail of the market, everything can be deployed, and then the markets allocates liquidity where it makes sense to allocate liquidity. Right?
Speaker B: So Dan, question to you, like, we have like the one size fits all model from AaVE, and AavE can change what that size is via governance, right? We can change the collateral types, we can change the risk parameters, we can change the Oracles via governance. And then in this model, in the Morpho blue model, where there is no governance, if you want something different, you just spin up a new pool. This is like governance via the market. The market will actually determine the construction of the pools and also the TVL of the pools and the risk parameters of the pool. So we're actually taking away governance power and we're giving it towards expressiveness. In the morpho blue pools that are created, is this kind of how you see it? And like, what are the benefits of that?
Speaker C: Yeah, I think, you know, in some ways it ends up being similar to the transition from Uniswap v. Two to Uniswap v. Three. Right. In that it's still at the core, you can do the same things, but for those who want it, there's additional complexity available and additional discretion. And then you get to decide as a user the same way in Uni v. Three, do I want to go in directly and select a range that I want to supply liquidity into? Do I want to just fall back to the full range supplying of liquidity? Or do I want to choose an lp manager that will automate moving that range for me? And I have to put some additional trust and stuff into them as well. Similarly, in Morfo with Morpho Blue, you can either go directly into the pool yourself if you have very strong opinions and the ability to manage it and select your own risk and do that, or you can still choose to delegate to any number of other parties who will help make that decision for you. And Paul and his team have developed a companion protocol to go along with Morphoblue that is being used for that. So maybe, Paul, this might be a good time for you to talk a little bit about Metamorpho and how that ties in with morphoblue.
Speaker A: Right, so Morphoblue is the first step that essentially creates the core lending engine. But as we described, now lenders and borrowers are left with their risk management decision, right? So as a lender, I have to select which risk I'm opting into, which most lenders, frankly, don't want to go through. Right. And this is why compound and rv are such great models, is that they're super passive. Aave have their risk managers that are consultants for the Aave Dao that are going to set all the different risk parameters that we mentioned. So like the oracles, the caps, the liquidation ltvs, and they're paying chaos labs, for example, which is a company that is going to advise for changes to those parameters. And this is what provides the very passive user experience for lenders in morphoblue. This is not set through governance, this is set through the market. And so we are seeing some players, essentially risk experts, that are building vaults on top of morphoblue, which are super passive vaults, the exact same way you would have Aave where you can deposit USDC, and theyre going to do the risk management for you. Theyre going to select those oracles, those risk parameters, by depositing the capital in the relevant market into the market. That makes sense. There is this new class of players that are running what we call metamorpho vaults, essentially passive vaults of liquidity that are very similar to Aave but rebuilt on top of morpho blue. The general idea is that we're rebuilding the AavE risk profile, the compound risk profile, the spark risk profile, on top of one trust less and efficient core, which is Morpho blue. So those could be block Analytica, like the risk team of maker or gauntlet formerly like the risk team of Aave that now left Aave to build on top of morphoblue, but also entire daos, like very recently, Spark and Maker. Actually two days ago, announced that they were building on top of Morpho Blue, like the next iterations of their spark lending markets, where they're basically depositing dai into their own vault. The sparkdao is going to manage the vault. Essentially.
Speaker B: One theme that I am seeing emerges across the crypto space is this trade off between sovereignty and fragmentation, or sovereignty and composability. At the very bottom of this Morpho stack, we have morpho blue, which is fragmentation, also known as sovereignty, where each one of these pools gets to choose exactly what is best fit for them. And now the problem, if we're talking about the ethereum roll up centric roadmap design, is, well, we have the fragmentation, we have the sovereignty. Now can we get the composability? Can we get the centralization of liquidity? Can we get the abstraction? And so metamorpho is the abstraction layer on top of morpho blue that, from the end user, makes it perceived to be something like AAVE or compound, which is just this stupid, simple lending application, deposit your eth, borrow, whatever. While there is underlying mechanics that allows for the sovereignty of morpho blue pools, but the composability and unfragmentation of these pools at this metamorpho layer, is this a way to illustrate the stack?
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. Metamorpho is here to re aggregate liquidity in the same way, avenue compound woods, and provide this passive, risk managed experience. Essentially, that's the product. Right? And morphoblue is the core protocol, the core infrastructure, on top of which specialized risk profile, specialized on chain financial products, can be built through Metamorphovolt. And that's really how we unbundled and decoupled lending and borrowing, the lending and borrowing engine at the bottom, and the risk management layer on top, providing those passive experiences.
Speaker B: Dan, can you go into this, like, risk management layer that Paul was talking about? Like, I think everyone's pretty familiar who's paying attention to the defi lending space of this, like, tenuous relationship between Ave and gauntlet. Can you talk about how that relationship changes? And, like, what is, what is this? Like, this middleware mis management layer that's between metamorphos. Metamorphosis. Sorry, what is it, Paul? Metamorphosis, metamorphal vault, metamorpho vaults. Yeah. And then the Metamorpho blue.
Speaker C: Yeah. So, I mean, if you look at historically, Gauntlet has been a consulting firm, a very, very good kind of, like, risk consulting firm, and kind of economic analysis. And I think they first got on people's radar back when they started being one of the early governance participants for compound and helping to make recommendations there. As the space started to mature and we started seeing more of this decentralized governance happen, they started going to AAVE and any number of other lending protocols and various types of protocols that needed parameterization via governance, and saying, hey, we are the smartest guys in the room. Pay us a fee and we will make recommendations over the next year or whatever. And those are typically just flat fees. Millions of dollars a year, but capped as a typical consulting arrangement would be, there are billions and billions of dollars in these lending protocols today that are effectively managed by compound and similar risk advisory agencies. What metamorpho does is say, well, okay, if these guys are actually doing the hard work, the main thing is there's always a connection between risk and reward in efficient markets. There should be a connection between and the risk you're taking, the rewards that you can get. And due to the, I would say, idiosyncrasies and difficulties within daos, it's very hard to make that direct connection because you're always quibbling over, well, how much of the TVL, how much of the interest earned is due to changes recommended by Gauntlet or one of these other parties, how much is due to the marketing and protocol upgrades and these other things. And now what metamorpho vaults do is it allows these risk managers to directly manage risk. And if you trust Gauntlet, or you trust B protocol and block Analytica or res seven or any of these other guys, you can deposit as a lender directly into their metamorpho vaults and know that you are being exposed to the risk that they say they are exposing you to in this vault. So it does give you that kind of easy mode to just deposit in and delegate those risk decisions to somebody else, but then it's just them. You're not also additionally subject to governance by a broader Dao, an introduction of additional assets by other parties that this risk manager may not have been able to properly advise on. It all just gets concentrated at that player.
Speaker B: And so this gives the risk managers like a way to express themselves on chain, rather than being off chain third parties that, that propose inputs. This allows these risk managers to go straight to the chain themselves, put their, put their opinions in on chain, have people ascribe to or not subscribe to their opinions about risk, and then actually get paid some sort of service fee as a result, as a protocol, not like a third party advisor, correct?
Speaker C: Yeah. And Paul, can you describe how that works for them in terms of incentive alignment.
Speaker A: So essentially, in the AavE model, you have hundreds and hundreds of risk parameters that need to be set. And this is a decision of the token holders. And obviously, token orders are not qualified, right, to determine if the LLTV of Ste San polygon should be 86 or 87% right. So they contract with the risk managers like chaos and gauntlets, and this is where they come in with propositions. In a daily or weekly basis, they come up with updates of 50 different risk parameters. But in this model, we can clearly see that incentives are not properly aligned. First, because none of the algorithms used to propose risk parameters are open sourced today, all the different risk parameters that are set in the avid platform today are not open source. And for us, as a builder on top of avid has been a problem in the past, because we could not make for rezoning completely behind why certain parameters were decided. The reason why it's not open source is because they have this consultancy fee model, where if, for example, chaos or Gauntlet were to open source their model, where they would not be able to charge a fee anymore, simply because the DAO could use the algorithms on their own. And so this is how the model has been working so far in the morphoblue model. This is an open marketplace. This is a free market for risk managers. Anyone can spin off their Metamorpho vault and decide to do risk management the way they like, whether it is completely closed source and super centralized, or completely open source and completely decentralized as well. What we're witnessing right now of all the different Metamorpho vaults that we have is that, for example, I think block Analytica and Risdao are outgoing. The fully automated and open source way, which acts as a new value proposition for users. As an end user, I'm going to deposit into the block Analytica vault because I know it's fully open source and fully automated in a way that I could not get elsewhere. I don't have the same guarantees in any other landing platforms, but you also have curve and maker building their vaults with the same governance mechanisms that they used to have in their lending platforms. So I would say that the big advantage of Metamorpho on this front is really to opening the market for risk management. And from this will emerge the best practices and what the market truly wants. It won't lock users into a one size fits all risk model, which one specific business model approach.
Speaker B: I want to summarize the structure that I'm seeing here. And then, Dan, I'm going to hand it off to you to get into the really technical, nitty gritty questions that I don't know how to ask. Starting at the very base, we have this older, one sized monolithic model that is aAve compound, where one governance decision impacts every single collateral and every single borrowing asset inside of AAVE. And then we're moving towards this more siloed pools model, which is morpho blue, where there are four different inputs into spinning up a pool, the lending asset, the borrowing asset, the oracle, and then the fee structure. And those are the only inputs. And this goes from having one universal, one size fits all to sizes small through XXL, women's and men's sizes. Everyone gets a size. And so we are thinking that this increases the frontier of efficiency for Morpho, because we have more high fidelity pools that can be fine tuned to specific market demands. And the cool thing is that the market will actually determine what pools are created and what pools have outside success. And when the market is free to express its things, express its desires, we are seemingly finding a more efficient frontier for DeFi lending. But then we have the constraint of not every. All the liquidity is centralized into one single pool, like aave and compound, which is why we saw their success come from in the first place, price. But this is what the next layer on top of morpho is, which is Metamorpho. And this recentralizes all the liquidity. And then we have the risk managers really allow for that centralization of liquidity to be constrained in a favorable way, that is optimizing between the interests of the pools, the interests of the borrowers, and the interests of the actual risk managers themselves. And this is where we get back to the scalability, where we have all of these different sizes, and now we can scale them out with Metamorpho. And then we also have just a lack of dependency on the centralization of Chainlink. We have risk managers become a part of these systems, and this is a new stack that Morpho is building. Dan, is there any part of this stack that I missed that you want to talk about, or where should we go next here?
Speaker C: I think those are the parts of the stack as they existed today, and I think there's some more things that will come in the future. What I think might be interesting to do is actually, let's break down what goes into a lending protocol. What are the core design decisions that need to be made? We've talked about the modular versus monolithic, but there's a lot that goes into it. The place I'd like to start is, Paul, from your perspective, what is, what's the number one mandate, or even top one and two mandates for a lending protocol? What must they get right to earn the right to be used?
Speaker A: The first requirement could not be anything else than security, just looking at the number of exploits, but most importantly, the number of war rooms and incidents behind the scenes that happened is really orders of magnitude behind what we should expect from the future of the financial infrastructure that we're sort of claiming DeFi will become. So the first requirement has to be security, but then you have three others, which are efficiency, scalability and liquidity. And so the fourth, I do want.
Speaker B: To add that it does make sense that security comes first because in my mind, security is where you get money ness properties from Ethereum, highly secure layer one ETH is money. And so it makes sense that a money market optimizes for security first and foremost, because that preserves the money ness of the asset.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, absolutely. Security in lending and borrowing protocols comes into two different forms. There is the smart contract risk and there is the economic risk on the smart contract set of things. The question we asked ourselves when designing more for blue was what is the only thing that every single lender and borrowing protocol user will need? What are the lines of code that are necessary and what is unnecessary? And it turns out that at the end of the day, there is only 600 lines of code, or we believe there is only 600 lines of code that are common to every single lending and borrowing applications. And so the first thing we did is, okay, let's build this lending and borrowing core in a completely immutable and most efficient way. And then on top we'll build everything that's needed to, to tackle all the different risk profiles and different use cases. But, yeah, first is security through smart contract and economic risk.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think that there's one place I know you and I have kind of gone back and forth about previously, which is the use of oracles. And so Morpho blue does involve oracles. It's not completely oracle free like some protocols like Ajna have been able to do or Metastreet has done, but you do use oracles, but you allow each pool to be initiated with a chosen oracle. So at least there's that level of control. And I think that's there's no oracle.
Speaker B: Lock in, there's no oracle centralization dependency.
Speaker C: There's an oracle lock in on a per pool basis. You can always deploy a new pool with a new oracle. So there's nobody who's enshrined across all the pools. But there's also some complexity costs if you try to of remove oracles entirely in terms of how you're handling liquidations and all of that. And so you've kind of chosen a middle path where you're saying we're allowing for oracles because of what they bring to the table make easier, but we're providing choice. How much time did you guys spend debating that internally, thinking about whether to go fully oracle free or choose your own oracle or run your own and trying something? How did you approach that decision when.
Speaker A: Ajna came up with the white paper on oracle less lending and borrowing protocol, to be frank, I think that was one of the most innovative protocol I've ever seen since compound v two. Their approach is really unique and very interesting because at the end of the day, any lending and borrowing protocol needs a notion of price. When people come to borrow, we need to evaluate how much collateral they have. And when people come to liquidate, we need to be able to save. They're able to do so essentially and same when they withdraw. And to get a notion of price, well, at some point you need a market right to query the price from. And so the question you ask yourself when designing and lending and borrowing protocol is where is the market? Should it be enshrined within the lending and borrowing protocol? This way we don't rely on any external oracle. Should it be a centralized exchange? Should it be an aggregation of centralized exchanges and decentralized exchanges, which is more or less what Chainlink would provide in certain ways? Or should it be an immutable uniswap v four hook, for example? That is like, you know, Uniswap has been working on those oracle pools that are very interesting, essentially like, you know, enhanced Uniswap v three t wap. But in the context of Uniswap before. And I think the big advantages of not rebuilding the market within side, you know, the lending and borrowing protocol is that first you can focus on doing just lending and borrowing, and you don't need to have those thousands of lines of code of gas costs just for the purpose of having a market. The second consideration is that we believe that Uniswap and Coinbase are doing an insane job at building markets and we should more benefit from their expertise rather than trying to rebuild it within our own protocol. It's more of a design choice for us to stay focused uniquely on lending and borrowing and then have a core lending engine that is oracle agnostic and then let those risk experts, those risk managers, decide if they're going to use the chain link price feeds, or the immutable Uniswap v four pool, or the aggregation of the two or whatever makes the most sense according to them, most of the thinking behind it. I would also add that oracles to this day are very relevant in terms of efficiency, and the 12 seconds block time of ECRM is essentially the efficiency bottleneck of morpho Blue. At this point, the only thing that prevents Morpho blue bars to have more leverage is just the block time, because Chainlink is able to have those price updates so frequently, which is not always so easy to do if you rebuild the market entirely within your protocol.
Speaker C: Cool. So it's interesting, so you referenced the twelve second block time, and currently Morpho Blue is only deployed on Ethereum l one. When you start thinking about l two s or other l one s with shorter block times, how does that change the trade offs and decisions that you've made with Morpho Blue? Does it still translate in those other places or are there changes or adjustments that you would see based on a different chain that you'd be deployed on?
Speaker A: Right. So I think the more the underlying layer one or layer two infrastructure scales, some risk parameter decisions will change as well. Namely you can increase the LTV as a risk manager. You can deploy pools with a higher liquidation loan to value when you are on the chain that is faster essentially. But most interestingly, and I think that's more in couple years from now as blockchains scale, I think many DeFi protocols will be disrupted just because now we have more put, we can do more complex operations and things that really worked out well when we had only passive users and automated functions like the interest rate model. The interest rate curve is something that was made because we could not afford the complexity of rebalancing all the time the rate we wanted. And I think that in a few years from now, as we happen to deploy lending and borrowing or just defi in general into layer threes or layer twos that enable especially post then con much broader set of operations, I think well see a lot of disruptions there in the base mechanisms. The base markets are going to work very differently than what they are right now, but I think that's still a few years down the line to be frank.
Speaker C: I know that, that when we talk about these markets, and I guess maybe this is, I dont know if you lose this ability by going to a modular protocol versus a monolithic one, but one of the things that ive had a lot of discussions about over the years has been thinking about lending protocols, lending markets. One of the most important decisions that often you have to make is do we have a native stablecoin that you focus all of the lending borrowing activity around, or do you support all these different assets? Did you consider at some point doing a Morpho stablecoin and why didn't you choose to go down that path?
Speaker A: I think there's a ton of similarities between the maker and AaVE platform because AavE has enshrined risk management. Essentially, AaVe is looking to grow a pool of assets the same way, which are essentially a USDC, like the deposit token of USDC, the same way makers is growing DAI adoption. And on the engineering and growth standpoint, those are very similar exercises when you do the risk management side of things and try it in the protocol. In the case of Morpho, we're getting rid of the investment, quote unquote investment bank side of things, where we're trying to look for what are the most relevant risk reward trade offs, etcetera. We're just pure financial infrastructure, pure lending and borrowing markets. And when you're just focused at doing the lending and borrowing engine and not growing a pool of capital or a fund, well, you're more tool to stable coins rather than a stable coin yourself. And this is what's happening with Morpho, right. As I mentioned a few days ago, the spark and maker team announced they were working on some Morpho blue and Metamorpho integration. And I can tell you they're not the only one. Like, we're pretty much talking to every single decentralized stablecoin in the space, and they're looking to have their own lending and borrowing markets within the Morpho blue plus Metamorpho ecosystem, which is a very different thing that what we could see with Spark and Aave. Right. Aave decided to launch a stablecoin because that was very close to their business line. And essentially maker decided to fork the Aave free implementation to build spark. Right. So they're directly competitive, I'd say, because we're a very focused team at doing just, you know, we essentially do one thing, which is lending and borrowing and nothing else, that I was that that's more a cultural, you know, thing that pushed us to keep doing just this and no stable coin. But there is also like good technical and business reasons that when you're building this layer zero of lending and borrowing, you're not doing the same thing, you know, as a stable coin anymore.
Speaker C: And its interesting. So you mentioned focus there. How have you decided to keep that focus and stay so narrow? Weve seen a lot of whats happened over the past couple of years in Defi has been teams like Ave who have succeeded in one market or uniswap, right. Even starting with their protocol and then adding on a wallet. And David and I have talked about eventually a chain, things like this. Everyone's trying to grow and maybe eat other markets and eat more layers of the stack. How do you think about that? Why have you decided to stay focused? What are some of the things that you do to decide? When is it time to narrow versus broaden?
Speaker A: I think the first remark is lending and borrowing is a trillion dollar market. The repo market in traditional finance, which is the main market for over collateralized loans, is handling trillions of volumes every day. And I think that before spreading onto other things, we need to find a way to get this part right before expanding to other things. Like, like for example, a stable coin. So that's like the, you know, one, I would say strategic reason. The second reason is purely, you know, on the safety, security like security side of things, where the more line of code you produce, you know, the more risk you introduce. And so we have very strict principles within morpholog wherever where we produce as few lines of code as possible. And focus helps us preserve the rigor that I believe is required in order to build the financial infrastructure of the future. I think, Dan, at one time I mentioned that to you, but we also internally looked at all those different DeFi projects and see which one was successful and which one ended up losing traction over time. And turns out there is a high correlation between how distracted founders can get within the space where you can get a lot of those advisory deals or investments, etcetera. Together as co founders of Morphle, we signed an agreement which essentially prevents us from advising and investing in any other project at this stage. We're currently married to Morpho, you know, allowed to work.
Speaker B: I've never heard of anyone doing that before.
Speaker A: That is, yeah, that's the level of focus we're at with Morpho, just lending and borrowing.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker C: Right? I mean, David, you and I see this all the time where like, you know, founders are investing a lot of other things and they've, you know, been very, have a lot of personal financial success via their access. You know, Paul's the member of the founding team that's probably out there talking to the most other team. So he, I'm sure, cede deals almost on a daily basis that he could be investing in on probably quite favorable terms. But you guys have said, no, we don't want to do this. We don't want any distraction, don't want to separate ourselves from the rest of our team in terms of how all in, we are on this. And so I think that to me, that's one of the many things that I said before. I keep having this moment where I'm like, I couldn't get any more bullish on the Morpho team and what they're doing, and then something new comes out. Like, they don't even angel invest, they're just so focused. And so when you think about this arc and where it's leading, as you said, this is a multi trillion dollar market, long term, that we need to bring on chain, both in terms of traditional repo markets to come on chain, and also just the growth of these new digital markets for assets that don't exist pre blockchain. What do you see in the future? What do you see as being the major inflection points or ways that you expect these markets to grow and change in the next couple of years, and maybe even looking, if you can, project more abstractly over the next ten plus years?
Speaker A: The biggest challenge as an ecosystem is how do we break out of the endogenic crypto Defi Dejin circle that we're in currently, and that we have to recognize and acknowledge that the DeFi we're building today is not broadly used by the masses. And we have to first acknowledge it, because I think that's not so easy to do, and then understand why is that so? And how we can push forward the different boundaries and the way we think about it is, okay, we're bootstrapping liquidity and adoption through more risky degen high yielding things, but then how do we get integrated into more defi casual user bases? And once we've done that through the instadap Defi saver summer finance sommelier of the world, how do we get to an audience that understands crypto, but does not want self custody like CFI? And how do we get integrated in CeFi in ways that were not possible before? How do we provide financing or yield to users that have an exchange account, but don't even know how to use a wallet once we've gone there, how do we get into fintechs? Fintechs have, over the last two years, all built their wallet infrastructure within their apps. I'm thinking about the revolut or the Robin Hood of the world. They all have what it takes to integrate DeFi in the backend. Now you see all those partnerships being built between fintechs and layer two, and it feels like we're getting there. Like DeFi, you know, deployed on cheap layer twos or layer threes, will eventually act as, you know, financial backends of all those fintechs, which, by the way, have all the distribution these days, like all the young people are going through fintechs rather than traditional finance. And then the final boss of all this is obviously traditional finance, which to be frank, I don't think should be a focus at all for DeFi, just because traditional finance in its current state has too much of an unfair advantage with their current infrastructure, which is closed and only accessible by a few players, that it will take an enormous amount of network effects and adoption on an open layer in order for it to be attractive for the players of traditional fan. The end goal that ten years down the line. But I think the biggest challenge for crypto is going to be, and Defi more generally, is how do we have those adoption channels. And I think in the case of DeFi, fintech are going to obstruct away the privacy, gas and account management complexities that are preventing us from breaking out of this crypto circle that I've been mentioning. And in order to get there, you need reliable enough DeFi primitives, but also flexible enough DeFi primitives that can express the risk profile that you want for a specific fintech, but also maybe the compliance profile that you need in certain countries. And just coming back to the initial topic that we were having, this monolithic one size fits all approach could not fit all those different needs at the same time. And what we're trying to do here is more rebuilding finance like the Internet, where you have those Internet protocols that are very minimal, to be frank, and completely unoppiny, on top of which you get rebuilt the specialized experiences. So say for example, you have SMTP, and then on top you have Gmail that gets built on top for the email protocol. And Gmail in France is different than Gmail in the US and is also different than the hotmail clients. And I think we should get to a point where Internet is extended to blockchain and so we can transmit value, and Internet protocols are extended to Defi protocols, which basically shape value and bring those financial primitives to the masses, essentially.
Speaker C: I think that's right. That's where we're headed. We all want to not need the banks to go bankless and to be able to rely on this infrastructure here. I guess as we're moving closer to that, what do you see as the path you talked about abstracting away the chains? Is it building a version of this that exists on every chain? Is there a morpho chain? Eventually? What do you see as being the likely way that this occurs?
Speaker A: Right. So I think there's two important things. So first, Defi protocols are in some way getting a bit far away from the user, because now we're not trying to have one protocol that is also the product. So we're sort of doing even less than before. And so there is an even bigger gap with the user. But we're doing this because it will enable more, it will enable all those different experiences. So the first step is doing actually less. But then the second step is how do you bridge the gap between the infra and the end user? And to be frank, that goes through code and open source. How do we have those general protocols that can tackle over collateralized lending, but also maybe under collateralized lending at the same time? And then how do we build all those abstraction software, whether it is chain abstraction, crypto abstraction, like custody abstraction, and I don't know if it's going to be a morpho chain or if it's going to be multiple instances in different chains. What I know is that the user will see none of this eventually and even the fintech integrated will, will be abstracted away from those complexities.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think one of the reasons we're seeing, I think I've laid out previously the case for Uniswap to have their own chain and why I think a lot of app chains are going to exist. And frankly, a lot of the reasons why teams are doing the transition to their own chain now probably isn't for some of the underlying long term technical reasons. A lot of them are looking for the premium that the market is pricing and on having their own chains right now. Now, if we're being realistic about what's happening with a lot of them, but if you're not going to do that, Morpho does have a token. I believe it's not currently transferable. But what role, if we're stripping out governance, what role does the token end up playing in this Morpho ecosystem?
Speaker A: Essentially, Morpho creates value not through risk management, not through maintenance, but essentially by bringing together lenders and borrowers at one single sink. The morpho code is super simple. It's the simplest code in all defi. And as soon as it has a fee switch and as soon as the fee switch is activated, the code turns open source. The license of the code is Busl, but if the fee switch gets activated, the code turns open source, right? And so anyone can fork the code and deploy their own Morpho blue. And what has value then is not the code, but the state of the instance. What is the state of the smart contract of the Morpho blue smart contract? What is the network that has been built on top of it? What are the different risk managers that are on top, etc. Etcetera. And essentially what has value is the network and the morpho network, not the code in itself. And the morphotoken is basically tokenized ownership of this network value, which is going to incentivize investors to bring capital early or contributors to build those things in the early days, but also because a token is programmable users, because simply helping breaking the cold start problem of bringing lenders to get borrowers, and bringing borrowers to get lenders, well, we can distribute ownership in order to break this chicken and egg problem the same way compound has been introducing it at the beginning of DeFi summer. And so to be frank, we don't envisage envision great tokenomics plan for Moffle, if not just a way to own a share of this network and be part of the journey and capturing the value creating created by essentially lenders and borrowers coming together at one specific instance.
Speaker C: I think that's great. I love the business source. I'm an open source maxi, but I understand the need to have some of these business source licenses early, especially in an environment where everyone's rushing to fork anything new and innovative. But Uniswap's taken a slightly different approach here. They also start with a business source license. How do they transition to open source with a similar model? Makes sense for them.
Speaker A: I think the big question is around defensibility. And of course, if you have a license, then you're defensible. And I think what's the biggest defensibility for Uniswap is the state of the Uniswap instance. You're able to get good prices on Uniswap because you have liquidity providers and traders coming together at one specific instance. And this in itself creates value by bringing together different kinds of participants of a multi sided market. This is what creates value. And I think if you look at the gauntlet analysis that was provided for the fee switch activation, they essentially go through the economic modeling of how they're able to charge specifically on this network value. Turns out, according to the prediction, we can't say for sure what's going to be the effect of this, but turns out they should be able to have quite significant amount of revenue just from this, in my opinion. The business source license is obviously going to help them charge potentially more, but that's more of a licensing business rather than a true web three protocol, in my opinion, and a web free business model. I think, interestingly, web free business model is around network states rather than licenses. But I also understand the different choices behind Uniswap and how they've been in the past copied multiple times. I think at some point they will probably have this same approach, which is removing the license as soon as they turn on the V switch, potentially for future versions.
Speaker B: Well, Paul, Dan, this has been really, really good. I've learned quite a lot here. Dan, I kind of want to turn, as we close this episode, turn to you and just kind of ask you to zoom all the way out. And let's look at the defi landscape as a whole. Because I don't think what Paul and Morpho is doing here is siloed to just morpho pattern mechanism design that we are seeing be emulated across a variety of different defi apps. And kind of like how I alluded to in the beginning, even entire chains themselves, right? Like layer ones and layer twos. Modularity versus being a monolith. Maybe, Dan, you can kind of just share your insights from the other ecosystems that are applying similar principles. Right. We have uniswap v four and hooks. We have makerdao splitting and forking itself from a monolith into modular apps inside of one ecosystem. Just overall as a trend, how are you seeing this morpho pattern fit into the broader ecosystem that is defi?
Speaker C: Yeah, I would say it's not just defi, it's all of crypto. We've had the monolithic versus modular debates at the l one layer and even l two layer, with things like op stack kind of rising to prominence here. And so I think there is this desire to give people and give builders really more discrete control over the different pieces to come in to create the right ultimate products and user experiences on top of underlying protocols and primitives, what Paul describes as infrastructure. And so that is happening very broadly. I think we're going to continue to see that play out, and then we're going to see teams come in and build, I think, truly killer products on top of all of these protocols, on top of all these primitives, once they have the right things there to play with. The other piece that I would say is coming to me more and more frequently. I've been describing myself increasingly as a markets maxi, and saying, why are we having anything that is discrete and done in these step function ways by governance as much as possible? We want everything to be set by markets and determined by markets. And I think we're seeing more and more of that happen. Obviously, we're seeing that happen within lending and borrowing. We're even starting to see that happen in things like governance. I think the agora governance system and stuff too, is trying to move things that way. The security markets, in terms of things like immunefi to some degree, and code arena and cantina, we're seeing markets increasingly emerge everywhere. And so I think more and more we're gonna see things move from discrete one off decisions either at launch, or kind of updating with governance, and really see things happen due to these modular designs, due to market mechanisms being built in as options. The markets are going to determine where defi evolves and where it moves over time, rather than top down decision making.
Speaker B: Something that Amin Soleimani said in I think, 2017, 2018, and has been burned in my brain ever since. He said, no magic numbers, as in dont enshrine any rigid parameter, when possible, allow for the market to determine what that number ought to be. And then it makes perfect sense that, I mean, Soleimani is an ex like chemical engineer who understands control theory. And now he's built some of these patterns into the rise stablecoin. And so anytime a protocol enshrines some fixed parameter, that is a. It becomes brittle by the power of the market over time. Like all stable coin or all pegs in fiat currency land have eventually broke. It takes governance and decision making to make them not break. But even with that, there is still constraint on scale. And so when we can allow for more markets to express themselves, that I've always seen as a general rule of thumb, tends to be the most scalable, most resilient pattern. And so that's one of the reasons why I'm excited to have done this episode in the first place. And Dan, thank you for guiding us through this.
Speaker C: Yeah, and I'm sure Amin would also want to shout out to Nikolai, who's one of the original kind of creators behind Makerdao and the principles that he laid out. These, I think, are very complementary to the kind of cypherpunk principles that have been put out and that Vitalik has re articulated recently in terms of where Ethereum is going. I think we need to both be excited about where the markets are heading and how we're growing to serve more and more people, but also not lose sight of those core principles. And I think letting markets determine things, not choosing a magic number, is a really important one.
Speaker B: Well, Dan Paul, this has been fantastic. Paul, if people are peaked, if they're nerd sniped about Morpho, where should they go to learn more?
Speaker C: Sure.
Speaker A: Our website is morpho.org dot my Twitter is Paul from both first names last name attached and Morpho's Twitter is Morpho Labs attached. So Morpho Labs. And we're also on forecaster.
Speaker B: Amazing. Cool. I will put all of those links in the show notes. Dan Paul, thank you so much.
Speaker C: Thanks, David.
Speaker A: Thank you.
Speaker C: Thanks, Paul.
Speaker B: Bankless nation, you know the deal. Defi is risky. Even newer Defi apps are even more risky. You can lose what you put in. But we are headed west. This is the frontier. It's not for everyone. But we are glad that you are with us on the bankless journey. Thanks a lot.
