Speaker A: Bankless nation. Are you going to ethcc this year? ECC is one of the oldest running Ethereum conferences. The Ethereum Community conference happens every single year in Paris, except for this year in which it's in Brussels. And we'll talk about why it's in Brussels. It's for a pretty damn good reason. On the show today is Jerome Destcher, one of the co founders of eTHCC, and he walks us through what you can expect from this year's eTHCC, how it's exactly the same, how it's different, and all the things you need to know to navigate this special version of ETHC, and also, especially if you are a first time goer to ECC, how you can leverage it the best, what you can get out of it, and how you can navigate what is one of the craziest and most special times, I think, in the year when we all end up in Europe together, everyone from all over the world goes to ECC, and it's a nice time to see everyone in real life, put Twitter profiles to names and faces to names and all that kind of stuff that we do when we are in real life and not on the virtual world. So let's go ahead and get right into the conversation with Jerome de Tech about ETH, CC bank the station. I'm here with Jerome de Teche, one of the founders of ETHCC, the Ethereum Community conference, which I think is one of the longest going Ethereum conferences typically held in Paris. Jerome, welcome to the show.
Speaker B: Thank you for having me. Super glad to be here and to see, to see you on the podcast. Now I've seen you at etc. And I'm seeing you on podcasts, so it's great.
Speaker A: Yeah, this is one of the rare relationships that I have where I actually met you in person first, and then it has come to the podcast. Usually it flips the other way around. Jerome, there's a lot of things to talk about ECC. As soon as it gets sunny out, my senses start spiking and like, oh, ECC is around the corner because ECC is held every single July in Paris, except for this year. We'll talk about that. Maybe you can just walk listeners through the history of etHcc, like where it started, why it started, and how has it grown since?
Speaker B: It definitely holds the status of the longest standing Ethereum conference, probably also the longest standing blockchain conference itself because we were able to host it during COVID Like we were super lucky to do the ECC edition right before the shutdown and right after the shutdown. So we were lucky on that front. So the whole history of. History of HCC was we started in 2017 with the first edition that wasn't called ECC, but Ethereum Developer Conference, which later on became ad Con and was a traveling conference. And we thought about doing the same conference all over and over again. And this is how HCC was born the year after we started the first officially named HCC edition in Paris in 2018. And then every single year, we were able to host one edition of HCC. And the goal for HCC was to bring together a community at the same place every year, regularly. So you can plan ahead in advance. So as a founder of a startup, as a researcher, an active member of the community, you can. You can plan ahead that you need to be in Paris roughly at this time of the year, because this is where things are going to be announced and people are going to get together. And with the growth of the atrium ecosystem, we did grow the conference as well.
Speaker A: Beautiful. Beautiful. Yeah, I remember ECC 2021. It was one of the main, first conferences that I went to just post Covid. It was the main conference I went to post Covid, and it was like, oh, like, these are all the friends and relationships I've made over the last, like, 18 months on the Internet. Now everyone's here, and it's turned into, like, a cultural just shelling point for everyone to come and hang out and actually meet people face to face.
Speaker B: You know, it's funny you mentioned that. We were like, it's sunny, so we need to plan for HCC, because initially we were hosting the conference in late February, early March, and people were complaining like, oh, my goodness, march in Paris. Can we do it sunny somewhere? Can we do it in the spring or in the summer? And so when the borders started to reopen after Covid, we had a window of opportunity to host the conference in July. So we said, okay, let's go with July. Let's do it in July. And now with all the different conferences in the world, all the big events setting up for a different time period, different times in the year, yeah, we are going to continue doing it roughly at the same time. I continue to aim for the summer. But, yeah, if you plan on going to etc. This year, you can have the summer in Europe, which is not bad at the moment.
Speaker A: Right. And this is something a little bit different this year about ECC, typically held in the same place, right in the middle of the downtown Paris. Not this year, though. Can you talk about why and where it is instead.
Speaker B: So it's in Brussels. There you go. So if you've never been to Belgium, here's a good opportunity to visit Belgium. Different reasons to do that. Well, first off, from an event organizing standpoint, it's a bit rough to do it in Paris when you are at our sides conference, we expect more than 7000 people coming to HCC specifically for the conference, but lots of different side events, of course. And it's hard to find a place that can fit that many people and that big of an ambition. Like the previous years, we were expanding over different buildings, neighboring buildings, and so on, and now we are at the limit of what we can do. But moreover, there is something going on in France in the summer, which is the Olympics, and that has a huge impact on how well you can organize an event, what restriction you have, and also pricing wise for the attendees. It's going to be. It would have been quite expensive to get there.
Speaker A: Ethereum is pretty large, and Ethereum has grown quite a lot, but we are still not at the level of competing with an olympic size event.
Speaker B: Yeah, if we were to, we could go back to Paris. If we were to go with tens of thousands, it would start to make sense in terms of good venues that are available. Otherwise, we have to handle different buildings, of course, but specifically for the Olympics, everything did five x or seven x, sometimes even ten x, in terms of event organization. So it's not easy for us to do it in Paris for the Olympic this year. But ECC means community conference, so we try to keep the price as low as possible. The organization behind ITCC is Ethereum France, which is a nonprofit registered in France since 2016. So we try to not extract value from the conference itself. It's fairly priced in every different ways, and we wanted to keep something that is still accessible for newcomers in this industry. So we tried to make this hard balance between, we want a very technical conference, but we want also a conference that is welcoming for first commerce, that wants to discover the ecosystem, discover the industry, and so on. And so we picked Paris this year because it's a french speaking country. So for the core team of Ethereum France, it's easier to organize, of course, but also it's an important year for Europe and crypto, because we have a change in regulation that is now being put in place. It's a negation year as well in Europe, so there's many moving parts that are going to, to be unraveling during HCC. So for Brussels, as the European Union capital, political capital, it's interesting to host the event there. And many of our industry's companies are mature enough to start to talk with regulators, to start to meet the parliament members, start to meet people that are going to wait into what's going to be the next regulation for Europe. So we felt like it was the right moment and the right place to do it in Brussels. And we have a really prime place to host the event this year.
Speaker A: Okay, so for people, I've never been to Belgium or Brussels before. Maybe you could just, like, shed a little bit more light about, like, what I can expect from, from Brussels and Belgium. Like, I learning about, like, ECC in Belgium and Brussels this year. Like, I've learned that it is actually, like, the political capital of the European Union. Maybe you can just, like, shed a little bit more light about, like, the difference between what people would expect versus, like, what. What Brussels is.
Speaker B: So you can expect excellent waffles, excellent beer.
Speaker A: I've heard the beer is very strong.
Speaker B: Yes, they have a really strong culture of strong beers, so expect good things on that end. Lots of cultural places to visit as well. There's a few really beautiful museums to visit in Brussels. So art wise, you will be all covered. And you can expect also to see a lot of officials from the European Union that will be on site to mingle and learn more about crypto as well. On the conference itself, 7000 people will be there, roughly 350 different speakers across 13 tracks, and about probably 300 different side events during the week of ECC, as well as a hackathon at the end of the week organized by Eve Global. So you can book a full week of Ethereum and blockchain related events during this week in Brussels.
Speaker A: Beautiful. And then, so, like, each CC, typically, just because of how big it's gotten, has turned into just, like, a very rich side event. So, yeah, you have the main event, which, of course, is just, like, at capacity generally, and then there's, like, also. Just, like, plenty of side events to also go to. Is that gonna be, like, a similar dynamic, or how is that dynamic changed at all due to Brussels?
Speaker B: No, not at all. It's. It's still the same. And we are really happy to see that happening, actually, because, you know, when we open the call for speakers at ECC, we have to select 13 different topics that we think are going to encompass all the different initiatives in the jeremycosystem. So, for example, enterprise. Okay, well, we are going to do something with enterprise. Okay. Can we do something about onboarding? Yeah, let's do something about onboarding. So it's always a struggle for us to try to gauge what's going to be the next narrative, the next things that are going to attract speakers and so on. But while we are selecting all of our speakers, there's people that we cannot fit in because too many requests, too many things happening, too many demand for a specific topic and so on. And there are also protocols or specific topics that want to have get together alongside and so on. So naturally people started to organize site events specifically for a specific topic or specifically for a protocol and so on. I'm thinking about Stacknet CC, for example, doing a community conference, but specifically on what's happening on Stacknet, even if during the conference we have probably like ten or 20 different speakers talking about what they do on Stacknet or Stacknet specific topics. Yeah, that's definitely the kind of thing you can expect during HCC, having those kind of side events. And we try also to make the conference be more family and kids friendly, because as we grow into this ecosystem, I've been there for about ten years on my end, so now I have kids, now I want, I expect to see a nursery for my kids. When I go to an event, I expect to have different things to do on the side of the event. So you can plan on coming to HCC and then enjoying a side event, doing yoga and, I don't know, walking around and so on for a specific topic or a specific thing that people are going to discuss on the site as well. And that's definitely still the case. Every year we have a hundreds of offside events for specific topic or specific projects on the site.
Speaker A: If somebody hasn't been to eth CC before, like what advice or tips do you have for them? What should they know ahead of time to really just maximize their time at the event?
Speaker B: Try to go to sleep early.
Speaker A: Honestly, I could 100% like, plus one.
Speaker B: That a week of conference inside events is really, really hard for your, for your energy. Like you need, you need to be able to rest, you need to be.
Speaker A: Able to, it's a marathon, not a sprint.
Speaker B: Yeah, and I feel like when we were, when we were out of, you know, the years of COVID enough of remote work, we lost the energy of doing lots of social interactions. So you will have a full week of social interaction and that's, you know, that's taking up on your internal battery. So like, plan on having a lot of souvenir, plan on meeting a lot of people. Take, take some mental note about like, oh, I just met David, he's an interesting buddy. I should reach out after HCC. Like, let's exchange telegram, let's exchange numbers, like, let's be in contact later, be open to the unexpected. Like walking around. You will meet a lot of people. When we started at CC, we were like, at a. One person out of two was a speaker. Now we are like closer to one out of eight or one out of nine. But if you consider all the side events, we are probably back to one out of four or one out of five. So you will meet keynote speakers, key people. From the technical side of things, you will definitely meet people. This is one of the advantages of coming to HCC. It's still not too big, so you are lost in a really big crowd and you don't see anyone in person, but it's still enough people that have something to say, something that are working on, something to share. So you will cross paths with those. So don't try to over schedule your day. I try, personally, to aim at one or two talks that I really want to see a specific day, of course, because I have to roam around a lot during the. During the day and at night I try to not coming to one or two, max, different side events, so I don't over overeat. So, yeah, that would be my advice, like, get ready for the unexpected and rest well. Otherwise you will miss out.
Speaker A: What about the actual city of Brussels? Is it like Paris in the sense that it's likely that all the side events are going to be within walking distance? Is it a walkable city? What about just the actual geography of the city?
Speaker B: It's much easier to roam around in Brussels than it is in Paris. Yeah. So I don't want to talk too much against Paris because I'm living here and so on. But I have to admit that going around in Paris is not that easy. And specifically during the Olympics, it's getting more and more nightmarish. Taking an Uber, it's typically ten to 20 minutes just to go from Middle City, the center of the city, to the rest. You can cut those distances by half or sometimes by tree in Brussels, so it's walkable and it's much easier to warm around. You have less traffic jam and so on. But the place that we organize HCC is full of small places with different sizes, also middle sized places as well, that you can host side events. So we expect all the things happening at the same place, like a big event in the middle ECC and lots of things in the satellite that you can walk around, which was kind of a. Kind of a problem in Paris. If you were hosting something at the other side of the city, you will miss out on a lot of people that would have wanted to attend and just missed out because they couldn't get around fast enough. So Brussels will definitely be a plus on this side.
Speaker A: And famously, ETHCC is known as the conference that a lot of protocols, teams, projects save a big announcement for and then announce at ETHCC. Do you know if that's the same this year? Are you informed ahead of time of what some of these things are?
Speaker B: I am informed ahead of time that there will be announcements sometimes about the announcement itself, but I have no right to disclose anything. I see.
Speaker A: Of course not. But maybe you can kind of give us a sense of just like the vibe, like, is it like how excited are you about some of the stuff that you've heard?
Speaker B: So I'm very excited because I've been trying very hard to convince Jean Claude vendam to come and give a keynote at etc. And he hasn't responded yet, unfortunately. So if you can reach out to him and tell him to call us back, we'd love to have him on site. We know that Vitalik is going to do a pretty long talk, but we don't have the topic yet, so we'll see what's going to happen on that front. The if staker community is going to host its own track, and as a solo staker, I'm particularly looking forward to this track. On the Monday, there is Jeremy Aller's keynote about building the Internet financial system, which I think will be a really great talk to attend. Christine Kim is also going to give a talk about points and crypto points and how the us regulation is going to look at that. Justin Drake, which you had on the podcast recently, is going to do something about universal synchronous composability, which I think is going to happen, and there will be announcement. So that's the principle of etcetera. At its core, it's the conference happening roughly at the same time, roughly at the same place every year. So that's why people are saving for this conference to do some announcements. But you must already have taken some interview and scheduled some interview, so you have the same information as I do. Probably.
Speaker A: Perhaps. Perhaps, yeah. What are some of the new tracks that are happening this year? What are the new themes of development or new themes of conversation? Because Ethereum is always adapting and evolving and therefore, so a lot of the content is at ECC as well. So what's some of the new stuff that's going on?
Speaker B: So one thing that we try to highlight this year is a specific track for onboarding and wallets in general because we see it as typically an uprising topic. There's lots of people that are working towards that, whether it is the MPC, whether it is a service side or the 4337 I can abstraction side. There's a lot going on on that. So there is now a new track dedicated to this ZK. Technology and privacy are being split in two now because they are starting to involve in different directions. Back in the previous years, we used to do roll up, scaling and core protocol stuff at the same place and now we are splitting them as well because there's so many flavors of roll up and scaling stuff that are happening all over the place that we need to separate them to get a good sense of it. And also at the core protocol level, we are making many changes in, in the EVM and in how the protocol works at its core that it needs to have its own track as well. I expect a lot of discussion happening during HCC about the upcoming thought at the end of the year or early next year. So typically we split the two. Now I can tell you that there has been a lot of application on the enterprise size of thing, which is, which has been a regular track at CC every year. So that's definitely as well a good sign. And this year we have two tracks that are organized by, by a third party outside of HCC. So ifstaker is doing its staking and consensus track specifically on the matter. We have the token engineering group that is also doing something about token engineering. So we try to associate with those different communities to bring good creative content. But yeah, definitely the rising star of etc. This year is onboarding and wallets because we are at this specific change of paradigm that we can now onboard much better people. And many companies, many researchers are trying to innovate in this field.
Speaker A: Do you have any, just data over the arc of the attendees of ETHCC? So ECC at the very beginning was of course the Ethereum die hards. You said that for one out of every two people as a speaker, do you have any demographic data of who's coming to this ECC and what that community actually looks like and how it's different?
Speaker B: Yeah, you know, we started with 500 people and now we are at more than 7000. So like it definitely grew over the year. We are like 40. Damn, I should, I should have come with a precise demographic. So I hope my team won't scream too much. But from my top of my head, we have. We used to do 20% from France when we were hosting it in Paris, and we had 30% that were coming from neighboring country, and then the rest of the 50% was split between 30% from North America and 20% from Southeast Asia at large. So counting Australia and Japan and so on.
Speaker A: And what about just like, newcomers or veterans or anything like that? Is this like a lot of employees of crypto companies? Is this like hobbyists? Do you have any information like this?
Speaker B: Yeah, we do. I think 15% of new newcomers. 15%, but weighted from the fact that we grow so, like, real newcomers that are, like, first time at ECC ever. From what we can attest on the discussion that we have with crypto companies that are coming in group, ECC has become a place where you can do your retreat after and before. So you would typically plan a retreat with the core teams or the core engineering team, bring them all out to HCC at the same place, same time, and then spend a few more days in a neighboring country or in the country or in the same city right after. So that's definitely something that is worth considering if you are a company in the crypto space. Like, think about just taking your team to HCC. It's the right way to do a cool retreat with five to six people, or if you are much bigger, like a coinbase and so on, definitely taking 20 or 30 people at once. And from a newcomer perspective, this is the perfect place to find a job in crypto. Definitely the perfect place to know who's doing what, who's building what. If you are interested with ZK technologies, like, you have a full track, full ZK day, you can come just for this day and be up to date about everything that's going on in the place and then talk to all the sponsors that are in this industry and be like, hey, I want to work in this industry, or I want to contribute. You will find something. It's. Yeah, it's definitely the right place. If you're looking for your new gig in September, certainly.
Speaker A: And I definitely can resonate that. With that, maybe we can zoom out and just talk about, like, the impact of both ECC and events like it on Ethereum as a whole. Like, I got into Ethereum because I went to an Ethereum event and I was like, 1ft in, 1ft out. Then I went to ETh Denver and I was like, whatever's going on here, I want in my life. Like, I want to commit to whatever this vibe is. And I wouldn't have, like, done that, had I not had the opportunity to like, see Ethereum manifest in real life and its community actually show up in real life and meet them. Maybe you can just reflect on what you think the roles are like, the role of events like Eth CC specifically, and events like it on the trajectory of Ethereum.
Speaker B: You know, I have a similar story personally. Like, I started working on Ethereum as a hobbyist. I contributed to Ethereum friends, the website. We got invited by the foundation to come to DefcON two in Shanghai and just to meet people, feel the vibe, get to chat just randomly to people that are in this industry, very casually, like, hey, what you're doing? I'm doing this. How cool. It felt very welcoming and very positive in its own vibe. And it convinced me that this is the kind of people that I want to continue working with and continue contributing with on the same project. I heard that also from Georgiou's Constanto Poros, the cto of paradigm. He went in NCC, the first edition of HCC as a volunteer student. He was freshly out of his engineering school in Greece, and he said, oh, this is amazing, I want to work in this. And now he just built a new Ethereum client in rust. So, you know, this is people. As we convert this way. And from a community standpoint, behind every open source project, there is a community behind it that maintain it, that make changes, propose innovation, and discuss those innovations. So we can discuss everything on, if you're a magician, which was launched at HCC, by the way, we can just chat on the forum, we can just chat on GitHub and so on. But from time to time, we need to, we need to meet each other. We need to realize that, oh, you are native russian speakers all. You are french native speakers, or you are greek nations, or you are an american. Okay, cool. We have cultural differences, but we have the same passion for Ethereum. And now we get to meet each other in person. So we can settle some technical grudge or settle some point of views and okay, let's go and move on. We can build this ecosystem in a bigger state. That's all the juice that you can get out of these events. Like, you come to an event about an open source project and you get to meet everybody that is interested in making it even bigger. So I think it's at our core, the core reason of our success as a protocol and maybe as a franchise, the EVM franchise. Like now we have various flavors of EVM everywhere. It makes me think that we have some moonbeam talks and some Solana talks at HCC as well. So it's just a welcoming ecosystem that everybody wants to share, share and exchange and meet other people. And, you know, I love that Defcon has now switched to doing some defconnect stuff. Maybe not doing Defcon everywhere every time at different places, not doing it everywhere and so on. But I'm glad also that at ECC we try to be standardizing the same event every year in the same place and make it easy for people to come around it. And yeah, I'd love to hear more stories, maybe in your podcast about, hey, did you, have you been to HCC? Did you get involved in love with Ethereum at HCC? That's the. I think that there's a lot of people that have the same story of getting into this ecosystem thanks to the events, and that's why it's so important, certainly.
Speaker A: And of course, we want stories like this to happen every single year. If this is somebody's first time going to etHCc, how would you say they should make the most of it? We talked about, like, hey, like, don't stay out all night every night. Like, get adequate sleep. But like, maybe you're looking for a job. Maybe you're looking to build relationships. Like, what are some of the advices or the do's and don'ts that you might have?
Speaker B: Check out the agenda. It's going to be out in the next 24 hours. I don't know when this interview will be released, but we aim for the 13 as a release date. So check out the agenda. Look at what you like, what you really don't want to miss. If a speaker is speaking on a specific date, it will be in the building at this place at this time. And it's easy to bump into someone and say, like, hey, I just went to your talk, or I listened to you ten minutes ago. Like, you have minute. Let's talk. This is your best opportunity to get direct interaction with those people. There's a lot of sponsors and a lot of boost to roam around if you are collecting swag or like me, if you're collecting stickers, you get to have new stickers on your computer very easily. Look at. Look at the site events in advance. I think it's. Oh, yeah, that's another good advice. Etc. Week FR is a website where we have a curated list of side events that are created by the ECC team. We try to avoid obvious scams or people that are linking to a website that's trying to steal your crypto. So at least on the Eccwic Fr you'll be good. But try to look at this list of side events a bit in advance because the side events tends to sell out quickly as well because they are at limited capacity. So you can organize a bit in advance with this. Like, look at the side events. But if you're looking for a job in crypto, like, this is definitely the worst trip. Come to Brussels, look at a specific topic that you want to hear more from, to hear more from and apply to side events that are related to that. It's fair and square and easy. Everybody is at the same place at the same time, and the decision makers are there as well. So if you're doing business as well, it's getting more and more of a good conference to attend because, yeah, you speak to the decision makers, to the VP of engineering, the CTO, the biz, devs and so on, you'll be able to find your next growth partners as well.
Speaker A: Yeah, I can 100% plus one that this is just like an opportunity to see all the faces in real life. Rub shoulders, get shoulder to shoulder, break bread with people. It's pretty special opportunity as well. I look forward to it every single year. And of course, like, if you're a bankless citizen, we have our meetup as well. So if you're going and you're in the bankless universe, definitely come to our meetup, our side event.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker A: Got free drinks for you. And then also just like, again, just like, there's going to be content for you everywhere, all the time, at all places. So you do have to experience some sort of zen ness of, like, you will miss something and you're going to have to be okay with that. But, like, you're skinny, be okay because you're gonna go to something else. It's also very, very cool. So if you don't see everything that you wanted to see in one ECc, that's just why you have to come back to the next one.
Speaker B: And everything is live streamed.
Speaker A: Oh, yes, right. Always, always catch everything. Like, you can catch up.
Speaker B: You can catch up to the fact right after we usually live stream and edit in the same day. So you get a, you get access to everything really, really swiftly. Like I. Yeah. So don't worry if you miss out on something.
Speaker A: Jerome, thank you so much for coming on the show today and kind of walking us through what to expect out of this incoming eCc.
Speaker B: Likely looking forward to see you, to see you again this year in Brussels and share a strong beer.
Speaker A: Definitely. Very, very strong. One strong beer. One strong beer.
Speaker B: One strong beer and we get to sleep.
Speaker A: Bankless nation. You guys know the deal. Crypto is risky, travel is risky, events are risky. Maybe. I guess probably not as risky as crypto, though. You can lose what you put in. But we are head west. This is frontier. But we are glad you are with us on the journey west. Thanks a lot.
