Speaker A: Welcome to bankless, where we explore the frontier of Internet money and Internet finance. And today on bankless, we are going deep into the frontier of restaking. We are going so deep, in fact, that we are bringing in some extra help to guide us down the very thorny and unmapped landscape of restaking. What is restaking? If you don't know what restaking is, this episode might not be for you. This is not an afternoon hike of a conversation. We are not strolling around the park. We are going so far into the unknown that we need a guide to make sure that we don't get lost. Tim Baco on this episode is tapping in as our technical moderator for this conversation, our guide for the journey into restaking, so not every bankless listener will be prepared for this conversation. This one is a hard one. If you want to be adequately equipped for the conversation that awaits, I recommend listening to the bankless episode with Sriram about the restaking meta that we are embarking upon that we did that episode with free rom just a few weeks ago. That will get you up to speed and ready to understand some of the nuances and problems that we are going to suss out here on today's episode. Because today on the show we have one of the largest and most gigabrained panels that we've ever had on bank list. We have Dankrad Feist, we have Jessie aka 13 year old VC, that is her pseudonym, Justin Drake, Vitalik Buterin, and of course Sriram Canon himself, the founder of Eigen Lair and perhaps the creator of resaking. All moderated by Tim Bako Bankless Nation I'm going to be with you in the audience on this one. This one is well above my pay grade, but you are in good hands with Tim, so I'm going to sit back and get my learn on and I'm sure that you will as well. So let's get right into our conversation with one of the most brainiac panels that we've ever had on bank list. But first, a moment to talk about some of these fantastic sponsors that make this show possible. Bank list Nation welcome to our restaking deep dive. This episode is not meant to be an introduction to re staking. This will be a much more technical conversation as to the current frontier of thought from the ETH core devs and other restaking enthusiasts about how the meta of re staking might interact interfere with the goals of the Ethereum execution. Later, for an explanation of restaking and what restaking is, there is a 101 or 201 level content that we did with Sriram not too long ago. So see that previous episode, if you need to get downloaded as to the state of eigen layer, what restaking is and what it does, we hopefully want to go very deep in this episode. So deep, in fact, that I am only able to guide us so far in this conversation. So moving forward, I am tapping in Tim Bako as our guide into the frontier of the staking meta and the Ethereum protocol. Tim, welcome back to bank. Listen, thank you so much for taking the reins here.
Speaker B: Yeah, thanks for having me again.
Speaker A: Before we bring on the largest panel that we've ever had here at bankless, I want to pick up a little bit of your brain, Tim, what are you hoping to accomplish in this episode and what context and frame of mind should listeners have as they enter this conversation?
Speaker B: Right, so we're going to have people from both Eigen layer and then the research side of Ethereum and kind of the broader community. And my goal is like, if everyone can understand everyone's perspective a bit better by the end of the call, I'll be happy. And I think as a byproduct of that, we're going to have to dive into all of the issues around restaking, so folks can expect discussion of the technical issues, the trade offs, the general roadmap, and the potential risks around restaking. And then hopefully the folks on the panel have a better understanding of each other's perspective by the end of the hour.
Speaker A: Why would you say that? This has captured the attention of so many of the Ethereum core devs and surrounding Ethereum community. Why, in simple terms, is this a big deal?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think it's because it introduces changes to the incentive landscape, which the protocol is not aware of natively. So obviously we have all these incentives in the Ethereum protocol, like how much rewards do we issue to stakers? What are the penalties? What do we do with transaction fees? And those sort of all work really well. If you think of Ethereum as a closed system where there's not too much interference with it, you see something like restaking, which fundamentally changes the reward landscape for stakers, and it might end up changing the decisions they make around the risk they're willing to take. If they take risk and things go poorly, then it might change the decisions they make with regards to their role as a staker on the Ethereum mainnet. So it's really this intersection of the incentive design and the edges of the protocol and how they interact together. I think that's something that people in recent years have become much more attuned to. And, yeah, that's why it causes so much conversation.
Speaker A: All right, Tim, are you ready for me to hand over the reins to you?
Speaker B: Yeah, let's do it.
Speaker A: All right, Tim, I'm going to let you go, but first I'm going to introduce you to Dankrad, the father of modern dank sharding, researcher at the Ethereum Foundation. Dankrad, welcome back to Bankless.
Speaker C: Thank you for having me.
Speaker A: We also have Justin Drake, father of ultrasound money. He's been on the show a large number of times before. Justin, also welcome back to Bankless.
Speaker D: Thanks for having me too.
Speaker A: And first time on the show, we have Jesse, who I think has posed some of the biggest questions about restaking is definitely on the frontier of restaking, thought. Jesse, welcome to Bankless for your first time.
Speaker E: Thank you for having me.
Speaker A: And then of course, we have Vitalik Buterin, just some guy on Twitter and also famous for having the most ignored eips and ethereum. Vitalik, welcome back to bankless.
Speaker F: Hello, everyone. It's good to be here again.
Speaker A: And last but definitely not least, we have Sriram, the father of modern restaking himself. Sriram, welcome back to your second time on bankless.
Speaker G: Thank you so much, David, excited to be here. Thanks to all the EF friends for coming here.
Speaker A: And Jesse, Tim, I am out of here. My man. This is all you.
Speaker B: Awesome. Thank you, David. I guess one place to kick this off to make sure that we dive into the deep end pretty quickly is if the four of you, Dankra, Justin, Jesse and Vitalik, maybe just want to take a minute to share your current brain dump of like where your head is at with regards to restaking. We can kick it off from there. And then Sriram, I'll make sure to give you some time after to respond to the comments that will come up. But I think, yeah, quickly, Jesse, I don't know if you want to kick us off. Yeah. When you think restaking, what are the things that are coming through your mind right now?
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker E: So I think to me, restaking is that one simple, elegant idea that's inevitably coming true. I think it has real yo. For users that come from a real utility, it has real excitement and traction behind it. I think there's in the process, real value capture as well. However, it's also an opportunity that I believe has been slept on because I probably talked to hundreds of developers one on one and tens of ecosystems. And some of our most, like, smartest people are working on ZK, on chain games, MeV but restaking is, I think, some of the biggest upcoming nerds type that there's just not that many experts in. There's many interesting topics to be explored that comes out of this Pandora's box. My friend Kaito, once that you could probably get a PhD just studying any of the rabbit holes into restaking, and there's just not that many experts in this space. So I would encourage everyone to study and become an expert.
Speaker B: Awesome. Thanks. Justine, you want to go next?
Speaker D: Sure. Yeah. So my perspective is that restaking is a little bit like AI. On the one hand, there's an opportunity to really upgrade Ethereum, make it the center of economic security, and really strengthen its network effects, have more applications, more cash flows. But on the other hand, there's systemic risks. There's big, big downsides, there's a large blast radius. And what we potentially could be losing is the decentralization of the staking operators. That's what I'm most worried about. And that could have ripple effects around losing credible neutrality, losing monetary premium and things like that. Now, I guess personally, I've been digging into risk taking very seriously for the last two months, and I feel good about it as a researcher because it kind of extends my Runway. But on the other hand, I must say that thinking about these systemic risks deeply has made me a bit more gloomy and doomy. But I'm trying to remain optimistic in my research.
Speaker B: Thanks. Vitalik, you want to go next?
Speaker F: Yeah, I think I have pretty much the same perspective as Justin on this.
Speaker B: Okay. Dankrad, anything from you?
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, I would just like to continue what Justin was saying. I think it's super interesting because to me, like restaking has many similarities to liquid staking. And like, I think the risks are in many ways quite similar. So it is very interesting in that at the same time, it could actually help decentralization and that it makes solo staking more competitive and more capital efficient, but at the same time runs the risk of completely compromising the protocol by re hypothecating basically all the stake and removing our security by using the stake for something else. So it's a super interesting topic to think about.
Speaker B: Thanks. And yeah, Sriram, I guess we've heard it's almost like a barbell of opinions. It could make solo staking better. Super interesting problem for builders, new source of yield. But then it's like AI could destroy centralization and affect incredible neutrality. So how do you think about retaking from your vantage point now?
Speaker G: No, I think we do agree that there are complex risks. And that's why I think it's important to take a constrained approach in building risk. Taking, the constraints being like what is really good for the ecosystem and having constraint on that building, what new innovation can be unleashed based on this concept? So that's how we are thinking about it. Our driving value is permissionless innovation. The idea that anybody can come and build new things on top of this massive trust source. And I think the fundamental thing we are all seeing here is there is a trade off between shared security and risk contagion. And I think understanding that sharply, as well as building systems that make sure that there is a certain amount of innovation that can be unleashed while satisfying the constraints of minimizing risks and contagion is how we are thinking about it. Thanks.
Speaker B: Yeah, I guess. Justin, to go back to you, you said the past couple of months have made you into a bit of a restaking doomer. Can you paint us a picture of your mental evolution and what your current view of the risks is and why they could be bad?
Speaker D: Right. So things have actually evolved in the last few days where I feel like I've made some breakthroughs in terms of having solutions if we really want to kind of fight solo staking. So I used to believe for a long time that restaking was inevitable. But actually, maybe there are some redesigns of proof of stake that make it like proof of work where you can't really do restaking with slashing. But putting this aside and just assuming that we continue on the current path where we're at, one of my main concerns is basically the erosion of solo staking. So actually the opposite of what the bankrupt is hoping for. And basically the reason is that right now there's one staking application, restaking application zero, if you, if you will, which is to participate in the beacon chain and at the execution layer of Ethereum. But there's going to be many other options going forward. And for each one of these restaking applications, a decision needs to be made by the staker. Either you don't participate in that restaking application, and I think that might actually not be really an option for some restaking applications. And the reason is that there's this economic forcing function going on. If you don't want to play the game, you aren't competitive from an economic standpoint. The other option might be to become a solo restaker. So you retain your sovereignty. But my worry here, and there's basically a whole laundry list of things that basically jeopardize the possibility for solo restaking. So right now, when we think of solo staking, we think of a low powered node, that's, for example, dap node. We think of distributed validators like oboe and MPC friendliness. We think of the minimum stake being 32 eth. We think of low maintenance, we think of client diversity, determinism smoothing, synchrony, all sorts of things that we think about, each one of which could be jeopardized even by one single restaking application. And so basically what could happen is that these solo stakers might be forced to the third option, which is to do delegated restaking. And delegated restaking is all about trusted operators. And one of the problems here is there's a ransom attack. So we used to think that we can delegate and still hold custody of the stake. But it turns out that when you're delegating stake in the context of restaking, you're allowing this operator to slash you. And what this operator can do is basically threaten to slash you unless you pay a ransom, which is almost the full amount that they can slash. So, for example, if they can slash you for 32 eth, they can say, I'm going to slash you unless you pay me 31 eth and you get one eth back. And it's in your best interest to just go ahead and do that. And so you've effectively losing the benefits of the segregation between the staking key and the withdrawal key. Yeah.
Speaker G: A brief comment there is, it seems like you can have immutable services whose slashing contracts are immutable. And as long as we encourage stakers to only opt into restaking where it is immutable service contracts, you don't have this risk that suddenly somebody can come and say something because it's not a thing that anybody can say. Slashing is written into a contract.
Speaker B: Maybe.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: On that point, Sriram, can you take a couple minutes to walk us through exactly what exists today in the restaking architecture for Eigen layer specifically? Because I think it's probably helpful. I suspect most listeners have heard of restaking as a general concept. But if you can walk us through the flow of I'm a validator. I set my withdrawals credential to this contract, this contract as x. Yeah, I think that would help kind of ground the conversation and what actually happens.
Speaker G: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. So there are two kinds of restaking we allow. One is native restaking, which is essentially you go and stake in Ethereum, and then you have a staking key and a withdrawal credential. You set the withdrawal credential to a smart contract, basically to the Eigen layer smart contracts. And in particular, inside the Eigen layer smart contract, you create your own zone or a pod called an eigenpod, which you control. And you basically set your withdrawal credential to that. Now the Eigen layer system thinks of you as having restaked. And then now you have the freedom to opt into new services. So what's a new service? So there's an Eigen layer set of smart contracts on Ethereum. And then there are service contracts. Anybody who's building new services writes a service contract and has a service off chain code. So imagine you're building a new consensus protocol. You basically have a get node and a prism node type of thing. For that. You ship it to people. This is off chain code written in arbitrary languages. They download and run it off chain on chain. You have the service contract, which has basically three kinds of conditions. One is registration conditions, how to register, or who's allowed to register into the rest, taking for that particular service. Then you have payment conditions, or if you validate x number of blocks or do x number of signatures, youll be paid x. And then the third one is slashing conditions. These three are returned into the service contracts. So youre not really giving power to anybody else. Youre giving power specifically to the service contract to enforce a certain kind of condition. And in the ideal eventual world, both eigen layer, the core contracts, will be immutable. And service contracts, as they ossify and become correct, could become immutable. And when you're opting in as a restaker, it is pretty much just fully algorithmic code that you're basically opting into. So that's the structure of the system. So essentially, as a staker, now you've set your withdrawal credentials. Why do you set your withdrawal credentials? Here is essentially you're adding one step in your withdrawal flow on the Eigen layer contracts you anyway, setting the withdrawal credential for your eigenpod to your own wallet. So essentially, it's just one more stop in the way of withdrawal. And the reason this is important is to impose any kind of slashing or negative penalties at the eigen layer level. You promise to do something, you promise to validate some other set of systems, and then you don't do it. Then these systems can enforce the system of positive or negative penalties, positive incentives and negative incentives.
Speaker D: There.
Speaker G: I just want to just state one more thing. Our eventual view is something like Eigen layer doesn't necessarily remain as a separate layer on top of Ethereum. Just like we had mev boost, and eventually it was understood what the right interfaces are, or it is getting understood what the right interfaces are, and it becomes part of a native PBS type system. We absolutely want to figure out how to make something like Eigen layer a default part of Ethereum. That would be our ideal end state, so as to minimize the accounting uncertainties between Ethereum itself and anything else that can be built on top. Our vision, like I said, is permissionless innovation. We want to enable anybody who wants to build new kinds of infrastructure in the space to come and build it. As long as that goal is met, we have achieved our goal.
Speaker B: Thanks. Yeah, I think this really helps ground the conversation and be a bit more specific going forward. I guess following from that, Jesse, you mentioned earlier, restaking is this really new primitive that builders should get excited about. When you hear this entire description, what are the hooks or the things on which you think builders should be spending their attention and trying to extend and whatnot?
Speaker E: Yeah, so in my spare time, I run some hacker houses, and just even from the hacker house applications and some of the residents that some projects that they're building, there's a few categories. One is with security. There's this project called Jacera that is a hacker that we're hosting. They're basically allowing restaked validators detect and perform emergency responses for protocols of their choice, whereby performing advanced validation checks on the protocol security. This part can be offloaded from the blockchain, performed off chain via commitments ensured by their collateral via restaking. Another example is a lot of mev projects. There's another project that is doing decentralized auction market selling. Users order flow to searchers, and in the process they want to essentially slash malicious participants stake who performs sandwich attacks. And this can be insured with Iguair, another project that we see this guy build. Restaking, WTF? It's essentially, instead of leveraging only ETH as collateral for re staking, you can essentially leverage any assets as collateral. And then he went on to build something else with objective, credible commitments via ZK, where validators actions that were previously non binding via just crypto economic security, for example, maybe like non inclusion of blocks, can now be made binding with ZK in a way where ZK would actually extend crypto economic security and in a way that scales. So I think if I have the intel correctly, maybe IgU has three stages, and there's one year away from actually launching middleware marketplace. I think a potential pattern or behavior that I observe is we may see faster experiments where restaking emerge where there is an allegiance of restaking protocols, meaning maybe five protocols out there are friends with each other and they want to essentially restake onto each other's network and share this security amongst themselves. I think that's a very interesting approach where risk is limited only to these set of protocols and they can launch these experiments much faster. I was told that this, this actually is happening on cosmos with mesh security where sovereign chains and roll ups are cross securing each other. But now we could potentially have this behavior on Ethereum and other ecosystems as well.
Speaker B: Got it. Thanks. I don't know, Vitalik or Dankrai, if either of you want to, maybe again, to make things more precise, based on this entire flow of eigen layer and what people build on top of it, what are the things that can break through this? What are the specific attack surfaces that we should be really concerned about and where we should maybe try and limit degrees of freedom?
Speaker F: Yeah, so I think I have basically two types of concerns. So one concern is the type of concern that I mentioned in my post about a month ago. Right. Like, basically where restaking in the sense of just like collateralizing or reusing your collateral for other applications kind of slides into restaking, in the sense of like, finding ways to sort of sneak other protocols into being enshrined as part of Ethereum in some way. And I think it's good to see that there's a desire from, you know, so many people across the spectrum here to try not to do that and to try to limit ways of getting into that. And then the second type of concern, I think. But I think it's important to stress that this is, like, not uniquely Eigen layer's fault. This is a discussion that stretches way beyond Eigen lay eigen layer. It also, you know, gets into lido. It also gets into, like, just the limits of the protocol itself, which is like, basically, you know, the erosion of solo staking. And how do we make sure that solo staking continues to be viable and competitive going forward? And that's a place where I think it's very possible to imagine ways in which all of these protocols can be designed in ways that are solo staker friendly. I think the biggest challenges tends to come in places where you're not just relying on staked collateral as what economists would call a hostage, you're relying on it as a deposit. So, like, a hostage is if you do something bad, it burns. The deposit is if you do something bad, then it compensates to people who get hurt. And one example of the deposit would be, if you look at something like rye, CDP backed stablecoin. For people holding the stablecoin to actually be safe, you need to actually have a deposit. It would be nice for that deposit to be staked, if so, that the interest rate, the return rate from holding the rye doesn't have to compete with the returns from staking. And instead you can stack the two on top of each other. But you would actually need this reliable guarantee that if there is a margin call, you actually get all of the eth out, instead of potentially getting some random amounts from zero to 32 of the eth out. And most of the time it's 30. But some of the time it could be much less. And it gets weird to. So that's like one of those kind of challenge points where I think there's a lot more room for thinking around protocol design. Right, but there's. But like, that's. Yeah, like, that's one particular application of restaking that's a little bit more challenging. And like, the challenge is basically that it also creates centralization risks because trustworthy stakers would be valued more by the system than untrustworthy stakers. Because trustworthy stakers would be much less likely to actually get slashed and creates reputation systems, reputation systems, weak decentralization and all of those things. I think it's. And then it's also important to remember that there's like a side to the whole solo versus centralized staking thing that ultimately the responsibility of the staking system itself. Right. Like, one simple example is like, probably the biggest reason why I personally am not like, just staking all of my ETH instead, like, staking a fairly small portion is because if you stake your ETH, it has to be like, the keys that access it have to be public on some system that's online. And like, for safety, it has to be a multisig. And multisigs for staking are still fairly difficult to set up. And it just gets complicated in a bunch of ways. And that's the sort of thing that probably could be improved through infrastructure. There's this entire other conversation of, if we want to make solar staking easier than there's just a lot of infrastructure work that needs to be done. That's independent of what all of these staking protocols do. But at the same time, there's definitely a lot of these problems wherever integration with restaking and better integration with oral turn delegation, all of these things can actually help a lot.
Speaker B: Thanks. Maybe another framing for this question as well is you mentioned, I guess, Stalin, that this is not just an eigen layer problem, it's a broader problem, and we see similar parts of it in lsts. But I'd be curious to maybe dig into this more. Like, are there specific concerns about eigen layers approach? And Sriram, don't worry, we'll give you some time after the response on this. But are there things with eigen layers specifically that have shifted us towards a slightly worse equilibrium rather than beside from just doing restaking? Yeah, let's start here. And I'm sure some follow ons from that.
Speaker F: Sorry. Can you kind of like.
Speaker B: Yeah, so, basically, is there something about Eigen layer's approach or design or, you know, like, way it's gone to market that beyond just the raw restaking risks that, like you mentioned, has, like, made.
Speaker F: Things worse ways that it's made things worse. Aside from just being restaking? Yeah, aside from being restaking. And so, like, specific decisions that the team has made or.
Speaker B: Yeah, or approaches. Because, like, you know, you mentioned, like. Or Sriram, you touched on this as well. You know, you've obviously thought about, like, how people are gonna be able to restake, you know, which are like, the first applications, how you think about your roadmap. So are there parts of that that, you know, could be better or could have been different? It's fine if there's not. Don't have to, like, find something.
Speaker F: Yeah, I can't think of any amazing answers.
Speaker B: I don't know if anyone.
Speaker D: I mean, I guess one thing that could be said is the accelerationist argument. Right? Like, Sriram, it just is here and it's accelerating the discussion. And I think one thing which would be, you know, very nice is if I. There also was an accelerationist effort for alignment. So I'm thinking maybe like an in house team that is just dedicated to alignment. And I think there's some catching up that we're doing within the affirm foundation in terms of building such a team. And plug, if you want to do restaking alignment research, do dm me.
Speaker G: Yes. We also want to organize an event at Devconnect in Istanbul. So that would be one. One place where we can discuss both alignment and applications. And we are very much open to this suggestion of actually building not only a team, but also a culture of alignment. I want to just address, like, one or two points that were brought up by Vitalik. One is on solo staking. I think one of the things we are doing before that, I want to phrase the scope of what we are doing at Eigen layer relative to general restaking. I think you could restake and reuse collateral in financial or other applications what Vitalik called deposit. You could restake and use only your collateral for promising that you are doing validation correctly. The so called hostage. I think that Vitalik referred to Eigen layers goal is to be a marketplace of decentralized trust, not a financial hypothecation platform for taking collateral stake in Ethereum and then using it in other ways. I think this is much more slippery slope and one has to go tread very carefully and 1 may ask how do you, Sriram or somebody else decide what set of use cases get built on the system? Again, there is the starting point and there is equilibrium for these systems. The starting point that we are taking is because new applications, when they are launched on eigen layer, their contracts may have bugs and other issues. One of the things we are building is that these be subject to a social layer inside of Eigen layer. We call this a slashing veto. The only role of the veto, the only role of the committee is to veto caching decisions. And initially, of course this would be like a single committee. But eventually this could be an inter subjective thing like relays, right? Relays. In the Ethereum ecosystem, anybody can be a relay. They just are a doubly trusted party. If a proposer agrees to a relay and a builder agrees to relay, they have a potential market making opportunity. In the same way they can emerge a marketplace of slashing vetoes where somebody can say, hey, we are a committee, we want to propose, participate in mediating these slashing veto decisions. And as long as the staker and the service are comfortable, you can actually make the market there. But the point is, whoever is doing this kind of a slashing veto also needs to onboard services because they have to veto the slashing. And so the way we restrict the scope of applications is first by Schelling point, the idea that we are actually only building a decentralized trust marketplace or a validation marketplace, not financial primitive. And number two, things like the slashing veto committee have the ability to onboard services. And eventually the way we think about it is when you're not very trusted, it's the same training wheels argument for rollups. So when you're building a roll up, initially you need to add training wheels, but eventually you move off and say that I don't need training wheels. Same thing. Services built on Eigen layer will eventually initially go through a slashing veto. Eventually, as they ossify, they will just say I don't need a slashing veto. And stakers can trust me, because I've been on this and running it for one year, two years. So they go to become completely non subjective. So that is the roadmap that we envision. And it is going to be very difficult to go beyond a certain credibility for services doing all kinds of random things and ransom attacks and other things to gain enough trust for stakers to put their own money at risk. There is no incentive misalignment at the staker level. The staker doesn't want to lose their money to a ransom attack, and they're not going to stake to services which have not established enough credible trust or are fully immutable and programmable that they can actually verify. So anyway, that's a couple of points. One final point on decentralization is, I think Dankra mentioned this a little bit, which is how potentially Eigen layer could help decentralization. If you remove Eigen layer from the equation for liquid staking, the only benefit was in DeFi applications and the only yield was coming from that. And I think this has very strong centralization tendencies, whereas what Eigen layer is doing is try to establish a decentralization or decentralized trust marketplace where there may be a premium to be paid for decentralization itself. Because if people value decentralized nodes for doing validation, they could say, I only want to recruit the non centralized nodes for my service. And this can lead to additional yield for home stakers who might want to run lightweight services across spectrum. So that's a few points on how we are thinking about both alignment and decentralization.
Speaker B: Thanks. And I guess Justin, you were saying you're talking about in house alignment teams. I feel like maybe the broader version of that. What should the Ethereum community be doing now as a whole to ensure restaking is aligned? And there's different angles this can take, but it could be building different competing lsts restaking protocols like we start to see on the LST front. There's the whole area of around protocol changes, and then there's also middleware things we've seen Mev Boost, I guess pretty much from everyone here. If you have any ideas or suggestions to the broader Ethereum community of which paths should we be pursuing in parallel to maybe Eigen layer accelerating the restaking future so that we don't get caught.
Speaker D: By surprise, I'm happy to take this. For me personally, there's three prongs. The first one is to just build a team and build the culture around it. And I think the culture will come from an awareness of the risks. I think maybe that we could spend a whole podcast on what are the restaking risks and really flesh those out so that there is a public consciousness. And then a second big prong of my research is around insurance, the nuclear option. If things go really, really bad, can we redesign Ethereum proof of stake in minimal ways such that we can neuter restaking? And I'm happy to say that the answer is probably yes, at least for trustless restaking, which is punitive, which has slashing. So that is something that makes me sleep better at night, that we have this card in the back pocket.
Speaker B: Can you explain how that would work? Just high level for our listeners? Yeah.
Speaker D: Right. So there's two ways to unlock trustless restaking. One is through withdrawal contracts, which is what Eigen layer is doing. And then the other way is to basically bootstrap yourself on top of the existing slashing conditions, either using hardware, but maybe even trustlessly using very fancy cryptography called witness encryption. Now, on the withdrawal contract side of things, what we can do is we can actually make the withdrawal contract updatable. And the reason why we didn't make it updatable by the staking key was that, but if your staking key gets compromised, then the most that you can lose is just the one eth because you get slashed. And so the ransom attack is very, very limited. And so actually you still hold custody of your funds. But what will happen with restaking is that you're going to be max exposed to slashing. If you mess up, you're potentially going to lose the 32 e for some very large portion. And so the separation between the staking key and the withdrawal key is not that valuable. And so making it updatable could be a way to basically neuter restaking. And by the way, it also solves another problem, which is liquid staking token. So in that sense, it is really a nuclear option. And there would have to be a whole migration path, which might take several years. But if we do see that restaking, it doesn't lead to, to good equilibriums, then we at least have that option. And then the second thing that we can do is basically remove the ability to bootstrap on the slashing conditions. By removing the slashing conditions. Basically, I discovered a couple of weeks ago this amazing cryptographic primitive called one shot signatures. Basically, one shot signatures allow you to sign a message once, and then the staking key magically destroys itself. And you can think, okay, how is that possible? And the. You mean the signing key, right? You said the signing key.
Speaker B: Okay, yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah.
Speaker D: The signing key, the staking key, the secret key, destroys itself. And the way that it's. It's done is basically by combining existing cryptography with quantum mechanics. So, in quantum mechanics, you could have your secret key be a superposition of states. And then there's a theorem in kind of quantum mechanics called the no cloning theorem, whereby if you have an unknown superposition of things, you can't clone this quantum object. And then the way that you sign the message is by measuring the secret key by collapsing it and thereby destroying it. So you can only sign one single message. Now, everything else is just as normal. The signature itself is classical. And so really, it's a potential future upgrades for removing the slashing conditions. Now, one of the things, I guess worth mentioning is that you get 80% of the neutering from the withdrawal credentials. And the reason is that the slashing conditions are kind of limited, right. If only a few validators get slashed around the same amount of time, they only lose a very small amount of eth. They only really start kicking in when there's this mass slashing going on. And so you get 80% of the benefits just by removing the withdrawal contracts or making it updatable, which is very easy to do. And then the last 20%, it may be a couple of decades, we can remove with very, very fancy cryptography.
Speaker E: So I guess I have more vanilla idea. Building on top of what Vitalik said about reputation systems, I think. I think this is much more maybe easily built some sort of reputation dashboard where it's either built in house by restaking protocols or by third parties, where all three parties in the marketplace, the stakers, the validators, and the middlewares that require staking, would essentially get reputation points for the stakers you could bench on the amount of time they've staked. I think Igler is already doing something like this with re staked points. You could have a retroactive calculation based on their on chain or even off chain behaviors of that staker address. On this validator's end, you could display things like amount of uptime they've been running and some sort of effectiveness rating, like the rated.net work. I think there's a website that display this metric where maybe the bad validators not only get slashed, but also get decrease in the reputation points, where they would maybe lose priority access to other middlewares. And then the good validators would then be rewarded with reputation points, incentivizing them to behave more honestly reliably for the longer term and last but not least for the middlewares that are actually requiring restaking. I think it's very, very important to displace the sort of the security measures that this protocol has taken, whether it's through. Are they done with auditing, do they have monitoring like risk monitoring, or is there circuit breakers in place, et cetera, et cetera. What are their slashing criteria, their slashable quota, the amount of eth you can actually slash, what is actually the hardware, etcetera, things that you, you very like, I think directly display for the users, whether they are individual stakers or the protocols, to participate in such network where I think something like this would incentivize people to play repeated games with each other as opposed to one off malicious games.
Speaker B: Sriram, you have any thoughts on.
Speaker G: Yeah, I mean, in terms of alignment, I think one of the things that I think about a lot is how do we make the Ethereum protocol layer one by itself have a self sustained system of karma? The action and consequence at the layer one are fully taken care of, so we don't really have to worry about these extraneous fixes. What are the things that we care about for Ethereum as a layer one? We want to make sure the system is safe and the system slide. These are the two fundamental things. And I think rethinking a little bit deeper, what can we do to actually make sure that it doesnt matter who builds what on top of it, there is no externality because the system has internally consistent punishment. And I think ill just give two quick examples of things that weve been thinking about. One is on safety. One of the things is how much security budget is sufficient for Ethereum itself. On the layer one. Right now, it equilibrates due to the rewards curve and what the market is happy with. The returns on it doesnt equilibrate to how much security is actually needed on Ethereum because thats unmeasurable right now. Is it possible to actually build mechanisms where this information is solicited in some kind of like an incentive compatible way? So that's one example. And this may be things like a portion of the slash funds from the Ethereum l one is allocated as insurance to harmed parties. So that harmed parties, potentially harmed parties, have a way to actually go and buy this insurance. So what we can start doing there is establishing markets which can try to understand the security needs kind of more natively. That's number one on the safety side. On the liveness side, again, one of the most important things is how to make sure that we have a system that doesn't have censorship. And I think this is something, part of the main reason we worry about decentralization is that decentralization leads to censorship resistance, and what are the kind of checks and balances that we can place on censorship itself? I think again here, by thinking a little bit more about what we can do here. For example, how do you make censorship easily observable by the vast array of wallets which could then become light nodes which are monitoring the system. Can we make censorship observable there? I think we have a bunch of new ideas coming up there, so that when you want to slash some block proposals for not only not including the transaction, but also not attesting on other people's blocks which include the transaction, I think this is if you can slash people and very quickly detect and come to social consensus that actually censorship is happening not only in proposal, but also in attesting. The faster we can come to a social consensus, the easier it is to impose, like UASF and other things, to actually slash censorship. So by making the ethereum l one much more powerful and self contained, we simply don't have to worry about what anybody else is doing anywhere, thus actually unleashing way more activity. So that's at least my hopes and dreams for where this would go.
Speaker B: And I'm curious to hear from the folks on the EF research side, how do you think about the protocol complexity associated with something like that, which is obviously the main thing we have to consider in those changes?
Speaker F: I feel like I've definitely slowly becoming more okay with enshrining more things than I was five years ago. I remember the dream in the early versions of account abstraction is basically that the base protocol would just define a call and the transaction would just be a call, and everything else would be defined at higher layers. And account abstraction, for example, is really starting to move away from that. And the reasons why it's moving away from that is because we realized that we want to guarantee fairness of the mempool, guarantee censorship, resistance of user transactions, and all of these other goals. And being able to guarantee those goals does require having more legibility into the structure that's getting used to agree on what transactions are getting included. And so for that reason, more types of enshrining make sense. And then there's other kinds of enshrining that Justin and various people have talked about, like even and enshrining Zke VM verification at some point, if that's the way to reduce costs or reduce code risks for roll ups, for example, or potentially other aspects of the protocol. So if adding more like more features to the base staking protocol reduces the risk that weird stuff happens on l two, then Orlando, I think that is something that we should be open to.
Speaker B: Justin, thank you. Any thoughts?
Speaker D: I guess one of the difficulties is that you need to have adoption of this enshrined infrastructure. And I guess with restaking, if you don't activate the nuclear option, then there's always sneaky ways to avoid this enshrined infrastructure. But what I am hopeful will happen is that we will see what I call a generalized PBS infrastructure come to play. So, PBS proposed builder separation is this really amazing thing, because it basically allows solo stakers to delegate most of the work to builders. And so the builders are extremely sophisticated, they could be centralized, whatever it is. But 99% of the sovereignty remains with the validator, 99% of the rewards also remain with the validator. And then 99% of the work that needs to be done is delegated away trustlessly. And this is the keyword, is like trustless delegation. And I think what we can do is basically come up with this framework where most restaking applications would play well in this generalized PBS. So we'd have generalized builders and generalized blocks, and would have generalized relays, and generalized slashing conditions, and generalized inclusion lists. And all of that can be generalized. And that is kind of the happy path where we really delicately thread the needle and don't fall into this dystopia, where we have the trusted delegation at mass scale. But there's a lot that needs to happen for that. One is a lot of engineering work, even PBS and entry and PBS, that's just focused for one restaking application, which is the execution layer, that's already a humongous amount of work. And so doing it for a whole class of restaking applications will be very difficult. I think another thing that needs to happen is basically social norms and social education. We need to understand as a community, as developers, as users, that it is beneficial to fit within this framework. And so if you have kind of stray restaking applications that don't fit within this framework, then, then maybe they should suffer competitively relative to others that do. Then I think another really important component, and here is more of a wait and see, is what are the economic forces at play. So really what we want is the staking yield for institutions to be no greater than the staking yield for solid validators. So what is likely going to happen, unfortunately, is that there's going to be, we're going to lose this property of fairness. So if you put one unit of stake, some amount of eth, different people, different stakers are going to get different returns. Now, the reason is that there's going to be some restaking applications that only going to cater for institutions. So for example, if there's a resting application that can only support 1000 nodes, well, we have hundreds of thousands of validators. And so in order to become a node, you need to come in as multiple validators, as a lump. And so if you only have 32 eth, then you're not even eligible to this restaking application. But the good news is that there might be some restaking applications that are kind of anti institutional. Some of them may be because they really want to tap into this decentralization. But some of them, one of the things I've been thinking about is Ponzi games. If you have some sort of ponzi games or Doc token or whatever it is, then the institutions, the buttoned up coinbases and blackrocks or whatever it is, they're not going to touch it. Weirdly enough, I've become bullish on Ponzi games in the context of restaking.
Speaker B: Wow, Dakraj just gave a few.
Speaker C: Well, I mean, yeah, don't want to encourage the last part, that's my least favorite part of crypto. But generally, like, I think my comment on like trying to enshrine and putting something into good rails, I think it's possible actually, and we should be doing more of it. I think this is like a great point to start thinking about it. Like how can we, how can we kind of take more active control of how people use the protocol? And I think if you give something that gives most of the economic rewards, then people will accept it and will not build around it. And then you can actually make some opinionated decisions inside the protocol and try to avoid the worst.
Speaker B: Yeah, this is. Oh, go ahead.
Speaker F: One other thing I would add is that if we want to add more kind of cherries on top to encourage solo staking, then there is always is off protocol things that we can do to encourage it. Like even things like if some off chain mechanism detects and verifies that you're a solo staker, you get a free Defcon ticket or something similar.
Speaker G: I think the strongest such mechanism would be that basically Justin mentioned in a bankless podcast earlier that hey, if you're a solo staker and you restake, you might actually get like an air drop, which is kind of disproportionate to not just like the amount of eat, but also to individual units using some kind of a quadratic mechanism there, for example. So I think there are, so the subjectivity layer. So the way we think about like restaking is this, you know, the platform itself would need to be neutral, but there is a lot of inter subjectivity like services building on top can express their own subjective views on what, what the important dimensions are. And I think that is, that is a new, I think, new powerful thing where the society and the community can guide where that energy goes. And I think, you know, the EF researchers and team has a big role to play there.
Speaker B: Yeah, I had a question around the enshrining and potential neuterings of these protocols. I feel like this is a topic that comes up over and over where we see this with obviously liquid staking tokens. There's a whole question around should roll ups be enshrined and to what extent and what components? And now with restaking, and there's almost like a paradox around credible neutrality there where if you make these protocol changes to keep things more credibly neutral, but then end up in a way censoring what is one of the largest users of the protocol because we fear that it becomes a monopoly. That's also a form of non neutrality of the Ethereum base layer. If we do a protocol change at Neuters Eigen layer or neuters lido or neuters arbitrum, because there's this fear that it's growing too big, then effectively it's a weird form of censorship in that. I'm curious, how do you think about doing these changes or potentially doing them in a way that's maybe less adversarial or potentially risky to, like not only in the, in the restaking context, but generally people who want to build something that's going to end up being used by, like most Ethereum users. Yeah.
Speaker C: So my opinion would be this, that we should establish a social norm here, that building on Ethereum, on Ethereum, like building smart contracts, protocols on top of that should be, we should almost never touch that. I mean, it would be in a very extreme, very rare situation. But messing with the staking layer is a different matter. Like for example, if lots of validators start censoring, we do want the ability to intervene. And so I think it would be a good signal to send. Yes, we might be opinionated on what you do on the staking layer, and that might include messing with your protocol and destroying it.
Speaker B: Justin Vitalik, I don't know if you.
Speaker D: Have thoughts on it I mean, for Lido specifically, one of the amazing consequences of the one shot signatures that I mentioned is that you can do trustless delegation. So you can imagine a system like Lido where you don't have to trust the 29 operators in any way. And that would basically give us all the advantages of Lido, which is the liquid staking and really none of the downsides for restaking specifically. I don't have the silver bulletin right now, so it's kind of more of a hope for the best and embrace things, and things go well and kind of, if things don't go well, then neuter it.
Speaker F: Yeah, I mean, I think. I mean, the other thing I add is that it's always, you know, important to be careful about neutering things and to, you know, create kind of maximally clear norms about, like, what isn't an okay situation and what starts looking like a very not okay situation that requires some kind of action. And, you know, hopefully the very not okay situation is something that ends up happening zero times.
Speaker B: Yeah. And I'd say, I think one spot where we're doing a decent job at this is around, like, MeV Boost. This does feel like something wherever I, although far from perfect, having had the mev teams actively contribute to it, having had, obviously, ultrasound relay and infrastructure that's been built around it. Seems like this, I wouldn't call it an equilibrium quite yet, but it seems like we've at least created a semi stable middleware that we can have both private companies and protocol contributors work on and test some of the incentives at play, obviously see some of the issues with the sort of shortcuts that we're taking to make this possible. A bit outside of the protocol, but yeah. Justin, I don't know. Do you have thoughts from just more to, like, collaboration and engineering process of like, having done this around MeV Boost and relays, sort of outside the protocol to start as we go towards PBS.
Speaker D: Right. So I guess one thing that I believe is that there's never a rush. Right. We always have a lot of time to discuss these big changes. And part of the reason is that proof of stake has an inbuilt healing mechanism. So if the worst were to happen, mass censorship or reversion of finality or whatever it is, we have ways to identify the cancer and excise it from the system using either automatic systems or using the social layer. And because we have time, that means that we can experiment with solutions that are off chain, as you said, and those might be good enough. Now, one of the, I think things we should be striving for is doing all sorts of upgrades that have very little downsides. And so we should be using this time to think of endgames that are maximally simple, maximally optimal, so that once we do the change, then we don't have to do it again. And I think another thing that's important is around timing. So a lot of the future upgrades of Ethereum are actually security upgrades, but they're hidden in the back pocket, and if and when they start becoming problematic. So, for example, secret single leader election, that's something we've been working on for years, and we haven't really prioritized it, because we haven't seen validators being ddos, despite the fact that their identity and their ip address is public. But if and when this were to happen, this is something we can prioritize. I guess. Another thing in terms of timing is around making use of sunk cost. And so more specifically, I think there's going to be this massive upgrade to Ethereum that's going to come maybe in ten years time, 15 years time, 20 years time, I don't know, around making Ethereum post quantum. And there we really need to rip the band aid and remove a lot of the cryptographic guts of Ethereum and make them post quantum. And this is a great opportunity to put into place all the upgrades that we've wanted to put in place, because we're going to be changing everything anyway. So might as well make a firm close to. As close, as perfect as we can.
Speaker G: I have a quick thought to add to Justin on his worry about restaking in the post one shot quantum one shot signature world. I think there's no use for restaking. Rest taking was there to underwrite trust in distributed validation? If you could have distributed validation already certified by one shot signatures, it don't need, at least my own goals would be satisfied. So I think because it's taking what's there to underwrite trust in certain kinds of correctness, and if it's already kind of comes out of that quantum principle. So other people, not only ethereum, that will be beneficiary of it, other systems they want to build on top of are also beneficiaries of the same thing.
Speaker D: Yeah, that's a great point, that these one shot signatures remove equivocation. And so a huge subset of restaking applications no longer really become meaningful because you can just do them with pure cryptography. But there's these two other things that still remain. One is liveness, and the other one is non determinism and subjectivity. If you're building oracles, for example, you can't use pure determinism and pure, pure cryptography.
Speaker B: Sriram, were you gonna say something?
Speaker G: Sorry, no. Just one more thing on things like letting staking key change, withdrawal keys, is, I think there are complex second order effects that may emerge with these kinds of things, which may lead us to exactly the opposite of the goal. For example, it may just end up that if that's the case, I can only delegate to somebody who's really trusted, and everybody delegates to the same party, and it's just going to be like. So, you know, we all know here that we don't know the second order effects of any of these systems, including restaking. And we just need to kind of bones off each of those ideas and to find what the best take for the space and theorem.
Speaker B: Thanks. Yeah, I think this is a good place to start wrapping up. Maybe as a closing question, I'd love to hear from each of you in, like, a minute or so. Like, any thoughts or change in perspectives you've had from this conversation or things that you'd like the community to take away. Jesse, you want to kick us off?
Speaker E: Sure thing. Yeah. I am pretty excited, because I think previously, a lot of the protocols are secured by multisigs. And whether it's crypto economic security or it's security guaranteed by cryptography, I think it's huge step up to much better security. And I would argue that, like Justin said, crypto economic security plus cryptography are kind of the most comprehensive solution for both deterministic versus non deterministic results that you kind of want to get. And I have. I'm publishing some thoughts on a lot of questions regarding restaking, but overall, I think I'm pretty bullish. I think Eigenlor realizes the full value of Ethereum. The large trust layer is much more explicit than discussing staking, providing security to the network. And Eigen layer makes that relationship to security much more explicitly.
Speaker B: Awesome.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, I think the takeaway for me is we need to, like, at the same time, be careful, but also, like, probably be nimble and see how we need to develop both social norms and the protocol in the face of this. And it's a similar situation that we faced a few years ago with Mev, and something new has added to our table, and we need to handle it.
Speaker B: Thanks, Vitalik.
Speaker F: Yeah, I mean, I think same thoughts as everyone else. I think there's a lot of value in using staked ETh in other protocols. And, I mean, like, I personally continue to want to see stable coins work like the decentralized stablecoins have competitive rates and so if like that use case can somehow be figured out in particular then like that would make me very happy. Though Im definitely bullish on other kinds of restaking as well, but at the same time making sure that staking decentralization gets preserved as well as the neutrality of the protocol is super important. So glad to see that were all facing the challenge.
Speaker B: Thanks Justin.
Speaker D: Yeah, I would echo what Vitalik said, especially on the stablecoins. One of the ways where restaking can help is to build just much better oracles. Right now the oracles that we have are basically multisigs. So for example Chainlink. I believe the ETH USD Oracle is a 21 out of 31 multisig. Can we build an oracle which reuses to a large extent the economic security of a firm layer? One I guess another thought that I have is around maybe the evolving role of researchers. We've been doing crypto economics for a long time, but maybe to an extent we're going to move to metal economics. What I mean by that is that there's some things that are really rooted at the social layer with humans. There's this whole education thing, but there's also the social norms, for example, of not encroaching on the social governance. The whole post around that Vitalik wrote. And then another question that I've been wondering is, is what is the value of decentralization? Because there is one possible scenario which is that we lose decentralization with restaking, but it doesn't actually matter. And maybe decentralization is only a bootstrapping mechanism to gain credible neutrality. Up until the point where we basically have technology, we have systems that don't rely so much on decentralization of the operators. Specifically, we still need decentralization of the nodes, but if the operators are basically handcuffed, they can't do censorship because we have inclusion lists and they can't do any of the other bad stuff, then maybe we only need decentralization for the memes because it looks good. But once we've won, once Ethereum is a $100 trillion settlement layer for the incentive value, then maybe the value of decentralization goes down a little bit.
Speaker B: Thanks Sriram. Want to close this off?
Speaker G: Yeah, no, I think, I'm really glad that we are having these discussions in understanding what the constraints and the contours around systems that can be kind of built around this are. I think there are clearly, I think, going back to my own theme, which is open innovation. There is a tension between open innovation and security or safety. And one of the things that excites me is finding new things that actually satisfies both of these things. It's very safe, but it's also expands the scope of innovation. One of the things that we have like this is the idea that anybody can build new consensus protocols, like arbitrary consensus protocols. But the slashing condition is very simple. It's just don't double sign. And on the node we have a separate zone we call an anti slasher, where you check that you've never signed two signatures. Now you can, as a node operator you don't need to trust any of these special node software that you're adding on, because the anti slasher is the only thing that you need to trust. And it's simple and it is universal across a whole class of applications. Now anybody can write new like BFT protocols, you know, consensus protocols, and you can just like download and run them without even having any program integrity on them because you already checked the slashing contract, which is just a double signing contract, and you have an anti slasher. Maybe this anti slasher runs inside a trusted execution environment. So even if somebody delegates to you, they have kind of a sense of assurance that they are never getting slashed. So finding examples like this is what gives me kind of hope that the set of constraints and the set of like things that we want to do are not completely intentioned, that there's no use case, no interesting thing that can be done. There's actually a large class of useful and interesting things. And my own interest in actually starting Eigen layer was because we had new consensus protocols. As long as we can start enabling other people to start coming up with these new things and building it, I think that's already super interesting.
Speaker B: Amazing. Well, thank you all for coming on. David, do you want to wrap us up? Yeah.
Speaker A: Guys, that was a fantastic conversation. I really enjoyed sitting in on the background for that one. And Tim, thank you for guiding us down this rabbit hole so well. I think this answered a decent number of questions, but also opened up the doors for further questions, further exploration. There's a lot of surface area here for conversation, so hopefully the listeners are routed to the spots that interest them the best and that they can contribute to the most. And Tim, I also want to give you a chance. What are your reflections on this episode? That was, what are your thoughts floating around?
Speaker B: I don't have much time to think through as I'm doing this, but I have about five, six pages of notes from the conversation here. So I'll get back to you after the show. But I think we should definitely do one of these again in twelve or 18 months, once we've seen this go into production at scale and some more. Yeah, just more evolution in the space.
Speaker A: Well, like we like to say on bankless, we like to front run the opportunity. And so hopefully this conversation gives us a little preview of what could be in the future when it comes to restaking. Tim, once again, thank you for guiding this conversation. And Jesse, Justin, Vitalik, Sriram Dankrad, thank you for all being here. The largest panel that we've ever had. That went pretty damn well, I'd say.
Speaker F: Thank you, too.
Speaker D: Thank you.
Speaker A: You know the deal. Crypto is risky, staking is risky, restaking is even more risky. You can lose what you put in. But we are headed west. This is the frontier. It's not for everyone. But we are glad you are with us on the bankless journey. Thanks a lot.
