Speaker A: Brian, I want to talk about the blobs. I want to talk about how optimism is using the blobs. I want to talk about how Starknet's using the blobs. Arbitrum is using the blobs in a very special way. So we're going to talk about that. We're just going to talk about the blobs. We're going to talk about Blob space. We're going to talk about the blob contention. There's a new phrase just dropped. Blob contention. Gets me all hot and bothered. I'm pretty excited about blobs, Ryan, I can't talk to you enough about blobs.
Speaker B: Well, this is going to turn into a blob cast. I could tell bankless nation it's the third week of March.
Speaker A: Blob week. It's Blob week. The blob week of March. Blobs everywhere.
Speaker B: Yeah, Dave, we gotta talk about the blobs because this is Ethereum shipping, an absolutely major upgrade. Would you say this is the biggest upgrade since the merge?
Speaker A: Biggest upgrade, second biggest upgrade ever. Biggest one being the merge, yeah. Now we have Blobspace on Ethereum in addition to some other cool stuff that is in the Ethereum protocol. Now it's really EIP 4844 that is now fully a part of the Ethereum protocol, enshrining blob space into the protocol itself, allowing layer twos to become super fast. All the layer twos are celebrating and boasting their super speedy, super quick, super cheap transactions, transactions across the optimistic roll ups right now. Like even some of the more complex stuff are $0.00.
Speaker B: Oh my God, they are.
Speaker A: $0.00 feels so good. Will it last? Is the big question, is this just a short blip in time on blob space or is this going to be the new meta in Ethereum layer twos?
Speaker B: That's a good question for sure. So we're going to talk about all of that. Also, bitcoin hit another all time high this week. A legit David Hoffman all time high. You did not dispute this all time high. Are you capitulating right? Bitcoin all time high.
Speaker A: I'm not capitulating, I'm declaring. The all time high has been hit.
Speaker B: By it past David's line.
Speaker A: Okay, where dollar 3000 or something?
Speaker B: Also Eth tipped over 4k. We're going to talk about that. Also, I want to talk to you too about the wider context of this. Where are we in the cycle? How early is it? The forever question and also, are we going to get this Ethereum ETF a bit of banter on that. Justin Drake says yes.
Speaker A: Other people say no. Ethereum is getting its first restaked layer two. Another layer two on Ethereum. As if we needed any more. Just kidding. We need all of them. But it's a layer two with new superpowers. Who is building it? What to expect? Also, some things in the Solana world. Tensor has announced their tokenization. The biggest protocols on Solana is basically the blur for Solana. Very hyped. They're getting their token jitto on Solana, also getting rid of its mempool. Turns out Solana discovers Mev is a thing. And also a crypto project is going to be on the Vegas sphere. So maybe that Ryan answers a little bit about where we are in this cycle. And then also the bankless podcast gets its fourth birthday ever. So something special for bankless podcast enjoyers. It's not the only birthday on the podcast today, Ryan. Sup?
Speaker B: What? Is it my birthday today?
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker B: You noticed.
Speaker A: That's a question to you, brother.
Speaker B: I have a question for you. Okay, so a mysterious package arrived on my front porch this morning, okay? And it was addressed to not Ryan Sean Adams. It was addressed to Ryan dad Adams. Okay. And I have a thought to myself, who in the world would do this? Like, it looks like it was a package from Herman Miller. I was like, did one of my kids see that? And I'm like, no, my kids can't afford a Herman Miller piece of furniture. Like, what is this? So I brought it inside. Still, like, having no idea who actually sent me this, but I'm thinking, David, and we haven't talked about this yet, I'm thinking it may have been you. And what awaits me in that package is a brand new chair.
Speaker A: Can you show the podcast viewers the chair that you have been sitting on four years since the inception of this goddamn company? Take it, step back and show just, like, the absolute lack of lumbar support that this fucking stool has. David, for the podcast listeners, this is like a counter height stool for your kitchen. It's a renegade took from somewhere else in his house. And he's like, oh, I need a chair for my office. And has not invested in his lumbar spine whatsoever.
Speaker B: That's literally how it happened. This is just a chair from another place in my house. And every time we talked about this, you've been absolutely incredulous. You've been like, Ryan, when are you getting a new chair? When are you gonna do this. So you just sent me one. Thanks, man. I appreciate this. So what am I getting? What awaits me in the package?
Speaker A: It's a Herman Miller embodied chair. It's the one that I use. It is a very fun chair. You get to bounce around on it. It curves up your spine. You get to sit on it all day. I don't know how your spine doesn't hurt.
Speaker B: That's expensive. You spent some money on this, David. It must be a bull market.
Speaker A: It was a company expense.
Speaker B: All right? That would have a comfort, spending our money. I appreciate it for my spine. I'm sure my spine appreciates that as well.
Speaker A: Oh, my God.
Speaker B: I appreciate you. Hey, no, no, no. I wanna talk one more thing with you because this is in your apartment. All right. This is the plant wall. Tell us about the plant wall. I'm showing it on screen.
Speaker A: Happy birthday, Ryan, and happy birthday from the bankless nation.
Speaker B: Thanks for the chair. Bankless nation.
Speaker A: Thanks for the.
Speaker B: Appreciate that. All right, so what are we looking at here? I have noticed in your background some on kind of the left side.
Speaker A: My left kind of green.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, it's getting a bit more green. And I remember in the 2021 cycle, like, you were in your San Diego apartment, it just kept getting more and more green every. Every day that we would do a podcast until your entire back, like, a part of your apartment, was covered with plants.
Speaker A: Yeah. You actually.
Speaker B: Are you doing this again?
Speaker A: Yeah, slightly off camera, actually. So there are some plants that have made it on camera, but you can see the wall of plants that is just to the left of the. The reason why this became relevant is because me and Ryan were prepping for the show this morning, and then my circuit breaker pops, and I just go completely dark. And it's because, like, I have these studio lights, um, for podcasting for whenever I want to do an in person podcast. But they are also, like, very powerful, uh, plant grow lights. Uh, and so I have them, like, turned on and pointed to my plants because, like, why the hell not? But then they're also really hot, and it's a solid 69 degrees in New York right now. Nice. Uh, and my apartment gets very, very sunny. And so I had to turn on my air conditioning in. What is it? Marsh? And so between the grow lights and the air conditioning and my computer, the circuit breaker pops, uh, and I just, like, disappeared on. On Ryan during prep for the show.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's. You're in a negative flywheel there. If you have more plants, more lights, more heat, more air conditioning, more electricity, these things could keep happening, David. Anyway, I'm really excited about your plant collection, and I want to.
Speaker A: I'm really excited about your chair.
Speaker B: We'll keep the bankless nation updated on those two things.
Speaker A: Plants and shares. Yeah.
Speaker B: Speaking of updates, can you tell them about. All right, David, tell us about bitcoin all time highs because we have officially crossed David Hoffman's bar to all time highs. Thank you for tweeting that at me. I appreciate knowing from you that we had hit bitcoin all time highs. I think it happened maybe sometime Sunday, something like this.
Speaker A: Yeah, it was on Sunday. Where are we on the week currently at 71,200. Started the week at 67,400, up 5.5. A modest 5.5% on the week. Did you know, Ryan, that actually we've had one red week in the last seven weeks and it was only a down 1% week that week? We are up 70% on bitcoin in seven weeks. On the note of calling all time highs, I did think this one YouTube comment from last week was pretty funny, which is like, maybe the guy who doesn't own any bitcoin doesn't get to call when the bitcoin all time highs are, which I do understand. I do take that point.
Speaker B: Bankless owns bitcoin. Unless you all of it on my chair here. But we sell some bitcoin. So buy proxy, you own bitcoin. Okay, well, that's exciting. So we are in uncharted territory. Uh, bitcoin's been going up, only this is why people are actually asking, are we going to have a reversion to some, some local mean here? So maybe we'll get to that in a little bit. But another thing to celebrate is bitcoin actually surpassed the market cap. The total value of silver this week. It's down a hair below.
Speaker A: Down below it.
Speaker B: But look at this next.
Speaker A: It'll get there.
Speaker B: It'll get there.
Speaker A: So silver is, is a thing of the past. And like next week, well, silver is.
Speaker B: 1.4 trillion and bitcoin, uh, is 1.4 trillion as well. So silver must just have a decimal edge here.
Speaker A: Silver has 80 million more dollar market cap than bitcoin.
Speaker B: Wow. The number two asset. So I guess bitcoin is gold. Silver then. Litecoin has nothing to do with this, huh, David?
Speaker A: That's right. Well, litecoin has always been irrelevant. It's just taken time for the market.
Speaker B: To realize that this is Dan McArdle keeping receipts as always. He says this. They tried to tell you bitcoin outperformance was a one time thing due to 0% in government stimulus checks. But this is the long term scoreboard. Look at all of that green, David. This is year by year bitcoin returns versus gold versus s and p 500. And if you kind of compare it. Yeah, that's a 14 year return of 2.4 billion% on bitcoin.
Speaker A: We have some measurement subjectivity going on here, but the point still stands that, like, bitcoin has been the greatest investment compared to all traditional investments since its incession.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Over the past year, it only was really bad if you got in at 20, 2017, 2021, and maybe in 2025.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, a lot of people just missed out on, I think, once in a lifetime gains by just fading crypto too early and thinking it's a me, thinking it's a meme, think it's a scam, think it's a ponzi. The tulip mania thing has cost a lot of people a lot of money, I would say. Let's flip over to ETH. What's ETH looking like on the week?
Speaker A: ETH starting the week at 38. 40, up 1%. Up dollar 40 on the week. You know, actually, ETH price action was more exciting than that. Really accounts for, like, we got up to $4,200, $4,100. But we are basically down around full circle to where we started the week. $3,880.
Speaker B: Well, that above four k, I mean, 4k is kind of a round number here. We haven't been that high since, like, for two years. It's been over two years since we've seen that.
Speaker A: We spent very little time, Ethan spent very little time above $4,000.
Speaker B: Yeah. Look at this. Like, a brief period in May. It looks like May 2021, and then a brief period between November 21.
Speaker A: Yeah, November to January, I think, into January.
Speaker B: So can I ask you so we can have consensus on this? David, what is the ETH all time high number? What? Like, what is kind of where. When will you celebrate hitting ETH all time highs?
Speaker A: I think the true accurate number is somewhere in the 4900, low 4900 ish, if I remember correctly. Like high 488, low four 9000. But it's really. We got to go for the round numbers. So it was 70,000 for bitcoin, 5000 for ETH. Once it hits 5000, equipment, like, we've hit a new round number.
Speaker B: So you're playing hard mode. You don't want to call a specific, you know, 4800, something like this. By the way, that's coingecko all time high price, 4850 or something like this. You want to just square it up to five k and then you celebrate.
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: I want to see five number. Come on. Like, the new all time high is going to be something like 1520k. So I'm not going to just, like, get excited about the difference between $4,880 and five. I'm just going to go for 5015 to 20k.
Speaker B: Wow. Dude, I can't wait for that. Look at this. This is global crypto market cap. We are at 2.82 trillion fast, moving really fast. And this is, like, getting close to all time highs. Yeah. So look at this. We hit 3 trillion. Just very briefly, 3 trillion. We're almost there.
Speaker A: We're basically there. Yeah.
Speaker B: All right. Does this worry you? Does it feel like it's happening too soon?
Speaker A: No, I am not worried generally about frothiness or anything until I will start to be worried about, like, the teetering ness of the market and the paper gains of the market after ETF inflows. Stop being insane. Until further notice, you are allowed to be as bullish as you want to be until the ETF flows, like wean and there's no sign of them weening whatsoever.
Speaker B: So how far are we in the bull market, do you think? I mean, are we entering into the second half, would you say? Are we still in the first half, or are we, like, are we actually top signaling and things are kind of starting to flash.
Speaker A: The thing is, we got one year of top signals from 2021 to 2022, and there were still plenty of gains to be made after top signal started to come. I had the same conversation with micah Bolido on the podcast not too long ago when we were like, it was the beginning of the fourth inning. About is kind of what we said, but it also really depends on when you started counting the bull market. And I think we are in the beginning of the fourth inning if you count a very early bull market, and it's a very long game, I think really the Jito airdrop on Solana and then the Solana defi summer is kind of like the soft, official, unofficial launch of the bull market, if anyone can really put any date on it. But I think this thing could kind of, like, if the ETH ETF gets approved by November, of which the odds are still pretty good, I don't care what anyone says, that's just good. Continuation of more flows into crypto and the bitcoin ETF flows have potentially a ton of life in them, potentially three to six more months of net new buyers from different corners of tradfi coming in to buy bitcoin that has a ton of life and energy left in it to me. I'm calling for an idea. You have six to nine months where I. We have free paper gains because of all these inflows into the ETF's and everyone is speculating downstream. That being said, it doesn't matter how strong the fundamentals are, if there's too much total net paper gains in crypto, that will end the bull market because people will take the chips off the table and selling will beget selling and all of a sudden we'll discover a bear market.
Speaker B: I am terrible at timing these things, David, but I feel like we have at least twelve months left. And again, I could be wrong and I feel like 3 trillion is not the top in terms of total crypto market cap.
Speaker A: Oh, hell no.
Speaker B: I think ten. Now what could happen is we could spike up to four or five and then tank all the way back down, even below three, below two again, and people could think that that was the top and we're headed back down. But like, I think we'll have multiple, multiple cycles of different top signals and this is just kind of like the first class of top signals.
Speaker A: David, I think a longer, grander bull market because of ETF flows is like a reasonable base case.
Speaker B: Let's talk a little bit about layer twos. I know next section is going to be completely about blob space, layer twos, how cheap the gas fees are. You're going to get sick.
Speaker A: We're talking about a theory. I mean, this weekly roll up is.
Speaker B: An Ethereum roll up, but before we get there, that's going to be in the next section. Let's just gander at total locked value because we are up on the week and there are some pretty big movers, including base is up significantly on the week to 1.4 billion on base and total value locked.
Speaker A: That's pretty good. Yeah, we have 38 total billion dollars inside of layer twos. I think that's actually stayed about the same week over week. We are threatening, we are teasing. 10 million and layer twos in ETh terms, ETh denominated. Yeah, base has really had a killer week, but overall layer twos are always kind of just up, up, up, just kind of to spit out some of the numbers just to give people an anchor point. Arbitrum, 15.6 billion. Optimism, 8.9 billion. Blast. Insane. 2.8 billion. Yes, really good, really good, healthy numbers here. But yeah, the big outperformer right now is base blasting. Base blasting its way with plus 25% week over week to $1.4 billion.
Speaker B: Layer two beat added a new a tab here where you can see where the chain itself, the layer two, is storing its data. What data availability solution is it using? Is it using Ethereum mainnet or is it using something else? Some are enshrined like arbitrum op, some like Manta Pacific. There's really no da bridge. And others are using Celestia and other third parties for this. So, yeah, layer two beat always kind of showing us the way here and showing us what's up with these layer twos. This recurring theme we've been talking about the last couple of weeks is, is retail here. This is Eric Conner saying, yes, they are here. That is retail. They just aren't in bitcoin and ether. And he's looking at a Google search index for meme coins, and it is just a spike. Absolutely. Up the clip that we play, the tick tock dude that we played last week, he was talking about some meme coin. He's definitely not talking about the fundamentals of bitcoin and ether. What do you think about this, David? Do you think retails here? They're just buying meme coins instead of buying like, you know, our bags with great fundamentals?
Speaker A: Fundamentals, yeah, I think maybe even at this point, like retail, quote unquote retail outside of crypto has heard of bitcoin enough times where they're like, that's just not cool anymore. You know what's cool? A dog with a hat. I'm gonna buy that thing, or Joe Bowden or whatever, some nihilist financial stuff. Because I think with a lot of retail who comes speculating and de Jenning, they're not taking their entire savings and putting it into Dogwiff hat. They're putting amount of money that they can be nihilist about and see if it goes to zero, whatever. And I'm trying to shoot for the moon, and bitcoin is just not going to do that for them anymore. So, yeah, I think it makes sense that retail skips straight to meme coins. I mean, they all saw jpegs, tokens with jpegs last cycle, so why don't they just. They just go even more degen, you know, it's crazy.
Speaker B: David, this is a tweet from Franklin Templeton, like the bank, you know, Franklin Templeton, the asset manager. And this is a report on the value between meme coins and their narrative networks. This is kind of like a bullish report on meme coins.
Speaker A: Oh, my God.
Speaker B: From Franklin Templeton. You believe that?
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker B: I thought you'd find that interesting. Right? They're catching a bid from the institutions as well.
Speaker A: What the hell?
Speaker B: Another what the hell moment, David. It's happening. So dog with hat is potentially going on the Vegas sphere, and there was a fundraise this week. I think they. They made the fundraise. So apparently this will be what looks like the first crypto project on the Vegas sphere.
Speaker A: And, David, from a long time ago.
Speaker B: You and I pinned this as, like, this could be an absolute top signal for the cycle is the first crypto project. Just like the FTX stadium of the past, the first crypto project that is on a sphere, that's a top signal. And we were joking around, like, there.
Speaker A: Was also a race to get your crypto project on the sphere. And when I kind of made my tweet, like, the first crypto project to get their project on the sphere loses, I actually didn't really consider crowdsourced meme coins as one of the ways to race a guitar. I kind of was thinking about some semi legit startup. Layer one brand new layer one Ethereum killer on the scene advertises themselves a legitimate attempt. I know, I know, but this is a farce attempt at advertising. It's for the lulls, it's for the memes. And I wasn't really accounting for that. It's gonna counting. I'm not counting this top signal.
Speaker B: That's the problem with top signals is once they come, you just find a way to justify it. You're just like, eh, it's not really a top signal.
Speaker A: As soon as I see an ETH killer on the Vegas sphere, that is. That's the top signal.
Speaker B: I don't know. I worry we're moving goalposts here in this bull market. This happened a lot earlier than I thought, I'll say that. But it's not that expensive to actually put your project on the Vegas sphere, at least in crypto terms, 650k. So maybe our top single calendar, 50k.
Speaker A: Worth of dog whip hat donations had to be made so that people are just giving away their dogwiff hat money in order to make this happen. But because they're kind of. Kind of cool.
Speaker B: Yeah, because it's a meme, it's going to, like, increase the, you know, the price of Dogwift hat. Like, I don't know, five fold or tenfold, you know, just getting this. This kind of press. So there's good Roi.
Speaker A: I don't think it'll do that. I think it's more for the lulls.
Speaker B: You're doing an entire episode on meme coins, which I am disappointed to have to miss, but I want to get your take high level on meme coins. Like, some people think that they're, like, fun, that this is what crypto is all about. Other people think that they're toxic. I guess my take is I think they're fun. I think that I get annoyed at them when they start to suck all the auction out of the room and they get all of the attention, and.
Speaker A: Then this is when they become the point.
Speaker B: But otherwise, I don't want to be a purist. I don't participate in many of these things, but it's just, like, whatever. People are having fun, it's fine. One nice thing about it is it's completely transparent. Right? So, like, everyone knows it's a dog with hat.
Speaker A: Yes. There are things that are less transparent about meme coins, right? Well, like, the genesis story of each one.
Speaker B: Exactly. So, like, more private keys and more hands is good. It stress tests is all of our infrastructure. That's good. Like, bad things. I do think there will be some absolutely epic scams this cycle involving meme coins. Right. And everyone now thinks they can kind of, like, have the next meme coin, so. And there's some. There's some harm, I think, to the crypto brand as a result of this that could come. Like, what's your take?
Speaker A: Well, the meme coins are first just a very expected and acceptable byproduct of one of the great powers of crypto, which is giving people access to the money printer of financial assets. Like, any Joe, every. Any average Joe can make a financial asset, and that's the power of an ERC 20 token. That's the power Spl token on Solana or whatever you want. That's a democratizing power that is going to the people. And then, like, what did we do when we got the Internet? We put pictures of cats on there. What did we do when we got access to, like, web three? We made dog tokens. Like, it's just like, a normal, like, progress of events. And so that is. That part is good. Like, let's give power to the people, especially, like, let's not, like, you know, gatekeep the powers of Wall street. Like, let's open this up. And so I think there is. The fact that we can produce dogecoin. Dogecoin, to me, is an example of a good meme coin. Like, good, like, good on the morality, like, ethics. Spectrum. Um, I think that is a good.
Speaker B: It'S like fair distribution. Do you mean totally fair? Yeah.
Speaker A: The fact that, the fact that a meme can become worth billions of dollars is like cool and neat and interesting. Uh, and it also opens up plenty of space for grifting and exploitation and extraction. Uh, and, and so kind of like more or less like the. I'll take the point that, like, one of the reasons why people love meme coins is like, like plenty of layer one grifs who like griffs in crypto have been abundant and where they have been touting some narrative, but they're really trying to get rich. And so all of those griffs are plenty real and plenty throughout the history of crypto. And so to the meme coin point, it's like, well, at least these things are honest. But I don't think that makes them any better or worse. I think it's a natural reflection on human incentive and human desires. And so the meme coins will be as good or bad as, like human greed will be. And in the bull market, human greed can get pretty bad. It'll be, it'll be pretty gnarly.
Speaker B: I also worry a little bit that it's not great for our financial literacy. Do you know if people think that they're investing in these things and like, what's an investment? You know, like they're doing more speculative attention gambling and not like what I would call like classically investing. That might be a bad side, but I back to kind of financial nihilism, right? People say that people think the us dollar has turned into a ponzi. The SEC won't allow our actual tokens to have real utility and cash flows. So no wonder people are all about this right now.
Speaker A: Anyway, I did see one meme that I really, really liked, which was the bell curve beam. Right, like left and right curve. And then you have the person in the center, and the person in the center is like, no, you can't invest in meme coins. There's no fundamentals, blah, blah, blah, blah. Like, that's me sometimes. And the left and the right curves are like, it's fun, and I'm making money.
Speaker B: Totally.
Speaker A: And that's great. But the thing is, is that like, these things are only fun because people are making money and eventually people will not making money will turn into losing money and then the fun will go away and you know what will be left in the bear market? Fundamentals. Yeah. As they always will be.
Speaker B: I will point out there is a fun in fundamentals. Isn't there?
Speaker A: Yes, there is. There is. That's what we're here for, David. Although I will have to say I did purchase one meme coin. I'm the owner of one meme coin, so I'm playing in the game.
Speaker B: Yeah, I don't blame you for that, David. Just enjoy yourself, man, while it lasts. Us CPI rose faster than expected last month. We were about 0.4 in February and 3.2% from a year ago. So the fed really having a hard time getting this under 3% and getting it towards 2%. So we'll continue to monitor that as we go. You know, another interesting thing is the yield. The interest on our stable coins in defi have come back, baby, like 20 to 30.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And we're talking like in compounds. And this is not just airdrop yield hunting, this is like actual real returns, sustainable yield.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: In like a money market of crypto, which is sort of compound. So it's fairly low risk, all things considered. Right. And like the question Eric Voorhees is posing is why is this happening? Do you have a take on this?
Speaker A: I mean, I think Hayden Adams follow on take was, I think, probably the best explanation. He said that crypto natives getting 30% on our yield is just like too low in bull markets when things are going three x minimum. Like, I'm personally looking for a three x to cycle, so I'm not going to take 30%. But then also taking your tradfi money and tradfi dollars and putting them into crypto and Defi is too risky for all the people that still have tradfi dollars. And so there's just like, that mismatch is producing very high yields where the curves or the supply demand curves actually meet. And that's meeting at 30%. This will attract outside capital. It's just like outside capital is going to be slow to move to take up some of that yield.
Speaker B: Speaking of yield, David, can you explain how Athena labs got to 1 billion? This is a relatively new, happened really fast Ethereum defi protocol. What's going on here?
Speaker A: Yeah, so Athena brand new stablecoin. It's not a decentralized stablecoin, but it kind of fits in the decentralized stablecoin corner of how you design a stable coin. So I need to actually do my homework on how this works. But basically there is a basis neutral trade that you can make where you have staked ETH on one side and the yield from staked ETH and MeV on Ethereum, which is something like four or five, 6%. And then you also have the yield of funding rates for people who are shorting Ethereum on a non leveraged leverage basis. And so, like, one way short, you get funding for that. One way long, you get yield from that. You put those two together and you have a basis trade where it nets out at like a $1, but you also get yield. And so that produces a stable coin. That part of the jump. I don't understand how it makes, but it does check out. I know that it checks out. Yeah. So they just crossed a billion dollars. So congratulations to Athena. I did say on Twitter that if they hit a billion dollars, they couldn't do a podcast on bankless. So I guess reach out to us.
Speaker B: Yeah, we should definitely do that. I'm curious about it as well. This is different than the algorithmic stable coins of the past, like terra Luna. Right. This yield is from a legitimate source.
Speaker A: But it is backed by real assets.
Speaker B: Yeah. David, let's do an ETF scan really quick. Like ETF watch. We are looking at a dune board showing all of the ETF's right now. And we've got 4.2% of current bitcoin supply in ETF's.
Speaker A: It's a lot.
Speaker B: I mean, like, this was very low when we started a couple of months ago, and it's just shot right up.
Speaker A: It's going to go to 10% by halfway through this year. Yeah, be at 10% by June flow.
Speaker B: Since launch, 10 billion just the past week was almost 2 billion. So, yeah, a lot of crazy things going on. And microstrategy versus Blackrock BTC holdings. Look at this chart, David. The blue line is blackrock, and it's going straight.
Speaker A: Michael Saylor just getting demolished by Blackrock Bitcoin.
Speaker B: Saylor's doing fine.
Speaker A: I think. Blackrock had its number one record inflow day. Blackrock itself had a $1 billion of inflows, if I remember that headline correctly.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think you're right. And Saylor's going to return later in this episode. Got a clip that we want to play. So let's talk about the ETH ETF one last time, because there's more banter back and forth on when this thing's going to actually happen. Actually, James Seyffert and Eric Balchunis put out some of their estimates. And these are sort of, some people call them the Bloomberg bros. I don't know if they appreciate that, but they've been right on with respect to, like, understanding the bitcoin ETF landscape. And they put out their estimates that the odds of the, the ethereum ETF getting approved by may are down to 35%.
Speaker A: Yikes. Used to be 60%.
Speaker B: Used to be. This is Eric Baltuna saying, I get all the reasons they should approve it. It. Okay. And we personally believe they should. But all sign sources that we are making, that were making us bullish, uh, for the bitcoin spot, um, ETF are not there this time. Note that the 35% isn't 0%. It's still possible, and long term we think it will happen, but not by the May deadline. That's Eric Baltuna. So that carries some weight in my mind. Um, also, Jake Chavinsky, did you see his, his take here?
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. He's also being in the bear camp. I think the summary of just Jake's tweet and Balachuna's tweet is, like, more or less. Nonetheless, like, the signs of activity and interest by the SEC of engaging with the ETH ETF issuers just aren't there. It's not that they are saying they're going to not approve it or they're not that they're saying that they're going to delay it. They are just doing nothing right. It's just like indifference. Jake Stravinsky says, it brings me no joy to be an ETH ETF bear, but I'm calling it like I see it. I see an SEC that dislikes crypto as a concept, seeks to please progressive elective officials. Shout out Elizabeth Warren, who wants to make anti crypto a core part of their platform. Who could that be? Has a wrong but not insane basis for denial. That is spot futures correlation. Now this, the spot price of ETH and the futures price of ETh on the CME futures, that is, like, mathematically been proven to have just as strong a correlation to the bitcoin ETF. So this point, this line in Jake and Jake's, like, reasoning people have, like, in the Ethereum community has called into question, like, we actually have, like, totally awesome, fine, fantastic proof that the correlation is just as strong as bitcoin. So, like, I'm not sure about that one, but, like, it does go back to the, I think just the writing the tea leaves is really just saying, like, the SEC is just, like, not engaging with ETH ETF issuers in the same way that they were engaging with bitcoin ETF issuers.
Speaker B: I think the strongest pushback against this that I've seen is. But, like, Blackrock wants it, and that's what we've been saying all along. Like big finance is now on the side of getting these ETF's approved. And the bitcoin ETF was so successful, they would just want to run that same playback. So Jake and Eric Balchunis, what about Blackrock? This is Jake's reply to that. I agree Blackrock's presence is a big deal, but ETH is a very unique asset and probably raises more legal and political controversy than any other ETF filing that BlackRock has ever done. Blackrock always wins is not a satisfactory response to all the arguments for denial, in his opinion. So.
Speaker A: And Blackrock could get their ETH ETF denied and Blackrock would just like, not bat an eye and they would just reissue it until it got approved.
Speaker B: Yeah. Like, they. The eth etF it's going to happen.
Speaker A: Is going to.
Speaker B: Everyone knows this.
Speaker A: It's, if it doesn't get approved in 2024, it'll get approved in 2025. Like, it's. I'm not concerned. We're just trying to, like, people are just trying to figure out whether they should take leverage on the approval or not, which you shouldn't be doing anyways.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, actually, Justin Drake, who I consider an incredibly knowledgeable person, is on the side of it getting approved by May.
Speaker A: Yeah. And just act as an eth may.
Speaker B: Bolt, thrown down a bet with Nick Carter on whether the ETF gets approved or not. And Justin Drake, his team, it will get approved by May.
Speaker A: Yeah. So there is some backstory with Nick Carter bets. This is a tungsten cube bet. Nick Carter is famous for making bets with people across the crypto space where these stakes are. One tungsten cube. Remember the tungsten cube memes from last cycle? And Nick has collected like three, maybe four tungsten cubes because he's always doing well.
Speaker B: He's doing so.
Speaker A: He's collecting tungsten cubes as like, these are my spoiler, the spoils of my victory. This is my plunder. And so he's made a bet with Justin Drake that if the spot ETF is denied in May or not approved in May, then Justin Drake has to give Nick Carter his tungsten cube.
Speaker B: Well, Justin Drake is not often wrong, but neither is Nick. Nick Carter. So I guess we will see what happens with that. David, what do we have coming up next?
Speaker A: Coming up next, we're going to talk about blobs because I'm tired of not talking about blobs on this goddamn weekly roll up, Ryan. I want to talk about the blobs. I want to talk about how optimism is using the blobs I want to talk about how Starknet's using the blobs. Arbitrum is using the blobs in a very special way. So we're going to talk about that. We're just talking about the blobs. We're going to talk about blob space. We're going to talk about the blob contention. There's a new phrase just dropped, blob contention. Gets me all hot and bothered. I'm pretty excited about blobs, Ryan, I can't talk to you enough about blobs.
Speaker B: Well, this is going to turn into a blob cast, I could tell. What else, though? We got a brand new, brand new.
Speaker A: Layer two on the scene. Another one is coming online. Why is this one different? Tensor has introduced the tensor token. We're going to talk about Jitto on Solana, but mainly we're going to talk about blobs. Right? So let's go ahead and get right into these sponsors that make all the blobs possible on this blobcast. So let's go hear from them right now.
Speaker B: Welcome back to the bankless blobcast we're talking about. The blobs are live on Ethereum main net. Let's set some context. So this was a major Ethereum upgrade, a hard fork that just happened. It happened on March 13. Right? So this was Wednesday of this week. It's called Den Kun. Can you give us the highlights? So why was this upgrade so significant and what did it do?
Speaker A: So EIP 4844, which is like the shining star of the upgrade of the Denkun hard fork, is what introduces blob space to the Ethereum layer one protocol. Blob space is a specific lane of transactions that's separate from block space. So we have all the normal transactions that everyone has ever been making on Ethereum has always been going into block space. What do blockchains do? Blockchains sell blocks. Well, now, the Ethereum layer one also sells blobs. And blobs is a blob is kind of. It's actually a technical term, believe it or not, for just like, arbitrary data, we're going to package up arbitrary data and we're going to. That is a blob and we're going to put that blob in the layer one blob space. Think of it like a high occupancy vehicle lane and HOv lane for Ethereum layer two transactions. So on the Ethereum layer one, currently we're all driving in our individual cars, one car per person. Is not that efficient. And we're all having to pay high gas fees in order to do stuff on the Ethereum layer one, even layer twos are inside of the same kind of congested lanes that all the individuals are using now, layer twos, because they are high occupancy vehicles, they're bundling up thousands of transactions from thousands of users. They are, instead of posting that out as data inside a block space, they get to wrap that in a blob and post that into blob space. And so they all get to move faster through the carpool lanes and get from point a to point b faster for cheaper because of blob space. And so this actually is not affecting gas on the Ethereum layer one. For layer one transactors, this is significantly increasing the or decreasing the fees on Ethereum layer two. That's my summary. We've got blocks.
Speaker B: That's great. I've never heard that analogy, David of Hov Lane, but I think that's.
Speaker A: Who made that, who made that analogy? Vitalik no. Well, maybe, but the first time I heard it was from our Josh at bankless. Awesome, Josh. Which made it into the actual livestream of just like this is the way that you explain blobs. It's great if our Josh, who's actually the guy listening to this, editing this podcast right now, now, if he made that, well done. It has become enshrined as like the best metaphor to explain blob space.
Speaker B: Well, shout out, Josh. Thank you. Thank you. And here's another metaphor. This is one that Chris Dixon uses, and this is kind of an Internet metaphor. So this upgrade essentially made layer twos really, really cheap. And another way to phrase that is basically increase the capacity, increase the bandwidth of a layer two block space, essentially. So this is almost like us getting from the 1990s on the Internet to the two thousands you had dial up modem through your phone line. I mean, a lot of people don't remember that, but that's how the Internet used to be in the nineties. And then in the two thousands, we started to get high bandwidth systems. We started to get broadband, essentially, and we just did that in Ethereum overnight, phase one of increasing our broadband. So this is kind of Ethereum's broadband moment, I would say. And you're going to experience that not on Ethereum maintained. It's going to be just as expensive as ever. Fees are not going down ever on Ethereum. Mainet I think we've, we've talked about that so many times before.
Speaker A: Well, well, we have the verge, actually.
Speaker B: True, true. The verge. I don't want to get people excited about that.
Speaker A: That's not their expectations.
Speaker B: That's like a three to five year type thing. But fees are going to get really cheap.
Speaker A: 2025 thing.
Speaker B: Oh my gosh. Well, stop being so bullish.
Speaker A: I'm getting bullish.
Speaker B: Speaker one. Okay, so, so anyway, what's happened is layer two fees have gone down basically overnight. And so let's, let's talk about them. Let's just like, yeah, go through it. So this is, what are we looking at? ZK sync, which was the first layer two to start using this brand new.
Speaker A: Congrats to ZK sync. 1st. 1st blob on the layer one from Zksync. Well done.
Speaker B: Look at the transaction fees falling.
Speaker A: Just go. Going to absolute zero.
Speaker B: So that's how it looks in a chart. But if you're using something like the Argent wallet on Starknet. Right, which is another layer too, that has adopted a blob space. Your transaction fees for doing an in app swap in your smart contract wallet went from $6.82 overnight to $0.04 for the same transaction.
Speaker A: And Argent is a smart contract wallet, so it actually has to generally have more fees. And so, like, specifically things like Argent and other like smart contract wallets have really been looking for this. $0.04 is actually on the higher side of the types of transactions that I've seen. Here is a chart of optimism of the median gas fee on op stack chains between op Mainnet, Zora and base, hovering around like ninety cents. And then now they are dropping down to somewhere between like one and $0.05. Liam from optimism says optimism just enabled 48, 44 a few minutes ago from $0.32 down to 0.00 $0.04 for a transaction that is optimism base is also a thing. This evening attracted the attention from Brian Armstrong because base is also, of course, an op stack chain. Brian Armstrong says this is huge. Reducing transaction fees and confirmation times on layer twos will open up so many more use cases for crypto. We are finally getting scalability. He's of course retweeting Jesse Pollock's tweet, saying after two years of hard work, blobs are now live on base before $0.31, after $0.00, but he actually means 0.00, $0.05. The network fee quoted inside of the Coinbase app to get from Ethereum to just to transfer ether from base to baseball to baseball wallet is $0.00. So, like, when Coinbase shows you like, here's a network fee, it's $0.00. Like, imagine the delight of retail users at this point in time.
Speaker B: It's kind of like, why even charge them at that point? It's so cheap, right?
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. Yeah. I went and looked at this transaction that Jesse was showing, and just like, the ether scan on this is just absolutely hilarious. The transaction fee, 0.00,126 eth the gas price. There's too many zeros for me to even read out or count. That's like nine zeros. The gas price was 0.00. Is absolutely insane for a $4 transfer Zora, it doesn't stop there. Of course. The gas cost to mint on Zora was $0.61. Now it is. .009 e. Granted. Granted, we are in day one of blobs. Actually, now this is day two of blobspace consumption. And so we are approaching an equilibrium of all these layer twos. Leveraging blog face fees are definitely down across the board, but their blobs are about to go into price discovery.
Speaker B: Because when things get cheaper, when transaction fees get cheaper, we use more transaction fees, and that can increase the cost of these things over time. That's what you're saying?
Speaker A: Yes, that is what I'm saying. And we are also seeing activity on layer twos pick up. But also, we are approaching, if you. Let's see. This is a doom board that we're going to look at from zero x. Rob, if you scroll down, you can see a blobs per blob. And so blobs actually have a very similar mechanism to EIP 1559, where we are targeting three blobs per block. And if we have more than three blobs per block, then blobs get more expensive. If you have less than three blobs per block, then blobs get less expensive. We are under three blobs per block, and we have been since the inception of blob space. You want to scroll down a little bit? It's the blobs per block. There we go. So you can see that purple line. We are below the line, the target line of three blobs per block. And so this is why blobs are so cheap. More layer twos, leveraged blob space. We will get this thing called blob contention, which is the fee market for blobspace. And so then blobs will start to increase the price of blobs because it is congested. And then what do we do after that, Ryan? We make more blob space.
Speaker B: Oh, yes. We have to keep making more blob space, because we'll never have enough blob space ever.
Speaker A: Correct.
Speaker B: At this point in time. One thing that was really interesting to me, this is a chart of the layer two is the median price fee over time. And you're right, many of these, most of these are like just now, fractions of a penny. And this happened overnight. I was blown away at how fast layer two has actually adopted this.
Speaker A: They were really, and they're in a.
Speaker B: Competitive game to lower their fees as quickly as possible, but almost all of them did. One outlier is arbitrum, which I believe may have. Oh, look at this. It spiked down.
Speaker A: They did 2 hours ago. Yeah. So actually, that's a really important part of the story, actually. Cause arbitrum, they were coming in at an 18 hours laggard into the blob space consumption. Why do they take long? Well, a, they have a dao, so they have to actually get this through DaO vote. But also they have this thing called Arbos Atlas upgrade, which is just a normal arbitrum software update for the arbitrum layer two. That also, in addition to leveraging blobs space independently of the lowering gas fees of blob space, will also lower gas fees by another 90% just because it's optimizations on the Arborstrom side.
Speaker B: That's so cool.
Speaker A: And so, like, all of the layer twos are able to, like, squeeze out more juice from their own system, and then they are also getting a 90% gas reduction on top of that because of blob space.
Speaker B: And that happens.
Speaker A: I think arbitrum is actually going to be one of the best tests to how much, how can we really juice these systems? Because now we have blob space, and arbitrum is taking their next, like, additional 90% reduction in gas fees.
Speaker B: It feels like a, like I've called it before, like an economic stimulus in terms of capacity, because it happened across all chains overnight. And my timeline was just so wholesome. I'm talking about my social media feeds, right, of just people talking about, oh, my God. Like, there was a lot of surprise at how cheap layer two fees actually got. I mean, some of these, I saw somebody tweet out something about optimism or zora or something like that being cheaper than salon at this point.
Speaker A: That was me.
Speaker B: Oh, is that you, David?
Speaker A: That was me.
Speaker B: Oh, you're trying to get some spicy tweets in.
Speaker A: I mean, it wasn't spicy. It was true.
Speaker B: It's factual.
Speaker A: It's actually factual tweet.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Ethereum layer twos are cheaper than Solana.
Speaker B: It's really impressive. Now, whether they'll stay that cheap, I don't know, but it's so cool to see it happening in concert across all of the layer twos with this big ethereum upgrade.
Speaker A: There's a really good tweet thread that I want to read out from Liam Liam Horn, who talks about the perspective of EIP 4844 is more than just a simple protocol upgrade to Ethereum because it was a bunch of cross protocol dev coordination cross layer twos and the Ethereum layer one protocol. And so there was so many moving parts to make this happen. So I thought this whole entire thread was fantastic, so I'll read through it. EIP 4844 is more than a tech upgrade. It is a substantial shift in how Ethereum core devs work at all, improving the relationship between research and client teams and welcoming layer two core devs. It might be the most important moment in the transition to the roll up centric roadmap.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker A: When we started two years ago before the merge, there were tensions between the research and client teams. It wasn't always clear that the ideas on the research side were feasible to implement and took into consideration all the client complexity. This is one of the reasons why proto lambda and others conceived of proto dank sharding, which is pro 4844, which is what we just merged. It was a sort of prototype or an early iteration towards full denk shard that was technically feasible and ready to ship ASAP. ASAP turned into two years, but this was even only possible because 4844 was a compromise. It made a massive dent in scalability. Future proofed full day charting and took into account client complexity. It forced research client and layer two teams to work closely together. One optimism made shipping 4844 a top priority and allocated multiple core devs to the effort. Two base teams started working and contributing to 4844 before the idea of base was even conceived. Prismatic labs three, now part of our chain labs, that's arbitrum, evolved into layer two development. With 4844 as a gateway and many, many more examples of the above. 4844 acted as a central project that unified the efforts of so many research client teams and layer two devs. It feels like we're in a whole new era. Compared to two years ago, Ethereum is feeling substantially more productive and pragmatic, and with layer two teams now a major part of the mix, the roll up centric roadmap is in full swing. When I read this, I just got goosebumps because especially with every single major hard fork that we do in Ethereum. I'm just reminded about how we are doing this crazy new thing called decentralized consensus and decentralized governance and decentralized coordination in order to discover the best paths forward. That in my opinion, the Ethereum core devs and researchers all collectively agree and come to consensus on what those is, what those are, and then they successfully merge them into the Ethereum protocol. And I just get goosebumps that we as humans can even and like manage to produce something like that. And so I'll just like take a moment and say thank you to anyone involved with Dankoon, EIP 4844, all the other eips and actually like getting this thing into the Ethereum protocol. So many stakeholders needed to be just juggled and it was done in just, you know, super elegant fashion. So big thank you to everyone getting involved here.
Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely. And this is so popular, like, everyone loved it. Everyone loves cheaper fees, everyone loves more bandwidth, more capacity. This was not contaminated, contentious at all. And it's just a kind of a massive celebration. David, there was also some other upgrades that slipped in in the Ethereum upgrade. One is that beacon block routes are now accessible in the EVM. Why is that important?
Speaker A: Yeah, so this is another eip that was in Denku. That's aside from 4844. I just wanted to call out this one specifically because it's pretty cool. Beacon block routes are now accessible to the EVM. The beacon block route is a consensus layer layer thing. The EVM is an execution layer thing. We have the beacon chain and the state of the beacon chain, which is a block route, is now being made accessible to the Ethereum virtual machine, aka the Ethereum application layer aka Defi lightclients brings out two exciting use cases, proof of validator behavior and then efficient o of log proofs for historical block data. Basically the proof of stack stake, the Internet bond that is Ethereum. The staking and also restaking state of things is being made accessible to Ethereum's own DeFi application layer, the actual protocol. And this is really good for Eigen layer for AVss that need to know the state of beacon blocks. So who's got the ETh where and the AVss of Eigen layer can now know that same thing with like LST's and lrTs. And so this is just a stronger coupling between the proof of stake layer of Ethereum and the defi layer of also of Ethereum. I thought that was worth pulling out.
Speaker B: So I think a big question is we painted this picture of gas fees have gone down for now on layer twos, but demand is going to increase and so they will increase in cost as things go. So where do we go from here? And there's two kinds of categories I want to talk about for further reduction of layer two fees and expansion of the bandaid bandwidth of layer twos. One is on the Ethereum upgrade path, I'm going to let you talk about that. But the other is in parallel to all of this. What's actually happening is the layer twos themselves are improving in their ability to support bandwidth execution bandwidth, let's call it a few things that are happening. One, of course, we've talked about so much, which is parallelization of the evMs, of evms, and also other virtual machines like the SVM, putting that in a layer two so we can have a very high throughput layer two, that also increases our bandwidth in our TPS. We also have room to maneuver on ZK proving and verification cost decreases. So there's a lot of projects that are specifically working on that that will really help our ZK vms and our ZK rollups. And then there's also just generally, you mentioned arbitrum deploying some more call transaction compression some optimization in terms of how they're posting data to, to Ethereum. And so that is ongoing work and will continue to get better. I mean, I think Vitalik said there could be like gains of three to five x just from compression alone, and then everything else is still a bit too expensive. You still need like fractions of a penny. There's third party DA solutions, you know, one of which is Celestia, which we've talked about for then Eigen layer DA is coming aboard as well, which will be an absolute massive expansion in terms of data availability bandwidth, if Ethereum main chain is getting too expensive. So all of these solutions combined are going to continue to drop gas fees towards zero. Every time it spikes back up, there'll be an improvement and we'll get back down to zero. There's also main net improvements coming as well. David. So like, what are the next Ethereum upgrades and hard forks? What are they going to do for bandwidth?
Speaker A: I'll invoke the words of Mike nor here we get three x in terms of data availability. So blob space, the thing we just shipped, will get three x larger for the next three to four years in a row. So we'll get a three x by just increasing the blob count and gas modifications. We can kind of do that today. We'll get that throughout this year. In 2025 we'll get this thing called peer Das, pure data availability sampling. And then in 2026, these are all like super hypothetical timelines. When dank sharding comes around, we'll get another three x. And these are three x's on top of each other. These aren't like linear three x's, these are exponential three x's. And so like gas fees are just dying on layer two, they're going to zero. It doesn't matter how much induced demand we can get, we can also get more block space to like the logical conclusion. If we can't get there with Mir just adding more data availability, we'll get there with Zenith. The conclusion of layer two, gas fees is that they go away. They go away for the end user, they are perceived to be zero. They aren't actually zero, but they are so close to zero that the meta will just converge on somebody and some third party is going to pay for their users transaction fees because that's a user acquisition strategy. Gas fees on the layer two are just like in the fullness of time, which is only three, four years going away. It's going to be a field about.
Speaker B: Think about the Internet, right? You don't pay server fees for using a website or for, you know, going on X or like doing something on Facebook, right? You won't pay fees, I think in the future in these layer twos and layer three. So uh, David, we got more to cover, man. We talked a lot about blobs because we're so excited about them. But there's more.
Speaker A: What else?
Speaker B: What else?
Speaker A: A brand new layer two is coming to Mainnet. You thought we were over with innovating on layer twos. You thought wrong. Tensor on Solana dropping a token and Solana's jitto getting rid of its mempool. What's the deal with that? All of this and more. But 1st first, a moment to talk about some of these fantastic sponsors that make this show possible. Swell, the LST project that turned into an LRT project when Eigen Layer came out, is now building their layer two with native restaking yields built in. So we're integrating all of the innovations that 2023 and 2024 have brought us with swell. Swell's own ZkevM from the polygon chain development kit, built in collaboration with Eigen da so da for data availability and alt layer as their roll up as a service provider along with Chainlink. And so they're getting all of the big players into the swell layer two as well. And I think if I'm understanding this correctly, they are taking the blast playbook and putting in native yield into the swell layer too. Except this time not just with staking yield, but with restaking yield as well. So like swell, just putting a platypus of a layer two together, taking all the innovations that they can from corners of Ethereum.
Speaker B: It's really cool. All this stuff is brand new, right? Zke Evm Eigenva, it's not even out yet, is kind of brand new. And then Chainlink and smushing it all together on top of an LRT and.
Speaker A: The gas token is going to be swell's LRT token, the restaked swell eth token.
Speaker B: I think there's going to be a lot of these like kind of vertical stack type plays as well. So this came out. We haven't had a chance to really look at it. But do you know the crypto wallet Zurion? They're fantastic. Crypto, way to see your crypto portfolio. They have a web three wallet in your browser as well. They are building a layer too. And their take on it, their spin on it is it's going to be zero fees is exactly what we were.
Speaker A: Just talking about before the break.
Speaker B: Yeah, they're going to subsidize fees. Why? For user acquisition, for onboarding. If it only costs like, you know, tens of thousands of dollars a year, why wouldn't you just subsidize fees?
Speaker A: Just get the vc's to pay for it, server costs.
Speaker B: So really cool to see Xeron do this. I don't think they'll be the last. I think we will see so many layer twos this cycle of different projects, Defi projects, maybe like wallet providers, that sort of thing going and just building a full vertical stack here. So pretty exciting.
Speaker A: Tensor has introduced the tensor token tensor. Of course, it's the blur opensea on Solana. And so there is an airdrop for all the tensorians. Actually, the tensorians are the people who don the pfPs. But I don't know if you own the tensor token, you're maybe a tensorian too. I'll leave you that up to the tensorian community. If you have been paying attention to the airdrop hunter from bankless, that's us. This has been in the airdrop hunter for a long time. So congrats to all of the bankless airdrop hunters who hunted this airdrop.
Speaker B: David, tell me a little bit about Jito. So I saw this and you threw it in the agenda because I think you really wanted to talk about it.
Speaker A: It's a pretty big deal.
Speaker B: Jitto is kind of like a mix between for Solana, it's kind of like flashbots a little bit, and it's kind of like lido. So they do staking for soul, and they also provide some kind of mev protection type services and way to harness that inside of a Solana client. So the news here is geo Labs had decided to suspend the mempool offered through geo block engine due to negative externalities impacting users on Solana. What the heck does this mean? What are we talking about here?
Speaker A: Yeah, so the way that Solana works, Solana does not have a MACD mempool. It has just rolling block construction. So blocks, like transactions, are put into blocks as they come in, and then the validator just puts that block into the chain.
Speaker B: And the mempool itself, that's like the holding container for all the transactions that are in queue that have not yet been settled on chain. Right. It's just this giant holding container, which.
Speaker A: Is where, typically, blockchains, that's how they're constructed. Bitcoin has a mempool. Ethereum has a mempool. Most blockchains have a mempool. Solana's goal is to move so incredibly fast that transactions just skip over whatever would be a mempool, and they just go straight into the chain. Geato needed to make a mempool because Jitto is this mev organization orchestration optimization, part of Solana module, of Solana, if you will. And so they need to have a mempool because they need people to reorder their transactions. And so there needs to be this waiting room for, call it like, block builders and I, Solana, to reorder the transactions, take out the MEV, because that's the business model, and then give it to the Jito sole holders. In the same way that this is basically how Ethereum works. Jitto turned off their mempool, which basically means that they turned off their product, basically turning off all the mev extraction that would go to Jito soul holders. There's not really any difference between holding Jitto soul and holding normally staked soul, other than that you can use it in Defi.
Speaker B: Why'd they have to turn it off?
Speaker A: Because they were getting sandwich attacked. And this is a very normal, very expected thing to happen in the MeV world. Like, sandwich attacking is mev. And what does Jito do? It organizes off chain mev so that MEV can get extracted and put into judo soul. But there's so much sandwich attacking what's happening, that they just decided that this is just a net negative for the Solana ecosystem as a whole, because, like, these weren't, like, these aren't, like, one to three to 5% sandwich attacks. These are people with, like, trading bots and telegraphers just, like, not caring about slippage and then getting sniped for, like, 50, 80%. And so they just turned off the mempool because they couldn't get a grip on this mev that was coming in. I actually learned that Jito has a terms of service that says, like, hey, you actually can't front run or sandwich attack. Oh, wow. And the sandwich attackers are like, I don't care about your terms of service. And so this is putting, like, Solana geeto into, like, this interesting place. This is, like, Mev. What do, which has been, like, the big question that Ethereum asks itself when we discovered.
Speaker B: It's a hard question, isn't it?
Speaker A: So, like, Solana is in, like, 2020 Ethereum land when, like, Phil, Diane just discovered Mev, and they're like, all right, what do we do about this? And so, like, the geo team are chads, like, super technically strong. So I'm interested to see the solution that they come up with. Like, this has kind of been my expectation for the Solana ecosystem. Like, they've always been like, yeah, how do we pay for validators like Mev?
Speaker B: I mean, the reason they haven't had that before, they haven't had this problem before, is basically, there hasn't been enough, like, mev opportunity. There hasn't been enough, like, upside in.
Speaker A: Terms of block order activity.
Speaker B: Now, there is a ton of the meme coin energy is happening on Solana, and I'm sure it's, like, hundreds of millions of dollars worth of mev opportunity right now.
Speaker A: Right, right. And so, like, to be clear, the mev opportunities are still there. They are just, like, Cheetos saying, like, actually, that's not our problem anymore. There might even be, like, a legal concern here, because, like, you don't want to be the thing that's facilitating mev or save.
Speaker B: They're being pushed back to the valid. Like, the actual.
Speaker A: Yeah, so they're just going back. It's just going back into the normal Solana layer one validator set. And so, like, all. Now all the validators are getting the mev, and, like, the mev extractors are more efficiently able to extract without that going back.
Speaker B: Well, that doesn't mean it's not a problem. The same way to do.
Speaker A: It's definitely still a problem. In fact, it's an even worse problem now.
Speaker B: Now you just can't.
Speaker A: It's just now it's Solana's problem, not judo's problem.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, I do have some confidence that they will figure this out. Right. But as a thorny problem, it's a thorny problem. No blockchain ecosystem has figured it out, by the way. Bitcoin is going to have to figure these things out as well.
Speaker A: With all of the bitcoin literature, I imagine.
Speaker B: Right. There will have to be some jito for bitcoin, some sort of flashbots for bitcoin. So we'll see how that evolves.
Speaker A: Is currently march Lucas from Jito is going to be at permissionless. And so I think over the next six months, we're going to actually get a lot of clarity as to how Solana, as an ecosystem, is going to solve its own mev problems. I think Lucas is at the spearhead of this whole thing. So since he's at permissionless, I think that's going to be one of the themes of content that me and Mike and the other permissionless content organizers talk about.
Speaker B: There you go, Luke, you have six months to work on this. We'll see you in Salt Lake in October. Thanks, Lucas. David, did you see this? I'm just going to play the clip. Michael.
Speaker A: Michael Sailor clip. Here we go.
Speaker B: He is on market. Market watch. Traditional finance, media. Here he is. Be honest. Most of the people who are. Yes, sure, some people pass it on to their children, but like, most of the people who are buying assets, at some point want to sell the assets at a profit.
Speaker C: So, I mean, let me say it a different way. People that use fiat currency as a store of value, there's a name for them. We call them poor. Okay. Anybody that's rich in the world, they own property.
Speaker B: Wow, that sounds absolutely terrible. At some level, though, that is classic Michael Saylor.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: And there's some pretty, like, decently savage.
Speaker A: Decently, like, correct. We don't have to call them poor, but, like, this has been the thing that you and I have been talking about on bankless since the inception of bankless fiat currencies. And central banks make people who use those fiat currencies poor. That's why the stock market has been up only and savers have been down only since the inception of, or the. The inception of fiat currencies in the seventies when we went away.
Speaker B: Gold standard savings accounts suck.
Speaker A: That's what you're talking about, being a savage about it.
Speaker B: Yeah. Anyone who gets any amount of wealth does not hold their money in fiat any longer in dollars or in a bank account. Right? They are buying real estate, they're buying stocks, they're buying bitcoin, traditional store of value type assets. Right? And that's kind of what he's saying. But, wow, putting it so brutally, only Michael Saylor can do that. A few exciting bankless ventures raises that we wanted to bring up, both because we're excited about these projects. And also you should know that bankless Ventures is investing in them, one of which is Eclipse Labs. This is a 50 million series A, a pretty exciting layer two. What are they building?
Speaker A: Eclipse. So we had Neil on forever ago. It is the Solana virtual machine as an Ethereum. Layer two, using Celestia for data availability and risk zero for ZK, proving it was actually where I got the term platypus. Layer two. And so other investors include a DBA, that's John Charbonneau, polychain Robot Ventures, but being a led by placeholder and HackVC, that's Chris Berniske and also the people over at HACC, along with some angels. Barnaby from the Ethereum Foundation. Austin Federer from the Solana Foundation. Hazu. Eric Waldisi, investor, Santiago Santos. Pretty cool. It just explains itself. Take the Solana virtual machine that everyone knows and loves. Place it as a layer two on Ethereum. Make it go even, be even cheap. See what happens.
Speaker B: We also have a click. They raised their 8 million series A. That's a bankless ventures investment. Um, click is doing a ton of exciting things right now. This is a compute coordination network. I think one big reason why you and I were bullish is they've created this like, identity article Oracle. And, you know, on chain identity has been a thorny problem for crypto to solve. It's been an unsolved problem. But if you're trying to drop an airdrop, if you're trying to incent a community and you want to know who the humans are, who the civil resistant, unique humans are, versus who the bots are and who the farmers are, you need a solution to do that. And Qlik has this kind of anti Sybil identity, Oracle, where you can plug in your web two profiles and qualify potentially for airdrops. That's just one of like a hundred different solutions this team is brewing up. So pretty excited to back those guys as well.
Speaker A: Think about just like all the data that you leave around web two and your Spotify account and your Twitter account, like whatever corners of the Internet that you go about and Qlik is trying to get that data into just like a useful, composable bit of information inside of web three. So web three data allowing to unlock doors, create doors that could be unlocked inside of web three.
Speaker B: David, we said we had something for bankless listeners, bankless podcast listeners. And it's the fourth birthday right now. Yes, David, I am a huge Spotify user. I'm a big Spotify user. I think you are too, because I see you on discord. It's always like David's listening to Spotify. I don't know if you're listening to podcasts or what you're listening to, but the news.
Speaker A: I'm listening to the sheepdogs, let me tell you that.
Speaker B: Awesome.
Speaker A: The news this morning or lately, the Grateful Dead.
Speaker B: Oh, okay. It's grateful for the bull market. Yeah, I'm sure people are excited to hear that. But now the news is bankless premium feed is on Spotify officially. So if you are a bankless citizen, the old way of getting the bankless feed was using the RSS feed on. Plug it into apple or something. You could still totally do that. You can also get the bankless premium feed on Spotify. And the premium feed gives you early access to everything we publish here. Also bonus episodes of which plenty are coming. The way you could think about this is the main public feed is sort of the 100 level content, the 200 level content, and the premium feed features all of that ad free, by the way, and also 300 level content, 400 level content. And we are publishing more and more to the premium feed year that I think the casual bankless fans wouldn't be as interested in. But the deep fans and the deep.
Speaker A: Crypto journey on the frontier. With all this innovation and exploration of the crypto frontier, there will be lots of research episodes, call them research episodes, going on to the premium feed as well. Just some other fun goodies as well. So if you're already a citizen and you want to get this into Spotify, you want to unlock this door. This area is a link in the show notes to get the Spotify premium feed unlocked to you. If you're not a citizen, you can get 15% off because that's what we're going to give you for our fourth birthday on the podcast. Spotify 24 is the code. There is also a link in the show notes to unlock bankless premium for 15% off in Spotify.
Speaker B: David, let's get to the meme of the week as we end this. What are we looking at here, dad?
Speaker A: Why is my sister's name Rose? Because your mother loves roses, son. Thanks, dad. No problem. Blob.
Speaker B: This is a dad with his son. His son is driving. Apparently, the father named his child Blob, which, you know.
Speaker A: Great name.
Speaker B: Great name.
Speaker A: Shout out to whoever decides to name their kids blob babies. Every single bull market. And at least some of you should name your kids blob.
Speaker B: Yeah. Class of 2024, babies of 2024 Blob babies.
Speaker A: Guys, we also have a moment of. You already heard the clip, but now have you heard the song crypto remix?
Speaker B: Michael Saylor. So enjoy that. Guys, got to end with this, of course, some disclosure. Both David and I are investors in swell. We're also investors. A bunch of the layer twos we named today. You can always see our disclosures@bankless.com. disclosures. Also, crypto is risky. You could lose what you put in. But we are headed west. This is the frontier. Not for everyone, but we're glad you're with us on the bankless journey. Thanks a lot.
Speaker A: What do you do with the bitcoin besides it?
Speaker B: Just gather value.
Speaker C: Real estate developers in New York City, they're not buying the real estate because they want to live in it.
Speaker B: But, like, most of the people who are buying assets, at some point want to sell the assets at a profit.
Speaker C: People that use fiat. Fiat. Fiat. Fiat currency as a store of value, we call them we core. Or we call them we core. People that use fiat currency, we call them the core. We call them the core. We call them the core. We call them decor. There's a name for them. We call them core. We call them the core. Okay, right? Like, the point is, if you have the superior asset, it's going up forever more.
Speaker A: Forever.
Speaker B: I mean, right?
Speaker A: But, I mean, we can all look.
Speaker B: Bitcoin sort of as forever more.
Speaker C: People that use fiat, fiat, fiat, fiat currency as a store of value, we call them we. We call them we core. People that use fiat currency, we call them the core. We call them the core. We call them the core. We call them the core. There's a name for them. We call them the core. We call them the core. We call them the core. We call them the core. We call them the core.
Speaker A: Four.
Speaker C: We call them the core. Okay, four.
