Speaker A: Bankless nation. It is that time again for the weekly roll up, and David and I are doing it from a special location again. Oh, my God, I forgot to set you up. David, let me ask you the official question.
Speaker B: Sure, let's do it.
Speaker A: David, what time is it?
Speaker B: Oh, it's the bankless Friday weekly roll up. But it's happening on Thursday. Yes, it is, because we are on Wednesday, the third day of permissionless, here in the Kraken booth on the floor of Austin, Texas. We have a live audience for the first time ever. It's a little bit intimidating. Live studio audience, bankless citizens, people in the bankless Dao, all watching us as I speak these words right now. I don't know how I feel about that, but here we go.
Speaker A: You know what? We're just going with it. This is a fantastic setup that we have here at permissionless 2023. Actually, permissionless two.
Speaker B: Permissionless two is what they call it.
Speaker A: And Kraken put this booth together for us. So extremely grateful for the hospitality. This is a professional setup.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: This is way better than my home office.
Speaker B: Not some amateur shit, that's for sure.
Speaker A: I know. And so David and I are in person today, obviously, and we're here to bring you the weekly roll up. All right, topics of the week. David, what are we talking about, man?
Speaker B: The CFTC has joined the SEC in the fight against crypto. Oh, wait, that's bad. That's a bad thing.
Speaker A: Yeah, I thought they were the good guys.
Speaker B: That's not great. Okay, well, there's more. FTX is about to sell a huge portion of their token holdings. Should we. Oh, that's also bad. Oh, no. Ethereum foundation just dropped a proposal on a native liquid staking. That's good. That's good. That's a good thing. And then finally, friend tech. Not dead yet. Okay, also good. Also good. I came back from Burning man and I thought that Friendstech would be dead, and it was like four times larger than I ever thought that it would be.
Speaker A: Is there some signal there?
Speaker B: Yeah. And then my share price going into Burning man was 0.7.
Speaker A: Dude, I don't want to hear about your share price since.
Speaker B: And I came back from burning man, it was 0.2 and I was sad.
Speaker A: Well, that makes me happy. Sorry, David.
Speaker B: Then some more bad news of the week. Vitalik Twitter got hacked. Got hacked. Some details around that and how to protect yourself from Twitter and how to make sure that you actually might, might be exposed. You might have your phone number in Twitter and you don't know about it. So we're going to talk about that.
Speaker A: One that I didn't know. Like, if Vitalik can get hacked, then what about the rest of us? David, before we get into the chatter of the week, and I know we want to talk about permissionless even before we get to the markets, we got to do a shout out to our friends and sponsors over at before we get to markets. I think the people deserve an update on permissionless.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay, so let's talk permissionless. It's been great so far.
Speaker B: We are on the second, the last third of the last day of permissionless. So it's coming to a close.
Speaker A: So do you want to tell me about some of your favorite talks so far? Let's start with the content.
Speaker B: I've done eight talks.
Speaker A: Done eight talks.
Speaker B: Excuse me. I have moderated eight panels.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: So I'm racking up the content. How many did you get to?
Speaker A: I did one, David. Eight to one.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker A: Anytime I'm asking, is lower better or higher better? I don't. It depends on whether you like to do lots of panels or not.
Speaker B: I love doing panels.
Speaker A: Okay. I don't. So anytime someone asks me to do a panel, I'm like, david, would you like to do this panel?
Speaker B: Wait, that's how I ended up with eight. Okay. That's how I think that my favorite one was. We did a Jesse, Paula, and Ben Jones. On chain is the new online conversation, which, I mean, we just had them on for the super chain, but this was a net new episode, net new conversation. And I really enjoyed that one. That one felt really fun. And that one I actually just did not prepare for because I just know these guys haunted in sphere.
Speaker A: What was the takeaway from that?
Speaker B: So we have like on chain is the new online. This is the new top of funnel for base. Base is kind of like base in the front, optimism, governance in the back. We have the golden era of web three design happening around base. Like, we're getting better at design for attracting new people to get them on chain. And then we have retroactive public good funding in the back. And so connecting that, those dots and filling in the gaps a little bit and then talking about how this is a flywheel, right? More people coming in on base leads to more retroactive public goods funding, which makes base better as a part of the op stack, which leads to more people coming into base. And this is all a flywheel that hopefully scales public goods out to the world. That is the Tldr of the conversation. Doesn't mean that you shouldn't also go listen to it. It's available on the YouTube, on Blockworks YouTube, not bankless YouTube. Actually.
Speaker A: Yeah, there's. And you know, do you want to ask me what my favorite one was?
Speaker B: Sure, you only did one, but it.
Speaker A: Was actually the one that I loved. And it wasn't because of me. It wasn't because of the moderator, but the panel that we got to do with the regulators. So it was Hester Pearse. I think we'll talk about it later in the episode. Hester Peirce. Brian Quinten, CFTC regulator Tom Emmer, Majority House Majority Whip so we got a member of Congress on the floor to come to our crypto conference, and then Kristen Smith, of course, and she's kind of a crypto lobbyist. And this, honestly, it gave me some hope, David, because things are looking kind of bleak from a us regulatory perspective. And this gave me some hope because these people were fired up and they were ready to fight for crypto and they have some power in DC to do that.
Speaker B: You say bleak, but it's definitely bleak. With strong notes of optimism.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah. I think the comment that got the most applause was towards the end where Hester purse said, we don't even need to, I can't remember what she said the details were, but the punchline was like, the law is on our side.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So we just have to, you know, make sure that the United States has just runs by the rule of law and then we will be golden.
Speaker A: Yeah, absolutely.
Speaker B: It's nice having the law on your side.
Speaker A: Oh, it's. I mean, that is great. And we are winning in the court system, that's for sure. That was a point that was made, David. There's also been some bankless parties going on.
Speaker B: We had the largest party that we've ever thrown. That was 600 people. 600 people. A bunch of bankless citizens. Some little podcast guests. Jesse Pollock was there. The block routine was there. Gosh, everyone. I think, I don't know if there was other parties that Monday night, but everyone was at our party because it was the best.
Speaker A: It was so fun.
Speaker B: We throw the best parties.
Speaker A: Yeah. Meeting in real life, meeting people in real life. I was getting used to the handshakes that you do and the hugs and stuff.
Speaker B: Ryan is learning how to be human. This is actually the third time that Ryan and I have ever hung out. It does feel normal. He does feel like a human. He's coming along.
Speaker A: I'm doing human things. I think I got a lot of proof of humanity on this trip. There's a lot of Twitter posts out there with images. So I think RSA truthers, they're going to have a hard time after this conference. Speaking of this conference, what is happening next year at permissions?
Speaker B: Next year?
Speaker A: You missed it. People missed it.
Speaker B: Permissionless three, this is something that I've been unpacking with Mike from blockworks. We've got a lot of plans for permissionless three. I think we're realizing that, a, we want to keep on doing this. So permissionless three, here we go. Salt Lake City in October 2024. But we want it to be something net new. There's a bunch of conferences out there. There's a bunch of. Actually, there's three conferences going on this weekend, and we want permissionless to elevate. We think that we can apply some innovation to the content world, to the. To the conference world, and make something that's not just a conference, something. Something that's bigger than a conference, that has a conference in it, but more stuff around it. Here is my shoot from the hip idea that I'll share with you that is not totally set in stone, but I'm going to try and convince the blockwork squad of this.
Speaker A: So you're using your podcast fully platform.
Speaker B: That's exactly. To hear you day four of a three day conference, which I know doesn't make any sense, but that's because day four, I want to be tribal. Field day. Tribal games. So this is like tug of war and dodgeball and an obstacle course. There's a lot of nightmares from high.
Speaker A: School, from field day. You can invoke that.
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah, I do. And so, like, if you are part of the tribe, like layer two versus arbitrum dodgeball or bankless versus blockworks, tug of war or bankless doubt? I don't know. Are you a part of a tribe? Come to the tribal field games.
Speaker A: Thanks.
Speaker B: Day four of the three day conversation.
Speaker A: In an industry dominated by nerds, David wants to bring back pe bullying.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Oh, my God. Well, you know, I don't know if you were a nerd or jock in school, David, but, you know, I'll let.
Speaker B: The listeners come to the conclusion on that.
Speaker A: All right, well, cast your votes, folks. Let's talk markets. David, get to the market. So sorry for the fomo if you couldn't make it. Permissionless has been awesome, but let's get to the regular scheduled program. Thanks to Kraken, of course, for these charts. What are we looking at on the.
Speaker B: Kraken charts in the Kraken booth? It's been great.
Speaker A: Crackseption.
Speaker B: Okay, Ryan, I just had to pause our recording because I needed to verify this. And I am verifying it. We're up on the week. We are up on the week. I don't know how that happened. We dumped. We had the classic conference dump. We always dumped during conferences, but somehow we're up on the week. Bitcoin starting the week at $25,100, up 4% to $26,300. Wow. Oh, good for us.
Speaker A: Yeah. How about Eth price?
Speaker B: Eth price. 1550 on the week. We must have just, like, bottom ticked the perfect timing, up 4% on the week to 1610. And the ratio down 2.5% on the week. Ratio.
Speaker A: Ratio go down because ETF. Or is this noise?
Speaker B: Something like that, or noise. But definitely ETF is pushing pressure on the bitcoin side. Total crypto market, captain, 1.07 trillion on the week. I think that's about flat.
Speaker A: All right, well, look, I'm happy to play the happy music this week. This has overall been a net win on the price side. All right, David, we're just talking about the week to week price action, but I want to zoom out for a minute and talk about the cycle, the year that we're in. Did you see this?
Speaker B: Yep. Yeah, this is great meme. Great meme.
Speaker A: I don't know who made this. This is fantastic. Can you describe for listeners what we're looking at?
Speaker B: Okay, so we are looking at a. Call it a four by four box gridden. But these things are shifted up because the boxes lean upwards, and the first box in the top left corner is 2011, followed by 20 12, 20, 20 20 13, 20 14. And so these things go upwards, and then we go one row down, 2014 to 2017, and then we go down. And so these things are. We're talking about the four year cycles cut up into four years.
Speaker A: Right?
Speaker B: And so 2022 is lining up with the first year of a four year cycle, where it's the bear, it's reduced, and then 2023. Pre bull leads into 2024 1st bull and 2025 2nd bull, maybe second bull is synonymous for blow off top. We are most of the way through pre bull, and this is like. I feel like this is a part of a bell curve meme where it's just so stupid simple to understand that it's just like, oh, the cycles can't play out. Efficient market hypothesis. We're not going to have another cycle again. It can't be four year cycles over and over and over again. That's the mid curve take. And I think the left curve take is just like. It goes in four year cycles.
Speaker A: Yeah, I totally agree. And so is the right curve take. Right? So we got bear, we got pre bull, we got first bull, we got second bull. And if you look at this chart, I mean, it kind of maps, right? So 2023 is like 2019, which is what we've been saying, which is like 2015, which is like 2012. Remember 2012?
Speaker B: No, I don't.
Speaker A: I was not here for 2012.
Speaker B: 2019, I would definitely characterize as just price being completely divergent from fundamentals. And that's definitely what I feel.
Speaker A: David, this is the base case. This is kind of my prediction. You know, like, it's hard to make predictions on cycles, yet I'm kind of ready to make it. I feel like it's probably going to play out this way.
Speaker B: Yep. Until proven otherwise.
Speaker A: Tell me about friend tech. All right, so you alluded to this in the intro. You were talking about coming back from burning man, being surprised that friend tech was still a thing.
Speaker B: And it's still a thing four times larger than I left it. Okay.
Speaker A: How do we know it's still a thing? I think we should talk about some metrics here.
Speaker B: Yeah, we got. There's a dune board that we can look at. I'll pull out some of the details here. The numbers I'm about to spit out are already five days old, and so there's even more numbers than this. But from the 8 September, new users came in at 1000 new users up 50%. Returning users 4025% up 25%, and then total incoming users. And this is as of just before recording, total users of friend tech. Unique users. Unique addresses for 1000, 480,000. And these are much more.
Speaker A: Wait, can you be that number again?
Speaker B: 148,000 unique users of friendtech. Unique Twitter accounts that have signed into Friendtech. Which is why this is a better metric than just like, a unique Ethereum address. Wow. The volume, the TvL of Friendtech, 18,000 ether, that's $28 million. And that's 4500 ether in fees that has been collected by the system. And that is. That has been split. One half of those fees goes to the Friendstech team. The other half goes to all the friends tech participants, all the people that are aggregating the trading fees. 2.2 million transactions. 2.2 million transactions.
Speaker A: Can I ask you a question about this tvl really quick?
Speaker B: Sure.
Speaker A: So is this TvL all eth we're talking about?
Speaker B: It's all eth.
Speaker A: 28 million in ETH. We're not talking about a native friendtech token. There is no token blading.
Speaker B: Nope. No stable coins. It's an EtH maxi system. There's only one currency inside of friendtech, and that's Ethan.
Speaker A: That is great.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I'm very excited about this. Okay, so, but, but remember, I mean, we did this episode. There's Ponzi. There's Ponzi economics behind this, of course. A little bit.
Speaker B: Little bit. I mean, this mostly, it's kind of true for all type types of finance. Like finance is perceived. Yeah. So these are all paper gains.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Because that's how finance works. Finance is paper gains. So the zero x racer alt, who's one of the creators of Friendtech, his share price is 8.8 ethereum. There are 360 shares, which they call keys, which I'll call shares. Market cap 970 ether. So racer taught number one on Friendtech, market cap of almost 1000 ether, followed by Xerox captain Levi. Xerox Captain Levi. There's an interesting story to him. I think this is true. He wasn't an influencer or anyone really, before friend tech.
Speaker A: He's just been working.
Speaker B: He has been working the system. Absolutely grinding. He came into my chair room, my key room, whatever, and said, hey, David, will you buy one of my shares? And I'm like, okay. It's like his share price. .002. Like, I don't, I'll just appease this individual. I don't know who they are.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: So I buy one of his shares. He is now number two. Wow. Fair price of 6.5 ether. It's one of the biggest. It's by far the biggest returns I've ever had. And at the time I was like, oh, okay, fine, I'll just do it. And now I'm like, man, I should have bought ten.
Speaker A: Well, all of these are still crypto people, which is somewhat interesting.
Speaker B: Yeah. All the onlyfans people have been pushed out and they crypto people are back on top.
Speaker A: Oh, really? I wonder what the next cohort is. Do you think this still has staying power or is this just.
Speaker B: This has way more staying power than I thought that it would. Remember the three comma, three from. Yeah. So that started to emerge, which has raised my heckles about, man, that doesn't feel staining.
Speaker A: That's a Ponzi game wrapped in a Ponzi game.
Speaker B: Three three came from the Olympus Dao, which had some astronomical price action in 2021 and then also in reverse as well, because three three was. What was three three is like, hey, everyone, buy and don't sell. And that doesn't work over the long.
Speaker A: Period of time because the game theory, someone's going to sell at some point in time.
Speaker B: Why are people doing this? Why is three, three emerging? Well, why is TVL and friendstech going up? Well, people are farming the airdrop. People are starting to unpack the black box of the points distribution. There's a points distribution at the end of every single week. And people are assuming that this is going to just be a precursor, like how many points you have is going to lead to how much tokens that you get for the airdrop. And so people are starting to figure out the algorithm for how they're distributing points, and they're realizing that if you just have a high portfolio balance, you'll get a lot of points. And so that's incentivizing people buying people shares. So they don't really care about people's shares. They're just buy, just hit buy so you can farm the airdrop. So this has turned into an airdrop farm, I would say.
Speaker A: I get it. Yeah, I get it. I still don't, I'm still a netanyahood. Like, I think this is still a net good. I think it's still doing more good than ours.
Speaker B: Sound hesitant?
Speaker A: Yeah, we did an entire episode and why there's some hesitancy, but this is fairly fascinating. The first month, 5.3 million paid to creators through friend tech, 5.3 million in app revenue. We talked about the TVL. This is one particular user's experience here. This is not easy, tweeting this out. I only deposited about five ETH into friendtech some weeks ago. And then he's showing his portfolio value and it's like 19 ETH right now, including 7.1 ETH in trading fees. So some people are now making some substantial money from.
Speaker B: Check how many followers this guy has. How many followers? Is this a big influencer or is this a.
Speaker A: How do, are you talking about their twitter?
Speaker B: Yeah, not easy. They have 110,000 followers. Okay. I would definitely categorize that person as an influencer. So they are getting some trading fees. Those trading fees are coming from the benefits of just having a lot of social capital. But, man, those, the portfolio numbers, I mean, that's just capital appreciation of friends that. Friends shares are up.
Speaker A: There you go. Friends shares are up. David, what do we have coming up next?
Speaker B: Coming up next, CFTC takes their turn as being the bad guy of the week, not to be upstaged. Gary wants that position, that number one spot. So he's doubling down. He's doubling down on his anti crypto approach. Metamask launches snaps so we're going to talk about that. And also, FTX bankruptcy is incoming. A massive sell wall of crypto. How will that affect markets? We're going to unpack some of those numbers and more, but first, a moment to talk about our fantastic sponsors, Kraken, who are in the Kraken booth on stage here at permissionless. So thank you, Kraken, for supplying the booth, the charts and also sponsoring bank list. Let's go hear from them right now.
Speaker A: David, sad news. This week, the CFTC charged some DeFi protocols. These are fantastic, I think, fantastic teams, great defi protocols.
Speaker B: Used them.
Speaker A: I feel like. Anakin, I thought you were the chosen one.
Speaker B: What, to the CFTC?
Speaker A: Yeah. No, it wasn't, Anakin. Who was it? It was Obi Wan. Thank you, Anakin. I mean, the CFTC was supposed to be, I think, a lot of people in crypto, a much more moderate, incredibly neutral version of a regulator. And we were constantly pointing out, hey, sec, we wish you could be more like the CFTC.
Speaker B: Be more like them.
Speaker A: And so that's the context through which this press release comes out. I'll read the title. CFTC issues orders against operators of three defi protocols for offering illegal digital asset derivatives training. What are these protocols, David?
Speaker B: Open Zero X and Derex open, if you are familiar with Squeef, which is squared eth, which is a leveraged product that came from open Zero X or matcha. They've also had a number of integrations across the space. Matcha. I've used matcha quite often. Derek's less familiar with Derek's, but it's another derivatives exchanges. Derivatives, of course, fall under the purview of the CFTC. And so they have deemed that they don't like these projects.
Speaker A: Yeah. So Derek's and open were charged with failing to register as a swap execution facility, failing to register as a futures commission merchant, failing to adopt a customer id program. That's bank Secrecy act aml KYC stuff. And they were all charged with illegally offering leveraged and margin retail commodity transactions in digital assets. Oh my God. Can you imagine?
Speaker B: It sounds like a bunch of nation states speak.
Speaker A: I mean, some of these things were just basically levered assets. I mean, open has been here since the very beginnings of Defi. They were one of the initial kind of options projects I've explored. Just a fantastic team, I believe, based in the US, Zero X as well. Oh, geez. They built some.
Speaker B: Will Warren. Shout out Will Warren.
Speaker A: Yeah, and Derek's not so sure about the. But like, this is quite the chilling effect. I think so. The finds were not substantial.
Speaker B: These aren't long tail, shitty defi projects.
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: These are our friends and families, just like inside of the crypto space building primitives to support permissionless finance.
Speaker A: Yep. So it's pretty sad. It's kind of depressing. The fines were not substantial. So open two hundred fifty k, zero x two hundred k. Derek's one hundred.
Speaker B: K. And a cease and desist.
Speaker A: And a cease and desist. God. So I don't know what the future of open is. They haven't released anything public around this. I think for Zero X and Matcha, it means basically, like from their front end, basically delisting some of these leveraged tokens. Right. Because, you know, adults in America can't make wise choices. And so if you have a levered eth product, it's not allowed. Right.
Speaker B: So matcha is a front end to Xerox, which is spun up by the Xerox company. But the Xerox protocol is just like uniswap. Anyone who wants to deliste assets can f off. You can't.
Speaker A: Yep. Yep. So anyway, quite the chilling effect. So what does a new company Defi project do now? The CFTC is also going a little bit rogue. Going a little bit. Gensler. There was one commissioner that dissented here.
Speaker B: Oh, in Hester per style.
Speaker A: Yes. Hester per style descent, which was good to see, but also unfortunate. David, only one? I don't know how many CFTC commissioners there are. It's like five to seven, something like that. David's googling it for us, but only one dissented. It would have been nice to see another voice, another couple of voices here.
Speaker B: Anyway, five commissioners.
Speaker A: Commissioner Summers, merchandise. Dissent went like this. The commission's orders in these cases give no indication that customer funds have been misappropriated or that any market participants have been victimized by the DeFi protocols in which the commission has unleashed. I like that word. Unleashed its enforcement powers. I am concerned that the commission in these cases is taking another step down the path of reinforcement actions when we should be engaging the public.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's a good point. No one that I know feels aggrieved. There are no, there are no victims here.
Speaker A: There aren't. So. But the CFDC feels aggrieved enough to shut it down in America. This is, I think, a pessimistic take from Gabe Shapiro, but maybe an accurate one. What's his take here?
Speaker B: Gabe says that the CFTC is an even worse regulator. Oh, that's, this SEC is pretty bad. I'm assuming he's alluding to the comparison of the SEC, he says, if you run any kind of interface, et cetera, for a DeFi credit protocol, block the United States. Many people told me I was crazy when I said that the CFTC's case against Ooki Dao, that's the BZX protocol, simply makes Defi illegal under the CFTC's view of us law. I was right. Okay.
Speaker A: The prospect of a regulator being worse than the SEC, I'm not ready to go that far. But this really, this case does not look good. And here's something that's equally disconcerting in these charges. David Anton Chang making the point that geo blocking was not enough in this case. So open was fine. 250K sent that seat and cease and desist for leveraged EtH that wasn't even executed through open. It was executed through Uniswap. Okay.
Speaker B: And so they bought the asset through Uniswap, and then they charged open because open created the asset.
Speaker A: Yeah, but the website that open maintained actually implemented geo blocking. So if you went to the website for open, they were doing the right thing by banning, you know, american residents from participating.
Speaker B: The right thing. Yeah.
Speaker A: The fact that it was on Uniswap was enough, and the fact that they took what they thought were preventive measures to make the CFTC happy was not enough.
Speaker B: Even though they will never be anything. That's enough. Nothing will be enough.
Speaker A: Absolutely brutal here. So this is Jake Trevinsky. Perhaps we should later rest the idea that the CFTC is a better regulator for crypto than the SEC. Today, the CFTC violated the court's opinion in the Uniswap class action, its own principles to attack on Defi. The uniswap course case was. Of course, we talked about that last roll up. That was a big boon for crypto and defi.
Speaker B: You know what? If we can take this to court, is this just more surface area for future wins?
Speaker A: I don't know, David, because they keep just respawning Gary Gensler's. They've got like, unlimited Gary Genslers that they're throwing at us. All right? And so they're response pretty high.
Speaker B: Absolute nightmare.
Speaker A: Yeah. So, but when I made this point to Jake, all right, here's part of the silver lining, and I do want to get to the silver lining in a minute. I said, hey, it feels like we're losing here. What's happening? Jake says they could say whatever they want in a settlement agreement or in speeches or in guidance or in notices of proposed rulemaking. None of it counts unless a court says it does. You may have noticed that we keep winning in courts. That's not going to stop. In the end, we win. The courts are slower moving, but they are making the right decisions. In the end, we win. I happen to believe that, David. I think we're on the right path.
Speaker B: Okay. So there's potential here for these companies to take the CFTC to court and we can win 100%.
Speaker A: I mean we have to be bankrolled to do that. We have to be ready to do that. We have to bankroll. There is another CFTC commissioner that's recommending an alternative approach. I noticed that commissioner fam here, that is her name. She did not dissent and I wish she would have. Although she is proposing a pilot program, a sandbox, so that companies can come in and I guess use the sandbox type approach so that they foster innovation. Maybe that'll take off, maybe not. It hasn't worked. When Hester Peirce proposed it on the SEC side.
Speaker B: Is this, is this so like there's always that question of like is this malicious or is this ignorance? Yeah, I don't know, I'm. Is it, am I overly optimistic to call it ignorance like because they, the punchline that we know is that they are asking things that are impossible and they are not. There is no way out for these protocols to be compliant based on the nature of what they are. And so. And then they are giving charges anyways. Ignorance?
Speaker A: No, not at this point, David. I think that, I think I'm in team. This is malicious. This is an actual kind of squelching of what we're doing here. It's another overreach. It's a, it's a mini Gary Gensler type of move. We've seen it play out. The SEC. I do think that regulators incentives skew in this direction.
Speaker B: Anyway, there you, did I say a line I remember forever ago about just like why, why might you want to be bearish about the state of regulation is because like all the smart regulators get frustrated and then they go leave into the private markets. Like Brian quintends of the, formerly of the CFTC, now at a 16 z. We like Brian. You were talking to him on stage. Yeah, he's no longer in the regulatory apparatus. He is at a 16 z where he probably feels much better able to suit the industry and work and work forwards.
Speaker A: Yeah, there's like a values brain drain where they kind of get sucked out into crypto. The chairman of only status are left. Yeah, the chairman of the CFTC is a gentleman by the name of Roston Benham. And I feel like he should come on the podcast. Uh, he's a democratic appointee. He hasn't embraced anything crypto positive yet. So we'll see. Yo, Gary does not want to be upstaged this week. Okay. We're talking about the CFTC, and apparently he doesn't like that. So he had some things to say. He was called in front of senate, in a senate hearing, and he took some time out of his testimony to say some things about crypto. You want to hear it?
Speaker B: All right, let's do it. And help protect Americans from the crypto.
Speaker A: Abuses that cost consumers billions.
Speaker B: If they were to live up to the investor protection built into their current laws, it would help investors. But right now, unfortunately, there's significant noncompliance, and it's a field which is rife with fraud, abuse, and misconduct that's malicious. I know malicious when I can see it.
Speaker A: Significant noncompliance that is rife with fraud, abuse, and misconduct.
Speaker B: You know, he never actually lists any companies when he says not compliance. Just like homogenous general. It's all of them vibe of non compliance.
Speaker A: Yes, they feel very non compliant. He actually continued. We've seen this story before. Gary said, it's reminiscent of what we had in place in the 1920s, before the federal securities laws were put in place, of course. Right. It was the wild west, and then the SEC wrote in and saved the day. Thus, we have brought a number of enforcement actions, some settled and some in litigation, to hold wrongdoers accountable and promote investor protection. So that's how he feels about crypto.
Speaker B: David, if there's one thing that I think listeners should do is they should listen to Eric Voorhees opening speech at permissionless.
Speaker A: My God.
Speaker B: Brought the absolute guns to the table, man. That was. It really started off the conference that well. And if anyone feels energized to have some anti nation state regulation content thrown their way, definitely listen to Eric's speech.
Speaker A: You know, the thing about that speech, and I think Eric's approach in general.
Speaker B: He called us farm animals.
Speaker A: Well, he could, you know, so it's sort of that type of talk, right, from Eric.
Speaker B: He gets, like, right to the pretty militant.
Speaker A: He goes almost like a militant towards it. But what I love about Eric is it's no apologies. Like, what do we have to apologize for?
Speaker B: Unapologetic. Yeah.
Speaker A: One of his comments there was, they should be giving Hayden Adams a Nobel.
Speaker B: Prize for creating orderly markets, doing the Sec's job. Yes.
Speaker A: And what are we doing?
Speaker B: Suing people. Suing, suing.
Speaker A: Getting unify out of here. Suing. Suing matcha, suing zero x. That's what we're doing. I do think, though, David, I mentioned the, like, my favorite, one of my favorite. Your panels were great, too, denigrating your panels.
Speaker B: But your one panel was, this panel was great.
Speaker A: Okay. And the reason it was great is because Hester purse was there. You hear what she says, david?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: If Chair Gensler did wake up tomorrow morning and say, you know what? I want to take a new, I want to chart a new course, what would that new course look like? What kind of solutions would you recommend for us? Where are the problems that you're seeing, having that kind of stuff ready to go, if we can really work on developing those kinds of solutions now. And I know Congress is working certainly on that. I know that there's a lot of industry work being done on that. But having those concrete solutions ready to go when chair Gensler does wake up on the other side of the bed and say, I'm going to do things differently, then. If we're doing that, I think we're in a good place. If we're just, if we're just going to be in this bad place we are. That we're in now, and then when that change happens, there's nothing there to put in its place, then we're in a really bad place because it takes a long time to get these changes worked through. So we need to be really ready to go when the opportunity strikes.
Speaker B: I do appreciate how she just assumes that in inevitability of time, Gary Gensler will come to the light of, yeah. One will be forced or have be enlightened, probably forced. Yeah.
Speaker A: I actually think there might be some replacement going on. And I, for one, would be happy to nominate Hester Peirce, chair of SEC. I think she do a fantastic job. You have a tweet here. Do you want to.
Speaker B: Yeah. While I was watching your one panel, I tweeted out a mountain of respect for Hester Peirce, who eagerly shares opinions in public forums while her role at the SEC constrains what she can say. She can't talk directly about the SEC versus ripple or grayscale cases or speak on behalf of the SEC directly, but she gets on stage and speaks her mind anyways. She engages with us, she comes permissionless. She chats with you. Could you imagine? She chats with you, Ryan?
Speaker A: No, I think it's fantastic. And Tom Emmer was there. They've got some legislation, there's some stuff going I do think it's an inevitability that the US writes the ship. I just. I hope it doesn't take, you know, years. So meanwhile, while all this is going on, institutions continue to adopt. I think they're pretty excited about the spot bitcoin ETF. It's going to happen. It's going to happen. So what are we looking at here?
Speaker B: Well, it just so happens that another trad institution with $1.5 trillion in wealth filed for another spot bitcoin ETF this week, Franklin Templeton, which is perhaps the most boomer name I can think of for our financial institution.
Speaker A: Franklin Templeton.
Speaker B: No, it just sounds very.
Speaker A: It doesn't even sound real.
Speaker B: It sounds extremely traddez. They have $1.4 trillion in assets under management. So that's kind of.
Speaker A: Yes, I feel like I should have heard.
Speaker B: Yeah, I feel like I should know them. Yeah, they have filed for the spot bitcoin ETF. So there's another big trad institution pushing for this as well. The interesting thing about this one is that Kraken is actually the oracle for the prices for the spot bitcoin ETF. So cool.
Speaker A: Congrats to Kraken on that one oracle in this context. What do we mean by that?
Speaker B: So these spot and the ETF, all the ETF's need an oracle. It's actually not Kraken specifically. It's CF benchmarks, which is wholly owned by Kraken. So Kraken subsidiary is doing the spot bitcoin pricing. And so you remember when one of the. I can't remember which, but some of the, one of the bitcoin ETF spots, like updated their filing to include surveillance, sharing and then all the other ones also is like, oh, we have to also include that. So this spot bitcoin and ETF, the new thing about this one is they're using CF benchmarks Kraken subsidiary to provide the surveillance sharing. And they are the one thing doing the thing that is the final nail in the coffin about why the SEC is claiming that it is not approving a bitcoin ETF. Now we are doing that thing. And that's the thing that CF benchmarks is doing. I just learned about this just now.
Speaker A: We are closing in on this.
Speaker B: There's nothing left. Nothing left. You have to approve it.
Speaker A: If you want to get a bit more optimistic on the regulatory landscape in the US, you got to watch the panel. We'll include a link in the show notes to the permissionless panel that we were referencing. Also, David, this was some news this week. Okay. This is FTX, the ghost of FTX. It's still here. They're going bankrupt, of course, and they got a lot of crypto. They don't like crypto. They have to sell. That's a lot of crypto in order to give back to their creditors. So the question in my mind, and I think in Crypto's mind, is who is going to take the hit from all of this? All right. I mean, what do their bags look like? It's reported, David, that they have 3.4 billion in crypto assets at current prices. At current prices. And they are allowed by the courts to sell up to 100 million worth of tokens per week, and that can be increased up to 200 million.
Speaker B: Oh, man.
Speaker A: That's a lot of sell pressure, my friend.
Speaker B: Sell pressure. Yeah. Okay, so which assets are under question? Of course, the big question to have the biggest asset that they have to sell is going to be Sol. Solana at $1.16 billion, because a lot. A lot of this Solana is locked, and I think locked for a very long amount of time.
Speaker A: What do you mean by locked?
Speaker B: So they can't sell it vested. Yeah. So they. The FTX was an investor in Solana. Of course, the Solana FCX relationship was, like, ripe in 2021, 2022. Now that FTX is gone, Solana is clear from that. But they still have a lot of vested soul. I think the last of it unlocks in, like, 2027 or 2029. So it's over a very long period of time.
Speaker A: You know what, though? I still totally think you can sell that OTC. Someone buy the, like.
Speaker B: Oh, you're right.
Speaker A: Yeah, the vesting.
Speaker B: You're right. So if there was an OTC buyer, they could buy the locked Solana, but that wouldn't.
Speaker A: That wouldn't be self interest.
Speaker B: It wouldn't rise. But still, like, over there is. It's a very significant amount of Solana. Like a very.
Speaker A: Is that, like, 10% of market cap?
Speaker B: Something close to that $1.16 billion of Solana is going to be. Let's let me go look at the Solana market cap. The Solana market cap is $7.4 billion of market cap, $10 billion. So, yeah, that's about. That's about 10% of the sole market cap itself pressure over the next five plus years. It's a long time. It's a lot of soul. Yeah. It's a pretty big overhang. Yeah. What else we got after that is going to be bitcoin. So bitcoin coming in at number two, at $560 million, that is fully liquid, of course. And then ether is number three. At $192 million.
Speaker A: I feel like that's a decent amount for bitcoin. But, like, the bitcoin and ether amounts, I feel like bitcoin and ether can, like, kind of eat that.
Speaker B: Yes. Yeah, I mean, Sam always, like, there was a general resistance and resentment between the Ethereum community and Sam. And so as a result of that, like, there was just less ether proportionally than other assets.
Speaker A: Oh, cool.
Speaker B: Right? So, like, there's a hundred, there's $192 million of ether, a very liquid asset. There's $137 million of aptos, a very illiquid asset.
Speaker A: That's gonna hurt.
Speaker B: I don't know how that's probably also locked up. But again, that's a massive overhang for apdos, tether, XRP. There's some other ones as well.
Speaker A: Yeah, this is going to be some sell pressure.
Speaker B: That's some overhang.
Speaker A: Do you think this is going to affect prices, or do you think it's more specific to these particular assets?
Speaker B: The reason why there's four year cycles is because of reflexivity. Once people realize the game is on, then the game is on. And I think the sell pressure of this will be a meme that resurges its head over and over and over again, and maybe weeks will have downward cell pressure as kind of like the Mount Gox thing is. Like, every once in a while people are like, oh, malt Gox is going to sell. And then it never actually happens. It's probably going to be something like that.
Speaker A: Yeah. All right, David, what do we have coming up next?
Speaker B: Coming up next, Scrolls Mainnet is announced for when? Well, we know and we'll tell you, but not now. Vitalik's X account is hacked as a result of the sim swap attack and a bunch of other stuff as well. We're going to get through all the news and more, but first, a moment from these fantastic sponsors that make this show possible, especially metamask portfolio. Also here on the floor at permissionless, we're going to talk about metamask snaps coming up. So thank you for Metamask, for sponsoring this message. Let's go hear from them right now.
Speaker A: David, this caught our attention this week. This is from Mike Neuter, who is an EF researcher, and he published.
Speaker B: Also my rock climbing buddy. Oh, yeah.
Speaker A: You guys climb rocks together?
Speaker B: Yeah, he's in Williamsburg with me.
Speaker A: What do you climb? Right, bouldering.
Speaker B: Yeah. He called himself a pebble wrestler, which is a nickname for bouldering and I thought that was just absolutely hilarious.
Speaker A: Okay, so this pebble wrestler is proposing a two tiered staking proposal, presenting a hypothetical native liquid staking token design. If that doesn't mean anything to you, it's basically like, rather than having an LST and leaving that up to, like, this, quote, unquote, private market, lidos, the rocket pools. Anybody else you know this wells? Anybody else who does it? Making that part of the protocol. Enshrining liquid staking token as part of the protocol. Now, I don't think either of us have gone into the design of this, and we'd probably have to do an entire episode with your pebble climber. Wait, was it pebble wrestler? Pebbler wrestler. In order to find out what this is.
Speaker B: I hope he's gonna be okay with this.
Speaker A: But I think it's interesting. I think that is interesting. It's like a countermeasure. It's a possible countermeasure move where, like, the public state. I'm gonna use government analogies here for a second.
Speaker B: Please do.
Speaker A: Just hang with me. So firewood, it's like a. The public nation state is saying, oh, this is a monopoly. This is threatening the public good of what we're creating of our citizens. And so we're going to grab this private asset and make it a state run asset. Okay. And they're not quite grabbing the assets. So they're not like, taking LST. They're just providing an outlet. They're like, rather than private, we'll have a public type.
Speaker B: Maybe.
Speaker A: It's like public healthcare, I guess, in that whole debate.
Speaker B: Single payer healthcare. Yeah.
Speaker A: People are going to get massively triggered by all of this with what I just said. But I feel like it's a helpful analog, I think.
Speaker B: That's right. And this is actually very, like, fitting with what the role I see the role of the AF is, and I've heard this articulated elsewhere, it's an antitrust force for Ethereum. Yes. Antitrust force, where a monopoly emerges that impacts the protocol, like, I would call it. Consider uniswap a monopoly in liquidity, because it's, like, dominates 80% to 90% of liquidity and swaps in Ethereum. Does that impact the protocol? No. Is Lido a growing monopoly, and might it impact the protocol? Yes. Or any other LST that might grow to have more than 33% share what Mike is doing here? They are proposing, like, hey, here is an LST system that we can enshrine as a credibly neutral force in the protocol itself, where there's no token, there's no profit motives, there's no anything. And it is like state run infrastructure to ensure the credible neutrality of ethereum. I would say that the Pepsi PEPC from Barnaby protocol and force proposer commitments is of a similar vibe to eigen layer. Yep. So if eigenlayer kind of grows so incredibly large that it needs a check by the protocol, we have Pepsi ready to go. It's not ready to go, but is in development. And so this is of a similar vein.
Speaker A: Again, I just skimmed the details, but this has some economic ramifications that I'm not. I am entirely comfortable.
Speaker B: Yeah, we're gonna have to talk to Mike about this.
Speaker A: So I don't really know if I support this proposal or not, but I'm in kind of finding out more mode, and I think it's interesting nonetheless. All right, while we're on the infrastructure track, let's talk a little bit about metamask. I feel like this is actually a pretty big upgrade to infrastructure for metamask. This week, they launched metamask snaps in.
Speaker B: Open beta for brewing for a while.
Speaker A: My simplest explanation of this is if you think of a wallet as a browser, so think of, like, the analog to the Internet. You know, you had early kind of Netscape Internet explorer, and now you're probably, like, using chrome or brave or something like that. A wallet is kind of like an Internet explorer for crypto, or it's kind of like a browser for crypto. And, you know, the ability that browsers have had, I feel like chrome really pioneered this with different extensions. So you go to kind of the chrome extension store, you download your favorite extensions. So, ironically, metamask is actually an extension on top of your chrome browser. And now it's that ironic.
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker A: It's fun.
Speaker B: It's something.
Speaker A: Yeah. What's the definition of irony anyway? Didn't.
Speaker B: Elena, let's stop this podcast and consider this.
Speaker A: We'll do an entire episode on it, put in the backlog. Okay. So what they're doing is basically giving the ability to launch extensions onto metamask. That's what a snapshot is.
Speaker B: What are metamask snaps? It's extensions for your metamask, not just extensions, because it can also. You can kind of change the default about metamask the way that it looks.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So it can be an extension. It can do anything. Metamask snaps can do anything. There are already developers that have been building metamask snapsh under the hood for a while. So there are some snaps ready to go. And so this is just kind of going to. This is going to be probably the biggest upgrade to metamask since inception.
Speaker A: I think makes it, like, permissionless. Anybody can deploy an extension, open source.
Speaker B: Metamask, open source snaps.
Speaker A: So all of those things, you're like, metamask. When are you going to implement this feature? And I don't know how many times.
Speaker B: Build a snap for it. Build a snap.
Speaker A: Somebody can build a snap for that one. So there's a library. I plan to spend some time discovering different snaps, seeing one's useful, and, you know, maybe we'll do an article on this in bakeless newsletter.
Speaker B: Snaps.
Speaker A: David. David Vitalik was hacked.
Speaker B: Oh, no.
Speaker A: Last week. You're not worried about this?
Speaker B: I just know about it.
Speaker A: Okay. Not a surprise for David here. Okay. So what happened, though?
Speaker B: Okay, so surprise. You can turn off sms, two factor authentication on Twitter, on X, but you can still use it to recover a password. So there's two things that you need to turn off in order to cover your traces on Twitter. I actually did not know this, and now I do know this, so I turned it off for me. But this is how vital got Sim swapped, and that's how they got access to his Twitter. I think $691,000 and a couple crypto punks from some ogs got drained. One thing I definitely learned from this is ogs fell for this. And when I read this tweet, I immediately recognized it as, like, this is a compromised tweet. And it was interesting that some ogs fell for it and other people, like, didn't. I'm realizing that getting phished depends on the context that you're in. So, like, og, why are ogs getting phished? Because maybe they're just not on Twitter that often. They don't. It's a Twitter skill, not a web three skill.
Speaker A: Yeah. So let's talk about the mechanics of what happened. Out of nowhere, it looked like Vitalik's Twitter account published. This tweet is basically to celebrate proto dank sharding. That's very precise. Yeah, Dalek might say that. No, he wouldn't ever say that. But anyway, coming to Ethereum, consensus is, and then it goes on, you can mint an NFT.
Speaker B: There's a call to action to mint an NFT.
Speaker A: Exactly. And so this was actually some fisher that had taken over Vitalik's account. And if you go to try to mint this NFT, right. There's some code in there, malicious code, that will actually drain your wallet and steal all of your funds.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker A: And so what David was saying is some ogs, like some crypto native people actually fell for this because. Oh, it's. It's Vitalik's official account.
Speaker B: This is such a sad, fun fact. This is a sad fact. The first ever crypto punk that was minted got drained.
Speaker A: Oh, my God.
Speaker B: Crypto punk number one.
Speaker A: Yeah. If it's a sad, fun fact, then I don't think it's fun.
Speaker B: I think it's just a sad, sad fact.
Speaker A: So that's what happened. And how did it happen, as you're saying, he was sim swapped and. Which means somehow his carrier, I think it was like T Mobile or something like this, probably do some. So some hacker called them up and convinced them somehow to port his phone.
Speaker B: Over the other phone.
Speaker A: And because in Twitter, actually, if you sign up for Twitter blue, they ask for your phone number. Okay. So I'm sure Vitalik went through that process, gave the phone number, and then if somebody is sim swaps your account and triggers password, account recovery. Account recovery, then it sends it to the new phone number and that's how this all happened. Very sad. What are the lessons here?
Speaker B: So he actually, Vitalik went to Farcaster to talk about this. I'm assuming he's regained access to his Twitter. But the main mic drop moment was that, well, Farcaster, you can't be Sim swapped because there's no phone for Farcaster. It is your ens name is your Ethereum address. So far, caster accounts have assurances here about how and who can access those things, which I find because it's secure.
Speaker A: It's secured by private key.
Speaker B: It's secured by private key.
Speaker A: That's the big difference here. So that's a takeaway, I guess. Another message is, watch out for sim swaps.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I mean, you can have your mobile company add a pin number. Let me just say that does not necessarily protect it.
Speaker B: The social engineering. Honestly, this is pretty goddamn damning of phone companies. We should be pretty upset as an industry, as all of these phone companies that aren't taking this problem seriously, and likely one of the culprits are probably coming from inside the house.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Like, it's either social engineering externally, or somebody in T Mobile, an employee, or access to T mobile databases and servers who can have the ability to do this. So, T Mobile, yo, look at your shit.
Speaker A: Yeah, well, you know, I don't know if they listen to bank list, but.
Speaker B: Somebody at who works at T Mobile listens to bank list.
Speaker A: So odds are, what can people do, though? All right, so one thing you can do is try to call them, add the pin number to your account. That's kind of going to be a dead end. Some people use Google fi, at least in the US, and this is, this has no vector for attack in this way. Right. So it's all kind of Google advanced protection, and you can really lock it down and there's no way to social engineer it. That's another mechanism for that. That's how to prevent SIm swap. What you really need to do, what you really need to make sure of, is none of your key accounts, like Twitter or Gmail, have a phone number activated account recovery.
Speaker B: Okay, so that means just remove your phone number from your web two life.
Speaker A: Yeah, because that means if you do get Sim swapped, no one can actually get inside of your accounts. So it's, you know, at worst, you know, two day inconvenience kind of thing, where you get your account restored. So that's the learning lesson there and how we could protect ourselves. David, espresso partnering with off chain labs. Okay, what's going on here?
Speaker B: Yeah, off chain labs, aka Arbitrum and espresso, a decentralized sequencer. They have partnered up so that they can get some decentralized sequencing into the world of arbitrum. This improves transaction ordering to bring a shared sequencing option to arbitrum tech chains, you can fight front running and harmful forms of MeV. So this is just Mev fairness coming to the world of arbitrum. And this also is actually part of arbitrum strategy. They're like super chain strategy, if you will. They actually don't have a super chain strategy. They want to work with decentralized sequencers so that the aggregate of all chains can be sequenced together. So it's rather than having a super chain strategy like optimism, it's just like the, whoever has a chain, and so it's more, it's like the space between all of those super chains. Can whoever signs up for espresso is part of the arbitrum system, which is also more open. I think that's how that's worked.
Speaker A: I feel like we have to do some episodes on this, too.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: But my, I probably butchered my rough understanding of how this works is arbitrum is the only sequencer right now for arbitrum chains.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Now, espresso is also a sequencer, and any chain that espresso also services as a sequencer on. Let's say they're on arbitrum one and they're on all of the other arbitrum chains as well, and let's say they're also a sequencer on the optimism network. Right. That improves the interoperability between optimism, execution.
Speaker B: It's through shared sequencing.
Speaker A: Right. And that's very bullish. That is the reason why an arbitram might want to adopt someone like espresso. Right.
Speaker B: Because there's definitely some, like, network, some power law network effects to shared sequencing.
Speaker A: Absolutely. David, some nouns news this week. I'm not going to go through the whole thread, but 40% of nouns are quitting the Dao and claiming a refund. There's some nouns drama. Yeah.
Speaker B: Noun fork. Noun fork.
Speaker A: Okay, so what's going on here?
Speaker B: I think the way that this works is nouns. At some point in time, we're going for over 100 ether per noun, and that was one noun is sold every single day. So 100 ether into the nouns treasury. Nouns are now being sold for lower prices, like 20 to 30 ether a day, last I checked. Which means that a lot of nouns are, like, underwater. But nouns. One noun is one vote. There's a treasury of ether. And so I would assume that there is a desire for some nouns to get their ether back. And so 40% of nouns have done that.
Speaker A: It's basically like the rage quit option. Right?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Give your noun back, and you take your share. Your equivalent share of the Ethereum.
Speaker B: Yep. And so just. This is people just being disgruntled about the way that the nouns treasury is being handled. They just don't agree with the way the capital is out being allocated. And so they are saying, peace, we're out.
Speaker A: You know, I've. I talked to some. This is kind of a noun skeptic type thread. It's basically like, hey, decentralized treasuries don't work. Daos don't work, that sort of thing. And, you know, I think there are some flaws with. With a dao managed token vote. Treasuries, sure. But I also talked to a noun bull, William Pieser, who's actually like, hey, no, this is. Right. This is, like the cleansing process we need. And now we just have the true believers left. And now this Arb opportunity has been swallowed by the market. We have a smaller treasury, but that treasury is full of token votes by a rabid group of fans. So this is the natural kind of cleansing process. And, you know, nouns will be reborn.
Speaker B: Well, also, there's the potential here. So, like, early nouns buyers, like, for example, the first noun ever got sold for 613 ether, $1.9 million. And, like, for a long time, nouns were being sold for hundreds of ethereum. And so even if you are an early noun holder and you are down in ether, a new noun buyer who's buying a noun for 20 ether is buying 30 or 40 or 50 ethers worth of treasury with their 20 ether purchase. So it's actually rational for the early buyers to get their ether and then rebuy cheaper now, because newer buyers are buying free ether, basically. And they're like, I don't like that arb. I would like to rebalance my portfolio. And so I'm sure some nouners, some nouners are going to quit. Some nouners are going to rebuy at a lower price, and then there's going to be more equality across the Dow.
Speaker A: Yeah. So is it broken or is it working? Is it performing?
Speaker B: I think this is an example of an efficient market playing out. So I would say this is. Would be rational. This is rational expected.
Speaker A: I sort of think so, too, David. We're just going to breeze by this story, but the headline is crazy. So there's a cryptocurrency exchange founder in Turkey, and he was just jailed for 11,196 years.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's a lot of years, Ryan.
Speaker A: That's a lot of real time, man. Can you imagine if SBF was in Turkey? What would happen?
Speaker B: Oh, he would get a high score, for sure. That would be like hundreds of thousands of years.
Speaker A: Wow. Turkey does not mess around. This was for fraud, actually.
Speaker B: I love this fact. So why is he being sentenced for embezzling? For, like, stealing users funds? I love this fact. He said he's sentenced to 11,196 years and a $5 million fine. Wow. He stole one of those millions of dollars.
Speaker A: Okay, so apparently this guy, he really is like that SBF of Turkey, it sounds like. I don't know much about this story, but he's got the hubris of an SBF. He said this to the court. I am smart enough to lead any institution on earth, yo. That is evident in this company I established at the age of 22.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker A: I have not acted amateurishly.
Speaker B: Wow. I think he should just go to jail and do the whole, like, sardines and cigarettes Ponzi in there.
Speaker A: Oh, my God.
Speaker B: He can have it. He can have his jail institution.
Speaker A: SPF of Turkey. It's a long jail sentence, though. All right, catch this. The FBI is investigating the whole Barry Silbert versus Winklevoss white type of allegations. What's going on here?
Speaker B: Yeah. So as a part of an ongoing review of DCG and Genesis Global Capital, Genesis, the FBI agents, SEC staff, and New York City prosecutors sat down with Cameron Winklefoss to discuss his allegations of fraud that he levied against Barry Silbert. So, like, everyone is innocent until proven guilty. But some very big players are taking a look at what's going on here.
Speaker A: David, this is getting kind of serious.
Speaker B: I think pretty serious. I don't. I would not want to be in that position.
Speaker A: Mountain protocol has just launched, David. We're doing an entire episode on Mountain protocol. What's the TLDR of this thing?
Speaker B: Mountain protocol on chain t bills, part of the real world. Assets coming to be tokenized on chain. Mountain protocol is one of them, USDM. So instead of USDC, which has no native yield to it, USDM is a tokenized t bill. So it's trying to be a currency inside of defi, but instead with the native yield of the treasury market. So, makes sense, David, this is a.
Speaker A: Product I'd actually love.
Speaker B: I bet you would.
Speaker A: If we can get it through the regulatory gauntlet. It's like USDC, except USDC plus 5% yield. Well, it is good to me.
Speaker B: So it got through the regulatory gauntlet so far. So far.
Speaker A: So far, it just. It feels like it's taking kind of a tether type approach of like offshore type of approach. Anyway, listeners, you guys can listen to the podcast and let us know what you think about it. Another big launch this week was the bankless team.
Speaker B: Oh, that's us.
Speaker A: We told you guys about it last week, but we have now officially launched bankless claimable.
Speaker B: Claimables. I like that. What's a claimable, Ryan?
Speaker A: Well, it's a thing that you can claim on chain. It's usually has a. A valuable property associated with it. So it could be an airdrop, it could be something you were eligible for because you hold a specific NFT or NFT itself. Here's the point is, you really don't.
Speaker B: Know what you claimable could be anything.
Speaker A: They could be anything. And all you have to do is type your ETH address into this website, double check the URL, make sure you're on the bankless site and not on some fisher site.
Speaker B: The reason why we know that this is valuable is because we have a bankless product. Now, we have a thing that you can connect your metamask to, our airdrop hunter, etcetera, your wallet. There are 100,000 claimables that the bankless nation is able to claim. Yeah, we know this for a fact. We verified it. That is. And they are worth collectively $350,000 of claimables. That is not including the millions of dollars of arbitrum and Connext airdrops as well. There's a lot of money that bankless citizens. I don't know how many times I'm going to be so annoying. You all have money. Go get it using payables.
Speaker A: Go claim your stuff. Your free stuff, guys. So it's available for bankless citizens right now. Super excited about that release. Also, our friends over at blockworks who are helping to throw this conference with us, well, they did most of the heavy lifting.
Speaker B: They did the back end. Yes.
Speaker A: Blockworks research is announcing blockworks Analytics. I haven't checked out this product, but what is it, David?
Speaker B: They're saying this is a singular destination for real time data powered instincts. And so I think there are many products out there like this. Like the block has a data platform. I know the Defiant has a data platform. From what I'm seeing in this preview, I haven't been able to find the page. I don't know if it's actually launch launched yet. We are rushing through this conference, so apologies. The reason why I'm bullish about this particular analytics platform is that I think Mike Ippolito specifically, we just recently had him on bankless. But the two founders, they really know what's up. They know what is good data. I know in the preview you can see layer two sequencing profits. That's data that I'm interested in. So I think just the brains of Mike and the blockworks team, plus an analytics platform, I think we could get some really valuable insight out of that. So I'm looking forward to getting my hands on that.
Speaker A: David, this was kind of a cool release coming out of the conference as well. Layer Zero and Google Cloud. What is up with this?
Speaker B: So I just, before doing this roll up run, I came down from a panel talking about this with raz from layer zero and rich from Google Cloud. So layer zero has smart contracts on every chain, like the layer zero smart contracts, which are also immutable, by the way. That's kind of cool. And so any single new chain, so like Ethereum, layer one, optimism, mainnet, base, pick another chain, Solana, avalanche. And so any single chain has layer zero smart contracts. And then what these smart contracts do is with a, between the chains, you have an oracle provider passing messages between the layer zero smart contracts and that's how these chains become interoperable. Google Cloud is one of these oracles now, Oracle, if you, if I say the word oracle, you might think like price Oracle, because that's what, like something like Chainlink does this is not that we're using Oracle in a different context. This is an oracle that's saying, hey, this chain's messaging box has this date I'm going to pass that message to. I'm going to be the oracle for the other chain, the destination chain. And so kind of like how you have metamask RPC nodes and it defaults to infura or you can select that dropdown and you can pick a different one. This is like one of those, so kind of like how Google is the default search engine for your web browser. This is Google cloud being a oracle for the layer zero cross chain messaging network. I don't know if it's specifically default, but it is like a very strong first choice for people like me who, I'm not going to run a layer zero system or Oracle, I'm just going to pick Google because I pick Google for search engines. Fuck it, I'll pick them for you.
Speaker A: You mean hypothetical you, because you're not actually picking Oracle, are you?
Speaker B: I mean you have the option to, you have the option to, but you have Google out of the box to use.
Speaker A: I got it. Okay. I want to dip in sometime and evaluate what layer zero is doing. And it's not just layer zero.
Speaker B: There's a bunch of CCIP from Chainlink.
Speaker A: CIP from chain link, not CCCP. No, no, no, not that one. That's a different kind of work. And I want to evaluate the bridge type platform type play versus the super chain type play versus like intents, all of these things versus, I mean, I think they solve a similar problem in some way, which is like getting assets from one place to another. There's a there, there for sure, fragmented, multi chain ecosystem. And I don't know what the winners are going to look like, but we.
Speaker B: Need to, or why the winners will be the winners.
Speaker A: Yeah. The big question I haven't decided yet, David, what do we got coming up next?
Speaker B: Coming up next, questions from the nation takes of the week and a meme of Ryan in real life because it's so damn memeable. One of the questions, how do you calculate the market cap of ETH when we keep burning it? Interesting. We're going to get to all of this and more, but first I wanted to talk about these fantastic sponsors that make the show possible.
Speaker A: The question from dairy, if market cap is unit price multiplied by the circulating supply when we burn etH, aren't we reducing the market cap in a sense, or can we consider burn EtH part of the market cap? What say you, David?
Speaker B: Yes, ok, we, when we burn eth, it is gone. It is gone from the accounting, it is removed from the line item. So burnt ETH is no longer a part of the Ethereum market. Captain, we are literally reducing the circulating supply of ether. So you're both market cap and fully diluted for those that count. And so, no, you do not consider burnt ETH as part of the market cap. You do consider burnt ETH as part of the market cap that was burnt. So no, as we burn more eth, the market cap of ether goes down, which is why it's actually bullish, because that means when you buy either you're buying it at a better valuation the more that ether is burnt.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think there's maybe also some confusion on a distinction here. So the definition that the questioner gives of unit price times the circulating supply.
Speaker B: Right, that's market cap.
Speaker A: That is one definition of market cap. But I like fully diluted market cap a little bit better for this type of metric. Right. So, because I don't know, when you say circulating supply for ETH, what you actually need? I think that depends on different things. There are some projects where it's very clear what you mean. Right. So you got a bunch of tokens that are vested or lost. They're not circulating at all. I'm not sure entirely what, what you might mean by circulating, but let's, let's take a look at fully diluted. So that would be unit price.
Speaker B: Well, so for ether, market cap and fully diluted valuation is one to one.
Speaker A: It should be the same.
Speaker B: And bitcoin is, is also one to one, except for all of the lost coins out there. So bitcoin also has a lower market cap than actually reported because something like 3% of bitcoins is lost. So the real market cap of circulating supply of bitcoins is actually 3% lower than reported because everyone who just reports the market cap of bitcoin just includes.
Speaker A: There'S a lot of Eth that's burnt. There's also gone as well. I don't know what that.
Speaker B: But that is actually accounted for in the circulating supply.
Speaker A: Right. Okay. All right, David, we haven't compiled any takes this week, but let me ask you, what are you bullish on?
Speaker B: I am bullish on permissionless three. Go figure. At permissionless two, already focused on permissionless three. That's October in Salt Lake City. I kind of already gave my teas for why I think it's going to be exciting. The reason why I think permissionless is so cool is I'm very bullish on podcasters organizing conference content. It's just, it's the same skill set. I have been to my fair share of conferences out there, Ryan. I have seen when people who don't have that skillset organize talks and panels, and it's like, you know that one family guy meme of like, the giraffe platypus, elephant animal.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: That's how I feel out, like a typical conference. Like, what the hell is this panel? Who put this together? Who titled this? What moderate? This moderator is bad. Boo. I'm so mean.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's kind of mean.
Speaker B: David. It's pretty meandeh. I mean, so you, me, Mike, Jason, and the other many others at the blockworks, we organize every single bit of content here. The panels make sense.
Speaker A: I only organize the good ones. David, I don't know about you.
Speaker B: The panels and panels make sense. We do a good job. I think organizing content and the blockwork team is just so polished with actual event planning. It's really, and so I think we are both coming together and realizing that we're not done yet with improving the conference experience. I think just another three day conference of programming and talks is table stakes. And I want to do something net new in addition to that because we've got that unlocked. We figured that out, and I feel strong. We've done that twice in a row. Permissionless three. I want to be more than a conference. A conference and something. Yes, and I talked about that in the intro, but I think there's a lot of innovation, an arc of innovation to do in the crypto conference circuitous, because it's a very special time. It's the one time of year where the bankless community gets to show up in real life. We just had 100 people watching us at the very start. We're down to just a handful now. It's a time where your Twitter friends get to show up in real life. I was on a stage with Ethan Buchman from Cosmos, Anatoly from Solana, and Ben Jones from optimism, and we all just talked about, we hashed stuff out about our visions for the end game. You don't get that anywhere else. That's such low hanging fruit content. So I'm bullish on us doubling down on really diving into what a crypto native conference is and not just doing the same template of conference in the future.
Speaker A: That's cool. Yeah.
Speaker B: What are you bullish?
Speaker A: So I am bullish on the vibes of this conference.
Speaker B: Vibes are good.
Speaker A: This is the one conference that I go to. Obviously, I couldn't tell you if it's the best conference or not, David. I frankly have no idea.
Speaker B: I mean, special place for DEFcON, special place for ECC, but permissionless, it's a league of its own.
Speaker A: Yeah. So, like, the. But the vibes here for me were fantastic. The regulatory panel was bullish. I asked each of the panelists, you know, Tom Emmer, Hester purse, like, are we going to make it? Is the US going to make it? The answer was yes.
Speaker B: Hell, yes.
Speaker A: Like, hell, yes. Like, because we're here and we're fighting, and they showed up to this conference. I mean, that speaks volume in the bear market meeting. The community was so bullish. It just struck me how, yeah, this bear market is a bear market, but, like, it is ten x, the last bear market. Ten x bear in terms of builders, in terms of interest, in terms of value creation. And so just hang on, guys. I really made this full circle the very beginning where we were talking about the markets four year cycle. It is 2019 again, and this 2019 is ten x the last time we were in this part of the cycle. And the pre bull cycle is really where we are. And I feel like that should be this roll up title. We're in the pre bull cycle right now. And that was really impressed upon me. And I think you get that experience in real life and meeting everyone and seeing all of the builders and, yeah, I'm leaving this place more bullish than I was, David, for sure.
Speaker B: For sure. I've definitely been taking a moment to reflect today, walking around permissionless and, like, look around, look who's here. This is a bear market conference, and you don't get that many of these. And I say that in a good way. Like, bear market conferences are special because there's all your friends and there's no noise. Next year is going to be a little bit more wild.
Speaker A: The next one's gonna be crazy. All right, David meme of the week, what are we closing with? I don't know if I've screened this one. Oh, here it is.
Speaker B: This is Joseph Delong here at permissionless, running into Ryan, taking a selfie of Ryan with the caption, so proud of my son on his first day of high school. And, man, that slaps.
Speaker A: I'm disappointed with how many likes this guy, David. I'm in my white collared shirt. You know, I'm just looking like a. A little child. My back a little bit. A little bit.
Speaker B: It's.
Speaker A: It's. Yeah.
Speaker B: Hey, he's proud of you, though.
Speaker A: I let that man in the conference. You know, he's waiting outside. This is how you repay me, Joseph?
Speaker B: Oh, well.
Speaker A: All right. We're going to end with risks in a minute, but first we disclose. David and I are investors in Arbitrum. No, I'm not.
Speaker B: That's you. That's just you.
Speaker A: Oh, forgot about that. Yep, sorry about that, David. Oh, well, both David and I also hold Eth. We are long term investors. We're not journalists. We don't do paid content. There's a link to all bankless disclosures in the show notes. And let me leave you with this special sign off for permissionless two. Of course, crypto is risky. You could lose what you put in. But we are headed west. This is the frontier. It's not for everyone. But we're glad you're with us here on the bankless journey. Thanks a lot. This song is a security. I better register with the SEC. If it resells, I get a royalty. And the better I do, the more it will be. Hey, carry, give me a call, baby, and we can settle this once and for all. Maybe because it's so confusing. I don't know what you're doing. Is it?
Speaker B: I was.
Speaker A: You're abusing for kicks you keep losing in court. I know that's gotta hurt. Now you're trying to extort the JPEG. Pittsburgh. This song is a security. We better register with the SEC. With this reason. Come on, walk me through this.
Speaker B: If I've got to register.
Speaker A: How do I do this? Because long is my security. I better register with the SEC. It better I do, the more it will be.
