Speaker A: You can see the story of the AI bubble starting to form. Like, if you look left and right, like, AI crypto tokens are up, Nvidia is up. It's holding up the entire stock market. Nvidia is now the 7th most valuable asset in the world, the fourth largest publicly traded company. And then how does that impact the crypto markets? Because it does.
Speaker B: Bankless nation. It is a bullish February roll up, isn't it? David, how you doing, man? Oh, we still have to be quiet.
Speaker A: Quiet.
Speaker B: All that was last week?
Speaker A: No, until all time highs.
Speaker B: Well, I'm going to have a hard time being quiet because we've got three k. That's fair ether this week. All right, so we got to get loud about that, at least on the roll up.
Speaker A: I think we got three k. Like three times this week. We actually don't have it right now. We have $2,990 on the ETH prize.
Speaker B: Oh, come on, that counts. That's three k. Just round that one up.
Speaker A: That is not three k. This is.
Speaker B: The first time ETh hit three k since April 2022. So that's worth celebrating. David, what else we got?
Speaker A: The starknet token is out and live. It is trading. So where did we end up with the ranks of the Starknet airdrop? In size and addresses and amount of value distributed to people? We're going to talk about that and then some earnings, some earning reports. Both Coinbase and Nvidia have kind of rocked the street. The Wall street, that is. And we're going to talk about the implications around the broader market.
Speaker B: Yeah, you call it the street, David, what do they call crypto? Like, what's the crypto equivalent equivalent of Wall street? Do we have like a cool name like the street, the chain, the blockchain on the chain.
Speaker A: I like that.
Speaker B: On the chain.
Speaker A: We got the street and the chain. You're either on street or on chain. Yeah.
Speaker B: We also have pudgies with their second Walmart round, and this time they've got some more community participation. It's a big one. Pudgies has been raising up the ranks of nfts. And David are points about to become liquid. I want to check in with you because you're covering this today. We're talking about the Eigen points, maybe, or what points are we talking about?
Speaker A: Yeah, I put out a satirical tweet a while ago saying, hey, guys, you know what we should do? We should tokenize points. And that is unironically what we are going to talk about later. That did happen. We have tokenized points. So we're going to get to all of this and more, but first we're going to talk about David.
Speaker B: You know what, we always on the roll ups. Since the roll ups have begun, we've always started with the number one asset by market cap that is bitcoin. We started every single week with bitcoin first. Then we go to Ethereum, then we go to the rest of the markets. This week. I think we got to do something different. I think we're going to switch things up. Just celebrate. Eth Price hitting three k for the first time since 2022. We got to start.
Speaker A: Oh, you're really making a big deal out of this.
Speaker B: This is a big deal. I think it's a big deal. So it's not that big of a deal with the ETH price. You don't think. Wait, you don't think three k is a big deal?
Speaker A: No. Wake me up at five k. Are you serious? Yeah. You know, we like round numbers, but I mean, yeah, numbers going up. We're all. We're all happy. I'm not making a big deal out of this. I'll make a big deal out of.
Speaker B: Five k. Okay, well, then I'll take this one. Happy three k, everyone. And we are.
Speaker A: Except for David.
Speaker B: What's the. Except for David? Apparently, because he wants to wait for his celebration. I'm going to give you some bull post here, David, since you're not going to do it for the bankless nation. Last time we hit three k, here's why I think this is a big deal. Last time we hit three k was April 2022. We sort of flirted with three k for the beginning part of all of 2022, and we were sitting on a whole bunch of time bombs at the time that the crypto community didn't know about. Time bomb number one was the terra collapse. It was right after April we hit. The last time we hit three k, terra blew up and took markets with it. And then we had the death of 3 hours capital. Then we had all of the block Phi Celsius C, five failures. Then we had the genesis fiasco. Then we had the $10 billion FTX SBF fraud. Okay, this time, the next time we hit three k, which is now, hopefully, it's. We're above at the time you're listening this. We are sitting on a completely different foundation. None of those things are problems right now. Now, we might have other time bombs that we can't foresee, but it's so early in the cycle.
Speaker A: But those will happen later.
Speaker B: Those will happen later. Right now, we've got a, we've got tailwinds, we've got l two. Hyper acceleration, like just so many l two chains going on. We've got another episode about l two s coming out on Monday. Restaking yields. Okay, that's actually a narrative that is hitting Ethereum in a big way. Eth, the Internet bond. We've got the eth ETF. So I'm calling three k as the floor this cycle, David. I think that this is a lower bounden. And, um, I think, like, of course, we'll, we'll bob around these numbers for, for a little bit, maybe in the weeks to come, but this is kind of the new floor, and it feels good. That's why I'm celebrating. Three K. David, I love that you're.
Speaker A: Calling it the three k floor when we are currently at $2,978.
Speaker B: It's still a floor. It's still going to be a floor this cycle. Like, do you know what I mean? Like, if we, if we go up by, you know, to ten k, to twelve k, to something else, that we come back down, I don't think we're going to fall below.
Speaker A: You're saying that the bear market lows of next bear market will be above three k?
Speaker B: I think so, yeah.
Speaker A: I feel like that's a safe bet.
Speaker B: Plus or, plus or minus whatever. Plus or -10% 20%, something like that. But we're in range. Uh, so I don't know. I'm. I'm bullish. I'm sorry. You didn't come in with the bullish vibes for Ethereum. Three k. I was not prepared for that, David.
Speaker A: I'll come in, I'll, I'll do my, my service to this bullish podcast episode with a, with a bitcoin price. Cause, uh, I'll just, like, regurgitate some of the big bullish bitcoin observations from Nick Carter. Uh, first off, we're at 52. We started the week at $52,000 on the bitcoin, down 1%. So ETh went up 6% this week. Uh, bitcoin went down 1%, currently at $51,500. Uh, and then Nick Carter put out this tweet that I thought was, you know, pretty nice summary of the current state of the bitcoin landscape goes. Bitcoin observations ranked by the most impactful to the least impactful. Number one ETF flows are beyond the wildest dreams of even the most bullish analysts. Asset managers have barely activated their sales organization's hottest ETF launch in history. I kind of talked about this last week, but just like the sales arm, the marketing arm of bitcoin ETF salespeople hasn't even started. So we still have like a sales force behind BTF. The bitcoin ETF incoming. The BitVM appears to be a fundamental step change in bitcoin tech, enabling optimistic roll ups without asoft fork. Uh, explosion of VC dollars being allocated to bitcoin startups in particularly layer twos, ordinals and BRC 20 frenzies have, have created a hot ball of money with a bitcoin meta, particularly in Asia. Uh, and then he has some, some like long tail stuff. Finishing with the Havening is also a thing, I guess he says, uh, so these are all the reasons why Nick Harder is bullish on bitcoin.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'll double down on the, the vc dollars flowing in. I have never seen so many bitcoin investable projects like layer twos in particular. It's an absolutely massive investment narrative right now. We did an episode actually with the bitcoin Dave, so not you, David, but literal bitcoin Dave, who's very excited. David Searoy. And he was talking about the BitVM project. So we put that out this week. If you guys want to get caught up on why people are excited about what's going on with bitcoin, I think that's a great episode.
Speaker A: David, let's talk about an episode with Nick Carter coming out sometime soon. Within ten years, you guys talked about bitcoin.
Speaker B: It's Nick Carter. So I'm talking about bitcoin a little bit.
Speaker A: We talked actually about the bitcoin civil war that's going on because all of the hot ball vc dollars that are going around bitcoin are offending the other side of the bitcoin cohort, which are the bitcoin. They call them the fix the filter camp because there's a part of the bitcoin camp that wants to filter out all bitcoin transactions that have arbitrary data in them.
Speaker B: Are you serious?
Speaker A: If it's beyond just a normal BTC transfer, they don't want it in the mempool.
Speaker B: I thought all camps had something in like alignment and harmony, and that is number go up. And so like this innovation, this building on bitcoin, doesn't that help? Number go up. Use case isn't. Can't everyone get behind that?
Speaker A: The fixed filter camp thinks that monetary maximalism is the best thing to have for bitcoin. And if you put in arbitrary data into your bitcoin transactions. You're diluting the monetariness of bitcoin is their argument. It's a dumb argument. I'm super dumb.
Speaker B: That's very silly. Okay, well, interesting that, that that fight's still going on. Uh, yep. Tell us about the ratio and then total crypto market cap. So eth bitcoin ratio, what are we out in the week?
Speaker A: 0.0577 on the up and up in the last week or so. But still low. Still low. Also are celebrating around 0.075. How about total crypto market cap 2.07. So we are making some big leaps in market cap. We're blowing millions of dollars on a week upwards. Um, so things are starting to accelerate. We're almost, we hit the 3 trillion market cap at the peak of last cycle, and we're above two right now.
Speaker B: So when are you going to celebrate the market cap? Are you going to wait for 5 trillion for that? Five. Are you going to celebrate it?
Speaker A: Five. Okay. Five.
Speaker B: Five is Steven stuff.
Speaker A: I'll make a note at three and I will celebrate at five.
Speaker B: Okay. Layer two beat. Let's do a quick layer two update while we're talking about the numbers here. This is a layer two beat. David, where, what are some numbers to look at for layer twos this week?
Speaker A: Yeah, we were pushing almost up to 10 million ether locked in layer twos, almost $30 billion on layer twos. And theres a bunch of more layer twos that are going to come onto mainnet sometime. Q two, q three. And theyre going to be very different from the layer twos that we already know. Starknet is an example of this one thats very technically differentiated. But then theres others like eclipse and Phoenix and blast. I am starting to come around to and scroll. And Tyco, congrats. To scroll. Shout out to scroll for crossing $100 million. And when their main net was only a few months ago. Congrats, guys. That's pretty cool. And yeah, all of these have tokens to drop. All these have incentives that they haven't even started with. Points to issue, if you will. And so there's so much pent up energy in the layer two space. I think.
Speaker B: Speaking of tokens, David and pent up energy go to Coingecko sort by seven.
Speaker A: Coins on the move this week are insane. Insane, bro. Okay, so last week, Sora was released by chat. Chat, GPT, and all the Internet, like, exploded about these, like very realistic AI chat to video rendered.
Speaker B: Can we show like, these are awesome. This is a, this is a video.
Speaker A: Very cool.
Speaker B: Woolly mammoths. And this is. Yeah, I was gonna say, obviously, it's not. Woolly mammoths do not exist. So this couldn't even be possible.
Speaker A: But let's really need to say that woolly mammoths don't exist. This is. This is like the demo one. Yeah.
Speaker B: A city somewhere in Asia. I mean, just looks so real.
Speaker A: This is v one. So people. People were comparing the video of Will Smith eating spaghetti, which was just like.
Speaker B: Did you see that?
Speaker A: Hilarious. It was like, yeah, it was chaotic. It was just. Yeah, okay, here we go. Here's the comparison. And so these AI videos are just, like, blowing everyone's minds now, realizing that, like, yo, if you're in, like, hollywood, your job is threatened. If you're, like, a. Everyone's, everyone who's like, job is threatened is, like, freaking out right now. Meanwhile, non coincidentally, Nvidia stock is, like, larger than the chinese stock market. And then how does that impact the crypto markets? Because it does. Worldcoin. Talking about the movers of the week, Worldcoin, the AI associated token that is associated with Sam Altman, up 180%, which is already a huge move. But the thing is, it is a fully diluted valuation of $86 billion.
Speaker B: Okay, I didn't see this one coming, but, like, could world coin be the thing that goes in flippins? Like flippins.
Speaker A: Bitcoin. Fully diluted market cap.
Speaker B: Look, man, it's. It's number. It's just behind tether at this point. So it is the third largest chain in terms of fully diluted market cap right now.
Speaker A: Okay? A lot of people say they fully diluted market cap as a meme. And, like, it's. It's a valid perspective to have, but you also can't ignore it. The market cap of world coin is 1.1 billion. The fully diluted valuation is 86 billion. That is the largest discrepancy between market cap and fully diluted valuation that the crypto markets have ever seen. There is so much selling pressure coming to this thing.
Speaker B: Why, who. Who's buying this? Why in the world would it, like, I guess you're not buying holding. You're just trading narrative here.
Speaker A: You're just turning into a meme coin.
Speaker B: It's a Sam Altman meme coin, isn't it?
Speaker A: It's a Sam Altman meme coin. Yeah. And then the follow ons on the other movers of the week, again, massive movers of the week. Singularitynet Agix cracked the 100 top 100 tokens, up 120%. $900 million market cap fetch AI up 60% the graph, which I think somehow got categorized as, like, an AI token, up 60%. Render up 50%. Filecoin up 30%. Arweave up 27%. File coin and arweave are, like, data for AI. That's kind of the meme narrative here. Uh, and, like, I'm not cherry picking here. These are literally top one through nine movers of the week are all AI coins. It's. It's. It's dumb. It's so dumb.
Speaker B: Big narrative trade energy right there. That's what's going on. But what's not dumb is sora. That is so cool, by the way, you know, this will Smith thing, I. The second video is not a real video, by the way. I just point that out. Will Smith actually reenacted him doing the spaghetti thing. This is not AI generated. The second one is not. Oh, my God.
Speaker A: That's hilarious. Oh, that's really funny of him.
Speaker B: It's awesome. Anyway, wow. He's trying to come back after the slap. You know, the slap incident. People haven't forgotten.
Speaker A: Yeah, he's got. He's got a lot of debts to pay on that one. Let's go slap people on live television.
Speaker B: Let's go to the bitcoin ETF news on the week. Actually, before we get into that one correction we have to make for journalistic integrity, even though, David, we're not going on you. This is my fault. I got a little excited about the fidelity news last week. It is all true that fidelity is including 1% of bitcoin in some of its ETF's upward to 3%. It's just only true for Canada.
Speaker A: Okay, so this is when we were talking about, like, the fidelity 60 40 fixed income equity ETF portfolio that you could just buy and forget about. And there's a bunch of these portfolios, and we were talking about, like, oh, and they're putting bitcoin in them. Which is true in Canada.
Speaker B: Yeah, Fidelity ca. The Canadians got me there.
Speaker A: Ryan sometimes forgets that Canada is not the United States.
Speaker B: It's a different.
Speaker A: Because he's canadian.
Speaker B: Yeah. For me, it's just like, one. One country. Right? America's addict. America's addict. But let's check in on the bitcoin ETF's in general. This is a chart from Hill, Dobby. And did you know, David, right now, bitcoin ETF. So you include grayscale, because it's converted to etfemen. 3.71% of bitcoin supply. That's a lot. At some point, I actually get a little bearish about that number. I don't know what. What, like, double digits? You get to 25%. Like bitcoin and ETF's. I don't know about that. I don't know how I feel about that.
Speaker A: This was always a destination of bitcoin becoming wrapped inside of an ETF.
Speaker B: And central banks essential bank balance sheets. Right?
Speaker A: Yeah. This was what's his face. Who's our friend who called it bitcoin jazz hands.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, yeah. Ben Hunt.
Speaker A: You talked about Ben Hunt? Ben Hunt, yeah. It's like inside bitcoin. This is like, in the internal demand of Wall street, pulling 3.7% of bitcoins from becoming outside money to inside money. It's now outside bitcoins, which is most bitcoins. And now we have 3.71% of inside bitcoins. Inside the regulated Wall Street. Wall street wants bitcoins. So this is always without, like, a strong defi system. Uh, this is the destination of where bitcoin becomes the most capitally efficient is NC.
Speaker B: I mean, you're more into bitcoin culture than. Than I am. Like. Like, at that level, which is funny.
Speaker A: Because I own zero bitcoin. And you own bitcoin, don't most sides.
Speaker B: Of the bitcoin spectrum, right? Like the. This spectrum. You name the filters. And the people who want to build on bitcoin, they. They both see this as kind of a good thing, right? They want bitcoin in the hands of central, like, central bank balance sheet. That is the path to hyper bitcoinization. It's all good. Who cares how much?
Speaker A: I think so. I think so. There's probably some nuances there, but, yeah, I think they both agree with that.
Speaker B: Well, anyway, it's going up. And this is absorb bitcoin supply. So if over the last 14 days, the amount of bitcoin that ETF's have consumed, if that perpetuates for the entire year, for a year, a year later, we would have about 9%, 9.1% bitcoin supply and ETF. So Saylor's got a lot of catching up to do, David, if he's going to match these numbers.
Speaker A: No. Yeah, no, Saylor's getting left in the dust. I mean, people will. I think people's like, gut reactions will be like, oh, the size of BTC, ETF flows are only. It's like, all going to happen at the very start, and then it's going to be down. I wouldn't be so sure about that. I think we could sustain an equivalent, if not higher level of flows especially. I think it's going to be really interesting post six months after approval, what these numbers kind of look like. So we got five months left before we get that. I think we can see some more tailwinds around six months, especially as number goes up and marketing around bitcoin also goes up and fomo on retail also goes up.
Speaker B: Here's what I kind of can't figure out is why in the world would you want to hold gold in an ETF when you can buy bitcoin, right? Here's a tweet for Eric Balchunis. Speaking of killing the king in the store of value category, the upstart bitcoin ETF's is funny. Bitcoin ETF being an upstart, it is against gold. And the bitcoin ETF's have gained 8.5 billion on gold ETF's in organic growth. So watch out. Gold, is that what that means? I mean, yeah, 8.5 billion.
Speaker A: Gold has lost 3.6 billion. Bitcoin has gained 8.5 billion.
Speaker B: Like, think about, like millennials, think about Gen Z. Even, like Gen Xers, you think they're buying gold relative to bitcoin, like, from an ETF. It just, like. It's just a dumb metal. It's a dumb yellow metal.
Speaker A: It's legitimately a pet rocket.
Speaker B: Anyway, we'll keep monitoring that. Coinbase had their earnings report last week. Some good news for the stock, for sure. Do you want to give us the highlights?
Speaker A: Yeah, totally. So Coinbase just had a absolute stellar performance on their last quarter with a profit, $273 million, it turns out. So they did a lot of operations cutting and they ended up saving a lot of money. And they were still able to rake in a bunch more profit than what people expected. I think the earnings per share came in way higher than expected. They were able to reduce debt by $413 million, which we thoroughly enjoy. And then their expected earnings per share was like two cent and it ended up being like a dollar or something like that. It was crazy good. Then coin, the asset price surged by 15% in after hours. Coin is pushing up against. It's like $170 right now. It almost touched 200, but there's definitely some momentum around coin, for sure. And Coinbase did something very, very cool, which is you could actually mint the earnings. Coinbase earnings as an NFT on base, which I totally did, because that's super cool. Did you mint this, Ryan?
Speaker B: I did, yeah. You told me about it. So I just went and I did it. I did it. In Farcaster, actually, it was super easy.
Speaker A: I also did it in forecaster. Yeah.
Speaker B: Uh, yeah, it's very cool. What is the market cap of Coinbase now? Do you know that off the top of your head?
Speaker A: Let me look in my boomer Robin Hood app. The market cap of Coinbase is $40.1 billion.
Speaker B: 40 billion. Okay, so I guess cheap. Stack it cheap. About half. Half a world coin then.
Speaker A: Half of a world coin.
Speaker B: All right, well, let's talk about some more stocks that are up. Speaking of, like, old school tokens here. Nvidia posts revenue of like, they had a big quarter, basically, and huge Nvidia stock increased.
Speaker A: They had a big quarter, but they also had very high expectations.
Speaker B: Yeah. And they.
Speaker A: $20.6 billion in revenue was expected. That was what analysts were coming to consensus around. And they actually reported $22 billion. So beating by one and a half billion dollars. So earnings per share, $4.6 expected. What they actually got is 5.16. Overall, the stock price went from 677. Ryan's laughing because I'm talking about boomer equity numbers. Stock price went from six hundred and seventy five dollars to seven hundred and forty dollars after hours. Total market cap of $1.7 trillion. Reminder, total crypto market cap $2.06 billion. Nvidia is not much behind the entire crypto market.
Speaker B: Nvidia is basically one crypto. It's one crypto, pretty much the same. I was also laughing because of this meme. Do you see this? It's like Atlas holding this giant ball, the world on his shoulders, the entire global economy and Nvidia is propping up right now. I think Nvidia has been a huge reason why s and P and all the stock indexes are up. Like, that is the stock story right now.
Speaker A: You can see the story of the AI bubble starting to form. Like if you look left and right, like what? AI, like AI crypto tokens are up. Nvidia is up. It's holding up the entire stock market. Nvidia is now the 7th most valuable asset in the world, the fourth largest publicly traded company. Gold, by the way, is the most valuable asset in the world. Bitcoin is 10th. Ethereum. Ethereum, 30th behind Home Depot.
Speaker B: Yeah, Home Depot. That's probably the most embarrassing one. Also Mastercard. I feel like JP Morgan Chase. Once we flip in one of those big banks. That'll feel really good on the Ethereum.
Speaker A: Ought to be higher than every single bank.
Speaker B: Look at this. You think Nvidia is going to flip Apple and Microsoft?
Speaker A: Let's see. Nvidia is $1.9 trillion. Apple is $2.8 trillion. If the AI bubble continues, for sure.
Speaker B: Microsoft has some of that tailwind, though, right? With open AI investment and everything that they're doing with, with AI, they get some of that, too. So we'll have to see. David. We're getting back to crypto. When we come back, what do we got? Coming up?
Speaker A: Coming up next, we're going to talk about the Starcottnet token. Was it the largest airdrop in history? We're going to unpack some of the numbers. Pudgy penguins continue to not lose, just racking in the dubs. And then Eigen lair collects $100 million from a 16 z. And talk about all of this and more. But first, a moment to talk about some of these fantastic sponsors that make the show possible.
Speaker B: The Starknet token is now live. We said it was coming, and here it is. The question in my mind, David, is how big was this? Was this one of the largest or the largest airdrops in history? Let's get into it. Where should we start here, David?
Speaker A: 728 million starknet tokens out of 10 billion were airdropped to 1.3 million addresses. Over 400,000 wallets have already claimed. So we're going to see how many of those wallets are dead. 400,000 wallets already breaks the number one spot in number of wallets, claiming arbitrum used to be number one in that term. So when they were at 250,000 wallets. Now the new high water mark is over 400,000 wallets, depending on how you count the actual value being dropped, depending on the price that you put Starknet token at. Starknet, I think, does come in first. So Arbitram dropped $1.5 billion to 250,000 wallets. If you count the starknet token at current prices, it is equaling $1.5 billion. But it came in, the price of stark token started at $3. And if you calculated that, then we're talking about like $2.5 billion. So I think Starknet now takes the number one, the high watermark, for the largest airdrop in history.
Speaker B: Let's translate that into fully diluted valuation, kind of some market cap. So it's like 10 billion total supply. So when you say $3, just multiply that by ten. We get 30 billion, basically when it dropped. And right now, at the moment of drop.
Speaker A: But not very few people actually discovered liquidity sold their tokens at that valuation. So right now, we are coming in at $18 billion, fully diluted. And that would make our starknet tied for first in value dropped to wallets. So it's somewhere between like the dropped to wallets.
Speaker B: Of course, not much in terms of circulating supply. What do we have? Like, is it under 10%? Around 10% circulating?
Speaker A: It's like seven. Seven to 8% of the total supply of star token is circulating, which is relatively low. Relatively low.
Speaker B: But from a fully diluted valuation perspective, where does that stack up? Let's take a quick look at that. So maybe comparing it, let's not compare it to worldcoin. That would be sad. Let's compare it to some of the other layer twos. So arbitrum is still a little bit ahead, at least at the time of recording. But they're kind of neck and neck. So arbitrum is 18.5 billion and then Starknet would be the second 18.4 most valuable layer two out there at 18.3. After that you have to scroll a little bit down and you see optimism at 15.7. And then keep scrolling. Am I missing anything matic? So that'd be polygon 9.7 lagging the market so hard. It really is right now. So what do you think? Do you think that like this is a rational valuation or what's your take on Starknet versus these other layer twos.
Speaker A: In terms of valuation? I'm going to. People are poking fun at starknet for having such a low amount of total locked value inside of Starknet, saying the amount of total locked value in starknet doesn't match the actual fully diluted valuation. There's something like $110 million in value on side of Starknet. But you're judging these things against arbitrage or optimism. But that's not the best way to compare these things because these are different roll up constructions that are meant to do different things. Darknet is really about a lot of compute, not necessarily a lot of defi. While they do want DeFi, they also want things like fully on chain games and fully on chain games aren't really going to take in a lot of TvL anyways. It's like judging a fish how to climb a tree, but at the same time you still get to make that call. I would like to check back in on the fully diluted valuation of starknet after there is this unlock period for investors, which is coming very soon. In April, 13% of the total supply, $2.6 billion at current prices, is going to be unlocked to team an additional 13%. An additional 13%.
Speaker B: So we've got like 7% unlocked right now, at least according to token unlocks.
Speaker A: So it's going to jump to like 20% and the stark time people will say like, oh yeah, these are long term oriented investors. They definitely want to help the network. I'm like, yeah, you guys got to say that some people are up very, very bigly in paper gains and when they're just responsible up in paper gains, like, it's hard to not sell that.
Speaker B: Yeah, I like for any vc, which is, this is what these unlocks are coming from, primarily VC's and teams, right. They gotta sell some portion of that or else they're not being fiduciarily responsible to their lp's. I would say so, yeah, you're right. We gotta get through that gauntlet. And when does that happen again, David?
Speaker A: Starts in April. Token unlocks app is a great place to check all token unlocks, especially as we progress through this bull market. And we are having a lot of high, fully diluted valuation, low float tokens come into the market. Definitely get into the practice of checking your unlock schedules. And there's a link in the show notes token unlocks app in order to check your supply schedules.
Speaker B: Yeah, speaking of checking things, you gotta go. If you are a bankless citizen, you gotta be using the bankless app for this. So we did some analytics on our side. You know, we have our Airdrop Hunter project that basically shows you the quests in order to be potentially, hopefully eligible for airdrops.
Speaker A: David, we had our best guess for becoming eligible. Yeah.
Speaker B: About 8000 users of the bankless app using AirDrop Hunter and our claimables product were eligible for this drop. And so our citizens in particular, they received an average of $1,400 per individual. This is the time to go check out those quests. Add your address to the bankless claimables app and actually for podcast listeners, David, to celebrate maybe the biggest airdrop that we have seen yet in crypto, we've got a code podcast 24 gets you 10% off a bankless citizenship subscription forever. There's a link in the show notes. Man, now is the time to be doing things on chain and establishing supposed.
Speaker A: To pay for itself. It's the we are designing this thing to pay for itself that's kind of working. Some people got $1,400 on this one token drop.
Speaker B: You ready for the hard pivot, David? We're going to move from token drops to penguin drops.
Speaker A: All right, let's do it.
Speaker B: Pudgy penguins, round two. Walmart just did a massive reorder of pudgy penguin NFT toys. What's going on here?
Speaker A: Yeah, so of course, pudgy, the plushies of pudgies got put into Walmart like half a year ago, six months ago, which was just a massive landmark thing for the NFT industry. And Walmart is doubling down. They're doing again, they're putting in another order for more pudgies to go into more stores. 3100 Walmart stores across the United States. And of course, these are the same plushies as before. Now there's just even more of them. And reminder, every single toy comes with access to Pudgy World, which is their on chain gaming experience that they are building. And so these are just like thousands and thousands of people are buying like these first items and their first access onto Pudgy world, which is built on Zksync. It's one of their, like, their Zksync hyper net chains. And Walmart is saying like, oh, yeah, we're ready to like double down on this relationship. We're gonna sell more of these things.
Speaker B: You know what's gonna be wild, David, is like, you could actually justify like airdrop questing, airdrop hunting by buying one of these plush toys. Because so, like, people are, one of.
Speaker A: The reasons I think why they're selling out is because all these crypto degens are going and filling up their shopping carts with all these plushy coins. Yeah.
Speaker B: Because let's just, let's just connect the dots here, right? Zksync has not released a token, have they? And when you, each toy comes with a pudgy world on chain experience. Nft. Go do that. Establish your on chain profile for Zksync using pudgy. Right. Will an airdrop happen as a result of this? I don't know. Who knows? But go look at history, right? Like you could just, and you could imagine. I'm sure there's, I'm sure there are some crypto degens sort of playing this game. I'm sure there's also a lot of kids who just see a cute penguin, they buy a penguin and then they're going to get a big tax liability at some point in time. Can you imagine buying a pudgy toy and you receive x amount of value in an airdrop?
Speaker A: I love potential future like super young zoomers and then even the generation that's not even named yet, the kids, like the elementary school, middle school kids who are buying these plushies because they just want the stuffed animal. And then they discover that there's this pudgy world thing. And of course they're gonna go play it, and then they're just gonna, like, receive, I don't know, a couple thousand dollars from the ZK zinc airdrop. And then they go to their parents and their parents and be like, what the shit is happening on the Internet? What's going on?
Speaker B: Well, that's just one possible future. Who knows? Maybe a lot of people are probably just buying it for the cuteness. Here. Here's Luca standing at Walmart. We just. We had him on the podcast. We released that last week. Luca Ness.
Speaker A: Yeah, that episode's out. Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah. So there you go. You know what? Pugal G. Yeah, he's doing pretty well with this project. Pudgy briefly flipped the apes this week.
Speaker A: Oh, briefly. Is it not over it?
Speaker B: I don't know. At the time of recording, this is. Where should I go? Nft four.
Speaker A: Yeah, I got it. I'm looking for it. Oh, you're right. Yeah. Okay, so, current price floor for board, ape Yacht club, 22 eth. Pudgy, 19 and a half eth. I. So that. Okay, you're right. Pudgy's did briefly flip bored ape, but they are not currently number three. I'm rooting for them. I'm rooting for them.
Speaker B: Yeah, you prefer that? You prefer the penguins?
Speaker A: I prefer the penguins. Yeah. I own neither, and I prefer the penguins.
Speaker B: Yeah. You think the penguins are coming for the crypto punks? Will you. Will you be.
Speaker A: Dude, the penguins say that they're coming for their crypto punks. That's what they would want.
Speaker B: So far unseated. So far unseated. Well, actually, no. Apes flipped punks last night were above.
Speaker A: Punks for, like, a year straight. Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah. Punks are a bear market asset. You got a bunch of holders in the punks community.
Speaker A: A high, high price floor. As soon. As soon as Ethereum becomes cool again, punks are going to moon.
Speaker B: All right, what's next?
Speaker A: Coming up next, the Athena mainnet drop. We're going to talk all about that. The SEC gets sued, circles going after tether. You go. Labs acquires proof, and Eigen layer points get tokenized. But not by Eigen layer. We're going to talk about all of this and more. But first, a moment. Talk about some of these fantastic sponsors that make the show possible. A 16 Z has invested $100 million into Eigen layer. I guess it was a new fundraising round for Eigen Lair, which was a one of one by a 16 z. Makes a ton of sense to me. And so, undisclosed valuation as to what eigenlabs raised at but to me, this makes a lot of sense. Ryan a 16 C has got a fantastic crypto research team. There's a lot of research left to be done about restaking and avss and what even all of the total products could be built on Eigenlaire. You know, a 16 z is kind of in it for the long run. And then I thought this was kind of cute in the actual article announcing this race. The definition of. Do you know what the definition of Eigen is? It's a german word.
Speaker B: I actually don't. What does Eigen mean?
Speaker A: So Eigen layer means your own layer, as in, like build your own layer. Build your own layer workshop. And so. Yeah, exactly. And then own as in read, write. Right. Own. So I thought that was cute. Anyways, a 16 z has just fantastic connections into Silicon Valley, into the software, as a service sector, into Capitol Hill and the political landscape, and also Wall street. This extremely legitimizing in Wall street. And so I think a 16 z is like the perfect vc firm to take Eigen Lair's relationships and just like wait to the next level. I think this is like, Eigen layer is like swinging for the. I think they're going big. They're going for as big as it can get, which makes sense because they are doing something. They are exploring a frontier that is brand new to all of crypto and actually allows crypto to escape beyond how much internal stuff. How much ETH is eight point something billion dollars.
Speaker B: Eight point something billion dollars. So what would that be like? Would that be like close to two to 3 million in terms of supply? Eth supply?
Speaker A: Oh, e supply.
Speaker B: Know, I mean, we're just looking at layer twos. Layer twos have ten, 7.8 billion in.
Speaker A: Eigen layer, 7.8 billion. And then what is that in ETH terms? Approaching three.
Speaker B: I mean, that would be quite the flipping. If at some point in time, the amount of ether in terms of supply or value, whatever dollar value flips the amount of ether in layer twos. That'd be very interesting. Not saying it could happen.
Speaker A: Eigen layer will be able to actually increase the productivity and the utility of layer twos. So there's going to be some symbiosis here because you're going to be able to take Eigen layer LST tokens. Renzo actually announced this last week that you can mint easy EtH, the Renzo liquid restaking ether token. You can mint it natively on layer twos. That will actually count for both ether in Eigen layer and on layer two.
Speaker B: Well, people are going crazy for eigenpoints right now, including, I guess, a 16 z through their purchase. But Kelpdao is doing something interesting. They are issuing synthetic eigen points, introducing kep, which is kelp earned points. What is this?
Speaker A: Basically, it is a claim on an Eigen point that Kelpdao is earning from all of their ETH deposited into Eigen layer. So basically, they have tokenized Eigen layer points that they have in their treasury. And so now restakers will be able to transfer and trade their earned points as tokens on Ethereum. I cannot believe we just tokenized points.
Speaker B: Well, but it's interesting because they are definitely not in control over the minting of points or the supply of points or anything.
Speaker A: There's no settlement assurances, there's no property rights around points. So, in theory, Eigen layer would be like, we're yawnking your guys points. Like, there's. There's technically nothing stopping Eigen lair from doing that, right?
Speaker B: They could basically say, hey, anyone who, like, anyone with cap, just doesn't get points right if they wanted to.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, there's nothing. There's. I mean, yeah, points are not we. If you're listening to our points episode, points are not a smart contract. There's no contract about points. They are a number in a database that can be changed at will by the issuing entity. So, Kelsey, taking a gamble, that Eigen layer is not going to, like, mess with their points.
Speaker B: Good old fashioned social contract. We'll see how that works out. Athena Mainnet. What is Athena David? I have not been following this.
Speaker A: Athena is a new stablecoin, a USD e stablecoin that is created via this pretty novel mechanism. It is created via yield on two sides of a trade. One is the yield of staked Ethan, and then the other is the yield of funding rates from people who are paying to go short ether in a leveraged fashion. So you slap these two yields together, you can earn them at the same time, and then this trade kind of trades out. So it's a delta neutral hedging trade that produces yield as a result. If I was better at Defi, I would have a better way to explain that. But basically, this is how this works. We should probably do a show on the. This, uh, it's generating some hype, for sure. Uh, and, uh, it's also generating some controversy just because, like, there's a lot of yield that is being advertised here, like, over 20%. And that is, like, triggering people's ptsd from terra luna.
Speaker B: Yield on what? On like a dollar. Right. So this is a. It's what they're producing here is an ether based synthetic dollar that's offering like 27% aPy. All right?
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: And when you see a dollar representation that's offering like close to 30% APY, you immediately go back to, how is that possible? Where is the yield coming from? Israel.
Speaker A: Anchor protocol on terra Luna is another algo stablecoin.
Speaker B: Yeah. People get freaked out about this, but it's generating the yield in a different way. How would you describe it?
Speaker A: Well, kind of what I said. So you have the yield of stake to EtH from Lido stake to ETH, and then you also have the yield from funding rates that people are paying to short ether. And you get both of these things. The actual mechanism for how that flows into the dollar. I'm not totally sure I need to brush up on this, but it checks out out. It does check out. There are plenty of risks in this system. There's a bunch of dependencies. A lot of this capital is on centralized exchanges. And so that's a risk. This is not a decentralized stablecoin. It is a stable coin. It's not decentralized. It's a pretty cool experiment. And this experiment just hit main net, and now that's what the news is and everyone's reacting to it.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think we do not have time to explore all of the risks or get into that today, certainly, but there'll be some links in the show notes, and then maybe expect an upcoming bankless podcasts in this category.
Speaker A: Oh, are we committing to that?
Speaker B: I think we should. There's a new source of yield we got to find.
Speaker A: This is how we invite people onto the Bankless podcast. We say we're going to do a podcast about them.
Speaker B: This is Anthony Sasano, who backed this project, I assume as an angel investor. He said, I'm very glad to see lots of people questioning Athena's design, asking how they can offer the 20% plus yield, and also exploring what all of the risks are. This is a very different to last cycle where people questioning things for the minority. So he's just making the point that it's good that people are asking this question. It's healthy.
Speaker A: It's healthy. Well done. Well done. If you are skeptical. Well done. Good job.
Speaker B: You did a good job.
Speaker A: Thank you. Thank you. You're all becoming more mature. This is great.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. No one's encouraging you to ape into this. You definitely have to understand it first, David, this was big news in the NFT sphere, so Yuga Lab acquired Kevin Rose's project proof in all of the owls that go with it. What happened here?
Speaker A: So all of the IP, the proof collective, the moon birds, the oddities, mythics and grails, all of the things owned by proof is now owned by Yuga Labs. And so there's being, there's a handover period and Kevin Rose will now become an advisor to the proof company. And so basically handing over control of all of proof's assets over to Yugalabs, which Yuga Labs has done this before, acquired the me bits and crypto punks IP and I think something else as well. But yeah, this is definitely inside of the Yuga labs like, business model.
Speaker B: How did the punks, was that a good thing for crypto punks overall, would you say?
Speaker A: No change, no change in price. No change in price.
Speaker B: No change in price. Any change in culture or utility or did they do anything?
Speaker A: No, there is no way to harness crypto punk culture. We're a decentralized cohort of holders.
Speaker B: I think the price of moonbirds, the price of moon birds went up, up after this.
Speaker A: Then it went down. Then it went down. I think it's overall unchanged. No, just kidding. I'm wrong. It went from one eth to two eth. So moonbirds doubled, actually in valuation, but.
Speaker B: Down from all time highs significantly. Right. And I think, turns out the mint.
Speaker A: Price was 2.5 eth. So below the mint price?
Speaker B: Below the mint price. And then moonbirds absolutely skyrocketed. So there's been a lot of negative reaction in the NFT NFT community and even in the Moonbirds community. Here's a tweet thread from Adam Hollander saying, I effing hate this, saying that moonbirds was mismanaged, it was a mess and they didn't follow through on their promises. So a lot of.
Speaker A: Wouldn't you be a fan of new management, then?
Speaker B: I don't know. It depends what moon, moonbirds as a.
Speaker A: Cohort, moonbird holders as a cohort have been dissatisfied. I think maybe there was a, like, very high expectations with how high Moonbird's price went, but, like, the vibe is like, people are dissatisfied, but then we're getting new management, so, like, don't we want that?
Speaker B: I don't know. I mean, it depends what the new management does with it. If they. If they do what Luca did with the penguins, that would be incredible.
Speaker A: If they don't, I'd actually rather have Luca by them.
Speaker B: I think Luca's got his handful hands full with his penguin community. Yeah.
Speaker A: One last airdrop to talk about optimism. The fourth optimism airdrop. This one for $37 million. This was announced on February 21. Optimism Collective recently announced its fourth airdrop, specifically targeting artists and creators in the optimism ecosystem. 223,000 addresses with eligibility criteria based on engagement and creativity of artists. Anyone who deployed NFT contracts on the Ethereum, layer one, base op, Mainnet and Zora before January 10. And I think perhaps also interacted with these same NFT contracts. And so this actually might be a sneaky one one bank list because we minted some nfts and podcast nfts. We got like, how much money did we get? We got like 700 or maybe $1200 from this. Had no idea without our own claimables product. Thank you, bankless claimables, for making sure that we actually know our own airdrops. And that goes for you as well. So make sure that you are plugging in your addresses just in case you got this optimism.
Speaker B: Airdrop, you just want to get an alert because these are like perpetual airdrops, right? Yeah. And I think many, many layer twos and many airdrop like kind of communities with Tokens will continue to do this. And so sometimes you just don't know. You got a, you got a present, you know, you got something in your ETh address. David, let's talk about the people versus the SEC. So I love these words. The crypto lawyers were pretty excited about this last week. What, what happened?
Speaker A: So there is a crypto exchange called legit exchange, which is suing the SEC, I think, preemptively trying to ensure that all future tokens that they list and trade on their exchange exchange will not be sales of securities. So they intend to facilitate the sale of crypto assets, the exchange of crypto assets on their exchange. And they are making, they are asking a court to order that the secondary market sales of digital assets are not the sales of securities and also declare that legit exchange does not need to register with the SEC as an exchange broker or clearinghouse, and will also thirdly, prevent the SEC from bringing an enforcement act action against legit exchange and similarly, similarly situated CFAT members, basically saying, hey, SEC, we saw what you've done to Coinbase. We've saw what you've done to Kraken. We are going to get a court to declare that what we are doing is Gucci and you guys cannot sue us.
Speaker B: This is what you call. This is a preemptive strike, right? We're going to sue you before you sue us. Right? This is. Amanda goes on to be clear, this is the first time that a crypto market participant has proactively sued the SEC. We are now suing the SEC. I mean, the crypto community, not David and myself, although we would, if we could, we would. Of their project and pre anything by the SEC. Plaintiffs are not looking for money. They're not looking for money, David, or any reward.
Speaker A: There's looking for a statement, legal clarity.
Speaker B: Like, can we run this business? Because it seems like we should did in the law. And so they're. They're asking the court to. To give them clarity here. Um, I actually, uh. Like, this is Jake Trevinsky's take on a crypto goes on the offensive in the courts. That. That's why it's a big deal. This lawsuit proactively challenges the SEC's unlawful attempt to seize power over digital asset markets that has no authority to regulate. David. I had no idea. We could just go sue the Sec. That's great news. And so I asked all the crypto lawyers on crypto Twitter, like, how about we just launch a class action lawsuit against the SEC on behalf of american citizens and retails for the millions of dollars in missed token airdrops that we didn't get because we live in America?
Speaker A: Billions, billions, billions. Did I say millions to have claimed my celestia tokens? Gary? But I did not. I don't have any celestia tokens because of Gary Gensler.
Speaker B: Right. So I tweeted this out and I asked, hey, is. Is that a dumb idea? Crypto lawyers? Is this, like, possible? And a whole bunch of Twitter responses were like, yeah, I joined that class action lawsuit. I would join.
Speaker A: Yes. I missed stark tokens.
Speaker B: I missed all of these things. It probably cost me tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands of dollars. I would jump in.
Speaker A: Can we bankrupt the sec?
Speaker B: I would love to. Right?
Speaker A: I would love that.
Speaker B: Okay, well, apparently, Jake Trevinsky says, not your lawyer. Here's the thing. They have this thing called sovereign immunity, David, which is if you are a government regulator, you're kind of. You have sovereign immunity. It's your. It's your trump card. So we're not able to involve them in a civil case like. Like this, uh, unfortunately.
Speaker A: Oh, wait, you got my husks up. What the shit is this?
Speaker B: He said there's still a chance, though, David. He did, Jake. He. Again, not your lawyer is not legal advice. I'm sure he'd want us to say that, but you'd have to talk to your own lawyer to analyze whether this is possible. I'd like to think the legal system would find a way to deliver justice in a case like this. But the principles of equity only go so far. Tldr probably don't. It's probably not a good idea, unfortunately.
Speaker A: Damn it. Dammit. That was a fun little segment. Then.
Speaker B: We tried, though.
Speaker A: I got something else that's pretty fun.
Speaker B: Yeah, go for it.
Speaker A: Where in the world is Do Kwan? Do you remember?
Speaker B: Last I checked, it was Montenegro and then back to South Korea. Am I remembering this correctly? Wasn't he? No.
Speaker A: So South Korea and the United States have been fighting over Do Kwon for extradition? Oh, they both won. They both. We both won. Because he's a south korean citizen. Also an american citizen, maybe, but mainly her.
Speaker B: I know he went to Berkeley, so he lived in Stanford.
Speaker A: I think he went to Stanford.
Speaker B: One of those. One of those.
Speaker A: Anyways, he is going to be extradited to the United States. It's about damn time. He has been in Montenegro since his arrest in March of 2023, and so he's come and help do Kwan coming home on shore.
Speaker B: Wow. What's going to happen? I mean, will this be an SBF style court case? Are we in for something like that? It won't be as big a deal. I'm sure they won't have the immediate.
Speaker A: Fanfare, but there's less dirt to dig up. But I would love to see some of the internal conversations inside of the terra Luna slack, for example, or whatever they used.
Speaker B: You know, one of my reactions to this is if. If the US wants you, like, the US is the. Is the boss of global finance. If they want you for financial crimes, they always get you.
Speaker A: They get you, right?
Speaker B: People are extradited from all over the world. Uh, outside. Maybe if you live like Russia and China. Uh, there's no such thing as jurisdictions. It's just the US.
Speaker A: Can I bring up something that's like. Can I bring up something that's actually pretty adjacent to this but still relevant? Yeah, I think this is worth worthwhile to know. This is. This is a very big deviation side quest. Did you know that China sold AI technology to Iran? And Iran has extradited a german iranian citizen using AI facial recognition technology to find him. And they extradited him from Germany to Iran and is going to be executed in Iran.
Speaker B: Wait, are you serious? Wait, so I lost the train here. So there's China, there's a german citizen and I.
Speaker A: Right, okay, so China AI technology purchased by Iran. Iran uses that AI technology to identify a german iranian dual citizen living in Germany. That german citizen has been extradited to Iran and is set to be executed. Why?
Speaker B: What did this german citizen do? What are the charges?
Speaker A: Crimes against the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Speaker B: Oh, wow.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So are you. I thought, why? Yeah. What made you think so?
Speaker A: Like, AI is being talked about all over the place. We had Vitalik on to talk about, like, defensive accelerationism and how, like, AI can be used in a very offensive capacity. And then we're just seeing, like, you know, AI starting to become an authoritarian tool. I thought. I thought this was far more theoretical.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And I definitely appreciate Vitalik's foresight here. Had no idea that this was actually already being done in the.
Speaker B: This is. This is the reason that these power structures are kind of important. And, like, impressed upon me is like, the reason we are fighting so hard in the US is because the US is really important, because they're like the mob boss of global finance. All right, so, like, where do you. Where do you go if, like, do I. I'm not going to China. I'm not. I'm not going to Russia. Do I go somewhere in Europe? Well, like, that's under the arm of the us financial powers as well. Yeah, that's why it's so important to, like, fighting.
Speaker A: There's also been, like, this balkanization going on inside of web three. Like, circle is now no longer issuing us EC on Tron. We're going to talk about tether and circle here in a second. But just like this, fears of influence are, like, becoming firmer and they are permeating through web three. And AI is helping accelerate that.
Speaker B: Let's get right to that story. So this actually surprised me this week. This is circles, one of circles, vps of policy, Caroline Hill. The caption from this tweet is really begging to Congress for the Treasury Department to go after tether and their banking partner. This is a us based banking partner, Cantor Fitzgerald. So this is Caroline Hill in front of Congress this week. Let's play the clips.
Speaker A: Speaker one, this is circle in front of Congress.
Speaker B: I personally believe that no company should be allowed to reference the us dollar without having those democratic values inside the company, inside their us dollar backed stablecoin. And so I think if treasury thinks that it needs additional authorities to go over that, then I think this committee should consider that.
Speaker A: So to those us touch points, us financial services company Canner Fitzgerald reportedly manages tether's $72 billion portfolio of treasury bonds, giving him access to us dollars. Canter's enabling of terror and illicit activities across the globe is unacceptable. Miss Hill. Given Tether's nexus to the us financial system through Cantor Fitzgerald. Does Treasury already have the authority to take action? And what should we be doing about american regulated companies like Kenner?
Speaker B: I would think that the Treasury Department would have the authority to take action given this us touchpoint. Yes. And I hope that they're looking at this seriously, given tether's reputation as well as the data that we've seen that they're contributing to terrorist financing. Let's unpack that a little bit. So this is somebody who works for circle, of course. So this is USDC and they're in front of Congress. And there was somebody from Coinbase as well there. I don't know what the Coinbase representative said, but sort of corroborated some of the things that Circle said. And they basically are advocating that a treasury, US treasury go after Cantor Fitzgerald, which is one of the brokerages that hold tethers t bills, essentially because they are saying that tether is not compliant with Aml Kyc. Right. They're not compliant with the regulations. Now that is quite the charge because.
Speaker A: Quite the charge.
Speaker B: David, you weren't on the episode because you were on a flight on your way to Eth Denver, I believe. But I talked to Tether CEO Pauldenne about this and I brought up this commentary and his perspective was, we are fully compliant. We freeze addresses all of the time. We like mint funds, not only do.
Speaker A: They freeze addresses, but they freeze addresses quickly. There are more blacklisted tether addresses than there are circle addresses, right?
Speaker B: He's like that. We work directly with financial surveillance authorities. The full posse of everybody's looking at this chainalysis and also the FBI. And so he's like, they are maligning us because they're trying to cut us out. He says that this is a form of kind of regulatory capture, right?
Speaker A: Tether, 100% regulatory capture. This is the game that circle has been playing. For better or for worse. They're the compliant onshore circle stablecoin and they're trying to brand tether as the uncompliant offshore. They are offshore. They are totally compliant by as far as I can tell. Two comments here below this video, one from Zack XBT saying Treasury Department should investigate circle for all the times they did not blacklist illicit funds when they had ample time instead of larping as the compliant centralized stablecoin and then also Banteg saying, disgraceful. She just, she just mad. Tether blocks stolen funds within ten minutes while her company replies a week after they've been laundered dry, yo, some zingers. Coming in from crypto, Twitter, this is 100% a narrative game that I'm not sure stands up.
Speaker B: Yeah, I don't love regulatory capture attempts, and that's what this kind of seems like. I hope USDC and tether kind of fight it out in the free market way, but it looks like they're going here. The stable coin wars are continuing for sure. Related to that, by the way. It's not clear that it's related. It seems related to me. Me circle says we are discontinuing USDC support on TRON, the Tron blockchain. So, you know, there was about $300 million worth of USDC on Tron. So a very small amount compared to tether, 51 billion tether on Tron. So I asked Paulo about this, and he said, yeah, they're leaving because they lost. That was his take on it.
Speaker A: This is more like a virtue signal than anything. But I think, yeah, there's not that much sort. And also they are saying. They're implying that there's a bunch of nefarious activity on Tron, so they can't be there. They're trying to make it as a branding win.
Speaker B: That's why it feels like it's kind of related, because Tron is like. And tether are like, in sort of the, you know, the evil axis, the sketchy, and, like, maybe they are, maybe they're not. It's just like, these are the kinds of games that are being played at this stage in the market.
Speaker A: These are kind of dirty games. I don't like it.
Speaker B: All right, well, let's get to raises on the week. This is a bankless ventures company that raised this week. So David and I, obviously, we think it's cool. We're adding it to our disclosures page. It's called Init Capital. What is init capital, David?
Speaker A: Yeah, init is a money market on top of the Mantle layer two, you know, Uniswap V, four hooks, where you have the base Uniswap liquidity, and then you have hooks for expressiveness on top of that. Take that same pattern and think of init as, like, compound or aave with liquidity hooks on top of init. So more expressiveness on top of capital. So you have this base level of capital inside of the init money market, and then people can build hooks to add more, you know, apps on top of the init money market. And so, like, what could a hook do? You could do leverage staking. You could do lst looping. You could do pair trading, margin trading. And so think of just like, you know, a base of a compound platform, money market, and then just like apps, like maybe yearn strategies, for example, or just any kind of app that can be built on top of in it. Pretty cool. A pretty cool innovation. We like the team. Congrats on the raise.
Speaker B: David, last thing before we get to the meme of the week, I don't know if you saw this, the Reddit.
Speaker A: Plan, so, oh, this is dad TIme. I'm getting ready.
Speaker B: Oh, it was, it was COol. Okay, so, I meAn, not TOo dad. It's not too dad, but it's kind of like, I thought it was interesting. So here's why. So Reddit is getting ready to IPO. I know you're a Reddit user. I've been a Reddit user, former Reddit user. Yeah. Now I'm more of a kind of a consumer. They're going public. Okay. ANd this was big news in TRadfi this week. So outside of crypto, basically Reddit is planning to reserve a yet undetermined number of shares for 75,000 of its most prolific, so called Redditors is the content creators, the mods, you know, the people that really power Reddit and they're going to reserve 75,000 shares. At first I thought, oh, well, that sounds like an airdrop when you look into it, what they're actually reserving, it's more like an Allow List, David. They're allowing the first, these 75,000 recipients of Reddit points, let's call it, maybe they are allowed to purchase the IPO at the IPO price. That's basically it. It's interesting to me. First of all, I guess good on Reddit for doing something, getting off zero. I mean, Facebook, like Twitter, none of these companies have actually rewarded the content creators in their network in any way. And so at least some allow list participation. That's something. Of course, Reddit users, if they buy the ipo and stock price goes down, they could lose the 75,000 could certainly lose. It's costing money. They could win if it goes up after the IPO price. But, wow, imagine trying this in crypto, right? So users are demanding airdrops. If we are working inside of a network and the network does not provide rewards for the work that we are doing, whether it's an Ethereum staker or whether you're contributing to a network as a user or a content creator, we'll just leave. We'll go to the network. That does give us that. What I think is going to be interesting to observe over the next three to five years, let's say. Say is, I think crypto is really going to move the social Overton window of requiring some of these established web two companies to give to their main users, their content creators, basically the journalists and the curators who make it all possible. They'll have to move in that direction because I think those creators, those users will start to demand upside, and crypto will be a forcing function to that. The outstretched hand of gimme Airdrop, we talked a little bit about that, and sometimes I see entitlement, and that's true. There are some entitled people who just want airdrops for doing nothing. On the other hand, another way to reframe that is at least we're pushing the Overton window towards forcing companies like.
Speaker A: Social network companies distribution towards the long tail.
Speaker B: That's right. That's right. So that was the take here. And like, kind of a crappy airdrop, though.
Speaker A: It's just a lot. I wonder how much of this is constrained by just regulations. Can they actually just give away equity? Probably not. They probably can't.
Speaker B: You're right, David. I'm sure you're right.
Speaker A: This is not that. I'm just like, oh, we'll allow our redditors to buy our bags. No, I don't think the SEC will allow them to do anything more creative than that.
Speaker B: Yeah, and that's why we have to put you push on this on the technology side, too, and push on the regulatory side. David, we've got a meme of the week. What are we looking at this week?
Speaker A: This is our meme. And so I don't know, I think maybe our graphic designer bank list made this. Coming to a Walmart near you, we have two action figures. Male crypto podcaster. This one's me. And here's Ryan. Ethereum podcaster. I got crypto podcast. You got Ethereum podcast?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Highly detailed.
Speaker B: Highly detailed.
Speaker A: Look at your jawline, bro.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's a good looking jawline. That is not real life.
Speaker A: You're looking like Superman. Yeah, I look like Ken. You look like Superman.
Speaker B: Well, Walmart's a good place for these, David, so move aside, Penguin Penguins. We're going to be there, too. Got to end with this. Of course, you can find all of our disclosures@bankless.com. disclosures at any time. And risks and disclaimers. You know, crypto is risky. You could lose what you put in. But we are headed west. This frontier, not for everyone, but we're glad you're with us on the bankless journey. Thanks a lot.
