Speaker A: The Solana community is getting an airdrop, and it looks to be absolutely massive. Jitto is launching a governance token. It's called GTO. David, can you give us a recap of what Jitto even is? For folks that are unfamiliar? Banklessation, it's time for your Friday weekly roll up. David, what are we talking about this week?
Speaker B: All of the news across all of the chains, Ryan, it's non Ethereum airdrop week. This week, Solana is getting a token, perhaps one of its biggest cosmos. Adam getting a new token as well. What else is going on?
Speaker A: We got Kyber. They got hacked. This is one of Defi's oldest protocols, so it's not good news, David. But you know the craziest thing? I don't know. Did you read the message from the Kyber hacker?
Speaker B: It is unsolute.
Speaker A: It is completely unhinged. So we got to talk about that. What else?
Speaker B: Some chains are getting some upgrades, lots of more TPS coming into the fold, say a layer one is getting an upgrade, a move. Layer two is coming to Ethereum, a new flavor of layer two on Ethereum. And also a large ethereum validator is starting to play shenanigans with the blockchain.
Speaker A: Uh oh.
Speaker B: I'll tell you this story. I think it's pretty cool.
Speaker A: And speaking of shenanigans, we got to give them update on CZ. What's he doing this week? Is he still in the US? Is he somewhere else? And while we're talking about locations, where in the world is Richard Hart? That's what the SEC really wants to know right now. And if you're listening to this, wherever you're listening, make sure you give us a review. A like. If you rate it, subscribe. If you're checking this out on YouTube, David, you know, Spotify wrapped.
Speaker B: Spotify wrapped season. One of the best seasons to be a podcaster, I would say, is when you get all the appreciation.
Speaker A: Well, I saw somebody, I think the biggest Spotify wrapped bankless listener moment like minutes was something like 14,000 minutes.
Speaker B: 14,000 minutes. Yeah. So if you are listening to this on Spotify and you have more than 14,000 minutes on listening to bank list, tweet at us, we will send you some swag. We'll send you something, David.
Speaker A: I did the numbers on that. 14,000 divided by 60 is something like 233. 233 hours.
Speaker B: 233 hours.
Speaker A: Is that crazy or what have we done that many?
Speaker B: Podcasts have ten days. I think that's how math works.
Speaker A: Ten days.
Speaker B: Ten days of our voice. Wow. I'm sorry.
Speaker A: But also, thank you. I'm humbled and honored to have so many people listen to this podcast. We do it for you.
Speaker B: Do it for you.
Speaker A: We do it for you guys. We do it for you guys. Okay, David, speaking of things that we do for people, David, let's talk about prices. You ready for this?
Speaker B: Yeah. So, like, the prices have just up, up all, like, month. When you measure it for the last seven days, it's actually just flat. But that's like a measurement error. Bitcoin's up 1% on the week. 37,300 where it started, 37,700 where we're ending. Ether price. Also relatively fat. Fat, flat. 2030 to start.
Speaker A: That works.
Speaker B: Yeah, 2030 to end. Pretty flat on the week. And then the ETH BTC ratio, also pretty flat on the week. And also no major big movers of the week. I mean, like, Iota had a big pump, but honestly, who cares?
Speaker A: What do you think of December? Do you think December is going to be good to us? Do you think? I remember some Decembers in crypto have been very bleak, and it felt like coal in my stockings. December 2019 may have been this. However, December 2020 was not bleached huge. It was very happy.
Speaker B: That was the month in which we had, like, six months of, why do you need eth? You just buy bitcoin and Defi tokens after, like, defi Summer. That. And that was the month. I remember we were talking about this, actually, and we were talking about this take on the weekly roll up, and you're like, what do you think about that take? I'm like, well, it really just takes one strong week of price movement in ether.
Speaker A: Wait, you're saying we were talking about this in 2020? You remember an episode from 2020?
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Because I.
Speaker A: That feels like decades ago, right?
Speaker B: So, like, we were talking about that thesis and the, like, what do you think about the thesis about, like, the barbell of. No, no ether. Just bitcoin and defi tokens. And I was like, yeah, sure. That's, like, the narrative that's in vogue in the moment because that's what the price action has been. But all that really is. That could just be very quickly invalidated by a massive eth run.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And then literally the next week, ether broke out of its, like, three year bear market range and broke through to $425, which hadn't broke through in forever. And then it ran to, like, $700, and the narrative just completely flipped.
Speaker A: And then it was that 2020, or did that happen in 2019?
Speaker B: No, that's 2020. That's 2020. That was December of 2020. Because by the January of 2021, ether had broken is like $1,100 in the first week. I remember this very, very well. It was like $1100 in the first week, and we were on our way to $2,000. And, like, the whole barbell idea looked super cringe in hindsight. And it was when. It was when ultrasound money really became a huge thing.
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Good times, Steve.
Speaker B: Good times.
Speaker A: We'll see if Santa Claus is coming to town this month. I'm hoping for good things. I think we've got a fantastic setup. We'll finish this out. Tell us, what's the cryptocurrency market cap?
Speaker B: 1.48 trillion. We are narrowing in on a one and a half trillion dollars in market cap, but we're not there.
Speaker A: Do you want to give us some perspective on all of this? So when you say stuff like $1.5 trillion, right, that sounds like a very large number. But here's a tweet giving some context on the size of the entire crypto industry relative to another asset that probably many of us know. What's this tweet?
Speaker B: Yeah, so this is a tweet from a chamillionaire works at serotonin, a dear friend of mine. She tweets out daily reminder that the entire crypto industry is still a small boy by market cap. At our peak in autumn of 2021, at the peak of the bull market of last cycle, we were equivalent, the whole industry was equivalent to the market cap of Apple, not a small company. But it's insane to think that, like a industry about crypto networks that's disrupting money in finance itself is equivalent to an equity. We're still small. It's still.
Speaker A: Remember, you remember when you asked me what my prediction was for the cycle, for the market cap? I'm still going to stick with it. Do you remember what I said? 12 trillion on the low side. Twelve to 15 trillion was my number.
Speaker B: Yeah. Okay, so we got a ten x in market cap ahead of us.
Speaker A: What's your number?
Speaker B: Oh, gosh, you can't. I'm going with 1010.
Speaker A: Your gas? I'm breaks, but gas is under my.
Speaker B: Predictions, if you do, the whole log curve, like cycles are always smaller. Cycles are smaller, yeah. And we have higher interest rates now.
Speaker A: All right, you might be right. Are you counting, though? Are you counting, like stable coins, real world assets?
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm counting number that is reported by Coingecko in that banner that it reports it in.
Speaker A: Yeah. All right, fair enough. We will see, either way, pretty bullish. And speaking of bulls, can you get any more bullish on a particular asset than Michael freaking Saylor, who just put in another acquisition of a cool 16,000 bitcoin, if you're curious, could do the math for you. That's about $600 million worth. I'm doing the math for them. I would say I was doing the math myself at an average price of 36,000 per bitcoin. So there he is. He's just continuing with that dollar cost averaging in strategy. But these numbers are huge, David.
Speaker B: Huge.
Speaker A: Hundred million.
Speaker B: Where does he get the number from? Like, a. First off, congrats on Michael Tyler for first having the first one of the first major purchase of bitcoin, where the reported average price of bitcoin is significantly under the actual current price. Usually it was the inverse. Where does he get all this money from? Is a massive, like, where does he just start pulling $600 million out of his pockets? Well, okay, so the answer is leverage. It's leverage. And so when bitcoin goes up in price, microstrategy stock, MSTr, it's basically a bitcoin, like ETF in a roundabout way, because, like, the value that, like, it's a stock, it's a software company. It sells software. But really, really, it's just about exposure to bitcoin. So when bitcoin pumps and pumps up to $38,000, all of a sudden, microstrategy trades at a much larger premium, goes up in price, and all of a sudden, he can borrow against it to buy more bitcoin. So he's just taking, like, he's just winding.
Speaker A: Why don't we do that? We got a little media company. We'll go public. We'll have bank lists as a publicly traded asset. We'll just buy a dollar cost, average every single week into ether.
Speaker B: Just announce it. Yeah. Like, we'll start small, but we'll just wind our way up and just take some debt free money, right? It's. We're just printing money, right? And there's no risk, honestly.
Speaker A: It's a fantastic business model, I think, so long as bitcoin continues to go up. But, you know, we've already given our takes on that. We think it will. But did you see this tweet, dude? Actually, I know you did, because you sent this to me. What, icebergy giving a take on what Saylor's doing? Because I don't know if you've read, if you looked at Saylor's Twitter feed recently, but stuff like this yeah, he.
Speaker B: Just types in mid journey. He goes into mid journey and goes like, imagine which is how you prompt mid journey. It's like slash, imagine bitcoin to the moon. And then he just like, posts it.
Speaker A: And gets bitcoin to the mountain.
Speaker B: It's like 10,000 likes on Twitter. Just like these stupid. A high generation things.
Speaker A: Look at this. Show me a picture of America eagle.
Speaker B: An american eagle bitcoin.
Speaker A: That's what you get. And he just pumps them and these tweets do so well. David, look at this. Almost 10,000 likes for this, like, just robot mid journey thing. Like, I'm be honest, low effort magirany artwork. What's the tasty from iceberg?
Speaker B: He just tweets out. Taylor starts tee whopping half a yard on Coinbase, does a line, then immediately goes to midjourney and types, imagine bitcoin to the moon for hours. For hours.
Speaker A: I don't know if that's what he's doing, but I do picture that in my head.
Speaker B: I mean, bro, do you remember, you remember the super unhinged clip we played like two weeks ago? I was like, how many chairs are you sitting on right now? Like, when people's like, why do you, why don't you diversify out of bitcoin? And he goes like, well, how many chairs are you sitting on?
Speaker A: Implying on one chair.
Speaker B: Are you sitting on one chair? Like, there's only one sitting on ten.
Speaker A: I love it. All right, GPTC, give me, give me an update on this. Record lows, a discount. What are you talking about?
Speaker B: Record lows for discount. So in June, the discount was like negative 40 of this year for bitcoin. The bitcoin spot discount for GBTC now at just 8.6%.
Speaker A: That's closing. And what did we, what was our prediction that that will continue to close? And once it does, what will spill over into the spot price?
Speaker B: Yeah, and, well, it'll, as it approaches closing, people are just more likely to buy spot in the first place because the incentive is lessened. But, yeah, so as we are approaching zero, just all of that demand is going into spot, which is bullish.
Speaker A: You know, what's after December, David, is January.
Speaker B: That's how that works.
Speaker A: January. I was promised a bitcoin spot ETf by Mister James Safer.
Speaker B: Well, that's what I'm going to go do when I go climb my mountains in the first week of January. So.
Speaker A: Okay, you're climbing mountains in January, the first two weeks of January.
Speaker B: 1 week of January.
Speaker A: Okay. So it's very likely bankless nation that Gary Gensler is going to take a massive l and, uh, have to give us the bitcoin spot ETF while David's in the mountains.
Speaker B: Yeah, there's a. There's a. Well, there's. I got to go to the mountains because that's where he has the Horcrux. The bitcoin ETF Horcrux. I have to go smash.
Speaker A: This is a down bad story, David, and these numbers are pretty stark. This is from Kumar. Opensea revenue, January 2022. Speaking of January, that was not too long ago. Their revenue was 387 million. That's monthly revenue for Opensea. Top of the NFT cycle, January 2022. You know what it is today? I know you do, because you're looking at it. But bankless lister, imagine you go from 387 million to now, last month, 1.9 million. Wow, that's a big drop, David.
Speaker B: Well, hey, like, $1.9 million a month is a lot of money. I don't want to belittle that. That's still a lot.
Speaker A: No, no, that's a lot of money. It's just, like, a lot less.
Speaker B: Came down so hard. Okay, so, like, why? Why did this happen? Well, a, the NFT market just dried up, obviously. Easy come, easy go. Nfts totally not dead. They'll be around forever, of course. It's just like, that was the first mania, and so that was them selling picks and shovels of a tulip mania. Right. And so that's. They were making all their revenue then. And so actual demand for NFTs have dropped off, but then also opensea has been disrupted by blur, and so their market share back then was, like, 90 plus percent, and now it's only, like 35%. So the revenue from the industry has disappeared, and they're also taking only a third of it. So between those two things, it's just.
Speaker A: They'Re doing fine at 2 million a month. That's fantastic. That would be a fantastic business. What's difficult about crypto is this whipsaw and bakeless listener, you know, because you hold these whipsawing assets and the volatility of them. But if you're an entrepreneur, if you're a project trying to start this, you see 400 million in revenue and you're like, hey, even if that goes down 80%, like, we can hire another hundred people, 200 people. Like, there's market demand for this work. It's growing. And then you get this, the other side, when all of this crashes.
Speaker B: Yeah. And goes. Doesn't go down 80%. It goes down 98%.
Speaker A: Oh, it's difficult to ride out these markets. So, you know, that, that's, that's why the key thing to do in crypto, whether you're running a project or whether you're an entrepreneur, whether you're a startup or whether you're a lowly holder, is just to hang on for the ride. You know, don't get liquidated. That's the key to survival, as we say so often.
Speaker B: I did just do the math just now. Well, yeah, I'm bad at math, so I don't know if I did it right. But 3387 million down to 1.9 million is 98%.
Speaker A: I mean, that's, that's what a lot of assets got. A 98% hit, too. David, what do we got coming up next?
Speaker B: Coming up next, a bunch of news. We're going to start with the Jito airdrop and his governance token on Solana. I think Solana is by far biggest airdrop of a very, like, esteemed protocol. And also Cosmos hub is having a civil war. It's entering its. Remember the block size wars of bitcoin? I think that's what's going on with Cosmos Hub. So an airdrop, what does that mean for a chain split for atom holders? We're gonna talk about that, but first, a moment to talk about these fantastic sponsors that make this show possible, especially.
Speaker A: The Solana community is getting an airdrop, and it looks to be absolutely massive. Geeto is launching a governance token. It's called GTO. David, can you give us a recap of what Jitto even is for folks that are unfamiliar?
Speaker B: Project on a Solana? That is one of these, like, app layer projects that actually has to do with the Solana chain itself. So it's like these app infra projects. Jito soul is like the staked eth version. So Lido, we have staked Eth on Ethereum, Jito soul on Solana. But it's not just that. It's also Mev extraction as well. So you can run the Jito client to get the MeV trading done, like Ottoman built, kind of like the block proposer system of ethereum. And so it combines Mev extraction plus the staked soul, and then it combines that in together to optimize your soul yield. And this is called the Jito network, the Jito client.
Speaker A: All right, so it's like when you said Mev Boost, that is a product from flashbots that basically helps to create a marketplace for all of the MeV buying and selling on top of Ethereum. And Jito does something similar for Solana.
Speaker B: It democratizes access to Mev rewards. So instead of actually giving it to the most of it to mev extractors, it gives to people who just run the clients. And now. And Jitto now puts it into the cheeto token. So it's spreading out mev capture on it, on Solana.
Speaker A: So it's, it's that. And plus, it's also, um, it's also lido, as you said, for Solana. Okay, so you can imagine why the.
Speaker B: Solana community is very stoked about this. It's like, you know, a very deep integration with Solana system itself.
Speaker A: And how deep is the airdrop? Does it go to everybody, or, like, who gets this?
Speaker B: Yeah, so probably some more granular distributions into internal Jito community members. But really, the big one is if you are a holder of the Jito soul token, which is like the staked eth or our eth of ethereum. But for Solana, if you hold judo soul because you're getting the yield of Solana in judo soul, then you're getting airdropped. That's probably the big one. There's other ones as well. 10% of the total supply is being airdropped to its community members.
Speaker A: Fun fact for you, David, the eth maximalist over at bankless.
Speaker B: Bankless, right.
Speaker A: They've got a airdrop hunter, and they actually predicted Jito, and they predicted the drop of Cheeto. And so.
Speaker B: Wait, so people using the Eth maxi product got the Solana airdrop?
Speaker A: That's right.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker A: Bankless.com airdrophunter. And you would have known about that in advance, David. Fortunately, I didn't, because I didn't actually take the time to use this fully. David, let's talk a little bit about cosmos. We talked about Solana and their airdrop, but we also said that the cosmos community is getting some sort of a new token. Tell me about this. I used to be pretty active in the cosmos community back in the day.
Speaker B: Yeah. So Cosmos is entering its block size wars era. Block size wars is this era in bitcoin in which, like, there was this civil war between the big blockers and the small blockers, and it fractured into bitcoin and bitcoin cash. It was the largest split of bitcoin ever. And bitcoin cash was, like, decently relevant for a while, and it's just, like, slowly faded off into relatively.
Speaker A: Can I ask you something about this? But so when you say the block, block size wars, it wasn't, it wasn't just about the. The size of blocks. Was it. It was about something a bit more fundamental in terms of, like, what bitcoin was supposed to be. Was it supposed to be this store of value asset, or was it supposed to be this, like, kind of payment network?
Speaker B: Is exactly right, yeah.
Speaker A: Is cosmos actually having a war of block size, or is it about some fundamental philosophical divide here?
Speaker B: It's a philosophical divide. It's not about the size of blocks on the atom chain, but it is about, like, what is the identity of the. Of the cosmos hub, the atom token? Uh, and so it's. It's like, kind of the fractal equivalent. Right. And so it's not about size of blocks. It's more about. It is about the moneyness conversation, though. So the block size wars for bitcoin was like, well, small blockers are like, bitcoin is a store of value, and big blockers are like, bitcoin is a payments network. Store value people won payment networks is bitcoin cash. That's completely relevant. Now, Cosmos is entering a similar phase in which the token of atom is like, what is the purpose of atom? Is it meant to secure cosmos, or is it the money of cosmos? And this is the divide that is happening right now in cosmos. And there is, unlike bitcoin, there is a on chain voting for cosmos. So we actually get to see these votes show up and take place. And that vote did take place. And so the question is, is the atom token good collateral for Defi, or is it meant to only serve the security of the atom hub? And this was the vote that happened. And this is a question of inflation. How much do we inflate the atom currency? And so this vote went through to cap the inflation of adam at 10%. Right now, it's at about 14 plus percent. And the vote was to lower inflation and to cap it. So it only inflates so much over time. At 10%, that vote went through and passed. And so the. Not by a crazy amount. Like, there was a clear division in the community. It was 41% supported it, and 32% voted against it.
Speaker A: That's really close.
Speaker B: A clear victory. That shows a very strong division in the community. Right. And 80% of the validators participated. It wasn't like, binary. Now, adam, the token, will be capped at 10%. What does this do? How do we, like, analyze what this means for the atom ecosystem? Here's something that was helpful to analyze this. People out here are thinking that lowered inflation equals less supply equals higher atom price, and they are voting yes. The other camp is saying lower inflation doesn't affect price and are voting no. Meanwhile, traders big and small are like, oh, yield is going down. Maybe I should move adam into deFi. Adam. Liquidity goes up. Adam. DeFi strategies become more reliable and DeFi protocols start earning more revenue. Basically, lowering inflation takes away Adam from staking and incentivizes it to be more productive in DeFi because they are lowering the productivity of atom as a staking.
Speaker A: Asset because yields are low, like money.
Speaker B: It's becoming more like collateral.
Speaker A: Like, ethereum has gone through this. Remember, minimum viable issuance, right? Decreasing the issuance all the time until we kind of put a permanent monetary policy in place that is based based on demand for block space and the amount of staking and turned ether into a much more monetary type of unit that accrues value. And a similar type of conversation is happening in cosmos, right?
Speaker B: That's exactly right. Jay Kwan, who is the founder, one of the main core founders of Cosmos, wrote the tendermint white paper like built IBC. He is not pleased. So this is like the Satoshi, if you will, the original inceptor of Cosmos with the guy, and is like, I don't agree with this vote.
Speaker A: My understanding, too, David, is he's been kind of checked out of the cosmos community for the last couple of years. He's been kind of on the periphery, not as actively involved. So that's some other context going into this, I believe.
Speaker B: Sure. So Jaquan says despite the vote passing, which is something not too surprising, it would be good to know whether the later votes came from newly purchased atoms or not. Now let's coordinate a split, he says. He's like, wow, yo, that's great. Great for you guys. You guys, do you. I'm forking. And so Jquan is going to fork Adam, and now there's going to be adam one, like adam number one, as in, you're going to make a new atom cosmos hub. And it's going to be the one that doesn't support Adam as money and instead optimizes for chain security. Bye. Issuing high yields, high inflation for atom holders who stake, which is how you get high security.
Speaker A: I don't understand how that gives you high security, though, because every.
Speaker B: Because it incentivizes all the atom to stake to the atom.
Speaker A: Yeah, but if the value of your atom is lower, then the economic security is lower.
Speaker B: And that's why we are eth Maxis brother.
Speaker A: I mean, it's just, this is an argument we've had for a long time, many times. Bitcoin did this. Ethereum certainly did this. And the core argument was, if you are a layer one and you're trying to optimize for security money, then what you have to do is also, if you want to fully optimize for security, you have to fully optimize to have your layer one assets be a monetary instrument and be a money. And actually, that's one of the things that kind of pulled me away from the cosmos community, is I was just like, I don't understand how atoms accrue.
Speaker B: Value in this world because y'all keep on into infinity. 14% a year, bro.
Speaker A: Well, they kept. The answer was always, it's not money, it's something else. And what is money ness, really, anyway? And if we need money, we'll just import bitcoin into our system. And, like, if you do that, you won't have economic security to actually support all of the things that you. It was just a circular argument. And it sounds like now the debate is being settled the crypto way, which is fork choice, you get to decide. So I haven't seen a good old fashioned fork in a very long time. David, remind me what happens. All right, I have some Adam tokens. Do I get Adam one?
Speaker B: You get Adam one. If you are an Adam token holder, your blockchain is just going to split into the historical state will be copied, and then you will have both adam and adam one. It should be called adam two, but I get it. It's adam classic, classic J's vision. Yeah. If this fork does happen, you'll have atoms on both chains. Uh, and one will have more value than the other. And one.
Speaker A: The market will decide.
Speaker B: The market will decide. And one will likely. I'm like, pro. Like, jay, I love the philosophy, man, but, like, you're going to lose to money. Like, capital begets capital, liquidity begets liquidity. Governance begets governance. Like, you're going to lose, like.
Speaker A: Well, I just feel like we've seen this experiment play out with enough times and. Yeah, but who knows? Maybe this time it's a little bit different and the cosmos community, to be fair, is a little bit different.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Than other communities. So I don't know, but I'm pretty excited about getting those. Those fork tokens with my adam one. And I can't wait to hit sell because it's not money. Sorry, Jay. I mean, bankless listener, you do whatever you want.
Speaker B: You know, our stance on this whole thing, window, our thesis, just become just like, if this plays out the way that are, the bankless thesis about money, and layer ones plays out of. I declare that it is no longer a thesis and it's just correct.
Speaker A: No, no, we're gonna retest that every single cycle for infinity. Infinity cycles. We gotta retest all our assumptions. Okay, this last thing.
Speaker B: Remember we talked about learning.
Speaker A: Yeah. Speaking about learning lessons, what was the learning lesson for paradigm? We talked about this new layer two that had some.
Speaker B: This two pyramids. Not layer two. It's not a layer.
Speaker A: Oh, it's not a layer two. This multi sig, calling itself a layer two called blast, which is basically pyramid scheming. The whole thing. Like, I'll use this term, ponzifying everything.
Speaker B: Incentives. Yes, incentives.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: Incentive Ponzi. Yeah.
Speaker A: Not necessarily bad, not necessarily good. I am personally neutral on that. It's a growth mechanic. Like, you have to understand that it comes with risk and all sorts of things and, you know, easily up, easily down.
Speaker B: It doesn't. It doesn't really come with risk because, like, you're depositing your assets in, and then, like, other people get, like, rewarded more if they referred you in the issuance of new blast tokens, rather than just, like, paying new incoming money being paid to support old money. That's the true Ponzi. No one's ether is being, like, redistributed. It's just the Ponzi incentives of blast tokens or the ponzi.
Speaker A: What I mean is risk to the ecosystem in that, like, you have. You're just. It's cocaine, man. It's a huge. It's a sugar rush. And so you shoot all the way up, and then you know what's going to happen? It's going to come crashing down at some point in time, because it's not. Anyway, that aside, the bigger issue we talked about last week was it's not actually a layer two, it's a multisig of some sort.
Speaker B: And even worse, it's a one way multisig. You can't withdraw.
Speaker A: And so, David, we are on a dune analytics board, and I am seeing some numbers here that are very big. How much value is actually locked in blast?
Speaker B: At this point, $620 million has been deposited to blast.
Speaker A: Is that product market fit on a.
Speaker B: Three of five one way multisig that's not a layer two, and then being advertised as a layer two. And so, like, at this point, it's just like, why do layer twos go do these engineering challenges? Why do we do the hard stuff? Bytecode EVM equivalents and, like, distributed sequencers? Like, why are we doing the hard stuff? You're getting $600 million for being a three of five multisig that you can't withdraw from. Like, it's just an insult to all the actual hard engineering teams out there.
Speaker A: I guess so. I mean, my take is it's just a shortcut. But anyway, a lot of money has piled into this. Right?
Speaker B: And for comparison, that is the equivalent of the entire TVL of Solana.
Speaker A: What?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: They did the entire TVL of Solana in, like, a week.
Speaker B: Yeah. A couple weeks, yeah.
Speaker A: Oh, wow.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker A: Well, there we go. That's a. That's a lot of money that's already been injected in this. And I gotta imagine most of this is eth. Yeah, look at this.
Speaker B: It's Ethan Stables. Yeah. But most. Yeah.
Speaker A: Ether is just so massive. Okay, so paradigm has been associated with this project because they invested this project. They were also a key investor in Friendtech. Right? So they're starting to get this reputation of, like, if you want your token to go up, if you want to experiment with these, you know, Ponzi economics, paradigm is the name, right? And so, like, paradigm plus new project equals number go up, token go up, TVL go up. Paradigm, it looks like, is trying to distance itself maybe a little bit from that. And we've had Dan Robinson on before, I think, very highly of. Of the folks at Paradigm and many of the research that they do, much of the research that they do and the projects that they support. George, we could go on with.
Speaker B: Couldn't say better words.
Speaker A: Okay, so what is Dan saying here? What's the gist of this?
Speaker B: Yeah. So he goes, there are a lot of components of blast that I'm excited about and would be interested in engaging with people to work on. That said, we at paradigm think that the announcement this week crossed lines in both messaging and execution. What we don't agree with is the decision to launch the bridge before the layer two. So you launch the deposit contract before the network exists and then also not allow withdrawals for three months since we.
Speaker A: Oh, I forgot about that. You can't get your money out of that, huh?
Speaker B: Right. Dan says it sets a bad precedent for other projects. Yeah. To draw another lesson out in history, like, why did Blockfi go under? Why did Genesis go under? Because Alex effing Machinsky was doing an actual ponzi and paying ridiculously high yields. And so all of the legitimate competition had to be dragged into the cesspool of, like, fraud and illegitimacy because of one player who is playing unfairly. And so this is what he's. This is what Dan is saying, it's like, it's a bad precedent. Like, don't either. Incentivizing deposits. The network's not live. It's a one way multi sig. It's a bad precedent. Don't encourage this behavior. So I'm pretty blasted for making this.
Speaker A: Statement, even if blast isn't doing this right, is the bad precedent is the key language here, because this is like, trust me, bro, security. And we already had that. We had that with all of the crypto banks, and we don't need that again. So even if blast doesn't screw people over, the next project to follow this new, well trodden path, that kind of works from a growth perspective. Totally will and totally could. What else does he say here? Because this is interesting. This is a investor basically throwing some shade at a set of founders that they invested in.
Speaker B: It's a vc publicly denouncing the actions of one of their portfolios. Generally, you don't. That's generally a no no. Which means that this is really egregious, bro. There's also emphasis on Pac man, who is the founder of Blur, who's now also the founder of Blast, who's really been, like, the guy leading this execution of these strategies, really leaning into the gamification thing. He's this guy. This guy's like 24. He's like, had, like, this crazy history. Like, just operator of operators. I think he's. He's going too far. I think he should reel in a little bit and become a little bit more tame. We have seen when people go too far in crypto. I don't want him to follow that path.
Speaker A: Yeah, well, that's what the. The social layer of crypto is telling them. The non existent social layer, I believe. I think paradigm was maybe on the hot seat a little bit more than bankless last week, but it was between paradigm and bankless.
Speaker B: Yeah. You know. You know who else needs to reel it in? Those goddamn bankless guys submitting proposals.
Speaker A: Well, you're a welcome paradigm for absorbing some of the heat for you guys. We're happy to do that. Anyway, don't want to revisit memory lane. We did a whole episode on this. What do we got coming up next?
Speaker B: Someone is up to some shenanigans with the Ethereum blockchain playing some timing games with blocks being added to the chain. We'll talk about what that means. Also, where in the world is Richard heart? If you know, the SEC would, like.
Speaker A: Give him a phone number.
Speaker B: Yeah, give him. Call Gary. Because the SEC would like to know exactly where Richard Heart is. And also the Kyber network is exploited for $55 million. And now the exploiter wants to take control of the company. I don't know if it works that way, but apparently he does. We're going to get into all of these stories and more, but first, a moment to talk about these fantastic sponsors.
Speaker A: David, you promised us shenanigans. Tell us about the shenanigans.
Speaker B: Oh, I got shenanigans for you. Here's a tweet from Tony who works at the EF and he says p two. P.org announces he is not associated with pdp.org. dot p two. P.org announces that it will call get header later in the slot. These are technical terms trading off chain stability against more mev profit. This is exactly the centralized behavior that we should not tolerate as long as we as users have the choice about where to stake our assets. Okay, what is going on? This is something that.
Speaker A: Speaker three. I'm in Ethereum. I shouldn't. I feel like I should know what this tweet means. I have no idea.
Speaker B: Yeah, so this was something that was predicted once as something that is possible to do by this guy Casper, who also works at the EF, as well as a few other people who put this paper together called time is money strategic timing games in proof of stake protocols. Every once in a while I do put on my research hat and open up some research papers. So I read this one. It's actually pretty good. There's a big mathy section that I skipped, but basically if you go down to slide eight, page eight, Ryan, it really shows you went past it.
Speaker A: Am I an ethereum researcher now? Right there, right there.
Speaker B: Okay, so this is showing. This is the x axis. Is that the horizontal axis? The x axis is the flat one. Right. And so that's time. And then the y axis is level of ether extraction based off of time. If, Ryan, it is your turn to propose a block. You have 8 seconds, 12 seconds or something, some number of seconds to propose that block before you are late and you get minorly penalized for being late and not proposing a block. If you usually people honest behavior and just not playing any timing games. When it becomes time to propose block, you just propose it. You're collecting the transactions, you put them all together, you get the header of the block which has all the transactions in it, and then you propose it.
Speaker A: Because I'm an honest validator. That's what I do.
Speaker B: If you wait, you can kind of capture some more mev and more transactions, because you're having inbound transactions. Transactions are coming into you. If you wait and delay your proposer, you can kind of steal some mev from the next guy.
Speaker A: You skim a little bit off the top.
Speaker B: Yeah. Right. You're just collecting more transactions that would otherwise have gone to the next guy in the queue. And so you're just taking it from them. And this is like a valid, like a rational economic strategy that this. These Ef researchers were like, yo, this is possible. We don't. We are not observing this yet, but this is possible. And this paper was released, like, half.
Speaker A: A year ago, and it's happening now.
Speaker B: And now P two p is announcing for, like, proudly announcing that, yo, we're gonna play some timing games and we're gonna have a higher yield than our competitors.
Speaker A: P two p. Or they. What are they?
Speaker B: They are a stock builders. You can validate stake with them. You can go stake with them. Yeah.
Speaker A: Oh, okay. How much. How much eth stake do they have?
Speaker B: Institutional grade staking solution, $2.5 billion. I'm assuming that is mostly all eth. Yeah, I think this is Kobe's project, bro. I think. I think Coby is, like, the founder. One of the founders of this p two p.org. yeah, this is. It's. And also another one of the lido founders. I can't remember, Vasily. I can't remember.
Speaker A: But they're able to present, like, give their validators, basically, the stakers who stake with them an edge, right? A bit more yield.
Speaker B: So, like, it's dangerous to play timing games, because if you say you wait to propose your block right up to the edge, and then you have some sort of latency hiccup, then your block doesn't get proposed, and then you get penalized, so you don't get any money. And so it really benefits people who have better latency and better connectivity, which is why it doesn't really benefit solo stakers. If you are somebody who's like, p two p, you can wait the maximum amount of time, which is like 4 seconds, whereas solo stakers can't take that level of risk because they don't have the same connectivity, so they can only take a few seconds, and so it benefits high connectivity. And then p two p is like, yo, we're going to play timing games, come stake with us because we're going to get more yield. And it's basically just like, yo, we're going to just take the transactions from the next guy and give it it to us. So this is generally considered rational, but shitty behavior.
Speaker A: It's, it's a, it's a MeV problem, basically.
Speaker B: It's an MeV, you know, I have.
Speaker A: A take about that, but I almost don't want to get into this whole take. I think we got to save it for our takes episode. Big mistakes.
Speaker B: Okay, yeah, but one little, one little bit more of data .0065 ether per second is the price of time on Ethereum block production. So if you wait 1 second, you on average will obtain 0065 more eats.
Speaker A: Here's the problem with this, right? And the tweet frames it as, like, we shouldn't tolerate this. Like, don't do that. It's bad behavior. Right. I agree with all of that. And yet, and yet also, our protocol has to be hardened against that, that kind of bad behavior. Like, again, David and I were just playing at e three searchers, so, like, somebody call the devs. It's not you and I who are going to solve this. But my take is that we can't use these values, like the idea of ethereum alignment as a crutch because we have to accept that there will be people out there that will cheat, that don't share these types of values. And Ethereum is strongest when it actually harnesses stuff like that, when it harnesses the human greed, when it harnesses the MEV to accomplish its goals. This is why you and I have been in favor of mechanisms like ultrasound money. The more eth we burn, the more numbers should go up. More security for everybody.
Speaker B: What does the EV from the extraction. And you give it to the ETH holders? There's a wider pool of people. Yeah.
Speaker A: So give me that greed, all that greed ETH number go up, like, you know, and then we'll convert that into decentralization. We'll convert that into economic security. Anyway, it's a general observation that I think that it's good to make this visible, but we shouldn't go over the top at, you know, in the crypto community, in the Ethereum community, and wrap people's knuckles and just say, you know, bad builders, bad validators do not do this. We have to repair it at the mechanism level and at the root.
Speaker B: Yep. That is the power of crypto economics that we have the power to do that. Okay, moving on. Ready?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Kyber network, which is a DeFi liquidity protocol, started in 2017 as an ICO. Just been in the background invisibly providing liquidity. Ogs, like, super competent team, been around for a while, sadly, was exploited for $55 million, 20 million from Kyro and arbitrum 15 from optimism, seven from the ETH layer one and the exploiter. This is the same exploiter, if you saw this on crypto Twitter, who was like, who exploited Kyber and then wrote this on chain message saying, negotiations will begin after I've had arrest.
Speaker A: Wow. Yeah.
Speaker B: People are like, oh, he's just exploiting now he's gonna go take a nap. So here the, here are the demands. He wrote this very long on chain message. It goes to all relevant and. Or, this is the hacker who has.
Speaker A: That 50 million from Kyber network.
Speaker B: Yes. To all relevant and or interested parties. I thank you for your attention and patience during this uncertain time for Kyber as well as the company of Kyber Dow. You know, Dow and company below, I have delineated a treaty for us to agree to. My demands are as follows. Complete executive control over Kyber the company, temporary full authority and ownership over the governance mechanism Kyber Dao in order to enact legislative changes. My current wallet address is fined for this. All documents and information related to company and protocol formation, structure, operation, revenues, profits, expensive assets, liabilities, investors and salaries, and the surrender of all Kyber the company assets, both on and off chain, including but not limited to shares, equity tokens, partnerships, blogs, websites, servers, passwords, social channels, and any and all creative and intellectual property of Congress. He's saying, hey, in order for this money to return, you gotta give me the company. Like I'm the captain now.
Speaker A: This is so stupid. So first of all, whoever this is is obviously a complete dick. But also, like, these are impossible demands to meet.
Speaker B: Like, a. I think technically they would be possible, but he would, he needs.
Speaker A: To, like, then he would get arrested.
Speaker B: He would get arrested.
Speaker A: Then here's. Here's my equity. Where is Kyber organized? Like Singapore or Hong Kong or something, if I recall correctly. Like, what, what email address should I send this to? And, like, what name should I put? Oh, here's my name. Like, it's, it's settled in meat space. Like, he doesn't. This is impossible. And I would rather just, like, send the authorities to his house rather than send him legal documents. If you know exactly who he is.
Speaker B: And so it's got to be a troll then, right? Like, he's got to be. It's got to be a troll.
Speaker A: There's got to be a troll. So maybe it's a negotiation tactic, but he ends with this. He says, this is my best offer. This is my only offer. I require my demands to be met by December 10. Otherwise the treaty falls through and I guess he keeps the 50 million. I actually, I don't think this person's in a good position to negotiate.
Speaker B: In so many cases, most exploiters end up getting in trouble.
Speaker A: Get.
Speaker B: It's really hard to hide your tracks.
Speaker A: Yeah. FBI, somebody hunts him down, finds them. Maybe he strong arms them, exists for a while, but like, how is he actually going to exit these positions? It's going to be tracked, you know, on chain.
Speaker B: The only thing I can think of is like he just threw a big old distraction their way and he's trying to figure out like how to, what.
Speaker A: His next move is.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: You think some of these hackers, they do the hack and they're like, oh, I, like I caught the car and I don't like know what I'm gonna do, right?
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker A: Yeah. A dog chases car and catches it. David, we've got some execution layers on the scene. The first one, it's called movement, I believe. What is this?
Speaker B: Yeah, movement is a move based layer two on Ethereum with Celestia data availability. I think if you're a developer, you really think move is super cool? I guess, I don't know. Cool programming language. Great stuff over there.
Speaker A: It's not evM, it's just not solidity, right?
Speaker B: Yeah, it's not solidity. Is move like the Facebook language?
Speaker A: It was, yeah.
Speaker B: Oh, look at me. Look at this guy. Anyways, move based ethereum layer two on the scene got launched with less of data availability. That's pretty cool. Also say v two, say is like one of those big high valued chains that raise a ton of money towards.
Speaker A: The end of the killers in quotes, high tps thing.
Speaker B: Yeah. They're announcing say v two, paralyzed EVM. So this is also what Monad does as well.
Speaker A: Parallelized, right?
Speaker B: Parallelized EVM.
Speaker A: Not paralyzed, it's parallelized.
Speaker B: Parallelized.
Speaker A: So it happens in parallel. Yes.
Speaker B: If we could get the parallel EVM to the ethereum layer one, that would be super cool. I don't know how much of an engineering lift that is. Anyways, if we could get that by.
Speaker A: Next week too, guys, that'd be great.
Speaker B: Yeah, that'd be fantastic. And so. Yeah, some cool new chains. Yeah, all the trainy, trainy stuff. Ready to move on to nfts.
Speaker A: I just want to say one more thing. I think there's a lot of experiments going on in parallelized evms, right? One is this say thing. It's a layer two. Another is monad. We've talked about that before. They're doing like a, you know, parallelized EVM. That can very high transactions per second.
Speaker B: Also, it's like one of the big things that the Solana people flex about the Solana virtual machine is it's like localized fee markets and parallelization.
Speaker A: Yeah, they've got a great.
Speaker B: This is that for the EVM.
Speaker A: This is that for the EVM. And also eclipse, who we've brought on before, which are basically doing a Solana virtual machine only on layer two. Anyway.
Speaker B: A lot of innovation going to data availability.
Speaker A: Okay, we could talk about nfts now. Tell me about it, David.
Speaker B: Okay, so I. We. Ryan, like the cats. That's a phrase that the cats say. These are the cool cats. They got a big blow up balloon on Macy's Thanksgiving holiday day parade, and I think that's pretty cool.
Speaker A: Yeah. One of my kids was watching this and she said, dad, it's a cool cat.
Speaker B: I was like, oh, they know what a cool cat is.
Speaker A: Yeah, they know what a cool cat is.
Speaker B: Oh, cool. We don't have the picture up, but there's a video of Klon, who is the creator of cool cats. Like, doing like, a selfie video as he's walking through the brine. Yeah, I met him at the cool cats meet up in LA when I lived in San Diego. And, like, I did, like, there was like 200 people there at this cool cats meetup in LA. And, like, there was like, this cat drawing station, and he was just like, they're just drawing some cats with, like, some other cool cat owners. Like, that goes, doing it for the art.
Speaker A: We're not doing it for price anymore. We're just doing it because we want to support the art.
Speaker B: Yeah, I thought that was pretty cool.
Speaker A: David, where in the world is Richard Hart from hex?
Speaker B: I feel like that's an someone online.
Speaker A: All right, so we got a block story. It says the SEC is having trouble serving Hex founder Richard Hart with its lawsuit.
Speaker B: So I'm just shocked.
Speaker A: The SEC has some law lawsuits for Richard Heart, I guess, and they can't find him. So he lives in Finland.
Speaker B: He lives in Finland.
Speaker A: About the location of Richard Hart. Gary Gensler wants to know about that.
Speaker B: Yeah. So the SEC has said that it underscores the legal hurdles in prosecuting international cases involving digital assets. The Eastern District Court of New York City claims jurisdiction as many of the crypto asset transactions hex here and took place on Uniswap, a so called decentralized crypto asset trading platform whose developers are headquartered in Brooklyn. Yeah. So is that.
Speaker A: Are they trying to implicate Uniswap here, too?
Speaker B: Yes, yes. They are so called decentralized. Those are the words of Elizabeth Warren.
Speaker A: I don't know, man. I don't know who I dislike more. Is it the scammers or some of these kind of regulators that are trying to say, uniswap lab needs to, like.
Speaker B: Rename to something else?
Speaker A: What?
Speaker B: Well, because, like, oh, the uniswap.
Speaker A: Are you trying to get into a bankless, bankless dow thing again?
Speaker B: Oh, my God. I am confused. Oh, my God, I am doing that.
Speaker A: Can't get it out of my head.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Uniswap and Uniswap labs, are they the same thing?
Speaker B: What are they?
Speaker A: How about CZ? He has been ordered to stay in the US for now. I suppose us authorities think he a flight risk, so they're saying, you got to stay here, you can't leave.
Speaker B: Well, he has a massive amount of wealth. And also, where he's from, the UAE has no extradition treaty with the United States. So you put those two things together and they're like, you know what, CZ, you're going to stay here.
Speaker A: And so he's waiting for his court case, right, to actually determine his sentencing.
Speaker B: Like his jail sentencing, how many years, months he will stay in jail, which will happen in, like, February 20 something.
Speaker A: February.
Speaker B: February, yeah.
Speaker A: Okay. Wow. So there you go, David. We got a meme of the week to end this weekly roll up. What are we looking at here? Elizabeth Warren.
Speaker B: How? Elizabeth Warren tweet saying, okay, we do not need another private equity deal that could lead to higher food prices for consumers. The FTC is right to investigate whether the purchase of subway by the same firms that own Jimmy John's and McAllister's deli are creating a sandwich shop monopoly. And it is a political tweet. This is a serious tweet. Yeah, she is going. She's not only recruiting an anti crypto army, she's also recruiting an anti sandwich shop monopoly army as well. Yuga e, who works at Coinbase, who goes. Senator, as one of your constituents, I would like to thank you for your tough stance on sandwich shops. These crumb jugglers have been wreaking havoc in our communities for too long. The election will be decided by issues of bread and fill, and I'm happy to see you understand that.
Speaker A: Oh, my gosh. That is great. That is what Elizabeth Warren is spending her time on. Hey, better sandwiches than crypto. I think she's maybe more productive over there, that's for sure. All right, we're gonna end with risks in a minute, but first, we disclose neither David nor myself have ever held the token called hex. Important disclosure there. But we do.
Speaker B: Oh. Why is that in the.
Speaker A: I thought it'd be funny. May, it's not risky. Disclaimers, guys. Crypto is risk. Risky. You definitely lose what you put in. But so are sandwich shops and delis. We are headed west. This is the frontier. It's not for everyone. But we're glad you're with us on the bankless journey. Thanks a lot.
