Speaker A: Solana went down this week. David, I don't know if you noticed. I know you're on the Solana chain.
Speaker B: A lot all the time.
Speaker A: It was down for 5 hours, and that is the first time it's been down in almost a year. Bangladesh station is the second week of February, David, what time is it?
Speaker B: It's the bankless Friday weekly roll up where we cover all the weekly news and crypto, which is always an ambitious endeavor, yet we persevere nonetheless into the bullish frontier. How you doing, Ryan?
Speaker A: Good. I'm glad you said bullish frontier. Are you having, are you having fun, man? Is this fun?
Speaker B: I'm having fun. There's a lot of interesting things going on. It's a lot of exciting things going on. There's a lot of lot to look forward to. A lot that's happening now, a lot that will happen in the future. Overall, yeah, I'm definitely feels it's a good time in the market.
Speaker A: I feel like it's a good time in the market, too. Like, it's just hasn't gotten crazy yet. I don't know. We've seen some new things. Farcaster episode. Well, let's unpack it. What are we covering today?
Speaker B: We're covering first Solana's five hour network outage. Oof. We'll talk about that. There was a little bit of an autopsy, not the official one, but someone put a tweet thread together, so we'll go through that and talk about the significance. Second, the other very exciting thing that happened this week, the Eigen layer. LSt tokens, caps were lifted, how much TVL flooded into eigen layer.
Speaker A: It's just piling in. It's absolutely piling in. We also got the farcaster users hitting all time highs, so we'll talk a bit more about that. And David, we have the date for the next Ethereum upgrade, I think.
Speaker B: Is this the official date from the devs?
Speaker A: The devs?
Speaker B: From the devs. The date that the devs said. I thought they didn't give dates until they do.
Speaker A: Okay, well, fair enough. Well, before we get in, we get a message from our friends and sponsors. Well, David, let's pay some attention to the market price, shall we? And honestly, David, at this time in the market, I don't know if I'm more zen than usual or what, but this is, like, right before. This episode was the first time I actually looked at charts since last week, since the last roll up. And I was pleasantly surprised to see this one. This is bitcoin, thanks to Kraken pro for these excellent charts. And thanks to the bitcoin gods for the charts showing upward trajectory. What are we at on the week?
Speaker B: I'm guessing, Ryan, you don't have the page on your phone that, like, if you scroll over it shows all the prices. You don't have one of these things.
Speaker A: It's not healthy. It's not healthy for me to price.
Speaker B: Any remain home screen on your. On your phone. You don't have that.
Speaker A: I don't see that.
Speaker B: You have no idea what the prices are until we do the weekly roll up. Yeah.
Speaker A: I mean, really? Unless something crazy happens and then I find about it some other way and, like.
Speaker B: Cause somebody sells something.
Speaker A: This doesn't. This is a nice price on the week, but this is not crazy activity.
Speaker B: This is not coin.
Speaker A: So I just.
Speaker B: I think people are excited about the price action right now. A because we're coming back out of the 30,000 range, where was, like, the bearish range. Like, people were thinking, we're getting it done at 36,000 and we're not. We're not doing that. We started the week at 42 and a half. $1,000 on the bitcoin up to $45,200, up 6% on the week. Marching our way back to the bitcoin ETF approval highs of 49,000. And I think, Ryan, once we, like, hit 49,000 and break 50,000, like, I'm sorry, like, all time highs are next. That's just. That's.
Speaker A: That would be all time highs of this cycle. Right. This cycle for forty nine k. Forty.
Speaker B: Nine is a new high water mark. Yeah, we set that, like, two or three weeks ago.
Speaker A: All right, so 50k would be, like, kind of net new territory for this cycle. And what is. Wait, what is all time high for bitcoin now?
Speaker B: 69.
Speaker A: 69.
Speaker B: How could you forget? Yeah, let's.
Speaker A: Silly me. All right, 69. Next you're going to tell me ethereum. All time high was 4200.
Speaker B: No, no, it was 4900.
Speaker A: Sorry, sorry. That's higher. That's actually higher than I remembered. Okay, well, tell me about Eth on.
Speaker B: The week, where we at $2,290 is where it started. We were up 2%. 6%. Excuse me, 6% to $2,430. So some. Some up weeks.
Speaker A: So both bitcoin and ether up 6% on the week. We'll take that one. Not double digits, but we'll take it. And the ratio is that about steady?
Speaker B: Well, it's steady, but it's low. But it's steady.
Speaker A: Lower than you want lower than I want.
Speaker B: It's a long time. Plenty of room for upside. I'll free frame it like that.
Speaker A: Lots of room in the ratio for upside. Tell me about the total crypto market.
Speaker B: Cap we just broke this morning. $1.8 trillion. Is that.
Speaker A: I don't think all time highs.
Speaker B: Yeah, we have not, well, not all time highs for the total crypto market cap. I think we got a little bit above that.
Speaker A: No, but I mean it's cycle, cycle all time highs, right?
Speaker B: Oh, that's what I mean. I mean I think we hit 1.86 right at the bitcoin ETF approval and it's been down since then. So we are six d. Sixty billion dollars off of cycle. Total crypto market cap all time highs. Wow. I want two, 2,000,000,000,002 and then what happens at two?
Speaker A: You just feel better.
Speaker B: You get to three.
Speaker A: It's never enough for you, is it? No. Let's talk about something that's never enough, which is total locked value in layer twos and transactions on layer twos. It can never be enough for me. David, this layer two update is brought to you by Mantle, which is a new and upcoming layer two that we especially enjoy, by the way. I think Meath is that all time highs. Speaking of all time highs, which is.
Speaker B: Mantle TVL on mantle all time highs also Meath also now in Eigen layer. So there's a bunch of mantle ether in Eigen lair. And what they're going to do, they're juicing the mantle eth yields like natively. So like the Mantle eth yield is like 7%. And all of the mantle Meath treasury, that's now an Eigen layer. They're just going to send the points over to the Meath holders on the mantle layer. That's cool.
Speaker A: You get some yield on your yield, huh?
Speaker B: Yeah, that's what I like. Some points on your yield. On your yield.
Speaker A: Some points on my yield. On my yield. Wow. This is crypto in 20 2024, folks. Well, we're close to all time highs in total value locked in layer twos at 22 billion and activity. Yeah, not too bad. We're about five ethereums worth of activity.
Speaker B: Five and a half. Yeah, I want that number to be higher. I'm dissatisfied by that number. Yeah, I want eight. Show me eight.
Speaker A: How about you think post the next ethereum hard fork EIP 4844. You think that unleashes that?
Speaker B: That's a good point. That's a good point. Yeah. I don't know. What do you think that jumps to.
Speaker A: I don't know. I mean, transactions get cheaper. It doesn't mean that.
Speaker B: Yeah, first transactions get cheaper, and then there is more of them. In that order of operations, transactions get.
Speaker A: Cheaper, and that induces demand. Like, that would be the theory. And so, you know, we get more activity, although I don't actually know if cost of transactions on layer twos, how much of a constraint that is. It's got to be somewhat of a constraint, right? Because.
Speaker B: Well, yeah, if you lower costs, you have more arbitrage opportunities.
Speaker A: Well, how much does it cost? How much does a transaction like moving eth on arbitrary optimism or.
Speaker B: I think it's like four or $0.05 right now. And then to swap on uniswap, it's like eleven to $0.12.
Speaker A: So we're going to fractions of a penny, right.
Speaker B: Point momentarily, and then it will come back up to about those prices, but then there will be, like a 20 to 30% to 40% more transactions.
Speaker A: So I guess if transactions are like, you know, five cents, ten cents, twenty five cents, thirty cents, that is a constraint, I think, on activity. That's enough. Where you kind of, like, pause and like, do you actually need to do this or not? So it's enough.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. It's enough to, like, a lot of automated transactions don't happen. I think user transactions, users don't care about, like, users don't think about $0.30 unless they're doing a ton of stuff. But, you know, how many times do you touch your ledger? Every single day.
Speaker A: Yeah, not very often.
Speaker B: Not that often.
Speaker A: I do think bots are biggest activity drivers here. Right? A lot of robots using our chains here. Well, let's get to some general market news. And there is some downside, I guess, right now in the markets. This is a tweet from.
Speaker B: Don't get too excited.
Speaker A: Here we go again. He says 1.4 billion of GBTC from the Genesis bankruptcy. Forgot about that. We still got to clean that up.
Speaker B: Still got that.
Speaker A: Potentially followed by another 1.2 billion in the future, again from Genesis. He says this is a lot for the market to digest in a short period of time. Okay. We still have Genesis, I guess, to. To go through their liquidation process, and that's going to be some bitcoin outflows. You think that'll be downward pressure on price?
Speaker B: It will. It will cease upward pressure on price. It will delay upward pressure on price, in my opinion. Yeah. Which I think. I know. We're all. We want upward. We want upward movements because that's what? Of course, obviously. But also, the longer that we can go before all time highs, in my mind, the better, the healthier, the less dgen, the more responsible, the longer we can grow out the infrastructure. If we can just stretch out the anticipatory period as long as possible. Wow. And just.
Speaker A: I don't know where we're going with this.
Speaker B: Stay edging. You know, we just gotta edge our way there.
Speaker A: Slow and steady. Slow and steady wins the race is what my co host is trying to say. You know what? I don't know if I would have heard this from the David Hoffman of 2019 in 2020. I don't know if I would. David Hoffman urging caution and slowness. I think you would just be like, bring it on, man. Like, Brit.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I want my tennis.
Speaker B: I want my portfolio to go up just like the next guy, but I know it's good for me. I want it to go up slowly and surely and long over time, because I want the good times to stick around, not just, like, have a blow off top, you know? Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah. Enjoy your beer. You know, I don't want to have.
Speaker B: A premature bull market. No one enjoys those. All right. It's a bad time for everyone.
Speaker A: Well, moving on, David, let's talk about the bitcoin spot. ETF, this horse race of horse races where all of the bankers have jumped into bitcoin with their. Their ETF products, which is winning. Who are the winning horses at this stage, David?
Speaker B: Well, GBTC is still in the lead in terms of, like, aum. It's got 71% of the market, but that number is going. That number is getting smaller, and then all the other numbers are getting bigger. So I bit from Blackrock at 11.5%, FBTC from fidelity at 10%, ark at 2.6%, and then bit wise at 2.5%. Um, but, like, the. If you're watching on screen, the big blue shape is going to get eaten by the smaller rainbows. Uh, these are technical terms.
Speaker A: The big blue. So it's opposite of Pac man then.
Speaker B: Yeah, Pac Man's getting smaller. Rainbow's getting bigger. The rest. The rest of the pie chart, we're looking at a pie chart, uh, which also is, like, kind of intimidating because that GPTC definitely needs to, like, flow out, but that doesn't mean sold there. The. The people that are dumping GBTC are. Are eager to dump. And then the GPTC that's left in g in the grayscale. Now, ETF, they're just getting charged really high fees, and so they're going to. They're. If they want to hold, they will hold. They just need to transfer.
Speaker A: I mean, some of these, like, with Blackrock, they were subsidizing it. Right. Was like, free. Some of these.
Speaker B: A lot of these are free for the first six months. Yeah. Whereas GPTC is still 1.5%, which is insane for ETF.
Speaker A: Yeah. And you can really see these, these flows in terms of volume, where actually, Blackrock CTF is leading as a 40% of the volume. I guess that's on the week, huh? Versus GPDC with 30%.
Speaker B: So really, by the time. By the time listeners get this, it will be. There will be $30 billion of Aum inside of the bitcoin ETF's. It's 29.2 right now.
Speaker A: Well, you got a personal favorite, ETF, David? Do you have any?
Speaker B: Oh, of course.
Speaker A: Really?
Speaker B: Yeah. Do you have a guess which one my favorite is?
Speaker A: Um. Yeah, I'm gonna. I'm gonna say Matt Hogan's.
Speaker B: Oh, absolutely. You gotta. You gotta give it to Bitwig. Of course.
Speaker A: Have you ever had a.
Speaker B: They were here first. All of the. The black rocks, you know, fidelity. Fidelity. Fidelity. Gets some kudos. Yeah, black rocks. You guys are just a bunch of boomers. But hey, we love you too. Yeah, thanks. Have all the boomer wealth. Thanks for being here. You're very wealthy, but you gotta give it to bitwise.
Speaker A: They're.
Speaker B: They're like the good guys.
Speaker A: What about Van Eck with Hodl?
Speaker B: They also deserve. Deserve a shout out, for sure. Super crypto natives. But no bitwise. Bitwise wins.
Speaker A: Okay. I agree with you.
Speaker B: I think they also have the lowest fees. The lowest fees.
Speaker A: Yeah. This is James Safer. Big volume day for Blackrock. ETF. Total volume, over 1 billion for the group. So. Yeah, when eth. ETF, huh?
Speaker B: James, we got some things to talk about with the Eth TFDE.
Speaker A: Uh, another number that is up in the markets, we should talk about a record day for forecaster David ten.
Speaker B: I think it's been a record day every single day.
Speaker A: Yeah, this was from February the fifth, so that's Monday. Uh. Ooh, is that the same day? Oh, almost the same day the. The. Our podcast with Dan Romero dropped. I guess, uh, we probably hit new records on that podcast. David, that was a fantastic episode. I really. I really enjoyed that with, with Dan. But it's great to see the traction I've been spending, as I mentioned in this far.
Speaker B: Wait, just. Just for context.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Last week, we showed this graphic of Dan talking about daily active users over Farcaster, and it was hitting 10,000, then 11,000, then 15,000. And Dan was tweeting it out. Oh, new, new record for daily active users. On Forecaster, it was 61,000. This week, it's four times higher.
Speaker A: Does that still sound small, though, in the scheme of web? 261 thousand users?
Speaker B: That's like, I don't care about web two, I care about crypto. In crypto terms, it's massive.
Speaker A: It's really great. It's really great. And this is, by the way, not a token incented app, although, is it?
Speaker B: There are bots. There are fake accounts on there. Like, you can just tell like that that's a fake account because I think people are now trying to increase their footprint. But it's still a big hurdle to get over. To spin up a farcaster account, like, you have to make.
Speaker A: There's way more, there's way more fake bot activity. All that stuff on Twitter, for sure. Oh, I've been enjoying the Farcaster community. Yeah. The conversations there are just fantastic. A lot of bankless listeners as well.
Speaker B: I've been tweeting out my morning latte arts on Farcaster in the morning.
Speaker A: You've been casting out David. You haven't.
Speaker B: I've been tweeting that. Well, Dan said it's okay to say tweeting. That's what he said. You still Google on bing.
Speaker A: Wait, wait, wait. So you've been doing what? I'm gonna look up. Sorry, I haven't been following.
Speaker B: I've been trying. Latte art. Latte art? Yeah, this latest day was the worst day I finally figured out.
Speaker A: Or is it a poo emoji?
Speaker B: People said it looks like a fetus, which I think is correct.
Speaker A: Was that what you're going for? Explain the art?
Speaker B: Oh, wait, no, that was yesterday. Yeah, latte art. Day four was especially bad.
Speaker A: Oh, circle blobby thing.
Speaker B: Circle blobby thing had a shape to it.
Speaker A: All right, wait. You are missing opportunities here because, like, you should be in this collection and you should be shilling it to your followers. And then look at that.
Speaker B: Look at day two. Day two is the best.
Speaker A: One effed up Christmas tree. That's actually good. I might buy that one tokenization. It's got your foot in the bottom, too.
Speaker B: Somebody commented, like, I can't believe you're showing off latte art on Farcaster after you talk shit about all these beverages that people are drinking.
Speaker A: This is the kind of content I think people don't get on Twitter, though, from you. That's right.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Wow. It's exclusive for that by the way they're doing, Farcaster is bringing a lot of activity to base, it looks like.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So this is in the poster. This is a cast, David, not a tweet. Wow. Crazy chart displaying base dominance in the last few weeks for total transactions by chain. Farcaster users are now conducting two out of every three transactions using base. So what's good for Farcaster is also good for layer twos David transaction activity.
Speaker B: Interesting. I kind of would think that it would be a competition between base and Zora on Farcaster to be the big destination to do your NFT minting like kind of consumer crypto stuff.
Speaker A: It seems to be gravitating. Those two communities are really adopting Farcaster a lot. David, what do we have coming up in the episode?
Speaker B: Coming up next, we're going to talk about the Solana outage, the five hour outage. What happened? Why did it happen? All that kind of stuff. What does it mean? How did the markets react? Then we're going to talk about Eigen layer and it reopening the gates for liquid stake tokens, how much eth flooded in. And the blobs are coming to the last testnet, which, spoiler testnet did just fine. Which means that we have the date for Dankun. We'll talk about that and more. But first I want to talk about some of these fantastic sponsors that make this show possible, especially Kraken, a preferred crypto exchange in 2024. If you do not have an account with Kraken, how the hell are you getting dollars into crypto use Kraken? There's a link in the show notes.
Speaker A: Solana went down this week. David, I don't know if you noticed. I know you're on the Solana chain a lot.
Speaker B: All the time.
Speaker A: It was down for 5 hours, and that is the first time it's been down in almost a year. Almost made it to a year without incident, but it fell over. Tell me a little bit about that.
Speaker B: So we don't have the complete post mortem yet, but there was a tweet from Matthew Siegel, who kind of gave, gave his autopsy. I'm sure the formal audit, this formal situation report will say something similar to this. He says the BPF loader, the Berkeley packet filter, which is the mechanism to deploy, upgrade and execute programs on Solana, which we would call smart contracts on Ethereum, failed. This seemed to relate to a previous smid Solana improvement proposal that altered some of the features, including adding a blocker to stop metadata from being used in the BPF because it was no longer needed some technical stuff. Basically, I would say the culprit of this is that Solana changes a lot. And as it's changing a lot, that can always introduce new bugs to any software. That's just the nature of software. And this and recent upgrade to one of the things that make Solana run implemented a bug, and that caused downtime. This is what happens when you have a single client system and you have a lot of updates going into that single client system.
Speaker A: What do you mean by single client system?
Speaker B: Single client system. There is one version of the software that runs, and if that version of the software has a bug, then the whole system has a bug. This is in contrast to a multi client software, multi client system like Ethereum, which has five different clients, where if one of those clients has a bug, the other clients don't care, and then they keep on going. Unless, of course, that client is a majority bug, like a majority client, like geth, and it has 80 something percent dominance, down to, like 75, I think right now. Anyway, over. Over 66% is a problem. And if Geth had a bug, then that would be the bug of Ethereum because of the dominance. But if a minority client had a bug, then the other clients are just totally fine. Solana has one client. It's the Solana core client. They're working on their second fire dancer, which is the. Like, it's basically the proof of stake equivalent and significance of Solana. Like, they're going to become super fast, super cheap. It's going to be the second client of Solana. But then there's also nuance there, because they want the fire dancer client to actually just replace the current client.
Speaker A: And then this other one will be a lot slower. Right? Compared to fire dancers.
Speaker B: Yeah. By comparison, yeah. Anyways, Solana went down for 5 hours, they made a patch to the client, and then that client was released just an hour later after it went down. But then it took a number of hours for all the validators to. There's like, this kind of, like, process to restarting Solana. Like, all the client needs, all the client validators need to, like, sync up with each other. I don't know. So it was down for 5 hours.
Speaker A: Yeah. So the last time it was down prior to this was February 25, 2023.
Speaker B: And then almost a year. Almost, yeah.
Speaker A: And then before that, 2022 was pretty spotty with, I don't know, there was like six or seven or six or seven outages. You can, you know, kind of see them. And when we say down, it means, like, no transaction activity, like, completely down. It just, like, fell over and, uh, completely. And so what is the process for restarting Solana? David? Like, what, what does that look like when it, when, uh, Solana goes down?
Speaker B: There's a link in the show notes to check out Matthew Siegel's tweets. He can kind of explain the details of it in at a technical capacity. I want to skip to the very last tweet. In the tweet thread, and he talks about the second order effects of what happens when a chain goes down. He goes. Once restarted, there will be a flurry of defi activity as arbit bots, arbitrage bots seek to take advantage of all the arbitrages that have materialized, because when Solana goes down, the world goes on, markets continue, and Solana is, as a state machine, is not updating to the state of the world. And so he said that some estimates there might be as high as $25 million in mev. Really hard to measure this in, like, real time. But as soon as the Solana blockchain gets started again, like liquid, there are stale prices that need to get updated. There's people that needs to be liquidated. Like, there's a bunch of stuff that happens. And this is one of the concerns of having a system that has poor aliveness, is that when it restarts again, whenever it goes down and it restarts again, there's just this massive fight for all that arbitrage. And this generally not a desirable property of a system.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's also generally not a desirable property, of course, for a blockchain to go down in the first place, particularly when it's a layer one blockchain. Ethereum had an event not quite like this because of its multi client architecture. But was it with the prism client? Oh, my God.
Speaker B: That was like, it was with the prism client. Yeah. You're talking about the non finality event.
Speaker A: Yes. How would that have compared to something like this, from your recollection?
Speaker B: Right. Okay, so the non finality event was that blocks were being propagated around Ethereum. The blockchain was operating as normally from a user perspective. All transactions were going through, but they just weren't fine. They weren't being finalized because less than 66% of the chain was finalizing. And finalizing is just like economic security. So it's like the first line of defense in the Ethereum system before an actual outage. So one client of Ethereum went down, and that brought down more than a third of the network. And so because of Ethereum's multi client design, because Ethereum is larger than any one client, the rest of the clients are fine. It's just not finalizing, as in, there is risk of reorgs if further catastrophe happened. So it's kind of like you get to take two bullets rather than one. So in that time of Ethereum, where there was, like, a non finality event that I think lasted, like, half a day, maybe less. Ethereum took, like, a bullet, but it had body armor. But then for a moment, that body armor was gone. And so if it took another bullet, then we would have, like, a real big issue.
Speaker A: Yeah. Like a castle with multiple walls. And the first wall was kind of breached.
Speaker B: Right. Exactly right.
Speaker A: Yeah. So it was really interesting. So, first of all, something that didn't happen was the price of sold didn't tank. So the market kind of, like, shrugged this off.
Speaker B: Yeah, it went down, like, two or 3%, which I would consider not reacting.
Speaker A: And I didn't see much of this conversation on crypto Twitter, because I just wasn't going out and looking for it. I'm sure there was some grave dancing by some. I'm sure there was others who from, like, maybe the Solana tribe, I think.
Speaker B: Everyone kept it pretty tame, I would say. I think overall, it was a tame thing.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: There was definitely some grave dancers, but, like, you know, how can it not be?
Speaker A: Yeah, well, this is not great.
Speaker B: Wasn't me.
Speaker A: You should preface this. This is just a simple prediction. I recall, David, that one of your January 4, 2024 predictions of this year, number five, was Solana goes down. So I just wanted to say congrats on that.
Speaker B: Thank you.
Speaker A: I mean, your prediction, you called it, and, yeah, I. Solanas, look. Move fast and break things, and so they're moving fast and things are breaking, and, yeah, this is David Mehow saying. Honestly, I thought this prediction was unrealistic. Enjoy your w, David. So there you go.
Speaker B: Thanks, David. Solana. There's always next year. Moving on. Eigen layer caps open up hits $5 billion in total locked value. It was opened this Monday until February 9, which is today at the time of listening. If you're listening to this on Friday, all pools are fully uncapped. So it's like a time opened gate. There's no caps except for the time. And so.
Speaker A: Wait, there's no caps for how long?
Speaker B: Until Friday at 12:00 p.m. pacific time. So no caps until Friday the 9th. Tomorrow? Yes, tomorrow for today. Today for listeners. Today for listeners. Yeah, not much time. So infinite amounts of ETH can go in until the limit of ETh. But then once that time is, then the doors shut. And so, as I like how you.
Speaker A: Said that infinite amount of ETh. Until there's no more ETh.
Speaker B: Until there's no more eth. Yeah, you're capped by the supply. And capped by the supply. Yeah, there is. We just crossed $5 billion in TVL in eigen layer. 5.3 billion. It was 5 billion when I looked at this. Now it's at 5.3. Eigen layer is just hoovering up the ETH, bro. Absolutely nuts.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's munching it. It is eating all the ETH that it can. Look at these big. You know, so, so how. I wonder how high it could get. Because this must be still climbing, right?
Speaker B: Until climbing right now until 12:00 p.m.
Speaker A: Pst on February 9. And then what happens after that? Another pause.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm guessing that this is probably the. Maybe there's more. This could be one of the last opens openings of the gate until Eigen layer mainnet. I'm just speculating here, but there's just, like, a lot of eth in there. How much more eth do they want? Granted, everyone wants Eigen lair points, which is why this is happening. I will say everyone else should just totally unstake their ETH and get out, because I've got it, and I'll take it from here. I'll just take the point. I will restake. It'll be fine.
Speaker A: You know why yourself. They're just points, David. It's not like there's any value attached to it. It's not like a token.
Speaker B: It's just a point I volunteer to collect. The points.
Speaker A: Going to be interesting to find out is once the limiters are off, the governors are completely off. What will the market. What's the ceiling for the market in terms of total deposits in Eigen layer? We haven't quite seen that yet, so we'll have to see. And, of course, all of this is a lot of speculation on this whole AV's market. These Eigen applications that really are starting to get built. But nothing has come out that will do something functionally fantastic. I mean, we're all betting on the future utility of the Eigen layer ecosystem. What's your take on that? You think that's a good bet? Do you think there's real stuff being developed right now?
Speaker B: Yeah, it's a speculative bet. The people intending to build good stuff are numerous. The teams building AVss are numerous. The excitement, the nerd sniping that is being done by Eigen layer in both Tradfi and in, like, Silicon Valley, web two software as a service tech circles icon layer is opening up doors to these people that were not previously nerd sniped by Bitcoin, Ethereum, Solana, all these different, like, waves of adoption that, like, you know, Salona, to its credit, nerd sniped people that did not get nerdstiped by Ethereum, ethereum. Nerd sniped people that did not get nerd sniped by bitcoin. Eigen Lair is doing the same thing. It's nerd sniping people on Wall street. It's nerd sniping people in San Francisco. It's building, and because it's building out unique use cases that can, like, very elegantly and simply hook into, you know, web two and tradfi without having to be all like, Cheney and crypto Y. And so I think it's a new way to export crypto economics to the outside world. So that is, that's all of that is real. Right now, everyone is speculating on Eigen layer points, on the Eigen layer airdrop. So my concern, actually, Ryan, is like, when Eigen layer mainnet ships sometime q two is when Sriram said, when I did my q and a with him, why will all of the ethers stay put? Because a lot of these AVss still need to be built out, right? Like, the incentives are the points. I'm assuming some will stay because they want to stay committed to ego.
Speaker A: So you think there's a potential once we launch some of this capital, then floods back out of Eigen layer?
Speaker B: I think that's a rational thing to assume that some people are just here.
Speaker A: For the point, the speculative mania.
Speaker B: Can you imagine just being here for the points?
Speaker A: I can't even imagine who's kind of a sick person, you know, takes their points and leaves. Okay, so this is the restaking wars as well, the LRT wars. And. Yeah, give us an update. This is kind of like the bitcoin ETF's we're talking about. There's a number of horses in the races, and some are winning versus others, but it kind of changes on a week to week basis. What are we looking at here?
Speaker B: This is a cool little graphic showing all of the liquid restaking protocols, the people that are aggregating AV's yields, putting them into a token, just like lsts. And we are just watching them collect their ETH to collect the TVL over time. And you see like ether, Phi, far in the lead at the very, very top, followed by kelp, dow, Renzo, then Eigenpie, and then puffer out of nowhere on the second. Just like rocketing up in TVL to jump into second place. So ether five breaking 700 million this week. Puffer breaking 300 million this week. Kelp Dell coming in third, followed by rendezvous. This graphic, the gif is five days old. So now what Ryan's showing on the screen is now super up to date. 850 million for ether five coming in at number one. Oh, my God. Puffer at $770 million. Wow. Amazing. Apparently Justin sun just put a bunch of ether into puffer. Puffer has taken only staked eth from lido, so all of the TvL and puffer is Lido staked eth, and it is their tension. As soon as their validators mainnet launches, they will swap out the liquid state teeth from lido into Puff eth, which is the point. And so all of the ether inside of Lido gets taken out of Lido and put into puffer as a vampire attack, which is taking one 30th of all Lido ether away from Lido. So, like, really carving into lido dominance, huh?
Speaker A: Well, that's a good thing, right? I mean, it's a good thing for the network. Lrt's are jet. Like, all of these are new names, like new products. So this isn't some of the dominant liquid staking tokens that are kind of, like, taking the lead here.
Speaker B: So that's new names, new Lindy clocks. The risks, risks reset. Everything is new again.
Speaker A: Oh, here's van Spencer saying what we just said, except in a more pithy form. He says Eigen layer TvL is up to 5 billion from 2.15 billion just two days ago. All the l two s and restaking and staking apps are just black holes for ether.
Speaker B: It was an ethos. Money, tweet, surprise.
Speaker A: He's taking our place, David.
Speaker B: And thanks to all of this activity, we have a new high in the share of all ether that is staked, and that is 25%. 25% of all ether is staked. I think in a previous era, the EF people kind of thought that between 20 and 30% of all eth would become staked, and that would be equilibrium. But that was really before the complete total acceptance of lsts as an equilibrium, and that was before Eigen layer. I think we're going to blow past that 30% number pretty damn quickly here, and we're going to start approach, like, one third, one, two. But right now, 25%.
Speaker A: David, there was another announcement this week that I noticed that binance was delisting Monero from its exchange. So tell us about that.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think for the newcomers, the people who came in 2021 and beyond, this won't be perceived a very big deal. But I'll say this marks the end of an era. Binance delisting Monero, delisting the last privacy chain. Privacy chains used to be a huge sector. In 2017, when you and I got into crypto, there was arrow, there was dash ccash, there was a bunch of others. Remember mimblewimble?
Speaker A: Yeah. The pitch was basically, bitcoin's perfect. The only thing it's missing is privacy privacy. And so we need privacy specific chains that deliver privacy at the base protocol layer and that these would all kind of, like, take off and finally deliver that missing functionality never came to fruition, did it?
Speaker B: No. And I would say Monero won the privacy chain wars. All the chains that were meant for privacy, Monero won best privacy, best community, managed to be the best store of value, even though it was a poorest or value for the privacy chains. But now the king of privacy chains is being delisted from binance. And I'm sorry, it doesn't matter what properties you have, if you don't have liquidity, you can't compete. And if you're delisted from, you're not being listed by Coinbase, you're not being listed by kraken. That's not happening. So I'm kind of declaring Monero to be formally, like, dead as a money store of value, which is the end of an era. That is the end of a big.
Speaker A: I think it still can be used in very small, niche case, like, niche use cases, but it's just going to be absolutely tiny because.
Speaker B: Yeah. Not for, like, regular use cases, like the bad ones.
Speaker A: Well, yeah, my take on this was, this is why privacy chains don't work is because they're not programmable. They don't have the other verbs, like, you can just send Monero, but you can't exchange Monero from one asset to another without what, going to binance, going to a central, going to a bank. And what are the banks going to do? Well, they're going to be requested by, commanded by, pushed into by the state, not listing any of these privacy coins, because nation states do not necessarily want to encourage on chain privacy. Right.
Speaker B: Certainly.
Speaker A: That's exactly. That's exactly what is happening here. I think you had a take on this as well.
Speaker B: Yeah, I just think this isn't a coincidence that this is happening right after the. Not right after, but just like nothing, not that long after the binance Department of Justice settlement, the Department of Justice doesn't want privacy. So just a big old reminder, we're probably going to win the right to have Defi. We're probably going to win the right to have our private keys. We're probably going to win everything that we want except for privacy. Privacy is still on the table, something that we still need to fight for if we want the maximally a successful version of crypto. And that's going to be a hard fight.
Speaker A: I do think ethereum is on the frontier of that fight as well. I mean, if it's not there, I don't know where else it is. So we'll see how that evolves. David, what do we have coming up next?
Speaker B: Registered token securities exchange wants to list ETH as a security Christ, we're talking about this again. And blobs are live on the last testnet ready for Mainnet. When is Dankun? I'll tease it for the third time this show. We're about to find out. We're going to tell you right after this. But first I'm going to talk about some of these fantastic sponsors that make this show possible. Especially mantle, the layer two with extra high yields that are now giving you eigen points if you use the layer two. Check it out. There's a link in the show notes. March 13 is the next Ethereum hard fork, the Den kun hard fork that introduces blobs to the Ethereum protocol blobs, the second fee market alongside block space. We now also have blobspace. And blobspace is reserved for layer twos. Totally reserved. There's probably going to be some inscriptions bullshit in there too.
Speaker A: Layer twos are going to be the big consumers of this. They use the most blobs place of any.
Speaker B: There's going to be some other upgrades as well. But mainly it's the blobs that we were excited about. The last testnet just merged that's just updated to include blobs, to include 4844 on Holski. It was totally successful. So the main net date has been decided as March 13. Do you see a little graphic that they put in when the EIP 4404 was accepted? The little blob. Asics. Asici. Asici. It's a blob. I don't even know what it looks like.
Speaker A: It looks like your lattes, man. I can't even tell what this looks like. Yeah, so we got a blob in ASCII format here. So that's great. Thanks to the devs for getting that through. So ETh layer two transactions, price will go down. Optimism. Arbitrum pretty much right away, like pretty close to the real estate.
Speaker B: And then they'll go up to celebrate this and also just public goods in general. And also the protocol guild, there is a Nouns DaO collaboration with the protocol Guild collaboration, they're mostly just sponsoring this animation with all of these cute characters. About all the layer twos. Is it anime? I think that counts as anime. I'm not an anime expert.
Speaker A: It's a cartoon.
Speaker B: It's a cartoon.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker B: Cartoon featuring polygon scrolls, Arknet, ZK sync, as well as, of course, arbitrum. Optimism. Everyone has little characters. There's going to be this cute little animation, and then the animation short is going to be released as an NFT at the Dengkun upgrade. And then all the pros feeds for purchasing the NFT will go to the protocol guild.
Speaker A: If you collect little artifacts, right. Every time Ethereum hard forks, people do this, right? There's like po apps that happen. Every hard fork, there's things like this. And this would be a good thing to add to your collection.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's a collection about Ethereum history. And you'll be able to show your kids, and your kids are going to think that you're super cool.
Speaker A: Yeah, they sure will. Okay, speaking of super cool things, the taproot wizards, the quantum cat sold out. Nothing more exciting than nfts and bitcoin. David, what happened in the bitcoin NFT world this week?
Speaker B: I'm sensing a little bit of sass in your voice, but, man, there's no sass. 3333 op cat nfts were sold at 0.1.
Speaker A: I thought they were quantum cats.
Speaker B: Quantum cats. The meme is coming out of the op cat op code. An opcode. So all op goes on bitcoin. Start with opcode.
Speaker A: Op not. See, I'm such an ethereum. I know. Op is optimism. I don't know. Op is opcode for bitcoin.
Speaker B: You got to get your bitcoin around, man. Yeah. So, yeah, it's a bitcoin. It's like this op cat thing. It's an ordinal. This is Udi Wertheimer and Eric Wall. Yeah, quantum cats sold out immediately. Very hyped. NFT drop on bitcoin. Denominated in bitcoin. Obviously, I'm not used to denominating in bitcoin. Like I said, sold at 0.1 bitcoins. Current floor, 0.27 bitcoins. Another sign, Ryan, that the bull market is on is when mints are, like, tripling in price right after drop.
Speaker A: Can I ask you a question? I don't know the full history here. I mean, if you had Anthony Cisano here, I'm sure you can tell. Tell us. That guy keeps receipts of everybody in the space. Udi, was he previously, like, a nfts are dumb, I hate nfts type of bitcoiner? Or am I just misremembering that?
Speaker B: Well, Udi is a amateur edge lord, and so he thinks everything is.
Speaker A: I think he's. I disagree. I think he's a pro edge lord. I think he's actually pretty good at it.
Speaker B: No, because by definition, if you're an edge lord, you cannot be professional at anything.
Speaker A: Okay, so that was a compliment. I get it. So you're saying that it's hard to.
Speaker B: Nfts on Ethereum are dumb, but nfts on bitcoin are based.
Speaker A: Want to know if that's actually what he used to say? Because if so, I'm.
Speaker B: I'm 100% confidence you can find an ooty tweet somewhere talking about how dumb nfts are.
Speaker A: Oh, man. Well, you know what? If I cared more, I would go find that tweet and, you know, just resurface it. Um, David, synthetix is going to have its own chain, because why not? Does every app need a change? Does every defi protocol need a chain? Tell. Tell us about this.
Speaker B: Well, I think this is the cosmos thesis. If you are a sufficiently successful defi protocol, and if synthetics is not that, then who the hell is? Then you get to elevate yourself to the status of app chain. It's like the highest order of app you can be first app, then app chain.
Speaker A: It's like a Pokemon evolution. You just kind of, like. You just grow into your app chainness.
Speaker B: Oh, my God. That's a great meme. Yeah. First app on a layer two, then you get to be big enough to go down to the layer one, and then you get to be big enough to justify your own chain.
Speaker A: Okay, so Synthetix is putting on its big boy pants, and it's launching its chain.
Speaker B: Yeah. And Synthetix has been just, like, along the optimism ride for a long time. Kane and the optimism team has been super close. Synthetix was the second app to leverage optimism after uniswap. So first there was unipigs, and then Synthetix had their own, like, custom optimism deployment. Uh, and so, rather than Synthetix deploying on many, many, many different chains, Synthetix is just going to have an op stack. Snacks chain. God, is that the name of it? Snacks chain SNX collateral, of course. And that will be the home of all synthetics perps activity, and will also be a part of the super chain.
Speaker A: So I remember that last time I heard from Kane on this, I read a blog post. I think you did an episode with Kane not too long ago, and one of the big problems to solve for synthetics was fragmented liquidity across the ecosystem. Does this solve fragmented liquidity? Because I'm seeing this could mean a single place to borrow s USD, synthetix USD against SNX. And allows for the potential to leverage all of this to be used as collateral across many chains. Does essentially solve some of the liquidity problem that has faced synthetics.
Speaker B: I don't think it solves some of them. I think it solves all of them, because it makes a single instance, a singleton instance of synthetics. Aggregates all the liquidity all in one spot. Kane has always just been so far ahead of the curve. Everyone thinks that compound and Robert Leshner invented yield farming, but Kane invented yield farming, like, 18 months earlier than that. And remember when our recent Justin Drake fixing fragmentation episode, where eventually, instead of Uniswap deployment on 17 different optimism chains, you would just have a uni chain, and that uni chain would actually just be like the uni smart contract on the Ethereum layer one, except it would be a chain that would be in. That would be contract called by other layer twos, and that would be the uni chain and Kane of synthetix. And the synthetix team are just getting ahead of the curve here. Even before some of the. Some of the other issues around fragmentation are solved, they're saying, well, this is where the puck is going. We're going to build our snacks chain now. Snax chain.
Speaker A: I still remember the days when synthetix pivoted to Eos. Do you remember that slight detour for a while? That was in the very early days. What, you don't remember this?
Speaker B: They did, yeah.
Speaker A: True story. Holy. I'll send you some links afterwards.
Speaker B: You got receipts?
Speaker A: 100%. Yeah, they were. They were all in on eos for.
Speaker B: Some period of months before the haven. They. It pivoted from heaven Haven to Synthetix. You're saying after it was synthetic?
Speaker A: I don't know if it was, actually. It may have been in between that.
Speaker B: Pivot, but haven't I will give them a pass.
Speaker A: Then give them a pass.
Speaker B: You can have his ETH maxi card back.
Speaker A: All right. Fractal launch, Frax finance. They are up to some cool things. This is actually really interesting ecosystem. Now they have launched, I believe, their own chain as well, the Frax chain. Also part of the optimism super chain Fraxtill. Okay, yeah, what's going on here?
Speaker B: Kind of the same thing. Frax started off as just another decentralized stablecoin, not to say just another, just a very successful decentralized, stable coin. And they were actually front running Makerdao on what? Like, everyone's super stoked on Makerdao's endgame, and Frax has been just like doing that endgame for like a year now, building out like they forked aave. I'm pretty sure they forked aave. If they didn't, then they just built off ave look alike to have their own lending market for the frack, stablecoin to build out liquidity, their own amm, also on fracks. And so they just have this defi superstructure that was on the layer one, and now they are turning it into a chain. So this is like all the cosmos. People are watching this happen and be like, hahaha, we told you. And then all the Ethereum people are like, ha ha ha. But it's on Ethereum. And this is what Frax is doing. And so they have this very sophisticated vertically integrated defi financial suite of products all put together into a single chain. I thought this picture was actually pretty illustrative of what they were doing. I think if you want to scroll down, and so this is the fracs centric view of the world. You have the big fracs chain, which is an op stack chain. And so the op stack chain is the little dot that connects it to Ethereum and all of Ethereum's roll ups. But since Frax chain can have its own interoperability solutions, it also gives its optionality to connect to, like Solana or Bitcoin or like Polkadot or all the other ones. And so if you are a what they call a fraximalist, a Frax maximalist, this is your view of the world. This is how the network topology looks like to you. Yeah, Frax at the center. Yeah. Really, really cool. Again, like you said, part of the optimism super chain. And I want to bring this to a John Ciarbano meme, which I thought was hilarious, which is an app launches an app chain, and that app chain gets users activity, wants more value, capture and integration. Therefore, an app chain becomes a general purpose chain for other apps to deploy on. That's where Frax is going next. And then that app that deploys on Frax chain grows in success and then wants to be on a general purpose app to optimize for more customizability, sovereignty and value capture. And then we start at the very beginning, which is okay, that new app just launched as an app chain. So this is going to be the iterative cycle of apps launching on the app chains, becoming app chains, becoming more general. And this is just how the industry is going to move forward here.
Speaker A: Fractals. Fractals and chains all the way down. Apps and chains and more chains. And more apps and more chains. David, are you a goDaddy? Do you ever use GoDaddy for your domains? Do you have any domains?
Speaker B: I don't have any domains. And I've always thought GoDaddy is a.
Speaker A: Weird name, but it's kind of cringe. It's kind of like, what's the deal? Yeah, like why'd you name it that?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Anyway, they're big domain name service for the Internet. So like we have some of our domains there. I don't know if you know this, but Bank.com is actually registered on GoDaddy.
Speaker B: I'm glad you take care of this.
Speaker A: They have a partnership with Ens now. So they've launched a partnership where you can actually connect your GoDaddy domain name so your dope.com to your eth with ens and you can configure this in the backend. I haven't fully figured out how this works because I've been wanting to get bankless Eth to actually work in the browser and render bankless.com dot like connect those two things together. Haven't been able to figure that out yet. Some configuration required with cloud flare. But the fact that we were getting there, we are linking our enS's with our DNS. I think that is a big step forward for the industry.
Speaker B: What does that unlock?
Speaker A: Well, we can basically use, you know, potentially you could send me money to RSA.com if I own that. Or actually I have Ryan sadams.com, so you could send me money that way and reps my ether potentially. You're going to do that right now? Won't get to me. I mean, you could do stuff like that.
Speaker B: We are parked free. You are parked.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's parked. I don't use it yet. You thought. What did you expect? You think it was like some kind of website?
Speaker B: Just like a bio? It's like, yeah. Like, hi, I'm Ryan.
Speaker A: Hey, I'm Ryan. Just some other side business.
Speaker B: Welcome to my website.
Speaker A: Man, you wish it was that. So that is the news receive. Here's what you could do with it. Look at this receive crypto with your GoDaddy domain name.
Speaker B: I think it's got to start from there. That's got to be like the base. Like, yeah, that's the simple one. You can type.com instead of ETH, but it's got to grow from there. Like we're like kind of in the same vein of cross train contract calls, like.com, referencing stuff on ethereum using ens names.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. It's going to grow from there. It's going to be a bigger deal than it sounds like right now.
Speaker B: David, did you see this amendment to the spot eth ETF from Arc 21? Ryan, do you see what's going on here?
Speaker A: No, what's going on?
Speaker B: Okay, so Eric Baltrunitz goes. Here we go again. Ark 21 shares, same entity just filed an amendment, s one for their spot eth ETF. And this is something that we saw, you know, an increasing frequency approaching the spot bitcoin ETF approval. This one was a little bit different, though. So if you go to the next tweet, this was a highlighted part of the amendment which talks about EtH staking inside of the Eth ETF. I'm going to read a quote here.
Speaker A: This is some fine print right here.
Speaker B: Super fine print. Yeah. The sponsor may from time to time stake a portion of the trust assets through one or more trusted third party staking providers. The trust would receive certain staking rewards of ether tokens, which may be treated as income to the trust. Staking activity comes with risk of loss of ether tokens, including in the form of slashing penalties. Additionally, bonding and unbonding processes of Ethereum may render the tokens inaccessible for a period of time, resulting in certain liquidity risks that the sponsor will manage. That's all that matters. We're getting a staked eth etF. Not now, not this year. Probably not. It's not going to come. It's going to be vanilla out of the game.
Speaker A: They're for it. They're filing for it.
Speaker B: We're shooting our shot for the staked Eth ETF. First we're going to get the vanilla one. But people are lining up for the staked one, including Ark 21 shares, which is.
Speaker A: Think we'll get the staked one?
Speaker B: We will get the staked one in the fullness of time, it's more of a question of, like, are we going.
Speaker A: To before Gary or after Gary?
Speaker B: Are we going to get it in 2025 or not?
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. It's what, will Gary allow it or not? It's kind of a question. Okay, got it. Well, that's. That's good news. To see that continue to evolve. David, there is a wormhole air drop incoming. That's a massive bridge protocol. One of the most used bridges. The ticker will be w. Got some massive pretty chad.
Speaker B: That's a pretty Chad ticker.
Speaker A: No, that's a great ticker. Just. Just one initial w. Back to ethereum eTf type stuff. Did you see this? This is in the news. The SEC may be forced to declare. This is fortune crypto. SEC may be forced to declare Ethereum security after a controversial new launch. I saw tons of headlines like this this week. So do you remember that company, Prometheum, which is like.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: With, like, the lizard man CEO, a licensed security exchange. Okay, and I can't remember this guy's name. Kaplan. He was in front of Congress. Last time I saw him, he was in front of Congress, basically simping the Gary Gensler SeC message that, of course, ether is a security. And by the way, Prometheum, the exchange that I founded, is going to be a registered license securities exchange. And so his message was, don't tell me those crypto renegades, you lawbreakers, that you can't come in and just register with SEC because of course you can. I have. And he went on the podcast tour talking about ether as a security. Anyway, the first asset that Prometheum has chosen to list is ether. Is ether. Okay, so they're a securities exchange with the ether as their first tokenized security. So what do you think that means.
Speaker B: David, they're going to go out of business?
Speaker A: I don't even know if that was the point. I don't know what this guy's doing, honestly. There's some speculation. Look, I'm not a conspiracy guy, but it's just very congruent with the SEC's message and, like, government plan. I don't know. I don't know.
Speaker B: It's exactly what Gary Gensler wants to hear.
Speaker A: It's just weird.
Speaker B: Anyway, can you pull up a picture of this Mandev? Can you. Kaplan?
Speaker A: We shouldn't. Like, just his look.
Speaker B: Can you do it? Can you do it? Can you do it? Can you do it? Please do it. Brad, have you seen american psycho?
Speaker A: Are you saying Patrick Bateman vibes here?
Speaker B: Yeah, big time. Big time. That is a lizard man. That is a lizard.
Speaker A: Human. Well, let's leave it at that then. Okay. Here's the good news, though. The good news is apparently it doesn't work like this.
Speaker B: So I'm just shocked.
Speaker A: Mike Sellig, crypto lawyer, says the SEC has effectively conceded ETH is in the security multiple times. I guess they would debate that, but I think they have to. But left ambiguity. Prometheum need only reasonably believe ETH is a crypto asset. Security to custody it. SEC permitting Prometheum to custody ETH as a security because of this ambiguity won't make EtH a security. All right, so just because Prometheum and Kaplan custody as a security doesn't automatically make EtH a security. That's not how this whole thing works. So I think the fortune headline is wrong there, David, and we can move on.
Speaker B: Yeah, we should move on. This is my response to Mister Aaron Kaplan. This is, I think, how the industry will respond to him. This is a dog petting a cat. Dogs way bigger. Cat like. Yeah, that's, that's cute. You're cute. You're cute, bro. There's a raise this week that bankless Ventures was an investor in. This is Omega bitcoin Defi infrastructure raised $6 million with participation from bankless ventures. That's us borderless capital fraction, lightspeed, blockchain, and a few other angels as well. Yano from blockworks, G money, OSF, and then a bunch of other participation as well. What is it? What is it? It is bitcoin smart contracts like a multisig on bitcoin. Basically very simple. You can either move bitcoin out of these accounts or you cannot connected to a chain link or other oracle type service that connects to trading strategies on Ethereum or any other smart contract platform. So it's kind of like yearn like accounts on Ethereum connected to an oracle that goes to bitcoin. And then the last piece of the puzzle is that institutional capital will give bitcoin holders on the bitcoin blockchain a loan with their bitcoin as collateral. So they don't have to move it off of bitcoin, they don't have to move it at all. And then you can get some yield in crypto, you can get some trading activity, some trading capital in the Ethereum degen side of things without having to touch your bitcoin. On the bitcoin side of things. There's also custodial solutions as well for people who like their bitcoin in custody overall, adding productivity to BTC the asset. So congrats Omega on the raise. And there's a link in the show notes if you want to learn more.
Speaker A: Let's get to the meme of the week. David, what are we looking at?
Speaker B: This is a farcaster meme. This is actually a Twitter account that I've been following lately, boldleonidis. He just makes comments. And so it's a little frog guy who's looking at his phone, talking to Dan Romero's profile picture. And he goes, he's looking at Farcaster as implied. So it's Twitter, but with crypto. And Dan Romero goes, yeah, I guess. And so the little frog guy goes, so it's literally crypto Twitter. Do these ever land? Do these ever land?
Speaker A: I, you know, I do.
Speaker B: I. You said you don't want to know, do you? All right. And we also got a second meme of the week. It's also a Farcaster meme, this time on Farcaster. And this is what everyone's getting excited about, the top of the iceberg. This is the meme Farcaster. It's the first non speculative crypto app that's the tip of the iceberg that you see. But then once you get on Farcaster, you see the Degen token, the OG NFT, which is worth like $5,000. Oxen far market pearl bets, bounty, caster points, daylight notifications, warps will be billions. Mint frames, token sign five. So, yeah, there's actually a bunch of degenerate activity. Apparently, people have collected like tens of thousands of dollars just by being on Farcaster.
Speaker A: Yeah, as always. Guys, we have disclosures always posted on bankless.com disclosure. So you can check those out. And I'll end with this. Some risks, crypto is risky. You could lose what you put in. But we are headed west. This is the frontier. It's not for everyone. But we're glad you're with us on the bankless journey. Thanks a lot.
