Speaker A: What really causes the four year boom bust cycles in crypto? Is it the bitcoin happening like everyone says it is, or is it something else?
Speaker B: Bankless station is the first week of February, and it is time for the weekly roll up. David, you know, we've never done a roll up on a leap month. February has 29 days this month. You know, that's a fact.
Speaker A: It's our first bankless leap month. And is that something to celebrate?
Speaker B: I don't know. I don't know what it means. Maybe.
Speaker A: I don't think it is.
Speaker B: No. Did you celebrate the 29 February?
Speaker A: It was below my line, unless it's their birthday.
Speaker B: All right, well, let's talk about what is above your line this week. Farcaster frames they are the hot new thing on the app called Farcaster. All right, but the question is, is this the killer app that crypto social media actually needs to take off? We haven't had our iPhone moment yet, but could this be it?
Speaker A: And surprise, people with money in FTX are being paid back pretty damn soon here. But how much is the question? And also, where is that money coming from? Speaking of money, Jupiter on Solana has launched its Jup token at an earth shattering $7 billion valuation. I think one of the largest airdrops, maybe top three airdrops of all time. How did the Solana network hold up? Was it able to keep itself upright? We'll talk about that.
Speaker B: And speaking of valuations, we got to talk about the Fed. It's getting a little hawkish. All right. That might impact our crypto, all of that and more.
Speaker A: But first, we're going to talk about DYDX.
Speaker B: All right, let's get to the markets this week. David, what is bitcoin showing us on the week?
Speaker A: We got some pretty round number price movements this week. 40,000 is where we started the week. 43,000 is where we are ending the week up about 7.5%. Pretty good. 7.5%. We like that. I mean, it was pretty red week last week, so now we're kind of starting to fill in that gap eth price. Also, some round number movements starting the week at 2200, ending the week at 2300, up 5% on the week.
Speaker B: How about the ratio, David?
Speaker A: Ratio down slightly on the week. We are below 0.054, but not news.
Speaker B: Thanks to Kraken for these charts. Like to see them going up. And that's what happened this week.
Speaker A: Make them go up, David, how about.
Speaker B: Total crypto market cap? What are we looking at?
Speaker A: 1.71 trillion. Call it flat. Flat on the week, flat. It's been flatty.
Speaker B: And layer two beat.
Speaker A: Layer two beat also flat. Slightly up in TVL. We're at 21 billion locked in TVL on layer twos with a 5.5 x scaling factor arbitrum coming in at $10.5 billion in TVL, followed by optimism at five, followed by Manta Network, a brand new ZK layer two, which I think is the subject of a big old airdrop farm at $1.6 billion.
Speaker B: Manta base number four, Metis, number five. Six is ZK sync era, and number seven, mantle. And then DYDX. Interesting.
Speaker A: Immutable DYDX.
Speaker B: And ZK fair. So this is.
Speaker A: Never heard of ZK fair.
Speaker B: This is the horse race to watch, though. And yeah, it's one of the most interesting that's going on right now. David, let's flip, though, to the fed. What is going on in the broader macro markets this week? I think Jerome Powell had something to say. What did he say?
Speaker A: Yeah, I heard, I heard it was a hawkish FOMC meeting this week. The TLDR that I've gotten the vibe of is the last FOMC meeting, everyone was like, we just got the pivot. And then this FOMC meeting, everyone's like, oh, maybe we didn't have. Maybe we didn't get the pivot. That's kind of my TLDR. Do you have any more Colorado?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, so Jerome Powell said inflation is still too high. And recall, the rates right now are 5.25% to 5.5% in kind of that range. And he said inflation is too high. There's ongoing progress to bring it down. It's not assured. He wants to get inflation back down towards 2%, which is the central bank target. And he said rate cuts would not be appropriate. Yeah, and I think you're right, David. Some investors were surprised by this because there was talk of this, maybe the pivot, that is the decreasing of rates happening as early as March of this year. And it looks like that's not going to happen. Powell is not giving us a full pivot yet, though. That could happen later in the year, David. I think that's still on the table. And the FOMC indicated as much expecting rate cuts later in the year. We just have to wait on those.
Speaker A: I guess my understanding is that the pivot is inevitable because high interest rates means that the United States government has to pay a ton of money on its debts, which are massive. And so just as a matter of incentive, we have to have the pivot but that's like, if I keep on saying that, it'll be the bajillionth time that I said that in the last, like 18 months. So I'm kind of like starting to feel like I'm beating a dead horse or I'm broken record or something. That's still true, right?
Speaker B: Yeah, it's still true. All you got to do is wait. So just wait.
Speaker A: How long?
Speaker B: A few months. I don't know. It's going to happen this year. I still look, something crazy could happen. You never know. But it looks like we're still on track, just a little bit delayed. David, we talk about crypto and the boom bust cycle happening every four years. And of course, this is sort of our base prediction, a four year cycle. And so we are getting into the bull territory of this four year cycle. The reason that many in crypto have always pointed to for this four year cycle that I have not fully bought into is the havening, because it turns out that the bitcoin havens its supply about every four years. And of course, the magnitude of that as a percentage of bitcoin supply is decreasing over time. This is the tiniest happening yet in terms of total bitcoin supply. But still, that's one of the reasons given for four year cycles in crypto. Mike Ipolito has a different take on that. Maybe the four year cycle is not caused by the bitcoin happening. Maybe it's something else. What are we looking at here?
Speaker A: We are looking at a graph that basically looks like a sinusoid. It is a wave going up and down, up and down in the background. It's just like a model for a sinusoid. And then there's a chart in front of that sinusoid. That is the global liquidity index, as in how much liquidity is there in the global markets around the world. And that that line is a little bit more choppy, but it generally follows that four year sinusoid in a very rough fashion. But, like, the pattern is pretty clear. And then if you just look at this in the crypto context, right, we had the 2013 fork and fair launch bull market, which was at the peak of the rise, in the peak of the 2013 to 2014 sinusoid. Then we had the 2017 bull market, which also same thing. And then also we had the 2021 peak as well. And so it all just lines up with liquidity. And I think this is the biggest conclusion that people got to after bitcoin went from like 69,000 down to 20,000 as inflation set in where everyone was like, prior to that, everyone was like, bitcoin is an inflation hedge. And then inflation happened, and bitcoin went down because interest rates went up. And turns out we are now remodeling our idea about what bitcoin is. It's an index for liquidity, which is exactly what this theory would, would say.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think that's right. And I think this sort of explains crypto four year cycles even more than bitcoin. I will point out it could be both, though, right? It doesn't just have to be one thing. But I do think that worldwide global liquidity is kind of the big explainer here. And just to give a sense of what this global liquidity index is based off of, it's basically the central banks of the world. So all of the central banks, so that's the fed central banks of China, Japan, EU, all of them, and also commercial banks, they are kind of the levers or control mechanisms for how much liquidity is in the actual market. So at the end of 20, 2023, we had a global liquidity of about $170 trillion, and that is on pace to rise in this cycle. So we're at kind of the trough of global liquidity and now making our way up as more liquidity is injected by the banks into the market. That is what this trend line kind of predicts. And those are the ways that you were just saying, I want to double.
Speaker A: Down on that punchline. We are past the trough of the recent sinusoid, and we are on our way up. That's kind of the, that's where we are in this trend. Uh, and so if it as, was as violent of, of an uptrend as it was last cycle, uh, we have a long way to go in terms of more liquidity coming into the markets, which always impacts risk assets the most, which is crypto. That's us.
Speaker B: I mean, you could see this on other charts, too. This is a comment from Mike's tweet, if you know this. But Satoshi was actually a macroeconomist. Is so interesting how the bitcoin four year happening cycle is also timed with these four year, like, cycles of liquidity in and out of the market. And it goes to show, David, like, one thing that's always true of markets is it's all about inflows and outflows, isn't it? Right? And so fundamentals make their way into prices over time. But in the, in the business cycle time range, like the two to five year time range, it's all about liquidity. And so, I mean, this looks very bullish for crypto assets and then probably risk on assets in general. And the punchline here is it's actually less about interest rate. So people look at the interest rate and they're like, it's 5%. That's high. It's higher than it's been in the last, like, ten years. Right? It's not just about interest rate, guys. It's also about the liquidity that is sloshing around in these markets. And it looks like all of the banks are ready for another cycle of money printing.
Speaker A: Speaking of inflows and outflows, the GBTC outflows have slowed this week, especially in the last two days. So the 29th, 30th, and 31st have been some pretty notable changes in tune in the bitcoin ETF world. So on net, there was negative $17 million outflows on the 29th, between all of the grayscale outflows versus the other ETF inflows. On the 30th, which was Tuesday, there was $378 million inflows into all of the bitcoin ETF's. And then yesterday, at the time of recording the 31st, $240 million inflows. So over the last two days, we've had over like $600 million of inflows into the bitcoin ETF's, which have surpassed all the grayscale outflows. The grayscale outflows on the 29th, 30th and 31st. 289, 192, 170 million. So that number of grayscale flowing out, GBTC flowing out of grayscale to Coinbase being sold, turning all these candles red, is slowing. That is a lower number.
Speaker B: We needed to get rid of all of those outflows in order to resume the ascent upwards, didn't we? And it might be no accident that this week we saw a 7% gain on bitcoin and these outflows have started to halt and stultify. So that's good. That's healthy market activity. That's what we need in order to go back up. David, what do we have coming up next?
Speaker A: Coming up next on the second half of the show, we're going to talk about Jupiter's $7 billion token launch. Did you get that airdrop? Bankless nation? We're also going to talk about Farcaster frames and if crypto found its social killer app, as well as record amounts of on chain user growth in 2023, which chains grew the most? Was it ethereum layer twos or was it newer layer ones? We're going to talk about all that and more but first, I wanted to talk about some of these fantastic sponsors.
Speaker B: Big airdrop. This week, Solana's biggest Dex, Jupiter, just launched its Jup token. What do people need to know?
Speaker A: 10 billion Jup tokens. This airdrop was actually announced. There's going to be four phases. This is phase one. The future criteria of phases two through four are undecided. But this was actually announced all the way back at Solana breakpoint in 23 to November 15, 2023. 10 billion Jup tokens going to 955,000 Solana wallets. Almost a million wallets, definitely not a million users in Solana pre November of 2023. Of that 955,000 eligible airdrops, uh, airdrop addresses, 485,000 addresses have claimed those tokens. 646 million Jup tokens. That's, uh, bait. About two thirds of the airdrop, which I believe is 10%. I need to double check these numbers, but I believe 10% was airdropped of the $7 billion, which means $700 million was, uh, airdropped to Jupiter user.
Speaker B: Where are you getting 7 billion? Is that, is that the market cap of.
Speaker A: Yeah, that was a market cap at the drop. It is now at 6 billion, which, I mean, still plenty respectable. Yeah, still $6 billion. Yeah.
Speaker B: So almost a billion dollars in token value was dropped to 600 million.
Speaker A: At the current price is 600 million.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker A: Wow. Which might be number two behind arbitrage, which dropped like 2 billion to users.
Speaker B: Yeah. Because Jupiter is like the primary Dex on Solana.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: It's kind of winning.
Speaker A: So it's like a super dex. It's not just an amm, it's also a Dex aggregator with like, a bunch of just other bells. Bells and whistles. It's got, it's like a suit. Like, it's got all the, all the Dex bells and whistles hooked into one app.
Speaker B: Okay, so how did Solana, the actual network, I'm sure this was a flood of activity of people claiming their Jup tokens, getting very excited. How did the network handle that load?
Speaker A: Network stayed up and running, but a bunch of failed transactions happened. I think something like 50 or 60% failed transactions. So people were pretty frustrated about that. But it was significant improvement from what Solana would have done, like, a year ago, which was topple overdose, stayed online, didn't break a sweat in terms of block production. But now Solana as an ecosystem is like just paying attention towards its fee markets and its congestion. And so this is like the new era of development in Solana. So I would call that a success. They have work to do, but it's a success.
Speaker B: Those are the big boy problems, right? When you get so many users, your network can't handle it. Right. You gotta keep up with it, and you gotta figure out front running and Mev and all of these things. I think it's a sign of increasing maturity that that Solana is working on these problems. And, of course, if you're a bankless citizen, then you probably knew about the Jupiter airdrop, because we covered it in the airdrop hunter. And you can claim that if you don't know whether you're eligible or not, you can also claim that on the bankless website, bankless.com claimables. Type your Solana address in and see if you qualified. And, David, you've scheduled a live stream with one of the founders of Jupyter, I believe, to. To talk about this and talk about future plans.
Speaker A: Yeah. That founder's name is Meow. He is a cat. And we are having a livestream tomorrow, 08:00 a.m. eastern time, because I believe he's in Singapore hours to talk about Jupiter and the Jupiter airdrop. And so this will actually conclude my Solana app layer series that I've done over a while. I did tensor, I did Jito, and now Jupiter. And these are like the three big apps on Solana, and it's going to be round out that series.
Speaker B: Are you expecting a cat to actually show up? Is this person going to be pseudonymous?
Speaker A: No, he is a man who I'm sure if you investigated, you'd be able to find out his name. He will show up as a dude. He will also call himself Meow. I am Meow is what I'm expecting to hear.
Speaker B: Well, it sounds. Sounds like it's worth $7 billion. This is crypto. Sorry, Tradfi, I got to get you this weirdness. Speaking of weirdness, this came out last Friday, David, but it really made waves. A Farcaster frame. Talking about Farcaster, we're talking about the crypto social network. It's kind of a Twitter type of competitor called Farcaster, and they've rolled out a new feature called Farcaster Frames. William Pster of Bankless. William Pster, one of the analysts at bankless, described it like this. The crypto social scene just got a huge level up. That's because Farcaster just introduced frames which can turn any cast, which is Farcaster's equivalent of a tweet. A cast is a tweet into an interactive app. This new feature offers awesome new possibilities for the Farcaster ecosystem, ranging from in cast airdrop checkers to one tap gasless NFT mints. So the idea here, David, is that rather than have just a tweet, which on Twitter, it's a piece of content, it's an image, it's a video, it's some text you can actually tweet, or as Farcaster calls it, cast, an interactive application inside of the cast itself, if that makes sense. So, like some examples of this, literally one of the first apps, I don't know if you ever saw it. Like, you ever played doom on a ti 83 calculator, you ever see that?
Speaker A: No, I never. Not on a calculator. I would be like four or five years old, sitting on my dad's lap, and he would move and I would press a spacebar and I would kill the monsters. And my mom did not like that.
Speaker B: Well, like on a PC, right?
Speaker A: On a computer.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, one of the kind of the things that is done, like, have you ever seen Doom on like a pregnancy tests? Like, people love putting doom.
Speaker A: Yeah, I know the meme of we can put doom places, but you can.
Speaker B: Put doom on every. I've seen Doom on a pregnancy test. Like not in person. All right.
Speaker A: On the Internet.
Speaker B: Seen this on the Internet. And anyway, so doom as an early application in a frame, just. Why? Because you can. But there's some really other cool apps that people have developed and once again, this functionality just dropped on Friday. All right? And there's already something like 500 different frames that have been developed. Tell us about some of the frames that are possible here, David.
Speaker A: Well, I mean, the first one that everyone should go play is the doom one, of course. But in addition to that, there's a chess trainer. So you can just play chess inside of a tweet, a far cast or cast. There's song drop, which is a music nft minting frame from sound XYZ. There's NFT mints. So gasless NFT drops on Farcaster, one of the more creative ones. Netheria, a text based game where users attempt to conquer a monster. Um, the way that I would explain this is like, uh, if Twitter is bitcoin, as in all you can do is write text, and that's how bitcoin is expressed. Then farcast or frames are like smart contracts on Ethereum, where you can put smart logic and you can put logic into your tweets, aka your casts. Uh, that's how I would explain that very, very simply. And so it's just opening up the world of just like innovation to the Farcaster community, and people are doing cool stuff with it. And this is, I'm just here for this because, you know, let's put place complexity on the margins, allow for coders and developers to have clay to work with and see what they come up with. Why didn't Twitter ever do this? I don't know.
Speaker B: Well, they didn't because their model is kind of against it. They've, they've Twitter and most of the other, all the other social media platforms are now these walled gardens. Right. Even your Facebook used to be much more innovative with kind of the Facebook API and used to get, like, games like Farmville. Now none of that exists. Right. So what's really cool about this is all of the permissionless innovation that's been unleashed. And, you know, I've been excited about Farcaster for a while. Right?
Speaker A: Yeah, you've been on there for all month.
Speaker B: Right? Like, I mean, I've been there for a while, but I started to get really active about six weeks ago when it just felt to me like Twitter was just kind of too toxic.
Speaker A: Twitter sucks.
Speaker B: It was just getting, like, too toxic. Right. And so just, you know, algorithm, it's. We've talked about this ad nauseam. Right. It very much incentivizes clout chasing, dunking, like, you know, and Farcaster seemed to me, maybe it's because it's small, a much healthier crypto community. I just loved it. But the thing about Farcaster up to this point, David, and all crypto social that I've used is it didn't feel significantly differentiated from traditional social media. So you go into Farcaster, it just looks like Twitter, and you're like, all right, so it's a healthier Twitter. Cool. It's not the ten x better thing, David, this is the first time I've actually seen cryptosocial present, potentially a ten x better use case. Right.
Speaker A: And there's actually not, we call it crypto social. It is crypto social, but this is just a social innovation on a crypto adjacent application.
Speaker B: Yeah, crypto adjacent. And also, I mean, they've designed this thing with kind of open borders, so it's completely permissionless. Sriram, whom we've had on the podcast of a 16 z, says the far Caster and frames energy is how 2005 Web 2.0 web energy felt like. And I very, I kind of remember that in the energy, like the open.
Speaker A: Source era of Web 2.0.
Speaker B: Yeah, he's talking about. Or the Chris Dixon podcast when we went from Web one to web two, and it was no longer. Just read it was about write like this. Kind of feels like that. For the first time, I saw a glimpse of what could be the way we onboard the masses. Like, oh, cool. Now we have a social primitive that allows us to expose the own verb. Right. To use Chris Dixon's framing of it, we can do all sorts of crypto things on top of this. So I'm pretty excited about it. Even though it's like early days, it's still just the crypto native community. But I think this has some real potential and we'll see what's unleashed. What's built on top of far caster frames.
Speaker A: Yeah, I called Farcaster a crypto adjacent application because it just has this very small on chain footprint. Well, like one user transaction on Farcaster on optimism per account. But also these frames can be bridges into crypto use cases like we've already seen, like NFT drops and sound mints and NFT mints and all this kind of stuff inside of frames. And so it is a portal to allow for crypto expressivity to come into a web, two social app. And so it's a little bit just about. The culture of Farcaster is about enabling crypto use cases that you would never see from any of the web. Two gargantuans. As a result of frames, daily active users spiked immediately to 10,000, breaking 10,000. And then that was, I think, on Saturday of last week, and then Monday of this week, we're up above 14 and a half thousand. I think it's over 15,000 daily active users on Farcaster, which makes Farcaster by far the most popular crypto application that we have. Like, daily active users. Absolutely.
Speaker B: And David, they did it without points. They did it without big token incentives.
Speaker A: They have warps.
Speaker B: They do.
Speaker A: They do have warps, but they're not gamifying. I don't know if anyone's speculating on them. Like, people are speculating on like, eigen layer points.
Speaker B: No, I think it would be somewhat foolish to do so, actually. Like, you can buy warps inside of the app, but it's not.
Speaker A: So with money.
Speaker B: Yeah, with money.
Speaker A: With money. With credit card.
Speaker B: Yeah, with credit card or with your eth, if that's what you want to do. But it doesn't have kind of the speculative token mania side of things. They're not using that growth hack yet, which is pretty interesting.
Speaker A: Yeah. With warps turned into actual ERC 20 tokens. That would be very large. That would be a big move.
Speaker B: Yeah, for sure.
Speaker A: That's not happening. Not happening. For a while, not happening, maybe ever not happening, at least for a while.
Speaker B: Dan and the co founders of, they're taking the slow, steady route and they're getting it right. And for sure, I respect that. For sure, David. I also respect the numbers that crypto is putting out with the number of users on chain. So here's a report from flipside crypto this week that shows the total number of acquired users across all of the years that crypto has existed, starting from 2012 to 2023. And the headline here is that on chain crypto users grew by a record 62 million in 2023. Now, what do we mean by an on chain user? This is, this analytics platform. Particular is their particular definition, but basically they kind of mean an active address. Okay. So that doesn't map one to one, necessarily to a human being.
Speaker A: There were not 955,000 users of Jupiter.
Speaker B: Yes, there were not. But each of these kind of map to, let's call it like crypto bank account. Right. It's an active address and it does mean that it's active. So they had to use the chain at least once past year and then use it actively in like twice or more in the years preceding that. So it's a good proxy for not all the humans on chain, but it is a good proxy for, I guess, some of the users. I mean, bots are users too, right? Bank accounts are users too. Anyway, 65 million. And that, that's the highest it's ever been. In fact, most of these years have been up from the previous, except 2019. That was an outlier year where we had, you know, fewer than the last. Yeah, exactly. But take a look at this compilation here. What does, what does this look like to you when we compare the different chains?
Speaker A: All right, we got 15 million active wallets on Ethereum, 7 million active wallets on arbitrum, 5 million active walls on Solana, 15 million active wallets on polygon. Polygon. A really standout bar here. It's actually, it's, it's as big as ethereums and 2 million on base, three and a half million on polygon, 10 million on bitcoin. All right. That's the complex.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: They could have organized that a little bit better, but okay.
Speaker B: I mean, it's cool to see all of this on chain usage. And this is going to hit 100 million in no time, definitely this year. David, what do we got coming up next?
Speaker A: FTX users are getting their money back. How much of it, and will we see FTX 2.0? And are we going to have to wait until 2025 for the ETH ETF? God, I hope not. But someone says so. Also, a new LRT protocol brings in $100 million in TVL in just under one day. And also, most importantly, bankless citizens are getting something new. So stay tuned after the sponsors to find out what that is. But first, I want to talk about some of these fantastic sponsors that make this show possible, especially Mantle, the layer two with staking built in. You can stake your ETH with mantle. You can use the mantle layer too. What you want to do? I don't know, try it out. There's a link in the show notes. We're going to go here for mantle right now.
Speaker B: David, you remember that FTX thing that happened last year, right?
Speaker A: I remember, yeah.
Speaker B: Actually that wasn't last year. That was two years ago.
Speaker A: Two years ago. That was 2020, 313 months ago.
Speaker B: Okay, so 15 million people lost a combined $30 billion or more. Some estimates are $35 billion. The question in all of the bankruptcy proceedings is how much would they get paid back? Would they get paid back anything? And the answer, it seems, has come this week. What are we looking at for the FTX creditors?
Speaker A: So the headline reads, FTX expects to fully repay customers and we are not going to see FTX 2.0, which I kind of think is sad because I think that would have been hilarious.
Speaker B: Like them rebooting the exchange. Yeah.
Speaker A: FTX 2.0. Okay. Yeah, apparently that would be hilarious. That'd be hilarious. That would be peak drama. I mean, what's the Elon Musk line? Like? Whatever's the most comical. That's the thing that's going to happen. Yeah. Anyways, FTX users fully repaid, so everyone's getting all of their money back with a big old asterisk of what your money is, is Us dollar value at the time that the FTX exchange went defunct. The bottom. The bottom. You are getting your money back at the worst, almost the worst prices that we had all of last bear market, which makes many users very upset. Uh, because, I mean, why, how did, where did all this money come from? There's been some clawbacks, there's been some vc investments out of FTX that have actually done well. There has been some money actually discovered under the couch cushions. And all of that money, especially like the soul tokens and the BG BTC tokens, have significantly increased in the market value. Like bitcoin did, over 100% in increase. Like it was $20,000 when FTX went under. It's now $40,000. But then also GPTC appreciated even more than that and all. So, like, the reason why so many people are getting all of their quote unquote, money back is because, oh, yeah, crypto markets bounced back, and so they're not really getting what they feel like is their money back, but they get to say, like, hey, we paid back everyone's money.
Speaker B: I mean, but still not bad.
Speaker A: And it could be worse.
Speaker B: Got to say not bad. I mean, 30 to 35 billion. When does this ever happen in a bankruptcy? If you told, it was as if. I guess the market effect of this was as if you were an FTX depositor, Sam, just hit market, sell on all the assets at the worst possible time. Right? Yeah, but, like, at least you're getting something back. That doesn't happen in bankruptcy cases, usually if you're a creditor. I mean, if you told someone outside crypto that, yeah, FDX depositors, they lost $30 billion, and then they got 30 billion back 18 months later. Like, that sounds good. Now, when you denominate to your point in crypto assets, it's a lot worse.
Speaker A: But underperformed the crypto markets.
Speaker B: Yeah, I just got to say this never happens outside of crypto, but it does tend to happen in crypto, like, from time to time, although Celsius, I don't think it's going to happen. Blockfi is not going to happen.
Speaker A: So.
Speaker B: Yeah, maybe not all the time.
Speaker A: I would like to see how much of this money being recouped was actually made from VC investments. Uh, because they, they had that anthropic investment and others, too, and that's. They're not over. Right? So, like, the VC investments could keep on paying off, in theory. Are your creditors gonna get all those, too?
Speaker B: I don't know. Yeah, I don't know. I think they're trying to just dispose of everything at this point in time and just kind of end the chapter of this FtX cycle. Hey, speaking of new chapters, Ethereum's got a new chapter coming, which is the next Ethereum upgrade. What, what is the latest on that?
Speaker A: We just had the second of three Ethereum testnets upgrade to Denkun. Blobs are now on the sepolia testnet. I bet 99.9% of listeners have never used a sepolia testnet. But the point is that as soon as we get to three of three successful testnet upgrades to Denkun, we get to take that all the way to the main chain to the Ethereum layer one. We are at two of three now. I think the next one will happen in two or three weeks, and then maybe two or three weeks after that, we will have a full dancing upgrade on the Ethereum main net. End of March. End of March, looking good. On track for end of March. These are my words. This is not in the Ethereum developers words. These are just my estimations of time. End of March, looking good.
Speaker B: That's going to feel good when that ships. David so in addition to the upcoming hard fork, some good news, I think for open source development and client development, the core dev development, specifically on Ethereum, Tim Baker is introducing the protocol guild pledge. So any project that has a token can take the protocol guild pledge and donate 1% of their native token to the protocol guild. David what is the protocol guild, and what's the significance of this pledge?
Speaker A: Yeah, the protocol guild is a collection of open source Ethereum engineers, contributors to the Ethereum project who just work either for the EF or work towards Ethereum, and they just work out of the goodness of their heart. They're working on open source technology, which means they're not compensated for that. So that means the Ethereum ecosystem needs to come up with funds somehow, somewhere, in order to pay these people, like.
Speaker B: Peter from Geth, who we were talking about last week. Our fate is entirely in Peter's hands, right?
Speaker A: Peter from Geth is in there. Mike Noyder is in there. Alex Stokes is in there, Tim Baco, Trent van Epps, who are part of the stewards of the protocol guild. Dom, we've had him on the podcast, just a ton of people. There's like, I think, 300 people, plus anyone who contributes to Ethereum open source, anyone who like, builds a client. And the protocol guild, it's Dao is a dao. Protocol guild is a DAO, and it also governs over who's in there. And people donate to the protocol guild, send money to the protocol guild, just say, hey, it's a solution to Ethereum funding. And so the protocol guild pledge is to say, hey, if you are on Ethereum, if you're using Ethereum, consider donating 1% of your tokens of your token generation event to the protocol guild. And that that token has slowly trickled out over many, many years towards members of the protocol guild who have been vetted by other Ethereum EF members and others as deemed worthy of being receiving some of these funds. So this idea, this pledge was announced by Timbayco, and then immediately, Etherfi, one of the largest liquid staking token projects that are new and upcoming in the Eigen layer ecosystem, announces that they are taking the pledge. So Etherfi has committed 1% of their upcoming token will go to the protocol guild in order to support the continued development of Ethereum. So just big hats off to Etherfi. This, I mean, ethereum alignment is kind of a meme, but like, hey, there are people contributing, building Ethereum, and we are all standing on those people's shoulders, and those people are in the protocol guild. And so very, very well done by Etherfi. Also in Etherfi news, they have announced their mega week. So this is in the LRT ecosystem. Megaweek is just like juiced incentives for the Etherfi system. They are distributing 3 million eigen layer points from the Etherfi treasury to new and existing ETH holders. That is the liquid restake token from Etherfi over the next ten days that started January 31, ending February 10. And so if you are interested in getting some catching up on your eigen layer points, Etherfi is, is giving you away, giving away 3 million points over the next ten days.
Speaker B: We still have to do that.
Speaker A: We're giving away points.
Speaker B: Yeah, we still have to do that. Liquid restaking tokens episode, David?
Speaker A: Yeah, we're doing that tomorrow.
Speaker B: Oh, cool. Okay, cool. And I mean, speaking of points, a lot more points giving going on. So this is friend Tech tonight. We're doing our final weekly distribution. I guess this is the final points. Yeah.
Speaker A: They are ceasing. Points are being ceased.
Speaker B: Well, how do we know that? I mean, we just did an episode.
Speaker A: Because what they say. That's what they are saying.
Speaker B: Yeah. Like, you know, six, six months later, they can be like, oh, it's back on again.
Speaker A: No, I don't think so. They are ceasing their distribution and I think that they actually launch a token. I think friend tech tokens coming soon. Tm.
Speaker B: So you think this is a pretty binding, strong social commitment transfer into a token?
Speaker A: Yeah. I could not imagine them saying this without that turning into a token. I mean, v two launch of friendtech remaining, 10 million beta points being distributed up to that, and then v two launches. So v two of friendtech is coming. Points are going to have a point, quote unquote is what they said. So the friendtech token is probably coming. Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay. All right, well, some hard hints then.
Speaker A: What do you think? What do you think? Open up at fully diluted Friendtech? Yeah.
Speaker B: Here's the thing about brilliant.
Speaker A: Over billion.
Speaker B: Yes. Yeah. Crypto going in, into bull cycle. It's over a billion. I will say for myself, I haven't used frontech recently.
Speaker A: I use it pretty hard for the first three weeks, and then that was it.
Speaker B: It kind of. It just didn't have enough to kind of keep me sticky. Right. Aside from the initial novelty of it. So, I mean, maybe. Maybe others are different or maybe they're. They're adding some features. We'll see how that develops. Also, puffer finance giving out some points.
Speaker A: What's this about puffer finance? That is the LRT project that I mentioned that has sourced over $100 billion in 20 and under 20 hours. They have just launched their vampire attack on Lido. There's a meme, apparently out there of a puffer fish eating a carrot. And so puffer finance has leaned into that meme. And so.
Speaker B: Wait, what's the carrot?
Speaker A: I don't know. I don't know. It's a YouTube video. I just learned about this. Anyways, so, like, yeah, so if you take Lido steak to eat and put it into puffer's vaults, you're taking carrots and putting it into the puffer. I don't know. Anyways, puffer just launched, and just, like, over $100 million has floated into their vaults. Congrats to puffer.
Speaker B: I gotta say, I'm looking at this tweet. This does not look like organic traffic here. 91,000 likes, 167,000 retweets.
Speaker A: Puffer announced their investment from binance labs, and then all traction I've ever gotten of any puffer tweet I've ever done has just completely blown up. I think there's just a binance swarm of Twitter accounts that come and just like. Yeah, I don't know, David.
Speaker B: A disturbing headline I read this week was basically the spot ETH ETF approval is unlikely until 2025 or 2026.
Speaker A: I don't believe it.
Speaker B: Well, investment bank TD Cowen anticipates that the SEC won't approve a spot ether ETF before late 2025 or early 2026. This is the reasoning, David. They say this is a political call. We believe there is no upside for SEC chair Gary Gensler to prove a spot Ethereum ETF. Given how much, how upset progressive democrats were over the agency's approval of the spot bitcoin ETF earlier this month, that's what their analysts say.
Speaker A: No, no upside. What about not getting sued? If you approve the ECTF, you don't get sued.
Speaker B: I mean, he's getting a lot of suits. So this is some sound logic. Although these analysts, I don't know that, like, they're saying this a bit, like, pretty emphatically right, when really there's sort of a probability distribution cloud. So I called in James Safer to actually, who is kind of the go to Bloomberg analyst. He and Eric Baltunis are the people I think have the best takes on the probability of the Ethereum ETF. And this is what James Safer says. There's more work to be done on this, he says, but we're probably in the 60% range for 2024 right now. So over 50%. Yeah, it's lower than what he said probably three to six months ago. You'll know. So it's over 50%, he says, but not meaningfully. So I wouldn't be stunned either way. Gensler really wants to. He can kick the can down the road. There was no more can kicking for bitcoin. I think that is the most valid point here.
Speaker A: I think Gensler will kick the can down the road as long as he can until he gets sued, which he will if he kicks it too many times.
Speaker B: Well, uh, that was kind of James Seyffert's take as well. I said, you know, Gensler really does hate crypto, so unless a court forces him, why would he? And James says, yeah, that's the bearish take. But on the flip side, it's not exactly a good look to go back to the same court and be told the exact same thing.
Speaker A: Okay, so that's also bad. Upside is maybe he's actually, he does care about his optics. And so maybe Jimmy, James is saying if he cares about his optics enough, he will approve the ETH ETF even before getting sued.
Speaker B: Yeah, it kind of could go, which.
Speaker A: Only accelerates it by like six to eight months.
Speaker B: The interesting thing is, Gary is kind of the decider, right, because there's, there's five votes for the SEC on whether to approve this or not. And Gary was the decider, three to two. He was a decider for the bitcoin ETF. So he's still the decider. He still got all the power. David, this same week, another analyst said the SEC is very likely to approve the spot Ethereum ETF. This was an analyst from Standard Charter bank and called in a price prediction. Basically, ETH is going to hit 4k in the next two months because we are on the brink of the Ethereum ETF getting approved. So don't know there's takes on either side of this. And it could probably go either way, though. I still lean more bullish, for sure.
Speaker A: Yeah, this bank's take just happens to coincide with that ETH price pump in the middle of the week, up to $2,400. But I mean, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not one to listen to banks frequently. I'm going to just say that. That's just.
Speaker B: You do have a bank account though, don't you?
Speaker A: Yeah, but I'm not listening to them. I don't listen to my Wells Fargo.
Speaker B: So this was crazy. The co founder and chairman of Ripple, that's the XRP coin, of course, Chris Larson announced yesterday. Actually, Zack XBT caught this before this was publicly announced because Zack XBT is apparently everywhere on chain. And Zack XBT said, it appears Ripple was hacked for about $112 million worth of Ripple and then XRP, rather. And then Chris Larson confirmed it. He said there was unauthorized access to my personal XRP accounts and the exchanges were notified to freeze the affected addresses. And I mean, that's a lot of money, though, for Chris and for the XRP community to lose in a hack. Do you have any other takes on this?
Speaker A: Yeah. Why is he. He has like a handful of wallets and one of them. And one of them has $112 million of Ripple.
Speaker B: Yeah, just a personal wallet.
Speaker A: Personal wallet. God, Ripple's such a goddamn scam.
Speaker B: That's your take?
Speaker A: That's my take. That's all I have to say.
Speaker B: Oh, wow. Well, I don't know if the hackers are going to get away with that.
Speaker A: No, because there's no Defi on Ripple. They, all of the major exchanges that have Ripple liquidity are just tracking those wallets. They're not going to get anything out of it.
Speaker B: He'll probably get it back. Now, we don't know how he lost $100 million of Ripple, but a common vector for attack for anybody in crypto is the classic sim swap, where an attacker actually swaps your mobile phone number for theirs in some sort of social engineering attack where they call a phone company, basically, and they switch your number to their number and then get two factor authentication type of access and sort of compromise your account. I don't know if that's what happened with Chris Larsen, but like, this is an important psa for everybody in crypto to realize it could happen to them. And what you need to do is make sure you are using not your mobile phone number as your second factor auth in your, in all of your logins, but use something like Google authenticator. That's like the primary prevention. But David, there was a sim swapping ring that stole $400 million, just like one guy in Chicago in a ring. And that was brought to court this week.
Speaker A: So we got him.
Speaker B: Well, yes, this one, there's more and when you're talking about a bounty of, like, hundreds of millions of dollars, lots of scammers are looking at that with mouths watering, and I'm sure are entering the space. So we always have to keep on our guard for sure.
Speaker A: And much cooler and more exciting news. Bankless, that's us. Has released a 2024 badge. So if you are a bankless citizen, we do this every single year. The PO app for being a bankless citizen. January of every single year or now February, you get one of these, it's done, it's shipped. It's now claimable for all the bankless citizens out there. Encode. We trust it's in there. It's in every single PO app. This is the year of the dragon. There's an animated little po app breathing fire into the bankless bee. I think it's just absolutely gorgeous. If you have one of these, that means you're probably should be also going to the bankless meetup at ETH Denver. You should also go. There's a link in the show notes. If you're a bankless citizen, you can go claim it now and then tweet it, and I will retweet it.
Speaker B: There you go.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker B: Retweet the dragon. David, what do we got from meme of the week?
Speaker A: Meme of the week? Hard times create airdrops. Airdrops create good times. That's where we are now. Good times create ponzis. That's coming up next. Be careful. And then Ponzi's create hard times. Make sure you are prepared for the next two phases of crypto, because those are the phases in which you get wrecked. Now is the time in that you get rich. So I hope everyone's having a fantastic time collecting their airdrops. In addition to the Jupiter airdrop, the mode network airdrop went live today. I have claimed a few of mine. You should as well. I think there'll be a link in the show notes for that. Have fun harvesting. Be wary that lucrative harvesting creates Ponzi's in crypto. We're not there yet. I haven't seen one yet. But we are in. They are inevitable.
Speaker B: How do we, how do we know when we are in the good times? Create Ponzi's phase. David, do the airdrops just get dumber and dumber, and the bigger they get.
Speaker A: Dumber, they get quicker, stupider. Yeah. People come in who have never been in crypto before, and they start launching billion dollar airdrops, and no one knows who the hell they are. What the projects are what they're doing. And, yeah, look for talk show hosts.
Speaker B: Look for celebrities painting their nails and posting on Instagram. Like, these are, like, top signals. Is that what we should be looking at? I mean, this is so far, the.
Speaker A: Top signals change every single year. Last cycle was so confusing because it was a year's worth of top signals. And after one year straight, by the time we got to, like, November of 2021, December of 2021, I'm like, what's the point of listening to a top signal? They're all top signals, and crypto still goes up. And if you had sold at any time during 2021, you would have been doing just fine.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think that we are still comfortably in. The airdrops create good times because this phenomenon really hasn't escaped beyond kind of like crypto natives yet. Nothing.
Speaker A: We're still below all time high prices in ether and bitcoin.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. Nothing about this cycle has brought in mainstream yet. So look for that. Look for the signals specifically, not among the crypto native crowd, but when it starts to leak outside of that, that's when you should worry about the good times creating Ponzi and then the subsequent hard times that will happen as a result of this.
Speaker A: But the hard times, they do come.
Speaker B: Some disclosures as we end this episode. Both David and I are advisors and Eigen Layer also, bankless Ventures is an investor in some of the liquid staking, liquid restaking token projects that we mentioned in today. Both David and I hold Eth. We are investors. We're not journalists. We don't do paid content. There's always a link to all disclosures@bankless.com.com. disclosures and, you know, crypto is risky. You could lose what you put in. But we are headed west. This is the frontier. It's not for everyone. But we're glad you're with us on the bankless journey. Thanks a lot.
