Speaker A: Beckless nation. It is the second Friday of November. David, tell them what time it is.
Speaker B: Oh, it's bull market time, Ryan. It's a bull market. It's a bull market. It's also.
Speaker A: David.
Speaker B: What's up?
Speaker A: This is a special edition of the Weekly Roll up, and you told me not to ruin this title, this theme for you, so I'm not gonna do it. Go. You say it.
Speaker B: It's the we are so back edition of the Friday bankless weekly roll up. Wherever I we cover all the weekly news in crypto, especially focusing on the markets this week because, God, candles are happening, coins are moving, we're getting the double digit price movements. Markets are alive, and nfts are no exception to that. Everything is up. Every single listener of this podcast has more money today than they had last week. So congratulations. Pat yourself on the back. I declare that we made it. We made it through the pair.
Speaker A: We made it. The bear's over. You're saying it bears over. It's official now.
Speaker B: It's official.
Speaker A: All right, well, so everybody is up on the week except those, those few.
Speaker B: Fiat short sellers who are idiots.
Speaker A: Do you think. Do you think any fiat maximalists and short sellers listen to bankless? How dare they? Just hate listens.
Speaker B: Hate views.
Speaker A: Hate listens. Guys. In addition to the markets, though, we got a few other questions that we're asking. I'm going to rattle them off. Did Blackrock just file for a new spot? Eth ETF is near. Moving to Ethereum. Did Elizabeth Warren apologize for lying about crypto? I bet you can guess that last one. There is so many questions today. There's a lot of excitement going into the episode. David. These charts look so beautiful today. This is the Kraken bitcoin chart from Kraken Pro. And look at this candle up, this big green candle, followed by a candle down a little bit. But I'm so happy because it's still up. Tell me about this candle. What's going on? What's the price on the.
Speaker B: Yeah. Bitcoin started the week at 34,600, trying desperately to get its head back above 35,000 and not fall resistance to that, not fall back down. And then it just like blasted through right before we started recording, touched $38,000 going from right below $35,000 where it's been all week to $38,000. It is now at the time of recording at 36,500. So coming back a little bit, but 36,500 real nice. Really.
Speaker A: It's really nice. And this is the highest bitcoin has been. I mean, I'm just scrolling out on.
Speaker B: The crack charts here, like, 24 months. How long. How long has it been?
Speaker A: I gotta keep scrolling. It's been a very long time.
Speaker B: You can't keep it because your candles are 1 hour candles. So if you go up to the top left and hit one day. Yeah. This is how you. This is how you use crack and charts.
Speaker A: This is how I trade.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Yeah, here we go.
Speaker B: So look at that. Look at the line. See where it intersects. May of 2022. Okay. Okay, so we are. We have. We killed the FTX liquidation when bitcoin replaced that pretty early, in early 2023, and then halfway through 2023, we erased the three arrows capital liquidation. So 3 hours capital is now in a distant memory. Those are no longer relevant parts of the market, and we are in process of finalizing the removal of the terra Luna dump, which happened in May of 2022. We are almost there. I think if we just get maybe up to back, if we need. If we hold $38,000, Terra Luna is in the rearview mirror.
Speaker A: It's also the season where you're starting to get. You're going to start to get text messages from your friends and family.
Speaker B: Yeah. You have, oh, my very dormant crypto chat that was dominant throughout 2020 and 2021 is now like, we're. Oh, we're back, baby.
Speaker A: I'm very thankful, because this is a couple of weeks before American Thanksgiving, and it's always sad to have to face your family during a crypto bear market. And they're like, oh, how you doing? How's that podcast that you have? Like, how's the industry going? And I'm gonna have a big smile on my face this year, I think, for thanksgiving. But of course, speaking of smiles, I'm smiling, looking at this chart. This is the Eth price chart at Kraken Pro. Once again, what are we looking at?
Speaker B: Yeah, ETH starting the week at $1800. Literally, 81800 is where we started up 13%, maybe 11% now. We touched 2050, $2,500. We are now down to $2,000 at the time of recording up. Yeah. Eleven ish percent. So big bull. Big bullish.
Speaker A: Two k and two k. Eth. EtH above two k. The last time it was above two k was that same time. Same time, pre do kwan era. Okay.
Speaker B: We are in process of erasing do Kwan from history.
Speaker A: David, do you want to kill the ratio this week? Do you want to talk about it?
Speaker B: The ratio has a very large green candle on it. The ETH bitcoin ratio up 5% to 0.055, up from where it was dabbling with below 0.052.
Speaker A: All right, but you got to explain. You got to explain this candle. All right? And we can. It goes back to the question I asked at the beginning of this show, is, is blackrock filing an ether ETF? I think this is why we're seeing a candle in the ratio. And again, a candle in the ratio. Eth. Bitcoin ratio means ETH is appreciating relative to bitcoin faster.
Speaker B: Faster than bitcoin.
Speaker A: It's been down.
Speaker B: The ratio is an understatement.
Speaker A: It's been down bad. Yeah. There is hope here for David's ratio trade. Let's talk about crypto market cap. What are we looking at? Total crypto market cap.
Speaker B: Total crypto market cap. 1.45 trillion. Man, that is accelerating. And how fast? Remember when we were just, like, moving at .01 trillion every single week? And this week, I think we moved by, like, 0.1 trillion, like, ten. $100 billion added to the market cap just in the last week or so?
Speaker A: We did indeed. That's pretty impressive. So this is another signal that we've beaten the bear market. David, wait.
Speaker B: Before we move on, call the top of the crypto market cap at the top of the market. Do it.
Speaker A: You want me to call it?
Speaker B: I want you to call it now.
Speaker A: What, in my head?
Speaker B: Yes, in your head. What's the number? The top. The highest number that we'll get to on coin gecko?
Speaker A: $13 trillion.
Speaker B: 13 trillion sounds about right. So that's a nine to ten x.
Speaker A: That's an unlucky number, though. I should say twelve. Between twelve and 1512 and 15.
Speaker B: I feel like that's safe. I feel like that's safe.
Speaker A: That's safe.
Speaker B: I think a safe bet. A safe bet.
Speaker A: I mean, it's bigger than the.com 15 is high. It's bigger than the.com bubble, okay? But Fiat was worth a lot less, then dollars were worth a lot less, and assets are now worth a lot more. Cause where else are you gonna put your money? So I think that's where we could get this cycle above ten. Anyway, man, listen to me. I keep hedging. The more I talk, the more I hedge. Value locked in Defi. This is value locked on layer two. On layer two.
Speaker B: That was last bull market.
Speaker A: Bring me back to 2023. We don't care about in Defi as much as we care about value locked on layer twos. And this is what David?
Speaker B: $12.8 billion shooting up like almost $3 billion in a two week period. New high. I know, new high speaking. New highs all around. Everyone just pat yourself on the back. Can we go back to the fact that we all made it? Pat yourself on the back.
Speaker A: Are you, you are literally, he is literally guys patting himself on the back.
Speaker B: Oh yeah.
Speaker A: When people say that, they don't do.
Speaker B: It into the microphone.
Speaker A: Absolutely giddy on Vanklist this morning. Let's talk about some big movers on the week. Some coins, some tokens that moved big. This is if you sort by seven day number one you get a token called alluvium. And it's been a long time since I've heard the term the name alluvium, but this was a crypto native game I believe, and still is. Why is this up almost 65% on the week?
Speaker B: They actually had a release, a catalyst. And I just love it when the number one mover on the seven day on the Coingecko top 100 chart is because of a catalyst and not a meme. If you go back to the chart, we're going to talk about the big movers, alluvium, link, ImX, polygon and coin. There are others like we're not going top five, for example, because Caspa token is up 63% followed by Wemix token at number 76 on the chart. I just don't know what these are.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And so of my editorial discretion, I will ignore them. If the Thor chain people were disappointed in bank lists for not covering Thor chain, that's fine. I'm sorry, I just don't know much about Thor chain, but that could be included. But we didn't. I'm sorry. Okay, back to illuvium coming in at 66% up on the week because of a catalyst and the actual release. And so beta pvp is coming and illuvium is like kind of this dungeons and Dragons type game, but if you win, you win crypto, you win money. And it's in the Epic Games store. Illuvium is in the Epic Games store.
Speaker A: Oh, that's it. We took a while to get to that. So the big announcement is illuvium is now an epic in the game store.
Speaker B: Yes. And I just love the alignment that Epic has because Epic is suing or has attempted to sue both Apple and google for their monopoly over their own relevant app stores because of all the pay us 30% tax. Alluvium, I think is going to be, excuse me, Epic Games is going to be, I think perhaps a big ally of web three, gaming shown here by the fact that Illuvium is now in Epic Games store and it's a crypto enabled game, up 66%. Congratulations to Alluvium and all Illuvium holders.
Speaker A: How about Link?
Speaker B: Link. Okay, so interestingly, Link is one of the ones that has a grayscale trust associated with it, not just like GBTC or ETH from grayscale. And the Grayscale link trust is trading over a two x premium versus link.
Speaker A: And by the way, that means it's an absolutely terrible product.
Speaker B: By the way, it does mean that. It does mean that. But nonetheless, like this is showing that people who don't want to go buy Link directly through like Coinbase or Kraken or on Uniswap or whatever, they're just buying the Link grayscale trust in their tri fi brokerages. And that's creating a over a two x premium versus actual link, which is how the last bull market started in 2020 with the Grayscale bitcoin Trust being added premium for so long. So this is dragging up the actual price of actual link. So coming in at number two of our big movers of the week at 33% is Link.
Speaker A: Link. And you have rotated into Link, it looks like. And you updated your disclosures page.
Speaker B: I bought some right before. This was so perfect.
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, David switching bullish link. I don't know.
Speaker B: I'm now, I wouldn't have thought this.
Speaker A: Could happen, but it happened.
Speaker B: The arc is funny. You've seen this profile picture, right?
Speaker A: This is when they used to make fun of you for being such a link ignoramus.
Speaker B: It wasn't even about link. It was about frogs. The frogs. The frogs, remember?
Speaker A: I think the nuance is lost on the frog community here. Okay, another token that's up. IMX up 33% on the week. And I think as a result of another announcement with a gaming studio here, Ubisoft has partnered with IMX, pushing IMX.
Speaker B: Up 33% on the week, followed up by Polygon. After IMX, we got Polygon up 22% on the week. Why polygon, actually, did you know, Ryan, that polygon has more polygon supernet, which is like their version of the op stack chains than optimism has op stack chains?
Speaker A: I did know that, yes. Polygon is absolutely crushing it on a biz dev perspective. I think it's one of the untold stories.
Speaker B: Yeah. So the immutable Zke EVM, the one that we just talked about, which has the partnership with Ubisoft, that is a Polygon Zkevm chain. And so we have like these two gargantuan, like the immutable business development arm, so strong, followed up by polygons, BD arm as well. And so, I mean, Kanto Aster, just like so many different new ZK Rollia roll ups built on Polygon. There's more Polygon ZK rollups coming up later in the show. There's a big announcement there. So that's probably gone up 22%. And then last of the movers of the week, this is not a crypto token. This is called a coin. It's called Coinbase. Up 20% on the week. It's where people are just getting exposure to crypto as kind of an index.
Speaker A: Lastly, David, NFTs might be awakening. This is nfts are up. High volume. Yeah. Third day straight of recent highs here, so. Wow, I thought the jpegs were dead. That's what I've been told. But it looks like you're having a bit of a resurgence here.
Speaker B: JPEG is not dead at all. There's a lot of graphs here in this one tweet that are all pretty good crypto punks. Hundred thousand dollars floor regaining $100,000.55 e denominator.
Speaker A: We go, sir, is that up in EtH terms?
Speaker B: 55? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
Speaker A: Okay. I feel like it was like 45 to 50.
Speaker B: It was 45. 45 was at the bear market low. We are now at 55.
Speaker A: Not that I track.
Speaker B: I have Ryan to buy a crypto punk at like the lowest of lows, like three times in the last bear market. And he's like, I don't want Jpeg, guys.
Speaker A: Don't, don't, don't buy a JPEG. It's like more than a validator. It's a crazy town, David. That's the enough crypto for now. Okay, we'll come back to it, but let's talk trad five for a minute. You know what my favorite yield farm is this cycle?
Speaker B: No, there aren't any good farms, actually.
Speaker A: Yeah, there is. There's a great one. It's brought to you by Jerome Powell. It's called tradfi money market farms. Yep. You go, you deposit your dollars in, you have to convert it to this non ERC standard. It's called like a bank dollar. And then you put, you put it in a money market and you get 5%. It's a fantastic source of yield here. And this is Eric Balachunas saying that officially this is the year of the money market mutual fund. These once boring but now sexy because they yield 5% funds utterly dominate the leaderboard. This is the money market. Funds dominating. And you know what I kind of realized going to this section, David, is my entire adult life was mostly spent here. This is the Fed funds rate of. Okay. And I'm looking at, you know, 2010s all the way to up to now. And the interest rate was nothing, like nothing zero. Like, you know, capital is free. And so you talk money markets, like, who cares? I mean, I'd rather have like, cash savings accounts and banks. Like, what is that? It doesn't exist. And now we're resetting to something much closer to normal in these 5% rates. And, uh, yeah, this is the. The modern yield farm is in trad five right now.
Speaker B: David, can you go back to that money market chart? Can I give you my take about this?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So we're looking at flows into these different money markets, like Charles Schwab in millions of dollars. Like, these are massive amounts of money because this is like the. This is not. It's not the risk free rate, but it's like the collection of risk off yield that has been sucking markets dry. Risk markets dry for the past two years.
Speaker A: I would call it the risk free rate. I mean, the Fed funds rate, effective rates, risk free rate, basically for the dollar, for capital.
Speaker B: This has been the gravitational black hole of capital sucking money away from markets ever since the Fed started hiking in March of 2022. And so we're seeing these flows go in here. My interpretation, my take for what this is, is a gas tank that has been filling up and up and up with all of these funds, like tradfi yield farming going into these money market funds. As soon as the Fed pivots, this is energy ready to go back into the markets. This is jet fuel. This is market jet fuel.
Speaker A: But you know what's so interesting about this is I would have expected that a Fed fund rate above 5% would have brought about financial, like Armageddon. Basically, all of the liquidity in all of your other assets, your stocks, your crypto and that sort of thing would have been sucked in. All of these dollars would have been sucked into that 5%.
Speaker B: It was hard for getting for crypto, bro. I don't know where you felt like another bear cycle eth, but everything else got decimated.
Speaker A: Yeah, I guess so. But I mean, stocks are up. What's interesting is now we have high interest rates and we have a money market yield farms and assets are appreciating. Yeah, maybe, maybe I'm just.
Speaker B: And we haven't even tapped to the money market jet fuel yet. We don't even have the pivot, Ryan.
Speaker A: Well, speaking of not tapping things here, bitcoin has not tapped its next havening, which is going to happen pretty soon here. We're a matter of months. I think this happens in April of next year. The havening again. What are we looking at? This is kind of an interesting chart. Explain this to us.
Speaker B: Yeah, so we're looking at the bitcoin price as it approaches the happening. And so, like, there's like four lines here, and it's, every time it's a four year cycle. Right. And so at the end of a four year cycle, the line ends at the right and then it resumes on the left at the price, that's a higher price. And so, of course, we are at the line, at the top approaching the havening. But I think really just the thing I wanted to talk about with this particular, like, image is just like, the lines on the left part of the happening are flat and the lines on the right part of the happening are up three for 3343.
Speaker A: And this is log scale.
Speaker B: Let's log scale. So, like, it's up more than it's perceived. And so, like, all of this excitement and exuberance that we're seeing in the markets, and you're hearing in my voice so far on this episode, you ain't seen nothing yet.
Speaker A: No, this is just, this is just crypto native exuberance. The crypto natives know that they bear markets over and that assets like what's going to happen. Extrapolate this line. Mainstream doesn't know this yet. They get excited on the right side of this line here when things are starting to go up big league.
Speaker B: David, we got some more 100K sooner rather than later.
Speaker A: David, we got some more things to talk about today. What's coming up?
Speaker B: Coming up next, we got a Blackrock filing a spot ETF question mark. Question mark is near becoming an ethereum. Layer two. Also question mark. Is Kraken getting a layer two? Cracking the exchange? Also question mark, we got some question mark.
Speaker A: I hope we get some answers.
Speaker B: We'll see. I don't know. No promises on the answers, but we'll talk about that, all of that and more as soon as we talk to some of these fantastic sponsors, one of which might be getting a layer two maybe. But until then, we'll continue complimenting them on their beautiful charts. Thanks a crack. And let's go hear from them right now.
Speaker A: Is Blackrock filing an ether ETF? That is the question. Well, we don't know for sure. But we do know they took an absolutely massive step forward. David. They're doing for us.
Speaker B: They're doing it in Delaware. We don't. They're doing it. We don't have 100% confirmation, but like, come on, they're doing it, David.
Speaker A: Look what happened to cointelegraph, okay, when they tweeted a rumor. Bankless will not be the new cointelegraph. Not under our watch here.
Speaker B: Okay, but they did explain the nuance about why we are but aren't doing. Getting it.
Speaker A: No, I was gonna throw that to you. You do it.
Speaker B: Oh, damn it.
Speaker A: Explain the nuance.
Speaker B: Okay, so summers. Summers things on Twitter says iShares Ethereum Trust has just been registered in Delaware. Ishares, that's a BlackRock product. For context, BlackRock's iShares bitcoin Trust was registered in a similar manner seven days before they filed the ETF application with the SEC. Details below. I didn't totally understand this tweet out of the box, which is why I enjoy our good friend Eric Balachunis, who just basically told us what this means. And that is Blackrock has made the first step towards filing for a spot ether etfemen just confirmed on the website myself. So he's basically saying where the ball's rolling. And why would, why would Blackrock stop at not they. What does black do? First and foremost, they sell ETF's. They're making their spot. Either ETF. And also when we had Eric on the show, he was like, oh, yeah, as soon as we get the spot bitcoin approved, like ether is following inside of half a year, he said. How long? Did he say? Half a year?
Speaker A: Yeah, he said by June. By basically summer is a good estimate. So January. By January we have bitcoin, and by June we have ethere. Maybe faster.
Speaker B: I have scheduled for both of these things.
Speaker A: It could be faster. So, yeah, you know what, David? I don't think it's an exact, like, it's not an exaggeration. This is what's happening. I'm just like, look, this is an official ishares Ethereum Trust filing in Delaware. That is step one. Seven days after they did this exact same step with bitcoin, they actually officially filed with the SEC. So next week at this time, we might be talking about their official filing of the ether ETF with the SEC. By the way, we should maybe get an update on some of these things. The SEC has apparently open talks with Grayscale about converting their GBDC trust to a spot bitcoin ETF, which will be great. That will be like, man, that, that is the final sign that the bear market, if you, if you were looking for a final sign that the bear markets over this product really, like, wrecked us last time, and to get this product made whole, basically, that's just a. I don't know, that, that has some symbolism to me.
Speaker B: I'll keep on saying, when this happens, we get tens of billions of dollars recapitalized into the pockets of our fellow comrades, market participants. And so when you get more capital in people's hands, that's just bullish.
Speaker A: It's just bullish.
Speaker B: It's just bullish.
Speaker A: There's no other explanation. An estimate, a re estimate on the timeline. James Seyfferthe, who is the guy to go to? We still believe there's a 90% chance by January 10 for spot bitcoin ETF approvals. But if it comes earlier, we are entering a window where a wave of approval orders for all the current applicants could occur. Okay, I just want everyone listening to this to know is like 90% chance is what analysts are saying by January, but it actually could happen anytime between now and then. So I don't know, like, you have a choice. If you were planning to buy bitcoin or ether, you have a choice. Are you going to make those actions before the bitcoin and ether ETF or after? That is the choice that everyone has to make. Who's listening to this?
Speaker B: Imagine the market participant who's like, I don't know, it might not get approved.
Speaker A: It's a sell the news event. Look at the trend lines. Whatever. People fixate on the wrong time horizons. I'm not going to convince anybody. Let's talk about the next thing, David, which is, is near becoming a layer two? At least a validium layer two on Ethereum. This is a tweet from Sandeep of polygon. What are we looking at here?
Speaker B: The answer is yes. Near is migrating to become a validium layer two on Ethereum in collaboration with Polygon, but not using the polygon. ZK evM. Interesting. A little bit of a curveball. Okay, so just to set the table straight, Nier is settling on ethereum. Nier is turning into, like, another layer two. Just like optimism, arbitram, et cetera. Data availability is staying on near, but they're becoming so, like. Nier is turning into a data availability platform.
Speaker A: Wait, is that official? So Nier is going to be use Ethereum as its settlement layer. Is that 100% official?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker B: Near settlement layers. Now, Ethereum, they get all the assets, all the liquidity gets to plug right into the Ethereum economy.
Speaker A: And so rather than compete against Ethereum as a settlement layer, they are competing against Polygon avail. They're competing in some ways against Celestia Eigen da. They're competing on the layer of data availability layer. I guess they're competing against Ethereum for data availability as well, but not for settlement.
Speaker B: Correct?
Speaker A: Correct. Okay.
Speaker B: But importantly, like if they're collaborating with Polygon, but they're not using the Polygon ZkevM chain development kit, like their version of the op stack. Right. What are they using? And so there's a new CDK and they're building a ZK wasm prover, which allows any wasm chain, which is a web assembly. It's technical stuff. I don't get it. To prove on Ethereum and have layer two security. So there's a new CDK coming to market is like my interpretation. What is a wasm ZK wasm? It's a prover, generates zero knowledge, proofs that native WaSM execution is correct. If you understand what this means, then you understand what this means. If you don't, then you don't. I don't have any more help for you.
Speaker A: Okay, David, so here, here's a quote from somebody in the know on what this actually means. I thought was a good summary. The near protocol is becoming Ethereum aligned by becoming a validium. Near and Polygon are building ZK wasm, which allows not only EVM chains, but all wasm chains, which is what Nir and many of the cosmos chains actually are to become validiums. And so for polygon, this means all of these chains that we're talking about, they'll connect to an aggregator layer, and that layer provides a unified liquidity and interoperability to all of the chains in the polygon ecosystem. So in a way, it's basically like Nier just joined the Polygon super chain.
Speaker B: And are also adding to the modules of the polygon super chain to make it more accessible for further change to join the polygon system.
Speaker A: Correct.
Speaker B: Okay, that's big, right? That's big. That's big. Yeah. It's definitely one of the reasons why matic is one of the movers. The movers of the week all have catalysts. It's all fundamental.
Speaker A: There's a reason.
Speaker B: There's a reason. I love that. I love this part of the market.
Speaker A: No, it's a very, very, I don't know, refreshing list of movers this week. You know, a few weeks from now.
Speaker B: I mean, we cut off all the ones that we don't understand and talk about.
Speaker A: That's true. Okay, well, let's talk about this last thing. There is a rumor going on that Kraken will have its own layer two. And of course, you guys know Kraken is a strategic sponsor of bankless, so naturally we ask them about this. Hey, Kraken, when's the layer two coming out? Tell us about it. They couldn't tell us anything. All right, so their lips are sealed, so we don't know any more. We tried in this story. We tried for you guys, but basically Kraken said to seek partner to help build itself a new layer two blockchain network. That is the headline in Coindesk. Looks like they're talking to maybe polygon. They're talking to matter labs. They're talking to the Nil Foundation, a bunch of others. That's what the Ruber mill is spreading. So I'm sure Kraken is just looking at what base is doing and its success and just saying, hey, we want one of those. We need one of those. Let's go build it. So very bullish if that comes to pass because these would be the two largest us based exchanges who have their own layer two networks. I don't know. I won't be able to contain myself at that point. Very exciting.
Speaker B: Can I make a prediction?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: I think it's our show. You're totally. I think I will. I think that they are going to choose Polygon. Do you know why?
Speaker A: Huh?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay. Why?
Speaker B: Cause polygon is purple and so is kraken.
Speaker A: Shut up.
Speaker B: We don't have a purple chain.
Speaker A: We don't have a purple chain for that prediction.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: That's why. Yeah, that's why. Bullish purple.
Speaker B: Yeah, bullish purple.
Speaker A: David, what's next?
Speaker B: Coming up next, we got the Wall Street Journal and Liz Warren to talk about. Did they capitulate yet, or has someone else entered the fray? Also, extremely spicy story. Was jump capital in bed with Tara Luna all along? Well, before the collapse, someone from jump plead. Someone from Jump capital pleaded the fifth in court, which I think kind of tells a lot. We'll talk about that as well. And have you ever wondered why the SEC doesn't have the will or expertise or desire or understanding to regulate crypto?
Speaker A: Well, yes, some nights I have.
Speaker B: You have wondered this. Well, I've got an answer for you, Ryan. So we'll talk about all of this and more, but first, a moment to talk about some of these fantastic sponsors that make this show possible. Have you opened up your metamask portfolio yet? Cause it's all green in there. Go check it out. There's a link in the show notes.
Speaker A: This is our third week talking about this story. Cause it's a big freaking deal. Okay? Wall Street Journal. Originally, they posted a story, a fallacious story with facts in air quotes, that crypto funded Hamas to the tune of between 90,000,100, $30 million. Elizabeth Warren and some other members of Congress, approximately 20% of them then signed onto a letter to the White House saying, we've got to stop this. Crypto is bad. We need to put in place some anti crypto measures to stop terrorists of financing via crypto.
Speaker B: It's citing the Wall Street Journal.
Speaker A: Citing the Wall Street Journal. Yes. It turned out all of this was, was factually false.
Speaker B: Otherwise known as 99% factually false.
Speaker A: Yes, otherwise known as misinformation. The Wall Street Journal issued this puny retraction, not very much, but basically the sleuthing community of citizen journalists held them to task, led by Nick Carter. Now we're on week three of this story. What is happening? Has Elizabeth Warren issued an apology yet? Have they rescinded their letter? Have they corrected the record in any way? Have they said, I'm sorry?
Speaker B: Not in the slightest. One. Instead, we have Forbes coming in with a new article saying how misinformation on Hamas and crypto fooled nearly 20% of Congress. Basically an article that's more or less pancing anyone who signed that letter with some pretty, like, damning comparisons, saying that Uncle Sam has a history of making big mistakes based on bad intelligence, such as the Gulf of Tonkin incident, which caused the Vietnam war, and false reports of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq.
Speaker A: I remember that one. Ooh.
Speaker B: Just like, absolutely damning comparison. And then goes and gives the crypto side of this story. Finally, a voice inside of Forbes. It's not the Wall Street Journal. Nothing wrong with Forbes, but it's not the wall Street Journal. But at least we are having alternative views expressed truth in mainstream media. So tip of the hat to Forbes. Thank you for picking this up.
Speaker A: That's great. I think they picked it up, by the way, on the back of citizen journalists who helped. But thanks to Forbes for broadcasting this message. It's absolutely fantastic. Here's a tweet from Brian Armstrong, Elizabeth Warren and Wall Street Journal spread in misinformation on crypto and got caught red handed. The moment has passed, but the voters won't forget. I certainly won't forget. It was just like a blatant lie, and it still hasn't been corrected.
Speaker B: And just a big shout out to Nick Carter, who just pulled some massive amounts of just determination and motivation to make this really clear and easy for Forbes and the author at Forbes who wrote this article, Sam, to just under, just underhand, Sam, the article with all the data that he needed. So I think the whole entire industry deserves, owes Nick Carter a big old. Thanks.
Speaker A: Yeah, the great thing about this is all of the data is public. It's on the blockchain. You can go look it up yourself. And no accident that Nick is the one doing this. And he actually founded coin blockchain analytics company Coinmetrics analyze.
Speaker B: It.
Speaker A: We got an open blockchain. Okay. We could tell when people are lying. David, some not great news out of OpenSea. Opensea let go 50% of their staff during the last week. Here's a tweet, the thread from Devon Fisner. Here's a tweet thread from Devon Finzer, the CEO, saying they're making some big changes today. I think the long and short of this is NFT market has been down, obviously from the heady highs of 2021. Blur is also taking a significant amount of volume and liquidity from OpenSea. So they needed to make some cuts and they needed to change their strategy. I think that's what's going on here. And this is not only reflected in the employee numbers, David, it's also reflected in the market cap, the valuation of OpenSea, which of course, is a private company. But we have some reports that the stake in OpenSea, so the value of OpenSea is down by about 90% from its highs.
Speaker B: They did raise a decent amount of capital at the absolute top of the market. They raised some. They raised at a $13 billion valuation, a series c, where they raised $300 million at a $13 billion valuation. Today, for the secondaries on the secondary market, Opensea is going for around a billion dollars, which, I mean, for the right buyer, could be a good buy, right?
Speaker A: Yeah. And it's not when you see you're down 90%. I mean, look at public crypto tokens. I mean, many of them have been down 90%, particularly with exposure to the NFT market.
Speaker B: It. I think this is the bottom for nfts, bottom for open sea, bottom for nfts. We already seeing volume come back, excitement is coming back, and blur is taking a lot of the market share. But I think the transition from Opensea to blur in terms of NFT volume is a transition of maturity of NFT buyers and sophistication because that's why Blur was built. Opensea is meant as top of funnel consumer, like casual collectors. And those people who stayed around in crypto and stayed in the NFT community sharpened their teeth and got more sophisticated and needed blur's tools that they had to offer. But when NFT markets come back, they're going to Opensea.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think normies will come back to Opensea. The UX is becoming easier as well. So you wanted to highlight this feature, David. Tell me about it.
Speaker B: Yeah, so this is Opensea Pro, which is Opensea's answer to blur. So not only are they going to probably likely get the top of funnel attraction for all future NFT buyers for this future bull market, but they have this Opensea pro endeavor which is also trying to get the more sophisticated NFT traders to stay trading on Opensea. And so they also are. They had this tweet thread about the announcements and I wanted to bring out number three where they say bridging is no longer an odyssey. Your first cross chain swap is only a few clicks away. The new bridge and swap feature lets you kill two birds with 1 st bridge tokens to other chains and swap them for different ones, all with a single flow, thanks to socket tech. Socket tech is a bridge aggregator, Dex aggregator. It's basically an order router optimizer for connecting all the disparate layer twos in this one. Seamless integration. So what do you want? What asset do you have on what layer two and where do you want to go and with what asset? Doesn't matter. All of that is obfuscated. And so this is coming and being a part of the sexy awesome UI and user experience that is Opensea Pro. And all of the many, many chains that was presented to people in 2021 is just going to be obfuscated. And that's coming. And Opensea Pro is not. The only people that have integrated socket dot tech, Coinbase wallet are doing the same. Last week we talked about instant swaps between, on the Coinbase wallet, between arbitrum and the ethereum layer one, and I think polygon, that was also socket tech. And so there's this narrative that ethereum layer two is fragment liquidity and fragment composability. And out of the box they do right now. That's true. And there are the amount of juice that's left to squeeze for the refragmentation, the recomposability of layer twos. I think the market is totally under serving that.
Speaker A: Yeah, I agree. I think that's actually where our scalability limitation is now it's not, it's no longer block space. We have loads of cheap block space now. It's user experience. UX and solutions like this really fix it. If you think about all of the websites that are out there and the average user of a website, they don't have exposure to any of kind of the networking equipment or the data center. They don't see the network routers behind the scenes that are routing their traffic from one place to another. And that's essentially what this is like. Socket tech is like a value router, and it's going to exist behind the scenes. No opensea user is going to be like, oh, what, what value router did soccer tech just, you know, transit? They don't care. They'll just click a button and get the asset that they want to purchase or sell the asset. That and all of these routers will happen beyond the scenes that I think is the new frontier is solving these UX challenges, and I am so confident that we're going to solve them at some level. They're easier challenges. I think maybe I'm speaking out of turn here, but I think they're easier challenges than the first challenge that we had to surmount, which is the block space. Availability and cost problems.
Speaker B: Supply. Yeah, for sure.
Speaker A: Yeah, supply problem, for sure.
Speaker B: And the cool thing about socket tech is that using it is, it's a synonymous UI user interface. As uniswap, it is the same thing. It's assets and then also have a chain. And so we know how awesome the Uniswap UI is. Okay, jump capital, their crypto division, jump crypto might have been more engaged with terra Luna involved with the Terra luna ecosystem than we thought. Now, this has actually been a conversation I've heard in a number of different circles of mine where the MEV and the yield and just the arbitrage opportunities that newer ecosystems like Terra, it was just like magnet to jump because they are experts in this. They're building the Solana fire dancer client because they're high frequency trader experts. They know how to do the whole high frequency trading thing. And so there was speculation that jump was just all over the terra luna ecosystem. I mean, it was just a place where retail was being able to be inefficient, and they were able to eke out those inefficiencies.
Speaker A: Lots of money to be made, lots.
Speaker B: Of money to be made. Lots of meV, lots of sandwich attacks, lots of extraction. This is why I kind of have a gripe against jump as organization. Anyways, the SEC has probed whether the president of jumped crypto has engaged in a secret agreement with Do Kwan during Terra USD's collapse. So the context here is that the SEC alleges that Quan, of course, do Kwan perpetrated fraudulent scheme to the tune of $40 billion through unregistered securities loan and UST. But now SEC has turned their eye towards jump. So Quan and the jump CEO apparently penned a deal on May 23, 2021, one year before the ultimate collapse of terra Luna, because there was this week of UST instability, because the USC peg was at risk of falling through collapsing, just like it did a year later, but this time, at like, one 100th or one 10th of the market cap, that happened a whole entire year later. So the terms of this deal where that jump would help restore the weak UST peg by purchasing a bunch of UST off of the market and become like, market makers and restore the peg. In exchange, Quan would amend jumps Luna loan agreement, and lift the vesting conditions, basically give favorable terms to the ability.
Speaker A: To dump Luna tokens.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's just like jump was like, hey, we'll protect the peg, we'll restore the peg, but give us a ton of Luna. And market makers have traditionally have, like, these agreements with tokens where they have just, like, option agreements and just basically ways to gain exposure. And jump was like, okay, lift all the vesting conditions on the tokens that are locked up for us. Just give it, like, remove the options and just give them to us. And so there's a quote here from the article. To incentivize and reward jump for its manipulation of the markets for UST, Quan agreed to modify the party's prior agreement and instead unconditionally convey to jump more than 61.4 million lunar tokens at a greater than 99% discount from their then current market. Trump later resold these Luna tokens into the market at a staggering profit of $1.28 billion. And so my interpretation of this, these events, is that when once upon a time, Terra wasn't so big, it was smaller than it was in 2022. This is May of 2021, and the token, the UST stablecoin, was about to lose its peg. And then here comes jump crypto, basically with a corner do Kwan, and was like, we will defend the peg. We will save your project, but give us $1.28 billion of Luna token so we can dump it into the market. And do Quan did it.
Speaker A: Yes. Yes. It wasn't worth 1.28 billion at the time, but that was the net effect. But basically, jump crypto got Luna tokens in order to defend the peg at that time. Right. And I don't know that, um, it seems like that should have been open and transparent, right? People should have known about that. And also, here's the thing. Bunch of retail lost a lot of money.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: You know, hundreds of millions of dollars, billions of dollars. Jump crypto got to keep its 1.28 billion in profit. They didn't have to hold the Luna tokens. Be one thing, if they held the Luna tokens all the way up and all the way down and all boats rose together and then all boats sank together to the depths of the ocean, is not what happened. They got out, they exited at 1.28. That's what this case is alleging right now. And if so, that is, um. Man, that is some sharky behavior.
Speaker B: It's super sharky. And, okay, so like, to, to put on my pro jump crypto hat, like Jump crypto is about to come in, put capital at risk to defend the Pega. And so they need, they need to be compensated for that risk. And so that's why they got to have, like, the unvested Luna. Was that an equal, fair trade? Was that an equal transition, transfer of risk? Or was this extremely sharky behavior that also perpetuated a system that was fundamentally unsustainable to only increase more than ten x in size? I think something like 50 x in size, from, from a to b, from 21 to 22. And then ultimately it just collapsed later taking a bunch of retail down with it. In the court during the questioning, the jump crypto, who is this as a name? Kavan Karia invoked his right to resist, resist self incrimination in his response nine times by pleading the fifth. And he. So they said that I plead the fifth.
Speaker A: Well, I definitely don't trust the SEC, given its lawsuits, but I also don't trust jump crypto.
Speaker B: Nope.
Speaker A: And what's, like, what's gone on here? So we'll have to see.
Speaker B: I generally stay away from jump crypto because they are more sophisticated than me and they will fleece me if they have the. Is my opinion. Is it my opinion, David, you see.
Speaker A: This, this is interesting to me. The US is proposing a bill. There's a US bill at least being proposed that would outlaw government use of China made blockchains and tether tethers, USDT. So I took a look at this. I don't know whether this bill will move forward or not, but the aim, according to it, is to ensure the nation's foreign adversaries do not have a backdoor to access critical national security intelligence and Americans private information. It's sort of along the lines of the us government span of government employees from using TikTok, which happened, is basically, you know, China surveillance size. What's interesting about this to me, and kind of the takeaway for this is I think this type of thing will continue to happen in crypto, particularly to the centralized actors. Like others have observed this, and this has been a growing trend over the last decade or so, the balkanization of the Internet, where you have sort of a western liberal democracy Internet, american Internet, that kind of thing. And you have China's version of the Internet, and you have other versions of the Internet, and they're all kind of firewalled from each other. I think something similar can and will happen to the centralized elements of crypto. So it will happen with exchanges. We're already seeing it. The US clearly doesn't want binance to play in us markets. They clearly don't.
Speaker B: They probably don't want. They probably don't want Coinbase to play in China.
Speaker A: CCP does not want Coinbase to play in China. So it's going. There's going to be a balkanization of our centralized exchanges. We're already seeing that happen. I think stable coins, at least dollar backed, stable coins that are bank bank coins, bank ious, they'll have the exact same fate. And so that's just probably the outcome. What I think does really well, though, is our decentralized crypto native assets.
Speaker B: 100%, bro.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: When walls go up between our nation state web, two layer of the Internet, but simultaneously we're building this underground, interconnected global, credibly neutral financial layer that just seeps around the walls of nation states. Where do you think capital is going to grow?
Speaker A: Exactly? Because there will be. There cannot be a bitcoin version for China and a bitcoin for the US. There's just bitcoin in the United States. There's not an ether China and ether the rest of the world. There's just a theorem. There's just ether, and it works because this is a decentralized, credibly neutral network, the way there's just one TCP ip type protocol. Anyway, that was my observation coming out of this. This balkanization will affect crypto as well, but only on the centralized side, and it's probably bullish for our most decentralized crypto native assets. David, you want to talk about the SEC here? You know, they're having trouble hiring crypto experts. You want to explain to us why?
Speaker B: Yeah. So the SEC needs to know about crypto. They know this, and so they're trying to hire crypto experts because they need to know about crypto. And so it turns out that they're actually having trouble hiring crypto experts because they, there's a rule, tiny, small, little condition for working with the SEC, that if you work with the SEC, you must sell all of your crypto. Ryan, we need someone in the industry to go work for the SEC on behalf of crypto to do good crypto policy, but they have to sell all their crypto. Who do you think is going to go? So I've someone else.
Speaker A: The job description is basically like, hey, crypto experts. Do you know all about crypto? Have you been in the industry for like five years? Like, do you know, do you understand.
Speaker B: The fundamental catalyst of bitcoin and ethan and why they attract value?
Speaker A: Come to the SEC, which hates the entire industry, and you'll get a government Sally salary. And before you do, by the way, you have to sell all of the assets through which you've researched over the years and have some upside in who's going to answer that job description. It's just, I feel like there's like.
Speaker B: Oh, we can solve this problem with coordination. Is there like a Moloch dao that we can spin up where, like, we volunteer someone and we will promise them we'll all put in money into the Moloch Dow and they will get those crypto assets in like five years.
Speaker A: That person would have to be like a double agent, because this is all a pretext for what the SEC is really trying to accomplish, which is, is they want to find crypto experts who hate crypto. They know a little bit about crypto, but also hate it. Do not hold it. That's what they're actually filtering for, David, which is the most insidious part here.
Speaker B: I think we can find a mole. Can we find a mole?
Speaker A: I mean, Gary Gensler regulates the stock market, does he not? He shouldn't own stock.
Speaker B: Gary Gensler does. Other than be an influencer, he shouldn't own securities.
Speaker A: Then what do you think? I don't know, David. Gary, if you're listening, come on the bankless podcast.
Speaker B: First question, what do you do? Are those bankless boys talking about me? I got to listen to the weekly roll up.
Speaker A: David, we got a meme of the week. We're ending this episode a little bit earlier. This is the new show format here. We're slimming this down for you. So we present the news in this episode. Now we got a week before we.
Speaker B: Go to the meme of the week, can we talk about. Let's just break the fourth wall and talk about. And talk about that. Can you pull up the show that we did? Okay, so what is missing from this bankless weekly roll up? It is questions from the nation. It is takes of the week, and it is what David and Ryan are bullish about. We are unbundling the weekly roll up, which has gone on for way too long. It once upon a time, we attempted to make it a 45 minutes show, and now it has definitely been like over an hour and 20 minutes most of the time. So now there is a weekly Wednesday show called Bankless Takes. We went back and forth about what we were going to call that. We settled on bankless takes. If you have a better name for us, I will pay you money. I'll try and convince Ryan for that to come to the bankless treasury, but I'll do it myself. And so we are doing the weekly bank list takes, which we are trying to get under 35 minutes. We did it under 43 minutes yesterday. We'll try and get it under 35 minutes, which means this show, if I wasn't going on this fourth wall rant, would have ended at 55 minutes. So we are unbundling the takes and the questions. We're basically the Twitter content stuff, and we're putting that into a show, a weekly show that comes out on Wednesdays probably, and that makes the weekly roll up shorter and as a new show, and both of these things are just much more manageable.
Speaker A: So there you go. On Wednesdays, it's our take show, just raw opinions. And the roll up will continue to be markets and news.
Speaker B: Just straight facts.
Speaker A: Straight news, opinionated facts. Let's be honest. What are we doing here? Meme of the week? David, this is a fantastic lesson. This is, in my opinion, the secret to winning the bull market. Do you want to hear what it is?
Speaker B: Tell me.
Speaker A: Do nothing. That's what you have to do, because you will over trade. If you trust your instincts, you will over trade. You will fomo, you will chase pumps. You won't beat the market. It's the best thing you can do on the left curve curve and on the right curve is buy the market and do nothing.
Speaker B: Do nothing.
Speaker A: Does that resonate with you, David?
Speaker B: It absolutely does. One of the themes that we have talked about is bull market goggles, bull market drunk. You got to set up your plan. If you are planning on selling in the top of the market, you need to think about that. Well, actually, yesterday because the bull market just started.
Speaker A: So, like, you're already a little drunk.
Speaker B: You're a little drunk. Did you hear my excitement at the beginning of this episode? It's because your boy's been drinking.
Speaker A: Metaphorically, those charts.
Speaker B: Metaphorically. And so, like, you are now no longer as sober as you were a few weeks ago. And so if you are not prepared for that, you need to reflect, become Zen. Did you just take a screenshot of your portfolio? Did you just, like, look@your.net worth? Okay, that's fine. It's great. Reason, like, make a plan. Don't get too drunk. Understand that you are now under the influence, because that what this, that's what this phase of the market is. We are. The party has started.
Speaker A: Yeah. Feels good, though. Feels good. It does feel good. At the beginning phase, it feels good.
Speaker B: The coming up phase. We're in the coming up.
Speaker A: I'm going to end with risks in a minute, but a few disclosures. David and I are investors in socket, and I am an advisor for Polygon. Both David and I hold lots of crypto assets. You can find all of them on the bankless.com disclosure site. It's always a link in your show notes. Let me end with the risks here. You know them well if you've been listening to bankless and here we are headed into a bull market, so it's worth reinforcing. Crypto is risky. You could lose what you put in. But we are headed west. This is the frontier. It's not for everyone. But we're glad you're with us on the bankless journey. Thanks a lot. Woo.
