Speaker A: Welcome to Bankless, where we explore the frontier of Starknet. Today on the show. If you ever remember listening to my older episodes, which I called layer zero episodes. No, not layer zero. The bridge, layer zero. The fact that all of these layer ones are supported by humans, supported by people, supported by tribes and cultures. That's what we call the layer zero here on bankless. And today we are exploring the layer Zero of Starknet. I had on Abdel Abdel Stark. It's a screen name from the Starknet Starkware community. And we talked, just talked a little bit about what it means to be inside of the Starknet community. Who are these people? What is the vibe of the tribe? Why did people come to plant their. Plant their settlement, settle into the world of Starknet? And then also, what is exciting in the world of Starknet? This is. This spawned out of a conversation that I had with Abdel on Twitter after I made a tweet that I shot from the hip calling Starknet the least aligned ethereum. Layer two. I explain what I mean by that here in this episode, but it's not as it seems. It was an errant tweet, I'll call it. And we unpacked that a little bit here on the show today. So I hope you enjoy this conversation with Abdel from Starknet. But first, before we get into that conversation, a moment to talk about some of these fantastic sponsors that make the show possible. Hey, Abdel, how's it going?
Speaker B: Hey, I'm good, David. Thanks for having me.
Speaker A: So this is the first time that we've ever connected, and it's been a while since I've done one of these, like, layer zero type episodes. But these have always been in search of the spirit of communities, the spirit behind why people resonate with some of the systems that they find themselves in, in crypto. And so today, I kind of want to explore the Starkware, Starknet star gers Starkers. What would you call the people that vibe with the Stark tribe?
Speaker B: Yeah, actually, I don't think we have a common name. We have a group of telegram group where we have most of the builders, which is called Ko Korestars, but that's pretty much it. I don't think we have a name. We should fix that, if you have some suggestions. Yeah.
Speaker A: Maybe it'll emerge sometime during this episode. Cairo co stars. What was it?
Speaker B: Yeah. Cairo Costars. Yeah.
Speaker A: Right. Because Cairo is the coding language for Stark. Knight. Right, right.
Speaker B: I. Yeah.
Speaker A: Maybe tell us a little bit about yourself, how you came into crypto, and then what sparked interest specifically in the Starkware Starknet ecosystem.
Speaker B: Yeah, sure. So before crypto, I was working in the fintech industry. So in a startup working on cloud based payments, basically enabling payments using contactless technology on the phone, like NFC technology. So I used to say that I was working with banks before fighting them. Yes. So then I was working there. I have been working there for seven years, basically building this payment infrastructure, working on cryptographic stuff and so on. And then in 2012, I discovered bitcoin, playing the bit with it, like running some nodes, looking at the code and whatnot. But it was not sufficient to strike me and to say, I want to work on this space and whatnot. So it was really in 2015 when I discovered covered Ethereum right before the launch, it was like a revelation to me. I was attending to a conference by Stephan Choual about Ethereum and the vision and whatnot. And it was really a revelation for me. After this conference, I had only one idea, I wanted to work on that space and whatnot. But you know, initially I did not want to leave my company because I was attached to it and it was like a family company kind of. So I tried first to convinced them that there was something interesting to do with blockchain and Ethereum, especially because we were already connected to the banking industry. And at this time it was pretty rare for web three projects to be connected to the banking industry. So we did some experiments, but then they were not convinced. For them it was a speculative bubble, and for me it was not. So at some point after two years, I gave up and I decided to leave and I joined consensys, basically. So I stayed at consensus for three years, mainly working as Ethereum core developer, working on the Bazoo Ethereum clients. And my main achievement was working on EIP 1559. So I've been working on it for almost two years. I have been championing it on the technical side and working with team vehicle and client teams and whatnot. So it was very interesting because I discovered a lot of the interesting aspects, not only technical aspects, but also the governance of decentralized protocol and the fact that you have many different parties and they all have different interests and whatnot. Like, for example, miners were really opposed to the CIP because it was reducing drastically their revenues. So there was a lot of pushback from big mining pools and whatnot. So I had to play with all of that. And it was super interesting because, and this is also the theme of this layer zero episode. It's also all about social layer and how to align interest between different parties working together on the same protocol. So it was super interesting.
Speaker A: So you've been very close to the code, but then all also, right, like when you're so close to the code, with the Ethereum protocol especially, there's just a lot of like part like social interests that emerge that you need to navigate. How'd you find your way into the starkware world?
Speaker B: Yeah, so then after the work on EIP 1559, I was a bit exhausted, to be honest, and I had the wrong impression that I did my time on Ethereum space. Like, I had the impression that I discovered I played with all the different aspects and whatnot. It was completely wrong, actually. But then at the same time, I was also a bit interested by the interoperability vision of the cosmos ecosystem and this world where you can have different chains communicating together and so on. So I moved for a year on Cosmos ecosystem, but then I had a lot of these illusions basically on cosmos ecosystem, mainly because of the social layer, to be clear, like the fact that there are many cosmos projects, but few of them really contribute back to the court stack and whatnot. Also many back to back agreements between foundations on different chains that end up concentrating the power and few actors in the whole ecosystem. So I wanted to come back to the roots and come back to Ethereum. But then I thought that maybe I had a significant experience on the layer one, and I wanted maybe to do something else and help Ethereum scale. So I wanted to do something on the layer two space. So I started by doing a sort of analysis about the layer two landscape and tried to play with the different technologies and whatnot. And then my conclusion was that Stocknet was to me, the most interesting and promising. I was really excited about this idea of stocknet being very different. And I guess we will talk about it a lot here, but it was really something like, okay, the idea that the EVM, when it was designed, it was not designed to be ZK friendly back in the time, of course, because the ZK space was not that evolved and whatnot. And now we have the choice between trying to make it ZK friendly or try to do something from scratch and do something optimized for this new technology that is the zero knowledge space. And I really like this idea, ultimately, I like both idea. I think we need both, but I think there are too few projects trying this alternate path. And I'm happy that Stocknet is doing that. So then I started first a project building on Stocknet. And then I met people from Stockware and whatnot. And then I decided to join Stockware to work on Stocknet, basically.
Speaker A: Beautiful. And you've been watching the progress of the Starkware, Starknet, Stark X ecosystem. So you kind of have been there at least witnessing from the beginning, right?
Speaker B: No, not from the beginning, not too far after the beginning of Starknet itself, but yeah, yeah, like two years ago. So it was really at the beginning of Stocknet.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. From my perspective, in Ethereum, the stark, starting with Starkware and some of the Stark X at chains. Right? And this is kind of where Starkware really got its footprint with its Dark X product that DyDX uses or used sorare uses. They're like generalized chains, but they are made by these one specific companies to serve their specific purpose. So DydX was the first derivatives platform on Ethereum, and they used the Stark X technology, kind of like app specific dy DX axe. Oh, Jesus. App specific chain. And there's a few other these. Right? And so this is where, like, kind of stark where got its footprint, got its foundation started, like growing a little bit. And like, it was always, to me in the very beginning, it was always in stark contrast to some of the slower projects that were growing on layer twos, the optimism, which at the time was optimism and arbitram, because, like, Stark, stark Ware, who kind of beat everyone to the punch when it came to, like, the layer two scaling philosophy. But it was also, like you said, it was just not interested in the EVM because the EVM couldn't serve its purposes. So I've always thought, like, Starkware was pretty distant away from ethereum because it had its own culture, its own vibe. Optimism and arbitrum were fighting about who's more ethereum aligned, who's more EVM equivalent. And then Starkware is like f all that. I've always called Starkware, as in they are Stark maxis. They're about starks. They want to express starks, and they don't really want to bring in any of the Ethereum baggage, which, like optimism and arbitrum are competing over, and they just want to, like, build starks. That's kind of how I've illustrated what the stark net ecosystem, starkware ecosystem, kind of like where it started from. How do you reflect on that?
Speaker B: Yeah, it's funny and very interesting, actually. It reminds me of the discussion we had on Twitter that initiated this.
Speaker A: Exactly.
Speaker B: That's where we're going about Stark being the least line. Ethereum l two. And why it's funny for me specifically because I am literally the one who is pushing a lot about the importance of ethereum alignment. So now we use it as a meme. Because to be serious, I really believe the Ethereum alignment is important actually. But I just believe that we don't have the correct definition of the Ethereum alignment. I mean, it's impossible to have a universal common definition of it. But in my opinion, for example, specifically the execution engine should not be part of something that is important for the Ethereum alignment even more. On the contrary, I think it's risky to consider that the EVM compatibility is an important criteria for ethereum alignment because it will kill completely innovation and it will be potentially a systemic risk if everyone is doing zkVm. And it happens that there is a big issue that we don't see right now, it will be a systemic risk for Ethereum because Ethereum adopts all obscene record map. And so I believe the term alignment is very important. But there are some aspects like that, that I don't consider part of the Ethereum alignment. For example, I'm more attached to the philosophical alignment, basically the core values and principles of Ethereum and whatnot. Obviously economic alignment is important. And on that you mentioned something also that it will be interesting to see how the token will play, because it will be the first fee token. That is not it. That I agree can be a bit disturbing from the point of view of the economical alignment. But to me, the most important thing is to pay the security budget of Ethereum and settle on Ethereum and use it as da layer and whatnot.
Speaker A: So this conversation for listeners kind of started on Twitter when I sent out people, probably listeners know, I shoot from the hip on Twitter and I said, it's going to be interesting to see Starknet like a less Ethereum aligned layer. Two, which I think everyone kind of interpreted as they saw fit, and which was my mistake, because I left that very much up to interpretation back in the early days when we had arbitrum and optimism and starkware. Starknet. Starknet, like I said, was just the most distant in terms of the technology, was distant. The culture was like, it was attracted a different set of builders. And like I said, it was stark, maxis, like starks, the cryptography, primitive. And then also was interested in using Stark as the gas token. And if we rewind the clock and go back to 2020, this was so incredibly divergent from what we were familiar with, with optimism and arbitrum. Right? And then now we fast forward to today, and now those differences seem so trivial and small and marginal because like, what is like Ethereum misaligned has really, like, expanded into, like, some, like, absolute B's. Uh, but, like, it was a little bit of a, uh, when I, like, sent out that tweet and then got that pushback from the stark net ecosystem was like, what the hell are you talking about, David? Where we are feel very ethereum aligned. I was just like, oh, yeah, really? The evolution of the conversation of Ethereum alignment has really moved on from just, like, not being EVM equivalent and not using eth as gas. Now there's, like, a much different part of this spectrum. So that's, like, kind of where my, like, perspective was coming from.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. And now we use this meme a lot and we play with it. It's even in my view, you know, we also use some emoji to symbolize the list aligned meme and whatnot. So thank you for that, because it's a powerful meme.
Speaker A: Wait, this turned into a meme?
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. Really?
Speaker A: Really?
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, really?
Speaker A: The whole, like, my least aligned, it turned into a meme?
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: What's the emoji?
Speaker B: The emoji is the compass for the alignment and decreasing chart. Like, to show that the alignment is decreasing. Yeah, I have it in my Twitter handle and many people in stocknet ecosystem.
Speaker A: As well, because I tweeted that.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Oh, my God. Okay. For the record, complete. Like, not, not necessarily misunderstanding, but just like, very poor communication and an incomplete idea being expressed from, like, pulled forward a vibe, like, four years ago that. Yeah, that came in. When you bring forward, like, ethereum alignment from 2020 to 2024, things don't translate.
Speaker B: Yeah. No, no, but let's, let me be clear. There is no hard feelings or whatnot. We just think that it's a good way, actually to show the difference of Stocknet and play with it, because people then can question whether or not we are serious when we say that, and then it can lead to interesting discussions. So there is no harmful. It's a good meme, actually.
Speaker A: Right. Okay. Okay. But I also do want to get into, like, the shared identity, like I said at the beginning of the Stark warriors. Starknetians. Starkers. Because there is, like, a cultural difference between some of the, I don't know what you would call, like, the Ethereum vibe. It's very diverse, but, like, maybe some, I don't know, kumbaya granola. People of the Ethereum. Ethereum, layer one. And then there's, like, the starkers who are like, you know, pretty damn serious people. Really? Into what? The projects that they're building, really into the expansion of starks. And like sometimes you can just like I'll be talking to somebody at a conference and I'll be like, I'll get kind of a vibe like, oh yeah, you're, you're a starkware person. Like I can, there's like a shared identity there. Can you like do your best to try and describe this in words? Like, what would you say is the identity of starkware?
Speaker B: Yeah, definitely. And I think that part of it is related to the technical design choices, actually. Like, for example, I think really that the non EVM compatibility played a big role in shaping this shared identity. On the stocknet ecosystem, I will try to explain why. First of all, I think by default it makes builder in a mood where they think out of the box more naturally. Okay. Also, it's kind of a filter of motivation. Kind of why? Because, you know, there is no point in learning a new language and whatnot if you don't want to build something meaningful. Because if you just want to do a low quality copy pasta of something else, you can just take an EVM project and deploy it on so many EVM chains. So I think it acts also as a motivation filter. And people want to do meaningful stuff and also disruptive stuff, like stuff that are very special and unique. We see so a concrete element, I think that we have probably younger people on average than on Ethereum. We have a lot of very young builders that are very interested by some verticals that are uniquely enabled by stocknet or more powerful on Stocknet, for example, on chain gaming is one obvious one on stocknet that is very developed. And we have a lot of very young builders that really like on chain gaming and want to push the frontier of what we can do on chain. And they understood that the power of the Cairo virtual machine can really unleash this potential. So we have a big project, I know you are familiar with it, but it's dojo. They are building an on chain gaming engine. So it's the equivalent of mud on optimism ecosystem. And we have a lot of builders who think out of the boss naturally, I would say. And they really understood that with those new primitives, they can explore new area. And they, they are not trying to copy past something that they see elsewhere. Usually they tend to more naturally innovate and do some crazy stuff, like for example, AI on chain. Like we have a project called Giza. They are doing machine learning inference on chain using Cairo and whatnot. So I think this is one property that we have on stack net ecosystem. I think also by default they are very much attached to very core and low level tech. And, you know, back in the days, the Cairo stack and the starkness stack was very hard. Basically, it was very low level. The tooling was not great and whatnot. And I think somehow it shaped the builders in the ecosystem because they had to play with that and find different ways to conciliate with this new and young ecosystem that is lacking a lot of tooling. So they had to first to be patient and to try to overcome those difficulties and whatnot. So, yeah, I think it helped a lot to shape this shared identity.
Speaker A: One of the things that I thought was immensely interesting when I went to the Starkware sessions in Tel Aviv in February of last year, 2023, it was in the very early days of the Starknet independence from starkware, like the community and builders that had been building on Starkware and using starks and learning about Cairo and then saw Starknet as a thing. I think there was testnets up and running. So people were building and just getting their teeth sharpened. They were also coming to the realization of, oh, we are the early people in Starknet. This thing is going to be placed on our shoulders. And now I'm not just a dev anymore. Now I'm like a community steward of something greater than myself. Exactly. Close to the governance conversations, there was a governance workshop where people, like, literally sat in a circle, like cross legged and talked about, like, what governance will look like for Starknet moving forward. There were a few community volunteers who had volunteered to be part of the Starknet foundation, to be liaisons with the Starknet community. And it was like, hey, guys, this is like up to us and nowhere. And I don't really think anywhere, anyone that I recognize from Stark, wherever were there stewarding those conversations, I think Starkware did a fantastic job of finding the right people, elevating them, and say, hey, you are community members. You are also leaders. Shepherd everyone. And then they're like, okay, sure. I don't know what that looks like. I need to go figure it out with everyone else. And so in addition to the very technically competent, low level builders that you were talking about, this was a year ago now. There was also this emerging realization of, there is this massive network that is going to be owned by us. And people were all coming to learn about what that meant for them. It's like, oh, I'm not just a developer, I'm now also a governor, a steward of this thing. That was the vibe check that I got last February. So a year ago. And now starknet is an alive ecosystem. The starknet token is dropped. It's out there in the wild now. It's not actually at the time of recording, but it will be when this goes live. Maybe you could talk about the maturation, the progress, the evolution of the community around Starknet over the last year or so. How has that formed?
Speaker B: Definitely what you said is completely true. They are really involved a lot in the governance of the protocol, and they are participating a lot in the lifecycle of the network. Another example is that last summer we did a special assembly, so there were 40 builders gathered together in Paris, in the castle. We spent three days literally all together discussing about many aspects of stocknet, including technical aspects, including governance, including the values and whatnot. Ethereum alignment. Actually we had a specific session about ethereum alignment and so on. And it was amazing to see those people all together committing three days of their lives, coming from different countries in the world, all together, united by a common goal. And it's true that they are very much involved in that. And it's more and more the case. Like there are more committees in the foundation and people from the committee are really sheffielding those. Like we have a gaming committee, we have a DeFi committee, we have people working on governance and all aspects. And I think also related to what we said before, because, you know, everything had to be built from scratch. No one was afraid of building something that was missing. And it ended up that we have very diverse stack, basically by far the most diverse among all al two s. Like we have five different full nodes implementations, three proverbs, three sequencers, four different implementations of the Cairo virtual machine. And it's huge actually to have this level of decentralization of the stack so early on, all different layer two, because they can leverage already existing pieces on ethereum. So it's not that they become lazy, but by default they have something they can use where on stocknet you had to build everything from scratch, ARPC infrastructure, everything tooling, compilers and whatnot. And so naturally we have now a very diverse stack.
Speaker A: Beautiful. Yeah, and I think when we look back on the history of crypto, the maturation and development and growth of the starknet ecosystem will just be like an insane case study of how to spawn a network. I don't think really we'll get opportunities like this very often just to even watch this thing. Can you talk a little bit about just how that decentralization process was able to be achieved over the last one or two years? First you had a community which was already a huge advantage, but also by the leadership of people inside of the Starknet starkware ecosystem. The community was empowered and given responsibility and which they accepted. And then also, I think this is true. So correct me if I'm wrong, but stark tokens have actually been distributed among community members over the last year or so, selectively, very precisely, granularly. And that has also aided in this story and shown the community members like, hey, you actually will own this thing even before the token is actually out there. Maybe you can talk a little bit, illustrate some of this conversation.
Speaker B: Yeah, definitely. So. I think so. The process of decentralization was pretty gradual, I would say. But one of the, it's true that the initial kernel of the community played a very important role because it was so small at the beginning and everyone knew each other and whatnot. So when you come, you have directly some human interaction and it's very important. Actually, it makes a big difference. It's not only about reading some tutorials to learn Cairo. You had the opportunity to really talk to people, to meet them in person, to participate in hacker houses and stuff like that. I think one thing we did great is to consolidate in few places first before scaling too fast. Like for example, we had very strategic places, like in France, for example, where we had a very strong kernel of very loyal and committed builders. So it started with something like five people, then 1020. And then we stayed at this size for quite like six months or so. And then they were really close to each other, et cetera. And then it was really easier when we brought more people in the ecosystem. They had direct interactions with the community, and they saw that the community was special. And it was not only about Starquare or the foundation, but also about the network of humans working together on the same goal. So not scaling too fast, I think played a big role and trying to focus on few areas first, before expanding in many different places at the same time. And then naturally the community, because initially it was small and they were close to each other, that they played a big role. And we included them in all decision processes, basically to gather feedback for what they needed, what were their pain points and whatnot. We created, for example, team that I'm leading, which is the exploration team. And the goal of this team is to start some open source projects and to work hand in hand with the community on those projects. And we pay them, so they contribute, and each time they do contribution to a project, they get paid. And the goal is, first of all to eat our own dog food. So it's always better when you use your actual stack to understand the pain of the builders and understand what they need and whatnot. And then it's also a good way to have some retention in the ecosystem, because, you know, it's not about just having a one time grant and then you do something, but then you need to find a job, you need to eat something, basically. And with this system, they can stay in the ecosystem, improve their skills, continue to sharpen their skills, and learn on actual projects. And then once they are ready, they can either find a job or create their own project and whatnot, plus those projects. The goal is at some point to give ownership to the community. Like for example, the first one that we created is Kakarot, which is a ZKVM built in Cairo. So it was an exploration project. And then people from the community were actively involved in that. And then we discussed with them and they wanted to take the lead on the project. So we gave them the ownership, we helped them to do a seed round, and for example, and stock were also invested in this seeds, Vitalik as well, and whatnot. And now the project is fully autonomous and fully owned by the, by the community members and whatnot. So I think also this is something that helps, because we really focus on giving them, empower them, and making sure that they can stay and live comfortably on stocknet. Because we don't want, Stocknet is already a bet because it's not EVM compatible. You need to learn language, so we don't want to accumulate the layers of risks for them, so we try to make their lives easier. And regarding the distribution of the token. So actually it was pretty recently that we did ECMP programs to reward early community members of the community. So for a very long time, there was not even tokens involved. They didn't know that it would happen at some point. So it was not even a big driver, to be honest. Surprisingly, it came almost as a surprise and a bonus. And of course, everyone is happy now, but it was not, it's the cherry on the peak, but it was not a main driver for them, surprisingly. Maybe also because actually, somehow the fact that, you know, I guess almost no one knows that we had for a long time the grand program, because we don't communicate. We don't even communicate about it. Like it was really strategic, one to one grants to do something specific. And it was at the human scale, like you had to do one call with Louis who was doing this and whatnot. And we did not over communicate about that. So it was pretty organic. Again, it was also a filter of motivation. We identified people like for example, people active on discord, on asking good questions, etcetera, actively reaching out to them and checking if they wanted to do something and propose them a grant. So yeah, I think also this helped a lot.
Speaker A: I think this has been one of the biggest advantages that Starknet has had, which is that it hasn't necessarily needed to broadcast its asks, right? Like, hey, there's a grant program, come and collect the grant. It hasn't needed to market that because there are people very proximate to starknet who's like, oh, like, I'll take that, I'll run with that. Like, don't you broadcast that. I'm like right here, I'm already listening. You don't need to market this, right? Like I'll just go and do it. And any single project would just kill to have that kind of like community so proximate to them. If there was like a textbook written about the Starknet strategy over the last like two years for strategy for growth, strategy for like community adoption, just what would you say were like would be some of the most elements, most important elements that would be in that book. Like what are the big wins here?
Speaker B: First I would say focus on quality rather than quantity. Don't try to scale too fast. Again, I think take time to have a very strong organic kernel for the community that will then help you to snowball and to gather more people embracing our differences. Also I would say we have this motto in stocknet which is keep stacknets. It's actually the name of the GitHub organization of my exploration team. It's called Keep Stocknet. Strange.
Speaker A: That was a Vance Spencer line, right?
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: So embracing our differences and not trying to stimulate a copy past culture and like for example, stimulate people who have really crazy idea, something that almost everyone will say it will never work or it's crazy dumb. We never said these kind of things. We say, oh wow, that's pretty cool. Please do it. We'll help you. And we don't know what it will bring, but please do it. So yeah, embracing the differences, stimulate the open source culture early and also the synergies between projects. This is something that played well, I think because we know everyone. It was like a family. So it was really easy to identify potential synergies between two projects. You know, someone is working on an oracle, you know, defi project that needs an oracle. You connect them, they work together and the whole ecosystem grow. Yeah. Identifying and stimulating synergies between the projects. Accepting and embracing healthy competition. I would say like I think it was very smart move from Uri to directly have two wallets, Argent and Braavos, competing each other instead of just funding one big initiative. I think the stimulation was very healthy. And I think without Braavos coming, Argent would not be there yet, because they had to really differentiate themselves, innovate, keeping, adding features and whatnot. The focus on the diversity very early was very important because it helps to attract also different sets of developers. We have a very diverse stack, like we have rust, the ZGO, typescript and whatnot. So it helps also to attract people, because again, we don't want people to necessarily learn Cairo to be able to contribute meaningfully to stocknet. All the infrastructure is built without Cairo. So you can definitely contribute to stocknet without learning Cairo as a starting point. Few organic regions, first geographical regions, and then also I think that we did pretty good job. Once we had this strong kernel in Europe, we expanded to, I would say, emerging countries like LAtAM and Africa. Those are very strategic places that we try to expand right now. And I think that they also, those regions, they understand more naturally the need of crypto. It's not just about the tech, but they live in countries where they see the importance of crypto and they see what happens where you cannot trust your government or central banks and whatnot.
Speaker A: So a very big part of starknet, obviously, are the stark dads, Ellie and Uri. Can you talk a little bit about just their parenting, their parenting styles, the effect that they've had, the vacuums that they've left, either unintentionally or intentionally. Just talk about the parenting styles of these two father figures.
Speaker B: So those two father figures are very different and very complementary. So it was very amazing. So on one hand, you have Ellie, who is really the g brain figure of starkware, like the inventor of Starks and the genius of Matt and whatnot. So I think Elliot brings naturalists natural charisma and technical legitimacy and credibility of starkware and Starknet, while you have Uri, who is more focused on the operational side of things and also connecting humans. I think Uri was amazing in connecting the dots between people and also understand the business needs and how the operational aspect and the execution was super important. Like, Uri is really someone. It's impressive how close he is to all builders in the ecosystem. Literally, he knows almost every single one of them. He spent time during events in person to discuss with everyone, to give them advice on the business front and whatnot. So really Uri played an amazing role in that. And even for me personally, he was one of the main reasons why I joined Starcore. For example, I can give a small anecdote. So I was hesitating between two different options, and I discussed a lot in person with Uri. And I really, I was impressed by something that might be trivial, but he said, okay, if you join Starkware, we would want you to. To come to Israel and visit us at the office. But he directly thought that there might be some sensitivity for me. And he said, but of course, if this is something for context, because I'm Muslim, this is why I'm saying that. And he understood that it could be something sensible for me. It was not, actually, but it could have been. And I really admired the fact that it was not only about professional relationship, but always about the human beings behind those, and again, the social layer. So Uri is really someone amazing on that front. He has such a great level of empathy and whatnot. And it's funny because when people who don't know Uri would not think that from him, when you see him like that, I'm pretty sure that people think he's a distant CEO or whatnot, but it's clearly not the case. He's really close to almost every single builder in the ecosystem and whatnot. So he had to, unfortunately, step down for personal family issues. So I'm still very sad about it, to be honest. I really love Uri, but I think he was very brave in taking this decision because, you know, he could have just want to keep this option open depending on the future, we don't know. But he knew that it was potential risk for the company and the ecosystem. So he took the brave decision to step down definitively. And I think it was admirable. By the way, I also lost control after his announcements because I saw some very inhuman reactions to this announcement. Like people not caring at all about his personal situation and asking about the airdrop and saying very inhuman stuff. And I lost control, to be honest. It was one of the few times where I was controlled on Twitter. It escalated, actually. I don't know if you saw, but I used the word e beggar, and now it became something big, like a meme. And I got a lot of insults and death threats because of that. But anyway, sometimes it reminds me that we are human and also we have emotions, and sometimes it's hard to keep control on all circumstances.
Speaker A: So, yeah, I mean, I totally understand, especially when Ellie and Uri have created such a human level connection between the inside of the starkware, starknet culture. And then someone else is coming in not being sensitive to like reminding, not being reminded that there's a human on the other end of the conversation and obviously just being there for themselves. Like the airdrop farmers, the airdrop grifters are just rampant in this space and I consider them fodder. The human side can come out, but when everyone is just sounding exactly the same as the airdrop, they are drop hunters who don't really have any other interests in the space. I consider them not worth listening to. There are better ways to contribute to the conversation. I totally understand. As father figures there's both the role of being high touch with the child that is Darknet and then there's also being leaving it up to his own devices and stepping back and seeing what happens. Can you talk about any of these experiencers or their role or strategy with that?
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. It's an important aspect and it's hard to be honest to give the baby to both the community and to a foundation. So they had to hire some people to lead the foundation, like Diego, the CEO of the foundation and whatnot. So I think it was not an easy process, but I'm very happy that they understood that it was so important for the long term success of Starknet to decentralize early the governance and to have also some forces outside of starkware and to see Starkware as one of the core contributors of Starknet, but not the only one, and to focus on bringing more strong partners that will play a big role in stocknet developments. But yeah, it's not something easy and it creates some friction and to be honest, it slows down things. Also because you need to involve more parties in the discussions. You cannot decide everything unilaterally, but it's on purpose, of course, but it creates some friction. And I think that for example, some of our competitors, they don't have this overhead. Like they can decide everything unilaterally, they have the full control on their protocol, on their stack. Like for example for us when we do a network upgrade, we need to wait until all full nodes are ready, RPC providers, indexers and whatnot, and we don't develop those. So we are also coupled to the roadmap of external parties and whatnot. So I think it's good and healthy for the network because it's much more resilient and you have more guardians that can say if something is going wrong and whatnot. But it comes with a price, the price of the velocity of the development of the protocol. But I think regimen neutrality is super important and that Elie and Uri understood it well with the creation of the foundation and empowering people in the community and strong partners working with us on Stocknet.
Speaker A: What are the Stark Wary and Starknetty and starkers, what are they currently excited about? Obviously there's this very big event that we are all processing, but really just beyond that, there's a long future ahead. This is really just the beginning. What are people excited about? What are they building? What are they focusing on? What's most exciting in the Starknet ecosystem?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think there are multiple tracks, I would say the fee reduction track, the performance track and also the more features track and more unique features. Of course the coming things and it will be out also when the video will be there. But the integration of 4844 with the next ethereum upgrade, that will reduce fees. And actually we are pretty bullish and confident about that. Why? Because of our proving technology. Once you remove the cost of the DA, like if four hr, four works well, then what will matter most is the verification cost of the proof. Because right now, you know, the ratio is something like 95% of the cost is DA. Okay. And 5% only is the profication. So it's negligible right now. So our strengths of Cairo and that is not visible a lot right now. But once DA is not a problem anymore, it will be the case. So we are pretty confident that we'll have a very competitive fees after 4844. Then there is people are excited about volition, which is something that will be pretty unique, I think in stocknet which will be the ability for smart contract developers to choose their DA layer on a very granular level. So it won't be binary, it won't be either you are validiom or you are a roll up. You can choose on a very granular level to put some data and use ethereum as DA. And for some others you can use off chain daev or celestia or avail and whatnot. So it will be super powerful and I think it can bring new kind of applications where depending on the security level you will choose between different kinds of DA. But even in the same application, I don't know. But for example, if you have some NFT you want to put some important on chain metadata and you want to use Ethereum DA, but for some of them you don't care and then you can use extra help DA solutions. A lot of people are very excited about native account abstraction. That is again something very unique to stocknet. It's the only network where you have only native account abstraction. There are a few other networks where you have some account abstraction like on the casync, but you also have eoa and actually you have more because you have eoa, you have 43 37 context. Plus there are native account obstruction. So in terms of it creates some fraction in terms of UX and devx for application developers. When stacknet you don't have the choice, you have only native account abstraction. So people are excited and trying to implement very cool showcase of the power of native account abstraction. Like we have people who implemented some smart contracts where you can interact with them, unlocking your face id because you can literally implement whatever authentication logic you want in your contract. It's flexible in the protocol. So we see a lot coming in terms of Paymaster use cases, social finance use cases. We have a lot of people bullish and excited about crossover between forecaster frames and Stocknet. We see already a lot of stocknet builders building cool stacknet related frames. And then there is an ongoing topic which is performance. People on Stacknet ecosystem are really excited about optimizations and stuff like that. So one notable example will be this year the integration of Korn native, which is something that will bring a huge boost on the sequencer speed. Basically you can see it as completely removing the overhead of having a virtual machine, and you will execute everything like it was directly a binary program on the node. You can do that on the sequencer because you don't have to prove the execution on the proverb. Of course you cannot. But anyway, this is a huge performance improvement that is coming and that will again unlock a lot of things. And last example I would say is app change and layer three. We recently announced the implementation of ko verifier, which will effectively enable the creation of stocknet layer trees and use the fractal scaling thesis that we have pushed for the past years. Again, we are pretty different. It seems the industry is moving towards horizontal l two s like you have polygon with aggregate layer thesis. The op stack is like that also. And for the moment it seems that we are the only network who will put a strong emphasis on the fractal scaling thesis. So will be exciting to see how it plays. But I'm pretty bullish on layer threes and app chains in general because I think they will bring a lot of new features and innovative use cases. And you can see them also as canary networks for the public stockinette itself because you can experiment faster. Similarly to layer two can experiment faster than the layer one. You can have that on one layer above. So I'm very excited about that and builders in the ecosystem as well.
Speaker A: That's a lot of surface area for sure. There's a lot of things to touch on. One thing I've definitely been noticing is people came into the crypto ecosystem via starknet, via starkware, and that's where they grew their foundation and their identity, learned how to be a coder in web three and crypto, learned what that meant. And now these people have moved on from just being like hackers, hacking on projects at hackathons to starting to actually like, oh, I want to commit to one idea and have that be my business, have that be my startup, have that be my career. And so like there's a growing starknet mafia out there of people who have just been there. They are now no longer amateurs of Cairo, they are now experts of Cairo. And now at the same time starknet is maturing into this ecosystem that's self sufficient. So are the builders on top of it. Can you talk about just this arc of the Cairo builders and where they are pointing their efforts towards? What are the kind of class of startups that you're seeing being born around this arcnet world?
Speaker B: Yeah, I really saw the maturation of many of them starting exactly like you said, building some cool stuff on hackathon projects and very crazy ideas. And then they went through the process of learning and being experts and whatnot, and having some projects ideas and going into production grade mode and whatnot. So I really saw many of them grow and it was very impressive and really again, a lot of very young builders like 19 years old founders who are building crazy projects and whatnot. So, so now I think it's really a transition phase where we have the first cycle of very mature builders that are now experts in Cairo and have the possibility to run an actual business product on top of Stocknet. So this is the first wave of actual products that we see in production that are very interesting to name few of them. I would name avenue, which is the biggest Dex aggregator on stocknet and it has a very smooth ux and whatnot. So people start to compare it more and more to Jupiter on Solana in terms of the smooth ux and whatnot. And they are very shipping and they are very good in execution. Now they are working on very innovative features like gas less trading infrastructure, using Paymaster, stuff like that. We have Ekubo, but Ekubo is a bit an exception because it was already on OG. So it's moody from Uniswap and he left Uniswap to create the project on Stocknet and he started Ecubo, which is an immun. Univ. Four Imm like model with extensions and whatnot. So it's very powerful Imm, if I'm not mistaken, it should be the most capital efficient Imm in the whole crypto industry. We have very cool innovative projects again around AI and machine learning like Giza and those. By the way, it's an interesting example because it's an example of some projects that are using the Stocknet stack, but not strongly coupled to the public stocknet, like they can use the stack outside of the public stocknet. Another example is dojo. They are building games and you can deploy on Stocknet, but they are working also on layer threes on top of the op stack. Basically being able to have a Stocknet Appchain game that will settle on Opstack basically. So it's also an interesting aspect that Starquer really understood that for adoption it was important that Cairo itself and the stack is not strongly coupled to Stacknet. You can use the stack and use it elsewhere. I think it's good move for adoption and awareness of the language in the state and the stack. And we haven't tried to lock people to use Skywarn Stocknet. Also maybe another example which is in the real world asset vertical, which is carbonable. Working on the carbon industry, not focusing on the carbon credits market, but more on the supply, like basically tokenizing projects themselves, like real world projects that will produce some carbon credits over 20 years or something like that. And they tokenize the process of the issuance of the carbon credits and whatnot. And then they can build derivatives based on that and DeFi protocol using those projects.
Speaker A: Yeah, beautiful, Abdel. I mean there's a lot going on in the starknet ecosystem. What are you focused on? When we're done with this podcast, you're going to go back to work. What does that look like on your near term goals?
Speaker B: My near term goals, of course, I will start new exploration projects. So there are a few areas that I want to explore. One of them is account abstraction. I want really to find very disruptive use cases to showcase it. Really something that will be uniquely enabled by Stocknet and the native account abstraction. So I have few ideas I want to explore. Maybe to try to do some kind of on chain neo bank like experience, like where you have a vault and you can create some custom accounts with custom spending limits or different types of particularity like that, but in very smooth manner. I want to really leverage contention for this. I'm also focusing a lot now on the ecosystem front, because I'm now taking the head of the ecosystem. So I'm currently hiring a new team for the ecosystem. By the way, if you know some very cool people who would be a good fit, let me know. So I want to find new strategies to do what we did actually at scale. Because you know what, all the playbook I explained before, it's not really something easy to scale, to be honest. It worked at a very small medium scale for Bootstrap, the organic kernel. But if we want now to 100 x or thousand x the ecosystem, it won't work. We cannot use the same playbook because it involves a lot of human interactions, like doing 15 calls a day and whatnot. So now I'm trying to think about how to scale this at a way bigger scale. And also I want to work more now also with existing projects in other ecosystems, because we have now I would say 95% of native stocknet projects. But it will be also important to have strong EVM Ethereum projects coming also to Stocknet, and even beyond Ethereum. Actually, I think now I start to believe that in terms of developer acquisition, we should focus more maybe on non Ethereum ecosystems. Why? A few reasons. But first of all, I think that in ecosystems like Solana, Polkadot, Cosmos, first of all, they already went through the step of accepting that DVM is not the end game. They already went through the journey of learning a new stack, a new language from scratch, etcetera. So they are already in this mindset of accepting that there might be opportunities outside. So I think it can be more efficient for us to target more those devs. I think the marginal cost of learning Cairo to deploy on one more l two versus just deploy on 50 evml two s is not worth it for solidcdevs, I think. So I want to put more focus on bringing non Ethereum developers, but I'm wondering, I think for users, I think it's almost the opposite in a way, because what I'm thinking right now, but it might be wrong, is that there is no way that we can convince right now Solana users to come on stocknet because they accepted the trade offs and compromises of Solana. And if you don't care sufficiently about security level and decentralization of Ethereum, for you, Stocknet will always be worse than Solana because you will say it's more expensive, it's slower and whatnot. So I think at some point we can even compete with them on those levels, but not in the next two years, I would say realistically. So for the moment, I think our main user base will be probably on Ethereum, people who care sufficiently about decentralization and security.
Speaker A: Abdel, this has been fantastic. What other topics or stone have I not unturned that is important to the starknet community?
Speaker B: One maybe topic actually is I want to create more bridges between our community and Ethereum community. Because, you know, it's not on purpose that we don't mix our community during events. It's just because of the nature of the tech. For example, if we participate to eat global hackathon, we'll have a separate stocknet track. But you know, you have the choice between competing on on a 300K pool of EVM projects versus competing on just for the stock specific track. So usually it was not worth it for us to. But now I want to find some ways to have more connections between Ethereum community in general and Stocknet community also in terms of research. And I want more close connection with the EF and the research on Ethereum. We actually started to do more and more like that. I want also to push this year some eips. We are trying to identify some stuff that will be important for ZK rollups and generic analysts. Of course we don't want to push EIP just for us, but for all ZK rollups and we will try to push and work more. For example, this is something that I think optimism is doing well. They are contributing a lot on the layer one and I want us to do more like that. Yeah.
Speaker A: Abdel, this has been fantastic. I really appreciate you coming on and sharing your perspective. I hope that the names for the Starkware Stark netters can emerge because I would like to be able to use that name.
Speaker B: Yeah, we need to find a name. Definitely.
Speaker A: No, this has been fantastic. Abdel, thank you so much.
Speaker B: Thank you very much, David, thanks for having me.
