Speaker A: Wow. We. We're cooking today. It's a. What day is it? Wednesday. It's a Wednesday. The markets are booming. How are you feeling, chamber? I feel like, I mean, look, there's. People are saying that we started the bull run. They're out there saying it. I actually got called by three major news publications asking me to come on and talk about how we started the crypto bull run. So we're out here doing our part. How are you feeling all things?
Speaker B: I'm feeling pretty good. You know, when it's the. When you're in kind of the. The throes of the bear market sometimes, like, you know, we've done this enough that you're like, okay, well, if. If it's anything like it's happened in the past, it should do this. And then when it does those things, like. Like, it really reinforces, you know, playing by the rules a little bit more. Right. Like, okay, well, if. Okay, it's. It's definitely working. So if I do this, this and this, I should come out of this better than the last time, you know what I mean?
Speaker A: Totally, yeah. So what are those things that you're doing?
Speaker B: I'm still in waiting because I feel we had one. We've had, you know, a couple.
Speaker A: So, like, on a scale of, like, one to whole hog, how much of your hog here are we talking? Like, are we. Are you, like, are you. Do you have anything on the sidelines? Are you all allocated? What are we.
Speaker B: I'm allocated. I've. I don't.
Speaker A: You usually are.
Speaker B: I only get. I only go into, like, USDC. Like, I don't put any, like, new fiat into the market. I'm all grown new. Right. So we.
Speaker A: We simply just make more.
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker A: That's the way to do it.
Speaker B: But I'm only going into, you know, USDC and stuff like that. Or tethere, really. I only use it when I'm trying to time the top.
Speaker A: See, I'm the opposite. I think I'm a little. Which is wild for me to say, because I am the most risk on person I know in my personal life. However, I believe I'm a little more conservative. I have no problem just parking stuff in stables and chilling. And sometimes that catches me offsides. But that's okay. It's the life I live. For me, it's like, if I can't pay 100% attention, feel comfortable with, like, leaving it overnight or whatever, I'm okay being unstable. So for me, it's like, all right, I'm in my big majors. And those are just going to ride. The rest. I'll just pick from my, my USDC on positions I want to buy.
Speaker B: I mean, that's probably the smarter way to do it, but yeah, no, I don't want.
Speaker A: No one would say that I have smart, I'm smart at this. Like, that's. I've, I've survived for five years. I wouldn't say that.
Speaker B: I, first of all, you say five years. We're in year six, my friend, because I got an.
Speaker A: We've been doing this show.
Speaker B: We've been doing this. We've been doing this show for five years.
Speaker A: Version of this show.
Speaker B: Yeah, I quit. I tried to make a Pokemon reference with. I might be way off.
Speaker A: I saw that final form. We've reached our final form.
Speaker B: I didn't know what the exact Pokemon lingo was. I put the final evolution, but do they do a three? I feel like it's a. Is it a three tier evolution?
Speaker A: Yeah, it's usually three tiered evolution.
Speaker B: So, yeah, so we're on. We're on our final. Yeah, we're on our final evolution right now.
Speaker A: I think this is our final evolution. Like, I don't think we need to rebrand back to a crypto or NFT specific thing. I think we can talk about all of that under this umbrella.
Speaker B: I think that was, that was the vision when we did this is like, we wanted all the things we like to talk about, we're going to talk about. And a lot of that is going to be crypto, is going to be sports betting, is going to be AI, is going to be comedy and music and conspiracy theories and all the things we like to talk about, I feel. But I do want to get on the rankings once crypto podcasts are back in the.
Speaker A: Year. Yeah, I mean, I feel like we have to try to be back to our roots on those. By the way, congrats to our buddy Steve, who we talked about his book last episode. If you haven't picked it up yet, go to his pin messages on his profile, pick one up. But they ended up, number one trending on Amazon the other day.
Speaker B: Chamber, I'm so happy. Yeah. Just, I couldn't be more happy for Steve. He really works hard. He, as much shit as I give Steve, and it is aplenty. He works very hard in this space. And he is one of the best examples of just good folks working in the space, working hard, trying to, you know, bring our little world to the masses. So I just couldn't be happy for him.
Speaker A: He's a hustler, baby.
Speaker B: He just wants you to know.
Speaker A: He just wants you to know. That's it. It ain't where he's been, but where he's back.
Speaker B: You got it, man. So, yeah. Glad to hear that he was top trending on Amazon. That's phenomenal.
Speaker A: Yeah. And happy. Enjoy all of your trips if you are out there. Art basiling, uh, down in Miami, that looks like it's going to be quite the fun time. I've still yet to make it down to an art basel. Um, at this point, I probably won't ever, but, uh, I wish I was there this week because it's cold at my house, and it looks like people are going to have a ton of fun. Uh, so enjoy all of the events, enjoy all the art, enjoy your bags pumping together, and, uh, make sure you take some crazy videos of only dudes dancing in a circle. That hits the checklist.
Speaker B: It really does. It really does.
Speaker A: Right. Like, if you were making a scavenger hunt checklist for one of these events, that's definitely right.
Speaker B: Yeah. Just awkward chin beards dancing together.
Speaker A: I'm guilty of that. What else makes the checklist of a crypto iron?
Speaker B: Oh, there's got to be, like, you got to find, like, a dozen, uh.
Speaker A: For making the scavenger hunt. Like, what's on this?
Speaker B: So you have to find. It's all. It's all dude related. Like, it's, uh, uh, puffy vests. I want to see, like, you know.
Speaker A: That, like, I'm fucking wearing a puffy right now.
Speaker B: I love an executive puffy vest. That. That's what I'm looking to see. That's.
Speaker A: That's what I've got on. It's got a little fur around the collar. Like, I've got it on right now. I am walking crypto clean, top 40.
Speaker B: Under 40 right here, buddy. That's. That's great. Yeah, so that. That's always something I'm looking for. I don't know, like, what. What else?
Speaker A: Gotta have. Gotta have a. So here's. Here's some things that I would think. Got to take a picture with somebody with a mullet. Gotta have that one. That. Whether it's thread guy, GT, or any other of the mullet. Having fun.
Speaker B: What about somebody dressed up in a costume of some sort? I feel like there's always a costume.
Speaker A: Yeah. Like boots with the superhero for a foolproof plastic. Yeah, definitely some costume action going on. I feel like you've got to get. You got to meet one of these web three artists irl, whether it be a snow fro. Vinnie Hager, someone like that. That would be on.
Speaker B: You want about 30 seconds of video of any of the live music you're attending that night. I think that's a good one.
Speaker A: Yep. Gotta have it. Gotta have it. Because. Yeah, you gotta have that. Maybe one of the. Maybe a photo of the wildest Nft merch you see out there. I think that'd be a good one as well. We could really make this for the next time we're all.
Speaker B: Is Gary Vee gonna be there? Because, like, that's the pinnacle, is like a very picture of him, not with them, but just like a snap of him.
Speaker A: Honestly, I feel like the way this is going. Steve's gonna make these. Gotta get the picture with Steve Deep.
Speaker B: Absolutely. Yeah. Just a picture of his hair, I think would be great. That would be nice. Or his Adam's apple.
Speaker A: All right, so you both in the same picture.
Speaker B: It's hard to get. It's hard to get. You need two phones.
Speaker A: All right, I need. So where do you want to go today? Do you want to talk, like, deep crypto? Do you want to go? Nonsense. I have a bone to pick with you. Do you want to go there?
Speaker B: I just want to touch on. So I mentioned six years for both of us because we both got into crypto in the same year. You got in, I feel, a few months earlier than I did.
Speaker A: Yeah. May 2017, my first crypto bot.
Speaker B: So I got a Twitter notification this morning.
Speaker A: Happy anniversary. I saw that.
Speaker B: I created. I forget what. I know what it was called. I was going to pretend like I didn't know what it was called at the time, but I created my crypto Twitter or crypto Twitter handle six years ago today. So it's a separate Twitter account for crypto. I believe at the time it was. I couldn't get crypto chamber, so it was c crypto chamber, which stood for canadian crypto chamber. Yeah. That was the original handle with a mister dress up avatar.
Speaker A: And we all now know what a pervert Mister dress.
Speaker B: He sure is. He sure is. I remember trying to get on. Remember, like, the hashtag FX, like, the fun follow Fridays. I remember trying to get in on those.
Speaker A: Yeah, that was like, the way to. That was the way to, like, get grow. Your account back then was, like, coordinated follow.
Speaker B: Absolutely. It was terrific. And my sneaky move, what I would do is I would retweet them, but I would add my handle in the retweet and didn't work. I remember one of our bigger friends caught me and called me out. I forget who it was. I don't know if it was, like, socal back in the day or something like that. I remember being called out for it and not feeling that guilty about it, but I didn't realize that my crypto Twitter anniversary is also the same. I share a birthday with dogecoin because today is the 10th anniversary of Doge. Today.
Speaker A: Wow. Wow. Was doge your first?
Speaker B: No, no, I didn't buy doge until, like, my second bull run. I think, like, I didn't buy it in that first, you know. You know, 2017. 2018. I probably didn't get it to, like, 2019, 2020.
Speaker A: Understand? Yeah, that's, uh, interesting. I. So congratulations on your anniversary. Congratulation. Happy birthday, doge. Happy birthday, Chambers Twitter account. I gotta tell you, like, uh, the. The dozens of people that see your tweets really, really appreciate you out there. Um, and I don't know what they would do without you. I don't know what I would do without you. So, thankfully, you made that Twitter account, and I'm blessed to be your co host, so appreciate it.
Speaker B: I do feel this bull run is our bull run. This is. This is where.
Speaker A: It's certainly yours. It's. This is the bull run. This is the bull run in which you get to ten k. It's got to be, right?
Speaker B: Like, I know I'm not for everybody.
Speaker A: I mean, you got to tweet some things of actual value. That's.
Speaker B: I know it's. It's tough. It's tough. I have trouble filtering myself properly, but we'll get there.
Speaker A: Well, that's. That's what happens, right? It's like, you take one follower forward and two backs.
Speaker B: It happens.
Speaker A: You've lost 12,000 followers to the 6000 followers, I believe.
Speaker B: I don't know if that's true, but I believe that's true.
Speaker A: Oh, I believe it's true. Very much so. Yeah, I definitely believe so. Hold on. Hitting up a couple of these comments. Uh, Roman, as soon as I hit the shower, never made it as a wise man. Never made it as a poor man stealing nickel back vibes. I love that. Um, von Fronten dropped a picture of himself in the car listening to us wearing a puffy vest, so. Yep. And then Steve, the thought of bunch of bets, washing his armpits in the shower while singing one week by b and l and thinking, I'm crushing. This is incredible. Yes. That's exactly what happens. You know, chickadee, China, the chinese chicken baby.
Speaker B: That's amazing.
Speaker A: You want to go to the bone?
Speaker B: Yeah. Pick away. Pick away.
Speaker A: Well, it's maybe more on me than it is on you. And I might need some reinforcements or maybe, like, I don't know, we're just going to have to see which side we land on here. It's not often that I hit you with a show recommendation. It's usually the opposite way around. Usually. You are the one I'm asking you for. Television show recommendations. Would you say that's accurate? Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think for the most part. But you've definitely given me a couple of good records over the years.
Speaker A: Yeah, sure. But I would say usually the dynamic is me asking you, and I don't think you've ever given me a bad one. Actually, I think most of yours, if not all, have been very solid. I would say sevens and above. Right. I texted you unsolicited the other day, and I gave you a show to watch because I'm watching it and I'm thoroughly enjoying it. I love it. And you told me that you watched it today for 15 minutes and turned it off.
Speaker B: For the record. For the record, I. Because it was unsolicited. Like, you were so adamant. Like, I'm like, oh, no, this.
Speaker A: Well, first of all, you haven't given enough chance. 15 minutes was not enough time.
Speaker B: It was enough to know that I wasn't gonna like it.
Speaker A: It's not. No, it is totally not.
Speaker B: Okay, continue. I'll let you finish.
Speaker A: Have you seen the movie?
Speaker B: I have not seen the movie.
Speaker A: Okay. So I get this, though.
Speaker B: I mean, that being said, I get the gist of the movie.
Speaker A: Well, in the movie, they are getting, right? No. So the. For those waiting for the punchline here, there isn't a punchline, but the reveal. I've been watching the squid games, the challenge on Netflix, and I've been loving it. I feel like it is the best game show slash strategy slash, like, reality television show that I maybe have ever watched in terms of, like, you know, comparing it to the normal reality tv game shows. Right. Like a survivor, a big brother, things of that nature. This ranks super high up there for me. I think there's so much, like, strategy and game theory and all of this going on. And it's squid game. It's an elimination thing where it starts with 456 players, and they play these games and then they're eliminating each other. And all this to get down to one winner. And the pot that they win is $4.56 million. So it's not a small amount.
Speaker B: That is a big pot. That was. It's huge.
Speaker A: It's the biggest. It's the biggest prize I've ever seen on a game show. It's so, like. I mean, the further you get along in, it gets really intense, and there's a lot of crazy strategy that goes on, and people kind of conniving and backstabbing, all that good stuff. I thought you had seen the movie, so that was part of my recommendation. So I've also seen the movie. I thought the movie was great. A second movie's coming out, but I thought it was really, really good. You gave it 15 minutes and said, nah. So tell me why.
Speaker B: I was working from home today, and Amber, she's like, oh, let's bring some lunch in. So I ordered some lunch. Lunch gets here. I said, hey, we usually watch something while we're having lunch. So I said, bunch texted me the show recommendation, and, you know, he doesn't do that very often. And, you know, the way you described it, I'm like, well, I got excited about it. Like, I was. You know, I wanted to. I wanted to like it. But that being said, I do not like, like big brother or survivor or whatever.
Speaker A: Well, that's partially why I.
Speaker B: Exactly, yeah.
Speaker A: Because I thought you would like it better than those shows. Yeah.
Speaker B: So, taking that. I knew that you knew that, so I kind of. I'm like, oh, this is. This is gonna be really good. And we throw it on, and immediately, like, within two minutes, I just. Hearing the people talk, and they speak like they're on a reality tv show. Like a reality game show, whatever you wanna call it.
Speaker A: Yeah, because it is.
Speaker B: Yeah, I know. Well, see, I'll make my defense in a second, but. So they immediately start talking about, like, you know, they're highlighting certain people who are, in my opinion, unlikable. Like, even the ones that are trying to make, like, I don't like you.
Speaker A: Most of them.
Speaker B: Yeah. Like, I don't like any of these people. I wish they were using real bullets. Like, if they were really killing people, then I would 100% be watching this.
Speaker A: Well, hold on. We're not in there yet, so keep going.
Speaker B: So I get to the first one, and it's the. I think it's. Again, I've never seen it, but I've. It's so. It's such a part of pop culture that I feel like I got, like, 40, 50% of what the show is or, like, the movie and stuff like that. Right?
Speaker A: Yeah. You get Squid game if you haven't seen squid game. It's this movie about, you know, these 450.
Speaker B: I didn't know that. I didn't know there was 456 people in the movie like that. I didn't know that part. I knew there was.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's like it mimics the. It mimics the movie, right? Like, all of them, they get picked up off the street in the movie, and they go to this thing, and they're taken to this, you know, kind of warehouse, and they're all separated from each other, and then they compete in these games to be the last one standing to win all this money. That's the whole gist. And if you don't, you die, which.
Speaker B: I'm totally in for. I love. But, yeah, the whole time. So, anyways, the first game starts, and it's the one that everybody knows. It's the huge red light green. Yeah, it's the huge doll. It's red light green light. She turns around, people run. When she turns back, whoever moves gets shot. And so that's happening. And at first I'm like, what are they going to do? Because I don't think they're going to kill people unless I'm going to be.
Speaker A: Yes. So you're right here. This part was a little corny to me as well.
Speaker B: So I'm like, I don't think they're going to kill people, but am I going to be pleasantly surprised? And I wasn't pleasantly surprised. They had. They were getting hit with paintballs. And then I'm like, oh, that's. I'm like, this is. There's, like, 456 people there. I'm like, are there, like, like, extremely good paintball, like, snipers that are, like, behind the doll shooting these people? Because that'd be cool. And then I realized shortly thereafter that they have, like, squids.
Speaker A: They're, like, wearing them on their.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's like the, you know, like, blood packs in movies. You know what I mean? Where they just explode. Yeah.
Speaker A: But the corny thing is, they must instruct them to, like, act like they got to get over that there was.
Speaker B: A son and his mom, and that was supposed to be, like, the heartwarming one. And I'm like, this nerd and his mom is old lady mom, I hope, get shot. There was. Yeah, there was just the two buddies immediately. Like, oh, we're going to make it to the end. Like, one guy dies immediately. Like, I got it. But it was just too. It was just too much. Like, it reminded me too much of those other shows. Like, just. Just the. Just the contestant part of it. Like, the way they spoke. They talked about, you know, what do you call it? Like, alliances and stuff like that and, like, backstabbing. And I'm like, I don't like this. So that all being said, all right, fair enough.
Speaker A: So you're just not into these types of shows.
Speaker B: I watch one reality game show, and immediately, as soon as I turn this one off, I.
Speaker A: It's about, like, naked being naked, buddy.
Speaker B: If you haven't watched alone, I still think you need to watch alone, and you will have a new favorite reality tv show because it is the best one. So I immediately started looking. I'm like, I need some alone now that I've, like, I've been teased with, like, reality, like, you know, game show, I'm like, I need some alone. And I found the now there's alone uk that just dropped, and I'm going to be watching that tonight. So I watched alone Australia. I watched the six seasons of North America or seven seasons of North America.
Speaker A: So it was more. So the fact that it just still is exactly shows not so much the actual concept. See, I think the. I thought the concept is, like, one of the better ones.
Speaker B: I agree. I agree. I mean, how much I thought I could you watch it if it was killing people? Like, if it was straight up killing.
Speaker A: People, like, I watch actual squid game. Well, I actually think, like, we're in season one of this, and, like, if it gets as popular as I think it could, like, you're probably looking at a, you know, a glimpse into the future.
Speaker B: What about your shot?
Speaker A: There's probably. There's probably a future 10, 20, 30 years from now where, like, I. Humans are totally cool. Like, the AI, where humans are, like, totally cool.
Speaker B: Watching it'll gladiator in my mind, it's a slow progression. Like, first they'll introduce, like, you get hepatitis C. You know what I mean? You don't get killed, but you get shot it with a dart that has hepatitis C. Then it's like HIv, you'll still live, but then it's bullets. Then it's just straight up bullets after that.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's it. I agree. I think it's probably where it's headed. All right, we got. We got two hands. Uh, first we'll go to pay and pay and GM.
Speaker B: Gm. Um, I was really just going to say that the fact that you got 15 minutes, I feel like, is.
Speaker C: Is massive.
Speaker A: Maybe that's a win. It is.
Speaker B: It was me and Morgan recommended a movie, and he said he gave it about two minutes.
Speaker A: Two minutes of a movie.
Speaker B: Yeah. So Morgan and Payne recommended Dune to me, and I watched it for two minutes, and I gave up on it, but they did say, go back and watch it again. You'll like it. And I think I gave it another shot and didn't like it. And then on the third time, I watched all of it, and I loved it. So, you know, maybe there's still hope for me.
Speaker A: I'm just like, sorry, I forgot to take myself off mute. I was talking to myself. The. I have a follow up question here, and this is, it's okay to answer honestly here. Chamber. When somebody gives you a recommendation like this, uh, doesn't necessarily need to be mine per se, but, like, in general, somebody gives you a recommendation and, uh, you don't like it, does this change your opinion of the person?
Speaker B: So I would say if anybody gives me a recommendation, the first thing I'm thinking of is where that person sits in the hierarchy of people that I know. Okay. Like, are you down towards the bottom or you close?
Speaker A: We're not. So is this pre actually giving it a chance, or are we post.
Speaker B: No, no pre giving it a chance. So you give me a recommendation.
Speaker A: Okay, so you're basically saying from the start, you're stack ranking the person. You're putting the person who gave you the recommendation.
Speaker B: Exactly. My mom tells me to watch something, or my dad tells me to watch something. You know, I'm probably, like, based on television or movie experience, I'm probably gonna take a lot of their recommendations. But you know yourself, pain, higher regard when it comes to those types of recommendations. So when you now, what about post?
Speaker A: This is you. You get the recommendation, you choose to watch it, and you don't like.
Speaker B: No, I don't. It doesn't change my opinion of the person, because I know that you like that style of show, and I've already, I've. That information is already in, like, built into your ranking. So you're still high up even knowing that I know you like those types of shows. Do you know I'm saying?
Speaker A: All right, fair enough. Yeah, I was trying to flip you. That's really what it was. I thought, I thought this would have enough cache to flip you. And I get it. I understand why I didn't. I'll go back to the drawing board on this. Let's. Let's get circles opinion here. He was a thumbs up being alone. So he either loves to get naked or also watches the show. Circles, GM, GM.
Speaker D: So three things. One, I'm pretty sure squid games was a tv show, although released by Netflix, not necessarily a movie. I believe it was episodic. So we need to fact check y'all on that one thing number two.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Alone.
Speaker D: Pretty banging all.
Speaker A: You're correct, actually, now that I'm thinking about it, I think it was a ten part. Yes.
Speaker D: Alone is different from naked and afraid or whatever that other one is. Alone, you're dropped in with ten items, and then you're just in the.
Speaker A: In general alaskan wildlife, nobody gets naked and alone.
Speaker B: No, there's. People get naked. People definitely get naked and alone. A lot of it's bathing and that type of thing. Yeah. But not surviving the nude.
Speaker D: I'm 100% here for alone. I was pretty excellent.
Speaker A: Last thing.
Speaker D: I do have a recommendation for chamber, and I feel like it might do well because it's kind of in that same vein of your, like, two people who are doing it as opposed to a single person. Double seven to a million. The catch is they're not competing against each other. They're just trying to complete the challenges to potentially win up to a million dollars. And all the challenges are zero zero seven based. I don't know. You might enjoy it. I did. But it doesn't have that, like, reality tv show vibe of, like, forming alliances and stuff. It's just you got, like a father and son, two brothers, friends, et cetera, just going off and doing that shit.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay. Probably not gonna watch it, but I appreciate the recommendation nonetheless.
Speaker D: It hurts a little. Definitely made me want to go down the zero zero seven movie. Yeah, but they do that. But it's a little.
Speaker B: No, I mean, I appreciate any recommendations, but I will. Again, Bunch is held in such high regard when he independently messages me something.
Speaker D: Hey, Bunch, can you watch zero zero seven road 2 million and then recommend that to chamber?
Speaker B: No, he's already.
Speaker A: Well, I've learned my lesson now. I'm never, ever, ever trying. I feel like, you know, there's this dystopian future where we all have a social credit score, and I am not trying to damage my social credit with chamber. So that is the last time I'll be recommending any type of competition show to chamber. And I've just. I get it now. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: Yeah. And again, this does not change your, however, circles.
Speaker A: I will watch the show because I'm into those shows. So I will give them a chance. So shoot me those, because I'm always looking for new stuff to watch.
Speaker B: And circles, also, if you haven't watched alone, Australia, highly recommend. That was.
Speaker A: That's where they get naked with.
Speaker B: It was wild. That one was one of my favorite. Highly recommended salon.
Speaker D: I found a lot. Is that one non hulu as well.
Speaker B: I don't have. In Canada, we don't have Hulu. I don't know where I find it here. I'd have to. I'd have to go back and look. I don't know where it shows up. I think I get it on Amazon Prime. I might be wrong.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker D: But I'll check out Amazon because we've got prime.
Speaker B: But, yeah, so I don't know, just if they start. If they start cranking up the, you know, the danger in squid game, let me know, because I'm definitely any sort of, you know, long term illness.
Speaker A: So it takes real. It takes real danger.
Speaker B: Yeah. Some amount of danger. Long. Yeah. Lifetime illness. You know, I don't know, something. Yeah. The stakes need to be a little bit higher for me.
Speaker A: Yeah. Love it. All right. I mean, look, it's fair. So I just wanted to make sure that you gave it the appropriate, fair shake and that, you know, like, it's mostly just because you don't like those.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. Exactly.
Speaker A: A couple more things to comment up in the comments, specifically, live from Miami, coffee with captain tomorrow. Set your reminders up there. And Ian wholeheartedly agrees with chamber. Alone is so good. All right. So alone's got to go on my list.
Speaker B: You'll love it. Like, if you love reality. Like, it's so good.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. It sounds like something I'd be into. So I will definitely give that one a watch, and then I'll hit up circles. 1st 0071. But, yeah. Where do you want to go from here, buddy?
Speaker B: Let's.
Speaker A: You see, some big new AI news came out.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah? What happened? I didn't know. I've been too busy watching charts.
Speaker A: Watching charts? Watching charts and ripping darts, chamber chambers, bull market vibes.
Speaker B: I have been ripping darts lately, too, so it's accurate.
Speaker A: All right, let's. We'll hit up your chart talk first, and then we'll end it off with some AI talk.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, there's not. Honestly, not much. I feel like we've had a pretty big move in the last few days. We were really cooking yesterday.
Speaker A: Are we. Are we nearing resistance?
Speaker B: I mean, we hit resistance on doge and then pulled back, I believe we did on bitcoin as well. Yeah. An hour just. Just resting on top of support right now. We'll see where it goes. But there could be, this could be a multi move over the next week or two. You know what I mean? So it's kind of like a wait and see right now. So I don't know, like I don't anticipate a major pullback right now. Like, I could see some follow through. I think it's just today, maybe we're just cooling off a little bit because we just been non stop for like a week, I think. So having like a down day or two might not be a bad thing, and then we can kind of continue. I find there's still some room for eth to move. Like I said, bitcoin, you know, we're resting on 43 six right now. A move to 47. Maybe a little piercing of that could happen. So we'll see, but it'll probably happen over the next couple of weeks. And then, like we said, last episode will trickle down to all the other stuff into the new year. But that's all I'm doing right now, is just kind of monitoring and seeing what happens. But, yeah, as far as everything else goes, yeah, just. Just wait and see. And then hopefully we get some sort of just shitcoin craziness in the new year where we can make some real money. That's where I get really excited, is after the majors move, and then we get just some bonkers stuff that could happen. That's when you can see your 10, 20, 50 xs. You know what I'm saying?
Speaker A: Tell me where we are with ETH and how are you evaluating this?
Speaker B: I don't know. Like, to me, the ETH BTC pair is really tasty right now.
Speaker A: I could see that's really where, that's where I was going, actually, because I was like, are we going to catch up here?
Speaker B: I think so. Like that. That's my thought. I feel like everything else moved. Like doge moved. And I still think doge has more to move also. But there could be a little bit more for bitcoin. And then, like I said, this could be the local top at like 43, 44. We could see maybe a local top at about. Maybe 47 or 48. But once that kind of starts to chop, like, when we pull back and kind of start getting our sea legs on bitcoin, I could definitely see ETH BTC moving hard and catching up. Where we could see EtH price right now we're at about 22.50. I think we could see ETH as high as $2,800 from here. There's stops at 2425, 50 and then 2800. But I could see if the ETH BTC pair moves. You could see, yeah, it wouldn't shock me. And then after that, then it's, you know, it could be party time for the other stuff, for the more Djen plays. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Yeah, I do know what you mean. And that is exciting. We have a question here for you specifically from Steve. Question for chamber. At what point do you start taking money off the table into stock stables? Or do you just keep DCA, BTC, ETH and doge?
Speaker B: Great question. I go back into stables when I think we are in euphoria. I usually, and it's hard to tell when you're in like, that euphoric, when the market is in that euphoric stage. I mean, usually the charts indicate it, but I'm not going back into just, you know, as far as numbers go, I'm not going back into USDC until we see new all time highs. Like, that's for me, that's like, you know, 100k bitcoin is.
Speaker A: You're looking. You're looking for. If I. If I know you, you're waiting for what you could potentially point to as, like, blow off.
Speaker B: Exactly. That's all I'm looking for. So whether that's 100k bitcoin tend and.
Speaker A: Explain what a blow off top looks like to those who may not look at charts as close.
Speaker B: So it's basically a line that goes straight up in the air, usually over the course of like a few days. It might be a weekly blow off top. It might be a daily blow off top. But yeah, it'll be where you'll just know the timeline is going to be crazy. You'll be hearing million dollar bitcoin. You're going to be hearing, you know, Fox News and CNBC and MSNBC or whatever it is, CNN, MSNBC. They'll be all be talking about bitcoin going.
Speaker A: K money will have like ten videos.
Speaker B: What's his name? Jim Cramer will be. Whenever Jim Cramer says to buy more bitcoin, that's when we all sell. Because I believe about a month and a half ago, Jim Cramer said to sell all bitcoin, and it's gone nothing but up since then. So you can counter trading. Jim Cramer is always a dude's got.
Speaker A: Like a perfect fate.
Speaker B: Believable. It's unbelievable.
Speaker A: I don't get it. I don't even understand how it's possible.
Speaker B: It's.
Speaker E: Wait, what's best? Is it the reverse Kramer or the Nancy Pelosi?
Speaker B: That's a good question. I'm more of a. More of a Jim Cramer fader, but yeah, it's. But that's. That's really what I'm looking for. I'm looking for, you know, my parents like, my parents are calling me. I got uncles and aunts. I want to get into bitcoin. I'm showing my, you know, I'm showing my wife how much money we're making. I start thinking about.
Speaker A: You're catering family events.
Speaker B: I'm catering family events. I'm looking to buy a second home. Like, these are the things.
Speaker A: This is actually really good. Is actually good information, right? Like, when you find yourself checking zillow for new home prices, you know, you're probably very close.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Like, it seems like such a funny thing, but it's things you do when you feel rich, right? When you feel like, oh, I'm invincible up, only nothing bad can ever happen. And, like, you gotta be aware of that stuff.
Speaker B: Like when I start calling my financial planner and really just laying down some.
Speaker A: Numbers, just firing him. No, I don't need you anymore.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's, that's usually, it actually works out well.
Speaker A: J Web said, j Webb said, last bull run, he was looking at private jet.
Speaker B: It's the. It's real, it's real, it's real. That is a real thing.
Speaker A: But that's what I mean. Like, so you got to be aware of that. That's the time to. Because it's going to happen and you're going to feel confident. You're going to screenshot and send it to somebody, and then it goes back to, they think you're a loser, and then they come knocking at your door again three years later when it's time to do it.
Speaker B: All circle of life, man. So, yes, that's when I go into USDC. I try to catch myself. And then usually when I call my financial advisor, that's when I start making smart decisions, like going into USDC, taking money out of the ecosystem.
Speaker A: You're still not paying taxes.
Speaker B: Speaking of, I got a tax story for you after. But that's. That's when I start making smart decisions, because I'm bragging to my financial advisor, and he wants to see the money. And then, so I send him, I send them wire transfers.
Speaker A: Know that you can actually buy a fraction of bitcoin.
Speaker B: I send them wire transfers. And he puts that into traditional finance markets. And I feel better. I feel better about myself because I can still always.
Speaker A: So I will say, like, though, I think the question depends. The answer to the question depends. Depends on your strategy as well, in terms of, is this money that you plan on touching for any other reason? Right? Like, I think for you, right? Like, you've got your crypto stash, that's your crypto stash. Right. It's not like you're cashing out to pay.
Speaker B: Oh, no, I do that too. I do that. So I do use, like, even throughout the bear markets, I use my crypto funds to enhance my lifestyle. So I do, you know, I take out.
Speaker A: Yes. My larger point though is, like, when you're doing that, right? When you're doing that, I think the change over between, like, you're probably more prone to USDC if you're doing those things than if you're kind of just treating this as like long term investment bags. Do you relate to that?
Speaker B: I would say, like, throughout this last bear market, what I, what I do whatever I have the most of and whatever I think is going to have the least amount. I usually use Eth, for the most part, bitcoin, for whatever reason, I don't like cashing out, even though that's going to have the least amount of multiples in. In any bull market. You know what I mean? Like, you're gonna see the least amount of growth on bitcoin versus ethereum or doge if you're buying them at the. During the bear markets. You know what I mean? Like, if you're buying bitcoin at 15 grand and it goes to 100k, it's great, but it's much. It would have probably been a better move to buy ethereum at. I don't know how. I forget how low we got. Did we go to 1000 this year?
Speaker A: I mean, at the very, very lowest, we went under 1000 to like eight.
Speaker B: Yeah. So even if you bought, say you.
Speaker A: Bought wasn't last year, it wasn't in 2023, that was like 2022, mid 2022.
Speaker B: Yeah. So even if you bought it then, if it goes to. If you say you bought it 1000 and ethereum goes to ten k in this next bull run, then it's a. That's a ten x as opposed to bitcoin would have been like a six x, you know what I'm saying? So I try to. The money that I convert out of the market is usually from the bigger market cap tokens that I have. But for whatever reason, I never use bitcoin. I usually just use Ethereum because I know I'm going to make more ethereum. As kind of the bull market continues. I just send Ethereum to a wallet in an exchange that I have in Canada here and convert it to canadian dollars. And then I did have a Quadriga account. But no, this is a solid for any canadian listeners. I use Coinsquare and they've been pretty good to me. I've been using them for six years, it turns out. Yeah.
Speaker A: Wow. All right, we got a couple comments that I want to get to. Caps commented and said it's time to sell when you're spending 25 on fireworks.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's definitely a good. There's so many red flags in my life. When the market is hot. I have to imagine everybody has their own red flags. So just be aware of your red flags.
Speaker A: And, well, that's what I'm saying. Right? Like, everybody's got them. So, like, figure, like, write down what they are before this happens. Right. So, you know, you're like, oh, shit. I just caught myself looking for a, you know, a new home, a lake house, or I heard.
Speaker B: I heard my buddy ledger talking about his lake house the other day, that he was doing the same thing. He was like, I want my. I want my lake house. And during the.
Speaker A: Yeah, the other comments were from Ian. He says, so you're telling me just to keep my face glued to the Degen discord in the new year? I think probably accurate. You'll get a lot of alpha in there when things are happening, and you'll get a lot of good insights. So it's been popping the last couple.
Speaker B: And there are some very good traders in there, too. Like, we.
Speaker A: Our guys are really all the night guys are top, top, top notch. They know what they're doing, not their first rodeo. You'd be wise to learn from them. And then, speaking of night shift hosts, JP Kaz says that the reverse Kramer sounds like a sexual. And I said, the reverse Kramer is something you can only ask for on your.
Speaker B: That's right. It's a once a year type of thing.
Speaker A: It's too dangerous, really.
Speaker B: Hey, and shout out to. Shout out to JP, too. I know you tweet. I don't think it's. He tweeted out, so I hope he feels better. He's going through some stuff I did. I don't know if you saw the tweet I responded to in his. In his tweet, but I didn't.
Speaker A: I I just. I can assume it was terrible, terrible person I have. But because something like those are rookie numbers.
Speaker B: He said he. In his tweet, he said, you know, blah, blah, blah, blah. You know, I'm in excellent condition or excellent health or excellent, excellent question mark. But, yeah, JP is one of my soul brothers. We're very, very similar that way. So I know. I would enjoy that in terms of your physical, just our wit and type of comedy. And I know if I wasn't feeling well and I tweeted something like that out and he said something, it would make me feel better. So I just wanted to do the same for him.
Speaker A: I asked him how he was feeling.
Speaker B: Like a normal, nice person. Yeah, that's not, that's not who JP is, by the way.
Speaker A: No, I know, but that's how I roll. I understand. I get it. JP kaz is like you.
Speaker B: Yeah, we're similar that way.
Speaker A: All right, we got a couple minutes left. Let's go to mister House. Mister House. Gm.
Speaker C: Gmdeh yeah. I didn't want to burst chambers bubble, but I figured he was going to say it and he did shortly after I jumped up. I may have the date incorrect, but I believe it was November 28 that jim Cramer went on mad money and decided he has flipped bullish on bitcoin. So there's one of your red flags.
Speaker A: What did you say that date was like?
Speaker C: November 28 was right.
Speaker A: So chambere, to your, to your credit, you, I do remember you tweeting multiple times selling people or telling people to sell in December. So this still tracks.
Speaker B: That's good. That's good. This is, there is not going to be any positive numbers in January for bitcoin. I really doubt it. I believe January.
Speaker A: I mean, that's like a historic thing.
Speaker B: Yeah. And that's kind of what you have to look at, at least with so many of these cycles, it just plays out so similarly each and every time too.
Speaker A: Like that, like that stuff play like bitcoin. If you look at historic bitcoin prices in price action in January, I think it's down almost every January in the last eight years.
Speaker B: I mean, it's Q four and Q two. Those are the, those are the ones you want to mess with.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Well, the other thing along that track that I've been looking at and pondering a lot is if you look at the bitcoin chart in the years leading up to the having, it's that exact kind of number. We get this big run up and then right around like late December, early January, it's just a freaking ghost town. Massive, massive plummet. But yeah, I mean, I remember just recalling to last year around end of December, January, there was literally nothing going on, no trades to be made. EtH went down from like 1600 to 1200 or something like that. And there was just nothing happening. So I'm curious to see how it plays out this year.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'd probably imagine it's gonna and, uh, probably follow a similar path there. But that doesn't mean 2024 is going to be bad, by all means. It's just. It's actually probably the opposite. But, uh, I definitely think you'll see a lull in January, as history suggests, but maybe not. Who knows? All right, I do. See, we had blockchain ninja up here, had his hand up, but I want to make sure we get to him if he had anything else to say before we close this thing down. Blockchain ninja.
Speaker E: I just kind of wanted to share when, and let everyone else in on it as well, since y'all were talking about, like, stuff going up, there was. I thought it was a shit token called domi, or dummy. Apparently, it's not a shit token. Like, it's an actual token token. So I'm in a dow. That's like a little investing group, I guess you could say. And this was one of the plays that I suggest we get into below a penny. It's now almost $0.08, but I guess it has a game on Avax. It has, yes.
Speaker C: The domed online tokenization. The game, yeah. Solid.
Speaker E: Yeah. I thought it was a shit token. I got into it at, like, one.
Speaker A: Where are you at?
Speaker B: I only.
Speaker A: Listen, where are you on this? Chambers over here, just with bit Lord on note, you missed an eight x here.
Speaker B: Sorry? Bit Lord's gonna bring me my hundred.
Speaker E: X. I'm 20 x right now. On it. Like, I got into it at a million, and it's a 20 point something million market cap.
Speaker A: Now, let's go. All right, well, real quick, where did you find that? So, like, maybe we can get a little insight on how to dig for stuff, less dig for value here.
Speaker E: So, during one of our last DAO meetings, this was on the 22nd. I was literally just looking through the contracts being posted to dextools. So if you go to dextools, and I'll do it right now as I'm talking to you guys, so I can walk you through it. If you go to Dextools IO, make sure it's IO, then click on live new pairs. You'll see stuff pop up all the time. And this was one of the tokens that I saw when it was posted. I got into it, like, I don't know, ten minutes after it was actually made. The contract wasn't even verified yet. It had no socials attached to it. Like I said, I thought it was going to be a shit token, and turns out it's a legitimate thing, but, yeah, that's how you can check for, like, new cryptos and stuff.
Speaker A: That's. That's good. Alpha for your research as you go into this potential bull season to find new stuff. Because a lot of this depends on your ability to kind of understand what's happening in real time and disseminate information. So that's a good one, mister House to you. And then chamber. We'll save the AI stuff for Friday.
Speaker C: Yeah, I'll keep it brief since I know you guys are wrapping up. And sorry if my dog starts barking over me, but there's a huge play to airdrop meta that seems to be starting within the gaming part of web three. So gamefi. I've got a few games that are doing it probably like four or five. So if anyone's interested in those, I'll drop them in the war room.
Speaker A: Did we lose them or did I, was that me?
Speaker C: Oh, wait, yeah. Did you lose me? Can you hear me?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: I was saying there's a bunch of games that are doing. If you play their game while it's in beta, you can qualify for their airdrop. The more you play, the bigger airdrop allocation you get. You want to, you want to get those coins for free. Just sacrificing some hours of playing a video game, that's some alpha.
Speaker A: Sounds like a good trade off, I think. Or you could just farm portal coin, you know? Did you try your hand at farming?
Speaker B: No, I'm not a farmer.
Speaker A: I've got a great strategy for the next, for whenever this comes up again. So I was just thinking about this the other day, and I was like, these portal coin tweets are so fucking annoying. I wish that I could just mute and block everybody tweeting them. And I was like, well, how do you make this less annoying? And then I was thinking, well, I'm a sports fan, maybe I'll just tweet about the college football transfer portal, and I'll just tag portal coin and everything. Like, probably gets more engagement. So, you know, when season two opens up, just tweet about the college football transfer portal and tag portal coin all your tweets. Maybe you'll get a, maybe you'll get a little more than just your normal, hey, this was portal coin tweet. You know what I mean? So there's some strategy there for you. Shall we wrap it up, Chamber?
Speaker B: Yeah, let's do it.
Speaker A: All right. On Friday, we'll talk about a little bit of AI because there was some big news that dropped today. Maybe we'll get a little better understanding. TldR, Google dropped their Gemini released today, and there's some really, really, really interesting initial results as compared to kind of the best models out there. So we could talk about that on Friday, but that's it. Chamber. Go watch. Alone, naked and afraid, whatever you're doing over there. And just watch those charts and rip those darts. And we'll be back on Friday. Until next time, keep the mic hot.
