Speaker A: Other guys is one of the most underrated funny movies of all time. 100%.
Speaker B: And I hope for Bunchy's sake that he has seen.
Speaker A: There's no doubt in my mind. Bunch, have you seen the other guys?
Speaker B: Uh, I think so. Way, way long.
Speaker A: That is an unacceptable. I agree with you, Pan. That is an unacceptable answer.
Speaker B: Hello and welcome to the mid mic crisis. I am Bunchu, alongside my esteemed colleague and co host, Chamber. Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker A: I am doing pretty good, man. How is your. I need to ask. There's been a lot happening since Monday.
Speaker B: How's your mother? Hey, Mark Wahlberg.
Speaker A: Hey, Mark Wahlberg, have a try my shitty burger. Hey, I have so much. We have so many things to talk about, including shitty burgers.
Speaker B: Because you're gonna. You lead to ship that.
Speaker A: Cause I got nothing to talk, including shitty burgers. So I guess we'll start with a little bit of crypto talk because. Wow.
Speaker B: I mean, like, did we start the bull run? Is that what you're gonna ask?
Speaker A: I don't wanna. I don't wanna go outright and say it, but I think we did.
Speaker B: I mean, look, we talked about it on the show on Monday. It was hanging around 30 to. By 2 hours after the show. We had that absolute rocket of a move up to. Did it touch 36 or 35 and a half ish?
Speaker A: I have it. Yeah, I have it around 35 and a half, which were, again, we're just creep. Like, we're right on currently. Like, we're 34. Eight right now, but yeah, within 2 hours, just absolutely exploded, which is exciting. How was your eth trade looking?
Speaker B: Looking great. So, you know, as part of that, I live bought a pretty significant chunk of ethereum on the show last. On Monday, would you say? I mean, it's not a small amount of ethereum.
Speaker A: I don't know how much you bought.
Speaker B: Oh, it's in the show notes.
Speaker A: Oh, that's the number. I wasn't sure.
Speaker B: Yeah, I wasn't sure.
Speaker A: I wasn't sure if that was Payne putting that in and jokingly putting that in or not.
Speaker B: No, that's how much I bought.
Speaker A: Okay. Yeah, no, not a. Yeah, a substantial amount of.
Speaker B: A pretty good amount. It's a double digit amount.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So I bought a double digit amount of ETH and that was in the 1600 range. That was in the 1600 range. So I've obviously up on that trade. We said we were going to review this on Monday.
Speaker A: I think it's going to look even better on Monday.
Speaker B: Well, that's what I mean. I can't I don't know if I should be counting my chickens yet or if we're going to be looking better or worse on Monday. What do you think?
Speaker A: I think better, but, you know, we'll see. Unfortunately. Unfortunately, I don't have a time machine, so I don't know. It looks good. It looks good. The eTh BTC pair still looks good to me. I could see it.
Speaker B: Did that pop like you?
Speaker A: Not yet. That's what I'm saying. Like, it's still good. It still hasn't popped yet.
Speaker B: Interesting.
Speaker A: So if BTC cools off just a touch, like if it hangs out, bounces off like thirty three k a little bit, you know what I mean? You could see Eth BTC really take off. But will that be by Monday? I don't know. That would be nice. But yeah. We also talked a lot about billionaires on the last show and it. That conversation manifested the next morning.
Speaker B: Did you go and listen to. So I texted you Tuesday morning, yesterday morning, and I said, you must go back and listen to the first 20 minutes of coffee with captain, which I said to you that 20 minutes in the episode. They proceeded to, they proceeded to talk about it for probably another 30 or so. But yeah, yeah, we. You struck a chord with and honestly.
Speaker A: Very struck a chord with me afterwards. Like, the chord was, was restructured.
Speaker B: So are we going back to the. We're going back to this topic.
Speaker A: I mean, we're going to touch on a little bit because I.
Speaker B: Wait, before you do that, we are officially, we are doing this on Friday. We're official going to do it.
Speaker A: Yeah, if you want to.
Speaker B: Okay, so we are officially allotting for a draft on Friday's episode. We haven't done one a long time. We're going to have the billionaire draft on Friday, and I will. I'm going to come with some criteria here, uh, for this one, and we'll talk about it, you know, as we kick it off. But, like, I feel like this is kind of a hard one to, you know, just draft billionaires and put it out there. Right. So we're going to have to, like, put some criteria on this. Like, how are we, why are we drafting them? Is it because of their contributions to humanity? Their ability to troll you on social media? Like, what is it? What are we, what are the things that we're looking for here? Um, so, but we are officially going to do that Friday afternoon, so don't miss that.
Speaker A: I feel like I see a lot of podcasts doing drafts lately, and I don't think I've ever seen.
Speaker B: We started it, but we've been doing it for a very long time.
Speaker A: I was gonna say, I don't think I've ever seen a billionaire draft, though. Like, I see movie drafts and all that stuff, but I don't think anybody has drafted ultra rich people yet, which is. I think it's gonna be fun. But no, I did. When you texted me, I hopped on right away, and I caught the last half hour that you were mentioning. But this morning, I completely forgot to go back and listen. So this morning, as coffee with the coffee with captain notification came up on my phone, I'm like, oh, shit, I got to go back. And I listened to the first 20 minutes, and I couldn't have been more. Steve is. You know, Steve's points were.
Speaker B: I was surprised Steve went so pro. Bezos.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm with Steve on that one. I couldn't have been further away.
Speaker B: Also, we did not have the privilege, I guess, of spending too much time deep in thought on this, which is true, which is why we're gonna do the draft on Friday, because, like, we were, you know, that. That came totally off the cuff, and we were just flying by the seat of our pants on the. The actual discussion. But I thought the coffee with Captain chat about, you know, the whys of it all were very. They were very interesting. So. But what were the. What were the top things that annoyed you about Cape?
Speaker A: So I was talking shit about Elon fanboys, not knowing that cap was an Elon fanboy. I think right away, that was. That was a mistake on my part.
Speaker B: So that made him drop the barbell on his foot at the gym, and that's what happened.
Speaker A: But then he started talking about how elons, electric cars are the. Say what you want about Bezos, and I could still make the argument that I do think Amazon is a better company or a better product for humanity than Tesla. But he was saying they pushed electric cars into the. You know what I mean? Like, it really shifted the market on electric cars, which I don't disagree, but electric cars were still around, and he was saying they were faltering. And, you know, I would argue the Prius, which was a hybrid, is. Probably had more cultural relevancy than the Tesla did at the time. But I feel like we would have gotten there anyways. But Steve was making the point, a for Bezos, but B, for Zuckdeh. And I could almost. I was almost on Steve's side in regards to Zuck, because I do think the social. And you brought it up as well. On the last show, the social media shift from Facebook and Instagram, I think is greater than possibly Amazon and Tesla. So, yeah, I just thought gap was. I don't know. To me, I could argue Amazon.
Speaker B: Captain.
Speaker A: Yeah, cap was captain for sure. I feel like you argue Amazon, you could argue the cultural relevancy of what Zuck did with social media. But, I mean, I don't know. He was arguing going back to space, which I wasn't sold on either. We'll see if that actually happens. Don't be wrong. It's cool what SpaceX is doing with the reusable rockets and stuff, but I'm not completely sold on Tesla. I think it's an overvalued company. Again, I've heard there's quality issues with them, so I don't know. It is what it is. It's the DeLorean of the new millennium, you know what I mean?
Speaker B: Speaking of the DeLorean of the new millennium. Yeah. Did you buy yourself a cyber truck or what?
Speaker A: No, I mean, I love it. And that all being said, I seriously entertained getting a Tesla before my last vehicle purchase. So it's not like I don't like Teslas.
Speaker B: Now, where do you stand on the letting the car drive you?
Speaker A: I like it. I like the idea of it. I just don't know if we're close to that yet. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: I think we're pretty close to it. I. The ability to do it. I the ability to do it. I think the thing with elect, like, self driving vehicles is, I think mass adoption is pretty far off just because, like, you have to convince a whole lot of people that a machine to do something that they've been doing that that feels relatively unsafe if they are not in control. Right. You're asking them to give up control of something that potentially puts their lives in danger. So even though you could show them all the statistics you want, but is somebody actually going to kind of give away that control? Would you?
Speaker A: I would like to see the data showing, like, with some, you know, I don't know if I would be the first adopter, but I would possibly be in that second wave of adoption if the statistics are accurate and are showing me that it's, you know, it's significantly safer to be in a self driving vehicle.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, I think that data possibly is already existing and circulating, so.
Speaker A: Right. Because, I mean, I drive a lot.
Speaker B: Yeah, you have a real job.
Speaker A: Right. Like, I drive a lot. So, I mean, I'm on my phone. Um, I was. I. I might have some absolute alpha when it comes to long distance driving that I'm hesitating to share. But I do drive a lot, and, you know, I'm on my phone. I'm, you know, occasionally vaping.
Speaker B: The vaping is. The vaping is the thing, not the phone that you should be. I think the phone is more.
Speaker A: I think. I think the phone is much more dangerous. But the Al. You wanna know what the alpha is? I feel like I've teased it so, you know, you. You used to drive for work. You know, if you're a rep, you're driving around.
Speaker B: Now I'm poor, so I walk.
Speaker A: Correct, which is much better. But one of the. One of the issues when it went, if you're driving life, you're, like, driving truck, or if you're. If you just drive a lot for work is, you know, bathroom breaks. Right. And a. Finding good bathrooms is very difficult. But I've been drinking a lot of, like, big gulps and big gulps. Yeah, exactly. So, you know, my bladder has been filling up. So yesterday I was. I pulled over, gassed up my car, used the washroom. I get back in my car and, like, I don't know, 30 to 40 minutes later, I'm like, I gotta piss again. And I was still, like, an hour from work or from. From home. And I'm like, I don't want to stop again. And I'm like, I'm not gonna, like, pull over the side of the road and just piss on the country road. You know what I mean? Which I guess is a.
Speaker B: You went in the vape.
Speaker A: No, did not go in the vape. Oh, I tri. I found somebody else had mentioned this to me, that if you look at pornography, you won't, I'm sorry. Have to urinate.
Speaker B: I'm sorry.
Speaker A: What are you telling me you're tricking your body? And I just threw on a little.
Speaker B: Some video, a little mid mic crisis on repeat.
Speaker A: Exactly. Exactly. And sure enough, tricked my body.
Speaker B: I cannot believe you're even telling me this right now.
Speaker A: I think it's good advice. I think it's good advice. I think it only works for men. It may only work for Mendez.
Speaker B: I mean, it probably does. Yeah.
Speaker A: Circles and I'm up.
Speaker B: I don't even know where to go from here.
Speaker A: I think it's good advice, especially if you're far away from a washroom. And it worked. I can tell you that. I was able to drive the 45 minutes and we didn't have to pull over anymore. So, I mean, it jerked off three times. But.
Speaker B: Jesus, Christ, I I gotta go. This show is fucking stupid.
Speaker A: I think. Well, I stand by.
Speaker B: Thank God I don't have, like, a real, real, real job, like where, you know, a corporate job where somebody might hear this and fire me.
Speaker A: Get the guy's fake name. Right.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. Holy cow. I did not have that one on the bingo card today.
Speaker A: That's why I said I was hesitant. I was hesitant.
Speaker B: Yeah. I just had, like, no clue where you were going there and, but I mean, the science makes sense, like, and.
Speaker A: That'S what I really want to get across.
Speaker B: It is, I think, sound advice. Yes.
Speaker A: So, but let's move on. Now that we've blessed the world with that tidbit of information, I do have some, like, I have some american restaurant questions for you.
Speaker B: Oh, wow.
Speaker A: Okay. Because you came prepared today.
Speaker B: I love this. Drive the ship, baby, take the wheel.
Speaker A: My wife texted me today. She's driving back from her a doctor's appointment, and she texted me.
Speaker B: She mysteriously added 3 hours to her.
Speaker A: She said she had to pee.
Speaker B: She's like, be home for dinner. You're like, it's 09:00 a.m.
Speaker A: No. She texts me. Chick fil a is opening up down the road. And in Canada, chick fil a's are very rare. There's, I can think of only one, maybe two in Ontario, which are like 2 hours away drive from me. I've never had chick fil a. I've heard lots of good stuff. I'm a big chicken sandwich fan. I like spicy chicken sandwiches. I would argue that popeyes spicy chicken sandwich is the best up there with, you know, with the Wendy's spicy chicken sandwich. But I've always heard chick fil a is a very top tier sandwich.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think it's, I think it's a level above, above those two. Yeah. So like, you would, I would say, I'm trying to give you a burger analogy. So, like, you know, you got your McDonald's and your burger king and then you've got your five guys, right? Like this is, I would say it's the five guys to your other chicken sandwiches. Personally, I would say that, is that, does that paint a good picture for you?
Speaker A: That's what I was hoping you would say because I put five guys absolutely. In a, in a, you know, realm of its own.
Speaker B: So that's why I'm saying, that's why I use that specific analogy, because, like, there's a quality increase and I think just the overall, like, this is their specialty. I mean, I guess Popeyes is as well, but like, um, it's. It's better than Popeyes.
Speaker A: Okay, now, out of those three, obviously chick fil a, number one. Uh, do you put Popeyes above Wendy's or Wendy's above Popeyes?
Speaker B: Um, I once worked in a Wendy's for a day. Did you? I'll take Popeyes.
Speaker A: Oh, that's terrible. Did you have to make the chili?
Speaker B: You've never heard this? First of all, yes, the chili. I would never order the chili at Wendy's.
Speaker A: I love the Wendy's chili.
Speaker B: So don't. It's literally just like, it's just like a cesspool is like. That's what they do. It's like they laydena. Ladle it out. Do you want to hear the Wendy story?
Speaker A: Absolutely. Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah. Oh, man. This is, this is. Let's. Let's paint the picture. We are a college. We are taking you back to the beautiful campus of Penn State University, and I am a junior or senior in college at this time and just looking to make a few extra bucks. And so, uh, there was a job opening at the Wendy's, which was basically right across the street from my apartment, and it was paying pretty well. Like, at that time, we're talking, you.
Speaker A: Know, like, above minimum wage.
Speaker B: Yeah, right, exactly. Yeah.
Speaker A: That's great.
Speaker B: 16 years ago, and you were making, you know, $10 an hour, which at the time was more than minimum wage. Right. So, um, I went in, interviewed, got the job, and they're like, oh, do you mind doing closing shifts? And I had no problem doing that. So I go in for my first shift, and I'm all happy go lucky gung ho. Just, this is, I'm. This is the greatest. I'm happy to be here. And, you know, work a little register during dinner time, work a little rush hour, all that kind of stuff, and it's going fine, and then it's time to, like, clean up for the night and close out. And I. The first, like, have you ever seen the movie waiting?
Speaker A: Of course. Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker B: Waiting. That's the one about the restaurant, right?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah. So I had, I had one of those experiences, right? Like, there's this guy there that was a full on adult. Like, he's probably in his thirties at the time. And I'm, you know, a college sophomore, and so, so he'd been there for a long time. So he was like, the guy, you know, there was a little Wendy's hazing that goes on, I guess. And so this dude essentially, purposely makes a mess in the bathroom, let's put it that way.
Speaker A: Let's say a biological mess.
Speaker B: Yes. And sends me an unit of, which is. Which was just step one. Right.
Speaker A: That's some, that's some hazing.
Speaker B: That's what I mean. Like, this guy's like, he. It's like he was Dave Thomas himself. And he's like, no, no, no. You ain't gonna be part of my club unless you can clean up this caution wet floor. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: So. But it was actually. It was actually. He also, you know, dumped up the joint as well. And so we got the combo meal. We got the combo meal going in the bathroom, and I'm sent in to clean it up next, you know, the next thing is sent back to, you know, the back of the kitchen to clean everything down. This is where I found out where the chili was made, and that was terrible. But, you know, one of the things that you have to do on these cleanup duties is you got to empty the fryers and drain all the grease and all this stuff. And there's really no, like, good way to dispose of this stuff stuff. So it all kind of just goes into these big industrial contractor garbage bags. And so you empty it all into these garbage bags, and then you go out and you take it out to the dumpster. And so I'm doing this, and I'm out in the dumpster, and it's probably, gosh, it's probably mid November or something, so it's decently cold. It's not, like, freezing, but it's cold. And, uh, so I. The dumpster is, like, ridiculously high, and I've got to essentially, like, you could picture me with this giant sack of grease that is very heavy, right? And so, like, I can't just lift it and put the thing in. You're also. It's also liquid, right? So there's no real good way to grab this. I'm holding it over my back like a Santa, but like a, you know, a sash, you know, and so I can't get it into the trash can. So I, like, flip the lid, and I'm having to do this thing where I'm, like, grabbing it kind of to my side and using my body as, like, momentum to swing it over the thing. This is what I think I'm going to do. I'm going to swing it over into the trash can, and as I do my final swing, you know, the old one, two, three, it catches the side of the dumpster, and just, like, half gelatinous grease all over me head to toe. And it was like, carrie, of Wendy's grease. And so I left my car there, and I walked home. I just left. I walked home, and I never went back. And I never went back. That was the. That was the first and only day I worked at Wendy's.
Speaker A: I think that is a very reasonable response to that.
Speaker B: I mean, I don't know that shit.
Speaker A: Never. I think I would have done the same. I may have lit the building on fire before I left, but, I mean, that's. That is just terrible.
Speaker B: I don't see, like, Dave Thomas's nephew treating me like crap and then going out and getting covered in baconator.
Speaker A: Rory Thomas.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, right. He's like, you know, the Dave classic triple? Yeah, my uncle invented that. He's like, by the way, go clean up the bathroom. Surprise.
Speaker A: Wendy was my second cousin.
Speaker B: I'd rather be. I'd rather be Mark Wahlberg's blood boy than, hey, give me your blood. How you doing? How's your.
Speaker A: Vitality?
Speaker B: You look. Hey, you owe positive. Oh. How's your mother?
Speaker A: Okay. I do have another, so that's just terrible. I may. I will probably still get the chili.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, whatever. Like, it's not.
Speaker A: I'm still. I mean, definitely has a ghdev I've consumed. I get chili as my side at Wendy's more than fries. I feel like I've had way too much chili from Wendy's over the years. Is that wrong?
Speaker B: You've had more chili than fries at Wendy's?
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. I bet you it's, like, 75% of the time. I'll get the chili. I'll get a burger with a side of chili because I'm a psyche.
Speaker B: Wow. All right, so.
Speaker A: But I do. They give me the chips that go with it, though. It's good. It's a good time.
Speaker B: Look, it's not there. It's fine. You're gonna be okay.
Speaker A: I do have another. So as chick fil a comes to my neck of the woods. So my wife texted me this afternoon. I'm on TikTok after that, and I see Carl's junior is making their way to Canada, which they haven't before. And, I mean, I know Carl's the only. Carl's junior was a. I don't know if they still are, but they were a Lakers sponsor for a long time, so I used to see them during Laker games all the time, and I know they were known for making, like, sexy commercials with, like, smoking hot chicks eating their burgers. Have you had Carl's? Is Carl's junior across the United States or is it regional?
Speaker B: Um, it's. It's somewhat regional. Like, I don't have a Carl's junior by me.
Speaker A: Have you had Carl's junior before?
Speaker B: Maybe I. Not enough times where I would remember.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Specifically, I was much more of a Carl senior guy.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: Just Carl's, you know, so, I mean.
Speaker A: If anybody in that's listening.
Speaker B: Wendy was my second cousin.
Speaker A: We had a thing. If there's anybody listening in the audience right now that has any Carl's junior info, I would. I'm very curious to know if I should be excited for it or not excited for it, because every time I feel like they come up with, like, interesting burgers, but I don't know if they're absolute garbage. So I'm curious. I'm Carl's curious at this point.
Speaker B: Oh, wow. If you have had Carl's junior and vouch for their burgers, please hit up that chat bubble and let Chamber know about Carl's junior experience. But what else? Any other fast foods?
Speaker A: Those are the two. I thought it was funny that two came up today. So those are the only two that I haven't tried. Ideally.
Speaker B: Now rank your top american fast food restaurants in like one to five power. Rank them.
Speaker A: That's a good question.
Speaker B: Leave the ones you haven't had off. So, like, chick fil a would probably make a good amount of people's top five. But you haven't had it, so you can't put it in there.
Speaker A: So. I don't know. I'm a McDonald's apologist. I think McDonald's are.
Speaker B: Oh, I would have totally pegged you. Opposite of that, actually.
Speaker A: It's just, it's just consistent, regardless of where you go. They're, they're, their soda tastes better. It does, right? Like, I. I don't know what it is. It does taste better. Um, you know, I like a McDouble. Like, just a sneaky way.
Speaker B: That's the way.
Speaker A: So good. Like a little drive through the McDouble and aethereze at a medium coke zero. Like, that's a, that's a good little afternoon treaty. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: Yeah. And too large. Fries.
Speaker A: No, no fries. That's what, that's the trick. That you want some health advice? Don't get the fries.
Speaker B: No, you got McDonald's fries are like number one.
Speaker A: I know. They're delicious, don't get me wrong, but they're like more calories than the burger most of the time, I think, probably for sure. So bad. So I don't know if I'd put them number one, but they're definitely in the conversation. Wendy's is still, again, probably. I mean, it's, it's. Sorry, it's. Five guys is the best. The only downside with five guys is no drive through and the weights and the price. Those are, I would say those are the only. If, if five guys could be faster and have a drive through.
Speaker B: Yeah, five guys drive thru would be. So are you putting that number five?
Speaker A: No, I don't know. I'm just trying to think of all of them. Popeyes is solid. Popeyes is my favorite chicken. I think KFC has gone down the garbage over the last like 1520 years. I think Popeyes is my favorite chicken, but I would say. Okay, so McDonald's, one, Wendy's, two. I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go. Popeye's, three, then five guys. And then, and then. Oh, it's, it's by far. What's the sub place? It's Jersey Mike's. Those are the best. Jersey Mike's number five.
Speaker B: I thought you were going subway.
Speaker A: Nah, I mean, subway's fine once in a while, but no Jersey Mike's. That, to me, Jersey Mike's is the equivalent of five guys. It just, again, just takes too long. Wish I had a drive thru. And it can be a little bit expensive. I feel like it's not as expensive as going to five guys, but I do feel, you know, a couple of subs, I'm out of there. $50 sometimes, you know what I mean?
Speaker B: I get it.
Speaker A: Yeah. As far as canadian fast food places, you haven't lived, man, you got, you ever been Harvey's? Not even a joke. Real restaurant. Delicious. Harvey's is solid. I know you guys have a and w. We have a different, apparently different a and w here in Canada. Much bigger grasp on the market than in the states. A and w solid in Canada. Mister sub. Familiar with this one? No gem better than subway. Not as good as Jersey Mike's. I'm trying to think about. I think those are the main ones. Those are the, I would say those are the big three. Oh, and swiss chalet. Familiar with this one?
Speaker B: Swiss. Swiss chalet. Like Swiss Alps?
Speaker A: Correct. It's a chicken place. It's a rotisserie chicken and fry place with. Comes with a little side gravy.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker A: It is a treat. So those are the big ones? Those are your big canadian fast food chains.
Speaker B: How about some sit downs? Some fast casual sit downs, like a cracker barrel? You got any of that?
Speaker A: We got. I mean, they're not again. The Americans. You guys do it better.
Speaker B: Heard of it?
Speaker A: No, I've heard of it, but I've never been to one waffle house. No, never been. I'm going, I'm going down. So.
Speaker B: Yeah, you get a waffle house in Nashville. So you could also get a white castle in Nashville. Are you a white Castle guy?
Speaker A: I've never tried it. So we will be trying. I'm going to be driving from my house to Nashville. I'm going to be going through a lot of porn. It's a lot. It's a lot of porn. We're going through Detroit. Through Cincinnati or, sorry, Detroit, Dayton, Cincinnati, Louisville, Kentucky.
Speaker B: Wow. Just all the touristy spots.
Speaker A: That's the direct line. Can I hit again? I know in the states it's a bit more regional. Am I gonna hit like a cracker barrel? Am I gonna hit a. Oh, yeah. Okay. All right. Like a Jimmy John's? I like those two once in a while.
Speaker B: Jimmy John's probably. Yeah. I don't know. I'll be curious if we, let's. We should have chat GBT, plan your route around some fast food.
Speaker A: But I prefer like greasy spoon local diners. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: Sure.
Speaker A: That's what I want to hit.
Speaker B: Yeah. But diners is not the way in the midwest. Like you, first of all, if you're not in the tri state area, you don't really know what a diner is.
Speaker A: What's the tri state area?
Speaker B: Is that New York, New Jersey, Connecticut.
Speaker A: Okay. All right.
Speaker B: And they.
Speaker A: Do. You guys do diners better?
Speaker B: Oh, dude. Yes. Like, diners are our thing here.
Speaker A: Really?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I always thought diners was like a university town thing.
Speaker B: I mean, I'm sure there are, but like, uh, there are. I would bet you if you look this up, I'm going to look it up while you're, while we're talking. But I would bet you there's more diners per capita in New Jersey than there are interesting most places. Let me. I'm going to look it up. You, you give me some 30 seconds of air cover.
Speaker A: All right. So for sit down restaurants, canadian sit down restaurants, um, our olive garden. We. So we don't have olive gardens? I don't think we do. If we do, there's very few of them. But we have Eastside Mario's, which is a terrible restaurant. These are all terrible restaurants. We have a lot of grills that are absolute garbage. We have Krabby Joe's, which is just, again, there's one in every town. A lot of people go to them that don't know how to eat good food, but they are very popular, and there's 100 of them per city. That would be. I don't know what the equivalent, and I'm not 100% sure what a cracker. Cracker barrel. Like, what do you get at a cracker barrel? So I wouldn't know the exact comp.
Speaker B: Here in Canada, you either get breakfast or you get, like, a chicken fried steak.
Speaker A: Okay. Wimpy's would be the equivalent of cracker barrel. Wimpy's is solid. Uh, Whitby's is. Is solid. Um, we have Chuck's roadhouse. We have. We like to name things after Americans. So we have Montana's, which is the shitty chain barbecue place, which I'm sure Montana's is pretty. I'm pretty sure Montana's is not known for their barbecue.
Speaker B: No, for sure. Absolutely not.
Speaker A: Here in Canada, we love. Oh, I even got a better one for you. So Montana's barbecue. But one of the most popular restaurants in Canada is Boston pizza. And I'm, again, pretty sure Boston is not known for their pizza, but one of the most popular sit down restaurants here in Canada. Boston.
Speaker B: All right, you ready for this diner Alpha?
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Hit me up.
Speaker B: Okay, so this is an article from. I don't know, a couple. August 26, 2023. So this is recent data. It's. Hold on, there's. Here you go. I'm just going to read this paragraph. There's much debate about who created the diners we know today. Philip H. Dupree from Massachusetts.
Speaker A: I thought you were going to say Philip H. Diner.
Speaker B: Charles Diner of the Diner family.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yes. The Philip H. Diner from Massachusetts is a candidate. So are Patrick Tierney of New York and Jerry O. Mahoney of New Jersey. These men founded companies that exported diners all over the country. O'Mahony and his fellow New Jerseyans were part, were particularly successful in exporting diners. And by the 1950s were over. There were. Oh, my God. There were over 6000 New Jersey built diners spread across the US. While diners dot highways and urban corners across. Across the nation, there is one state that holds the crown for the highest number of diners, and you guessed it, it is New Jersey. New Jersey is known as the diner capital of the world, and the state is home to over 500 diners.
Speaker A: That is impressive. I did not know that.
Speaker B: Small feet. Given that New Jersey is the fifth smallest state by geography in the US, but yeah. So there you go. Jersey.
Speaker A: That's wild. Now, when you go to diners, is it like only breakfast. Like, what are you getting when you go to a diner?
Speaker B: My specific play at diners is typically a breakfast play. Yeah, I'm with you, or I will do a burger. But, like, I usually don't stray too far from that. Like, I associate diner with, like, breakfast food.
Speaker A: So I agree. And I, plus they come and they say, what do you want to drink? And I always say, I want a coffee and a water. And I'm not going to go get a burger if I'm drinking coffee. You know what I mean? Like, I'm going to get breakfast.
Speaker B: Sure, sure. You know, so there you go, New Jersey, over 500 diners. Did you, would you have ever guessed that?
Speaker A: I would never guess that. That is pretty impressive. So you go for breakfast. What's your go to diner breakfast?
Speaker B: Oh, man. It's usually like a french toast with some eggs and bacon and toast. So, like, what I'll end up doing. Yeah, what I'll end up doing is, like, so I'll have the french toast portion, which is kind of like the sweet part, and then I'll order all of those other things as sides of that will end up being created into a sandwich, you know? So, like, that's amazing. I'll throw the eggs on the toast, throw the side of bacon on top. Got myself a little half a sam.
Speaker A: You know, I've, see, normally for me, it's always scrambled egg, sausage, home fries, toast. Like, that's, that's what I like. But lately I've been switching to blueberry pancakes side sausage.
Speaker B: Oh, wow. Okay, that's real.
Speaker A: And then I, I just house the sausages right away, like, three or four of them gone immediately. Uh, and then I'll crush the pancake with my coffee.
Speaker B: Got it. That's it. Strong. It's strong. Uh, I put together here just while we were talking, some fast food themed, would you rather questions for you.
Speaker A: I love it.
Speaker B: Are you ready for this? This is how we'll, we'll end the show today because we got on this track and we have not gotten off, so let's just stay here. Would you rather eat a burger without the patty or a pizza without the cheese?
Speaker A: Oh, a pizza.
Speaker B: I was guessing, like, you would have to eat, like, all of the other accoutrements of a full fledged burger. Like a fully loaded burger, but there's just no patty.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think I keep talking, like.
Speaker B: Bun, onion, tomato, either ketchup or mayo or whatever you put on a burger and, you know, pickles, but no patty.
Speaker A: Hmm. I think, I think a pizza without the cheese.
Speaker B: I agree. Same. Would you rather have fries with no salt or a milkshake with no flavor?
Speaker A: A fries with no salt?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think so too. Definitely on that one. Would you rather eat a taco that's all shell and no filling or a burrito that's all tortilla and no filling? So basically, do you prefer a shell or a burrito?
Speaker A: A burrito.
Speaker B: Okay. This is. They're all of the same theme here.
Speaker A: I don't like any of these options. Hold on.
Speaker B: I like this one. Would you rather have to eat a salad from a fast food restaurant every day for a month or give up fast food entirely for six months? Hmm.
Speaker A: Now we have to. What is fast food? I think is the real question. Is pizza fast food?
Speaker B: No. Anything with a drive thru. It has to have a drive thru.
Speaker A: So five. I'm just thinking you're gonna eat five guys all day?
Speaker B: Yeah. But you need to have this. So the. But it's the salad. You have to have a salad from these places. So, like, a wendy's salad plus a hamburger every day for a month? No, that's it.
Speaker A: Just the salad.
Speaker B: Just the salad. Or not eat any fast food for six months?
Speaker A: I'd probably go not eat any fast food for six months.
Speaker B: Yeah, I probably would too.
Speaker A: It's probably, like, a better health choice.
Speaker B: Yeah, I just. And I'm just not a solid guy in general. Uh, would you rather have a never ending supply of your favorite fast food item, but it's always slightly overcooked or never be able to eat that thing again?
Speaker A: Oh, slightly overcooked all day. I don't mind that.
Speaker B: Yeah. Would you rather eat a ten piece chicken nugget from every fast food restaurant in one sitting, or eat a ten pound burger in one sitting, a ten.
Speaker A: Piece from each fast food place?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I mean, how many fast food places have chicken nuggets most? McDonald. Yeah. If not all. Yeah. Ten pieces. So what are we talking about? Like, a hundred chicken nuggets?
Speaker B: Probably more. Right?
Speaker A: Like, that's ten. Yeah. That's ten restaurants.
Speaker B: Yeah. Right.
Speaker A: Call it 150.
Speaker B: Call it 200.
Speaker A: Call it 200. That's so many. Or a ten pound hamburger.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I feel like the Nuggets is easier.
Speaker B: Like, so the Nuggets is no doubt easier, I think, would be no doubt easier. I eat a 20 piece from McDonald's sometimes.
Speaker A: I mean, I haven't done that since high school, but I remember it was possible. I remember Big Mac meal with a 20 pack side.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker A: Yeah. Like, when we were. Yeah, when we were traveling, like, for. For any sort of, like team sports. And we'd stop and, you know, fuel up after the tournament we were at was definitely. Yeah, definitely a big macro.
Speaker B: Is this a priest tournament?
Speaker A: No, no. Basketball is what I'm thinking of the most. I feel like that was. That was a big one.
Speaker B: Got it. One more here. And that, I think, is good. And then I have another one for you to close out.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Would you rather drink a soda that's always flat but the perfect temperature or always fizzy but too warm? I think that's hard.
Speaker A: It is hard. I think flat but the perfect temperature.
Speaker B: I'm going the other way. Fizzy warm.
Speaker A: Fizzy warm.
Speaker B: I mean, I can't do flats. I can't do it.
Speaker A: I can't do that either. But I can't do warm soda.
Speaker B: Yeah. Both are really shitty options, unfortunately.
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. I think the right temperature is still for me because I'll come back. Like, if I left a drink out and the ice has kept it cool and. But it's flat now. Like, I'll still crush that, I think. Yeah, I think flat and the right temperature.
Speaker B: Yeah. A couple comments here, Steve. Three minutes ago. Since I don't really eat breakfast food, if I'm going to a New York or New Jersey diner, I sit at the breakfast bar and slam a chicken salad sandwich and fries. Just something about the chicken salad in New York and New Jersey diners is just different. J. Webb says hearing chambers strategy to not urinate with a spongeBob. I'm ahead out. Set your reminders up top for coffee with captain tomorrow. Jweb also says, can't find a good diner in Denver to save my life. Shovel says serious alpha dropping here.
Speaker A: It's true. You know, the funny part is, though, is that a few of you will use this tip, but also be thinking about me while you're doing it.
Speaker B: Oh, that's so weird. Ian said. Ian says that some wendy's offer 50 counts of nuggets and then doomers. Oh, yeah. Dumer's totally after my heart here. Disco fries are greater than poutine.
Speaker A: Okay, first of all, what's a disco Frye?
Speaker B: So disco fries, I think it's mostly a New Jersey New York diner area thing.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: But it's basically. It's basically a plate of french fries with brown gravy and melted mozzarella over it.
Speaker A: That's a poutine.
Speaker B: Yeah, but it's better.
Speaker A: It's the same.
Speaker B: It's not.
Speaker A: I mean, the only difference.
Speaker B: Poutine is technically supposed to be curds, correct?
Speaker A: Yes. Correct.
Speaker B: Which totally different types of cheeses.
Speaker A: First of all, there's a lot of places in Canada that will throw the shredded matzah on top. I prefer the, I do prefer the curds, though. The Kurds are better. But I'm not. I'm not turning away a shredded mozzarella on top, that's for sure. I've heard of these garbage plates similar.
Speaker B: Right? So, like, it's kind of.
Speaker A: Is that a new jersey thing probably.
Speaker B: Modeled off of this? Um, no, but they do it in like, Pennsylvania. Maybe that's another one I wanted to call attention to. Was Neil up top? Did this is what happens when you blend my PFP and your PFP. You like any of those?
Speaker A: Like the two. Oh, oh.
Speaker B: So he probably took him to mid journey and blend.
Speaker A: I love it.
Speaker B: Yeah, I like the bottom left. And actually top right is very you as well.
Speaker A: Yeah, I like them both.
Speaker B: They're actually all pretty good. That's pretty cool. All right, my last question for you was, I've heard of this a couple times in some fantasy football context where there are some leagues out there, I think we've talked about on the show where they make the losers do a punishment of some sort, and one that I have always found particularly hilarious, that circulates every once in a while. Loser of the league has to sit in a waffle house for 24 hours. And the only way that they can leave early is that they get 1 hour deducted for every waffle that they eat. The question is, how long would you be at a waffle house for this punishment?
Speaker A: We've definitely talked about this before because I believe I came up with the equation that one waffle house waffle is equal to three eggos. Is that correct? Does that feel right?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think that's appropriate. If you're just going to try to really ballpark ratio, I think you're fine there because they're about as flat as an eggo. They're not these big, fluffy things. It's either three or four ish, depending.
Speaker A: On the waffle house. Okay, we'll call it three and a half. So basically, in my mind, because I've never been to a waffle house, I have to think of it like seven waffles for every 2 hours or seven eggos for every 2 hours is how I have to compute it. And I feel like I could crush. Throw a little butter on there, a little maple syrup. Six out. I could deduct 6 hours easy just by eating.
Speaker B: How many you're saying you'd only be able to eat six in a 24 hours span?
Speaker A: No. I'd be able to eat 6 hours worth in however long that takes me.
Speaker B: It's what? It's an hour of waffle.
Speaker A: Yeah, but I can do that in an hour is what I'm saying.
Speaker B: You can eat six waffles in an hour?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: For how many hours straight?
Speaker A: That's the question. I can definitely do it for one.
Speaker B: Because if you've only done it for 1 hour, you're still there for 18 hours.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: At a diminishing return. If I can do six the first hour, I might be able to do four the second hour. So that's what, 2 hours of sitting there plus 10 hours? That's 12 hours I've deducted so far within the first 2 hours. And then another. Say another three. Say do four. I feel like I could get out of there in, like, 6 hours.
Speaker B: Six. You can get out of there in 6 hours. That means overall, you would have eaten 16 to 18 waffles.
Speaker A: Uh, no, I would have. Because I would have sat there for. Yeah. Yes. Yeah, I think so.
Speaker B: I think that's probably right. Yeah, I think I could definitely eat at least twelve waffles in the sitting. Right. Like, that's what, I could definitely do that. I don't know if I could eat six in the first hour, but, like, I think over the course of the first 4 hours, I could easily eat twelve.
Speaker A: Right. That's what. Yeah. Plus you've been there for 4 hours, so that's 16 hours total that you've. That you've, you know, that you don't have to do anymore. I think. Yeah, I think that's manageable. But, yeah, I think. I think 6 hours, I'm out.
Speaker B: Yeah, I would say six to ten. I would probably be out of, just depending on how my. But anyway, like, I would like that challenge.
Speaker A: I would like that challenge. I don't think it's a challenge. I think it's, like, a fun thing to do.
Speaker B: Yeah. But anyway, we've got hard stops here in two minutes. Not too hard, though. Not chamber driving a Tallahassee hard, but we've got a hard out here today that's gonna do it for us. Don't forget, billionaire draft on Friday at 04:00 p.m. eastern. Billionaire draft cap, we got you covered. I hope you're around to participate. Chamber. Do we think we should pull up, like, a full panel or what?
Speaker A: I think if I can get cap.
Speaker B: And Steve, at least. Cap and Steve? Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's. I think that's a solid one.
Speaker B: Yeah. All right. Sounds good. That's going to do it for us. Until next time, keep the mic.
