Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by the DGEN Community Network media for the decentralized generation. If you want to connect or to check out more great NFT and crypto content, go to dgen.net work. That's dgen.net work.
Speaker B: Hello and welcome to the Mint condition. I am Bunchu alongside my esteemed colleague and co host chamber. Or today you're going by Chad. Today.
Speaker C: I know Matt was, Matt was nice enough to want to call me by my, my given name, so I figured I'd change it up for simplicity sake.
Speaker B: Given to you by, you know, the degenerate trader you are, right? Not your.
Speaker C: Absolutely. Yeah.
Speaker B: My parents were Chad.
Speaker C: I come from a long line of degenerate traders.
Speaker B: A long line of chads.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: The fourth Chad. You're Chad Wick, right?
Speaker C: Chad Wick the fourth, yeah.
Speaker B: Chadwick the fourth. Awesome. We have a fantastic show for you today. We are joined by the founder and CEO of Block Native, Matt Cutler. Matt, how are you? And thank you for joining us. How you doing today?
Speaker A: Oh, you bet. Doing great today and a pleasure to be here. Thanks for having me on.
Speaker B: Absolutely. I'm super excited about this episode because, I mean, for a ton of reasons, but I feel like our audience is going to learn a lot today and, you know, we are, our audience is a mix of like, you know, super sophisticated Djen NFT traders and a lot of new folks into the space as well, looking to learn some of the tips and tricks of the trade and how to really participate and get an edge in what is becoming and has become a very competitive environment in not only a minting space, but just transacting on the network in general. So I'm super excited for this. So happy that you're joining us and I'm really interested in hearing and learning stuff today. Chamber, you think you're gonna learn something today?
Speaker C: I, as with every episode, learn many things. I'm not. I'm not what they call the brightest bulb in the pack, you know what I'm saying? So any information I get is an addition to what I currently have.
Speaker B: Cool. Awesome. So let's get right into it. So, Matt, why don't you tell us, I guess, start with a little bit of your background and how block native came to be.
Speaker A: Sure. So I'm Matt, I'm glutton for punishment because I've done seven or eight startups, depending on how you count. I have bought them, sold them, split them, taken them public, shut them down, merged them, sort of all of the above, as I like to say, I've earned all these gray hairs, bought and paid for. My very first startup was an Internet infrastructure, Internet infrastructure company way back in 1994 called Block. Sorry, called Net Genesis. It was the first ever web analytics business, and that one was a nine year overnight success went zero to IPo, and at the time we went public at the height of the Web 10 boom was one of the top 35 ipos in history. So it was a pretty wild ride. And then my most recent startup before Block Native was a mobile collaboration platform called Collaborate.com that actually got bought by Cisco. So I'm from the Boston area originally, but in terms of my deal with Cisco, where me and my whole team had to move, so now I live in the Bay area in Marin. Actually, I was an exec at Cisco for about four years once I started to tune into web three. And weirdly enough, it was all around NFTs and ERC 721 and cryptokitties way back then. Even my reaction was, I've seen this movie before. It feels exactly like the early days of the Internet. Right. The formative stages. And I sort of thought at the time how unusual that I would have been an operator very early in my career as an undergrad when I started in the formative stages of Web ten, and I'd still be an operator for Web 3.0. And so I jumped out of kind of a cushy job at Cisco and jumped back into the fray as a co founder and CEO of an early stage web three company. And it's been four years and it's been a ton of fun. And we started out with a different name doing something else entirely. And we started building and ran into a lot of problems, ran into a lot of usability issues, ran into a lot of challenges, and started to build tooling and infrastructure to sort of help out. And it turned out that that was a lot more interesting to folks and a lot more fun to build. And so we gradually became a web three infrastructure provider, and we provide real time infrastructure for web three, focused on the pre chain layer. So everything involving a transaction between intent and confirmation. So all the, the fun part, all the action, and we work with a lot of the top projects, a lot of the top chains, a lot of the top foundations to provide equitable access and useful data coming out of the mempool and pre chain layer. And that's a very condensed version of how we got here today.
Speaker B: All right, that's awesome.
Speaker C: There's a lot of big words for me.
Speaker B: I was just going to say, let's even go simpler and tell people, you know, what it even means when you're talking about mempool preaching intent on that stuff. Because I think when we have, when we're talking to people that are listening to our show and getting into the space, there's a lot of education and knowledge gap between what they see when they go to a minting website on their favorite project or a hype project, and then what's actually going on behind the scenes, and then, and all of that in between. And, you know, there's a lot to learn. And so explain what you mean by those terms.
Speaker A: Sure. And fair warning, we're deep nerds in this space. I'm happy to go as deep as you want to in terms of how this stuff really works. We think it's fascinating how it actually operates, and we believe that it really is important that folks understand fundamentally what's going on because they can make better decisions and act with confidence when they do. So first off, what is the mempool? What is the pre chain layer? So I often will tell folks, ever done a web three transaction? Yes. You click the button, you wait for a while, and then something happens. They go, yep. Ever think about what happens when you're waiting for a while? And they go, no, not really. Turns out a whole bunch of very interesting things are happening when you're waiting for a while. And that's sort of the core of the pre chain layer. So effectively, for any public blockchain network, like Ethereum or any of the others, you have consensus that needs to get formed, that the network needs to decide which transactions are going to get included in which order. Therefore, there must be some, like, holding area before that, right? Your transaction gets submitted and it becomes a candidate for inclusion. This holding area is called the mempool. Typically it varies depending on the chain, but there is this sea of transactions that are in the pending state that are competing for actually a fairly small number of spots in the next block, and they compete primarily on gas price, which is the fee you're willing to pay for inclusion. It's a very different data environment than anything else in web three, because first off, it's a real time environment. Anyone in the world can submit any transaction at any time, and they do so, unlike the blockchain, clicks forward like a watch. It's discrete. The pre chain layer, the mempool, is a real time environment, and often we'll have many orders of magnitude, the scale and transaction volume than the data that actually gets on chain one two. Consensus is formed out of the mempool. Right? So in the mempool, there's no truth. Like all these guarantees that you have about it gets written, it can't be overwritten, it can't be changed on chain. None of that is true. In the mempool, you can change things, so you can overwrite your transactions, you can reprice them, you can replace them, you can cancel them. Three, there's no truth. So it's a global sort of collection of data. So depending on where you are in the network and what's going on, your transaction may be in different statuses. So like, there's no absolute truth about what's going on, but more than anything, it's observable. So you can see what other people are putting in. Because it's a public data layer, it's hard to access and hard to work with, but it's public. And so you can actually see the future of on chain data by having sophisticated capabilities about gathering and organizing and working with pre chain and mempool data. Now, the reality is most people, and my guess is most of your listeners, don't have the necessary infrastructure level of sophistication to do this well, but there are many actors out there that do. And sometimes the NFT games can sort of feel like it's, you're like one step behind. And the reason is because you are right, there are actors out there who are very sophisticated in this regard. And that's why we exist. As a project like block native is all about an easy to use way to get access and manipulate and incorporate this data into your strategies. And so we're kind of the easy button for mempool and pre chain layer, and we can get into more about the transaction lifecycle at each stage and what happens. That's kind of the basics of all of this. It's the root of so much that happens on web three, and it is wildly under less understood than it should be. Our blog, we publish quite a bit of content to help people understand how the mempool works, how gas prices work, what change in EIP 1559, what the base fee is and what the max fee is, the priority fee, and how those work. We're already looking ahead at what's going to change in the merge. So it's an endlessly fascinating space, but surprisingly deepenous once you start to fall down this rabbit hole.
Speaker C: To kind of give it an analogy the way you were speaking, just I tried to, I do a lot of training in my real life, so I try to simplify things as much as possible for people. You know, also, I'm a simple man, so the way I picture it in my head is it's a subway, and a bunch of people are trying to get into one of the subway cars. And the subway car is the mempool. And you can get in, you can get in the mempool. You can get kicked out of the mempool, depending on who pays more to get in that particular train car. And the rail system is actually the blockchain, and that doesn't take off until it's ready. Does that sound about right?
Speaker A: So close. There's a great website out there, visualization, called transaction street.
Speaker B: That's my favorite thing. Sit there and watch Transaction street all day. Yes.
Speaker A: And so I would say the mempool is the platform.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay. The rails are the chain and the cars are the blocks. Your transaction is shoulder to shoulder. You're trying to get to the front so that you can squeeze into the block. Right. And Transaction street does a pretty good job of illustrating that and sort of showcasing a bunch of other things. There's a lot going on with Transaction street, but another way to think about is it's like a, it's actually like a pool, and there's this, like this floating sea of transactions. And, and every so often, like a skimmer come across the top and, like, picks the top transaction. So it's only the very top layer. And the thing is, is just the subway platform or the pool is turbulent. Sometimes it's kind of empty. It's pretty easy to get to the front. And then suddenly a huge crash of people show up and you get pushed to the back and you're like, hey, I thought I was going to get on the next car. And they're like, yeah, big baseball game got out. You know, 50,000 people came down here, and suddenly you're at the back of the line, right?
Speaker C: And there's people paying, like the rich people that come up, they get the, you know, the skybox seats. They're paying additional funds to get to that front of that line. Correct.
Speaker A: Right. Or they know there's some, it's really important to get into the next block because there's something happened down the train that they need to be there within three minutes. And if you're in the back of the line, by the time you get there, you're going to miss out what's happening. Right. So there's some urgency that goes into all this. And the part that I think is really critical about this is all the transactions compete with each other in real time. So it's a real time marketplace for inclusion in the next block. The primary mechanism of signaling is gas price. And there are all sorts of factors that go into that. And I often describe it as people think that blockchains are like a nice formal waltz. It's very organized and very civil, but when you show up in the mempool, it's a lot more like a mosh pita. And, you know, you might, you might show up in your, your fine gown, and then you wind up with a broken nose and you go, hey, that's not what I expected. You go, yeah, it's kind of a rough and tumble place, and you need tooling and need information and perhaps need some protection to navigate it successfully.
Speaker B: That's super interesting. I always use the one, one more analogy I like to use, like, you're waiting in line at a club, right? And you're. We can get into this part. I think this is actually a good segue. I use this when I talk about Max fee and priority fees, right? And it's like, okay, your, your base fee or your base fee is your cover to get into the club, right? And then your priority fee is what you grease the bouncer with to jump the line, right? So like, let's. Let's get into, you know, the gas prices I want to bring up while we do this, because I want to bring up the. Your guys website and the block native gas estimator while we talk about this, because I think this is one of my favorite tools. I think it'll be good for people to visualize here. So walk us through what we're looking at or thinking about when we're talking about gas fees, particularly even in an NFT tilt or what's happening during a mint.
Speaker A: Sure. So actually, if you scroll. So, by the way, this is gas blocknative.com dot. It's publicly accessible. You can also use our chrome brave and Firefox extensions. You can embed it right in your browser. And if you create a block native user account and log in with the extensions, you can actually set like alerts. So you'll get push notifications if the base fee falls above or below certain thresholds that you set. It's super cool. So how does the network work? So, first off, in August of last year, there was a major upgrade to Ethereum called the London hard fork. At the London hard fork, it included this really fundamental change called EIP 1559 that altered the way that gas fees work. And there's actually surprisingly deep and profound what's actually going on there? And we have a number of blog posts that talk about this, including one of our most popular blog posts, and I think it might be even linked. Here is a definitive guide to EIP 1559, because we're getting so many questions. So what happens in the way the network works now, and as part of EIP 1559 is that there's two components to pricing your transaction. The first is what's known as the base fee, and this is determined by the network. Okay? It is absolutely required. If you submit a transaction which does not have a sufficient base fee, your transaction is not a candidate for inclusion. There is no way to write to the network if you don't have a sufficient base fee. And to your point, it's the, it's the. The entry fee for the club, right. The issue is the base fee is constantly moving based on the capacity of the club. Okay? And so, you know, someone in front of you may pay $8 to get in, but by the time you get to the front of the line, it might be $12. Right? So if you were thinking it's $8 to get in, and you get there, you hit the front of the line and they say, hey, $8 is to get you in. Go wait over here. Maybe the club gets less crowded, and maybe it'll come back down and then we'll let you in. Or maybe you're going to be standing outside all night. There's no way to know. Right? And then, so you have the base fee, which is determined by network, and it is determined by an algorithm. And that algorithm and how it works is sort of fascinating, and we can get into that a little bit. Which how does the base fee move and why does it move is its own separate topic. And then on top of that, you have what's known as the priority fee, which is also known as the minor tip. Right. That's technically optional, but there's sort of a minimum tip that you have to put in there. And the reason why you need a minor tip is the base fee gets burned. So all the ETH that's associated with the base fee. And by the way, on ethereum gas fees can only be paid in ETh. They're denominated in ETH. This wasn't true before. And so it establishes ETH as the core currency of the Ethereum blockchain. Your base fee eth gets burned, it disappears, and it's a way to sort of reduce supply of ETh. So it's better for ETH holders. But if I'm a miner who has to do work to include your transaction. I don't see any of the base fees just goes away. And so you put a little bit of a tip on top to say, hey, thanks for letting me in the door, mister bouncer. And typically it's pretty low. Like you can see right here these priority fees that are shown, it's pretty small, it's too Gwei at the 99% level. We can talk about what that means. So it's just a little bit on top, but that's driven by psychology. So the priority fee is entirely determined by what the user chooses to put in there. You sort of look at what's going on and sort of say, this is what I think is fair. But when there's like a big crush, like for instance, Snoop Dogg is going to go on at the club or there's a major NFT drop happening, what do people do? They really want to get in, so they slam up their priority fee, right? So even though the base fee is creeping along by this algorithm, suddenly the priority fee explodes. Why? Because people went through that door, people went into the next block, and this can happen really, really suddenly. Like these surges in the priority fee can be nearly instantaneous. And so here you are, ready to participate in the NFT drop. Here you are at the front of the line, excited to get into the club, and out of nowhere a bus shows up full of people with thousand dollar bill or ten hundred dollars bills, right? And they just shove you aside and you're like, I totally just missed Snoop. I totally missed the NFT drop. And it's because there was a surge of activity in the priority fee for folks who are trying to get it. And so this is a little bit. And then, oh, by the way, there is one really important idea here, which is called the max fee. So the max fee is the maximum amount you are willing to be paid. You are willing to pay to be included and it includes a safety factor. And so people often get thrown off by this because under most circumstances, you will not be charged the max fee. It's like the upper bound. Like, I'll get it. You know, I'm willing to pay up to $200 to get into the club, but probably you're going to pay 120, right? You may pay 130, you might pay 80, but if the club is, is packed and 200 is sufficient, you're going to pay those. But if to get in the club is going to be $500, you're not going to pay $500 because your max fee was set at 200. Right. That's it. So the max fee includes a safety factor, which is actually quite good for transaction performance and predictability, but is disorienting for a lot of users because they think that's what they're actually going to pay and they almost always get charged less. Right. So it's, the good news about EIP 1559 is it made things a lot more efficient and made things a lot easier to sort of understand, but it also made things more complicated in the mechanics of all of this. And so, anyways, that's a little bit about what you're seeing here. Base fee, priority fee, max fee, and sort of how they bubble along when there's not a lot of congestion and then how they surge during NFT drops. Does that make sense?
Speaker B: Yeah, super interesting. And then, you know, I wasn't, I'm not sure if I saw, if it was you that gave this presentation that I saw in a YouTube video or somebody else from your company, but I saw this fascinating presentation on YouTube where somebody had actually put out what happens, like a chart on what happens with the gas during a mint and how it changes from the base fee goes up really quickly, but then matches where it kind of levels off at what people are paying for the priority fee. Was that you that gave that presentation?
Speaker A: Yeah, that was me. And so we have talked about this phenomena in a couple of different contexts, but I think probably the most accessible one was my talk at ETH Denver 2022. You can find that online. I also shared a bunch of new data on that at MeV Day in Amsterdam, which is now if you go to Mev Day, you can find my talk there. We've also published blog posts on this. And so what we talk about is the interplay between algorithm and psychology under priority gas auctions and sort of network spikes. So it's worth drilling in a little bit to the base fee and how it works. And so the base fee and EIP 1559 is pretty interesting. So one of the changes with EIP 1559 is it introduced what's known as variable block sizes. So it used to be blocks where I'll fix that a certain size. And under 1559 blocks can now flex up and flex down depending on network demand. Okay. And the idea is that the base fee targets 50% full blocks. So if the current block is 50% full, then the base fee won't change. Okay. But if the current block is more than 50% full, then the base fee goes up because it's trying to raise prices until there's less demand to go down. And similarly, if the block is less than 50% full, then the base fee will go down. So the base fee is responsive to demand and the size of blocks. You with me so far?
Speaker B: Yeah, hold on one sec. I actually was able to find really quickly here some of the charts that I think I've seen you talk about. So I'll throw one up here. So here's a good example of this, I think. And then I have three charts here. So you got your priority fee. Oh, wait, I want the base fee one, right? So let's go to, hold on one sec. We want base fee.
Speaker A: Yeah, so let's talk base fee. Let's stop it there when you show that. So, okay, so here's a base fee, right? And so if a block is 100% full, meaning there's like maximum demand on the network, the most the base fee will rise is 12.5% block to block. So the base fee is this algorithm that goes up in little stair steps, but it's, it's pretty gradual. So you can see here, this is during the galaxy eggs NFT launch. You can see where the launch happens. The base fee starts to ramp up smoothly because the blocks are now full. So each subsequent block goes up and it sort of goes up until it peaks. Right. And then it sort of levels off and then it goes down. Right. By the way, the opposite is also true, a 0% full block. And this happens on Ethereum, blocks get mined with no transactions because the gas fee is too high. If it's 0% full, you'll have a decline of 12.5% of the base fee. And as you might imagine, that's less likely because there's always some demand. So one of the effects here is that the base fee goes up faster than it comes down. And you can sort of see this here. But because the base fee is constrained by 12.5% block to block increases, demand moves faster. And so if you switch to the next one, the priority fee, okay, the priority fee is. So the base fee is determined by the network. It's algorithmic, it's responsive to demand. The priority fee is driven by psychology, okay? And so users can put in whatever priority fee they need. And so what you're actually looking at here, if you look at the red square, it's the minimum priority fee in the block. So what we're doing in this analysis is we're looking at the blocks and we're saying, what's the lowest priority fee? And look at this. It goes from like basically nothing to. It slams way up. And so what's happening here is the NFT drop happens. There's this rush to get in, there's this rush to the club, the base fee is creeping along and people are throwing a $100 bills down, right? Quite literally thousand way to get in, right? And then what you notice is it starts to decline. And what's fascinating is the base fee and the priority fee interact with each other. As if you notice when the base fee here is low, the priority fee is high, and as the base fee increases, the priority fee decreases. Now, of course, to price your transactions, it's the combination, it's the sum of the base fee and the priority fee. So there should be one more slide that actually adds these two together. It adds them on top of each other. And what it looks like is a tabletop, okay? That when the NFT drop happens, basically it slams up to, in this case, about 2000 GUi to get in, right? Because everyone's jamming to get in. But the makeup of that, of that tabletop is at first almost entirely priority fee because the base fee is low. And as see, there it is. As the base fee declines, the prior, as the base fee increases, the priority fee declines. They interact with each other. The psychology is informed by the algorithm. And what's fascinating is this is traders all over the world, they're not talking to each other, they're all watching at the same time. And what seems to appear is like the network sort of like the participants sort of agree for this drop. 2000 Gui is what you're going to pay, and you're either going to pay it mostly in priority fee or you're going to pay it all in base fee. But that's basically what this is going to be priced at for inclusion. For those of your listeners out there, it really is critical to watch this stuff and to pay attention so that if you want to participate in an NFT drop, you know what's happening, you know how to structure your transaction and you go in eyes open, because some of the time you may say, look, I really want to be part of this drop, but boy, the gas fees are out of control. And at that price, you know, I love Snoop Dogg, but I'm not paying three grand to get in. I don't have three grand, right? You say, well, that's what it's going to cost to get in. You go, well, that's too bad, I miss Snoop, but at least you do that. Eyes open, right? You're sort of familiar with all of that, and we have many examples of this tabletop effect of overshoot and how these priority fee and base fee interact with each other in real time under various network conditions. And then we publish all this data and we provide tooling for, for normal folks to work with this information and make good decisions. Okay?
Speaker B: Yeah, so this is super helpful. Pete says super helpful was trying to understand the base priority relationship during the other side mint, which, you know, was somewhere between, you know, five and 6000 the entire way for the 3 hours. Right. So, you know, there was a lot of interesting things I'd be interested, I'm sure you guys have studied that. I'd be interested if you have any thoughts about that particular drop and what was going on, because I think what you said is perfectly true, where you've got the entire market basically saying, sure, this drop is worth basically in an NFT drop, the demand is basically saying your price too low. And here's what we're willing to, to pay to get to it. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Yeah, totally. Joe, by the way, we dropped your video. I'm not sure what's going on there.
Speaker B: Oh, he knows. This happens to me every damn episode because I'm on calls all day. Then my, then my camera dies.
Speaker C: I'm going to Amazon him a new.
Speaker B: Camera literally every week. So it's a running joke at this point.
Speaker A: Fair? Fair, yeah. We watched the other side drop with fascination because it broke all sorts of records. Um, one of the things about the other side drop that was, that was interesting was due to the mechanics of the drop, the, the gas fees themselves, the actual required computation on the network were higher than usual. So, you know, typically what happens is the average Ethereum block includes 150 to maybe 250 transactions of sort of various size. And so we talk about how full a block is. There's actually what's known as a gas limit. So basically it's how many transactions, but how complex those transactions are. And you can actually construct transactions on Ethereum which are too big to fit in the block. Like they will never, ever be mined. You can never do them with the current guess limit because to do that amount of calculation and computation would require more than a full block. There's no way to do that. No one would ever, well, most people would never actually do that, but it's an interesting exercise. But. So what happened on other side was, one, it was obviously Yugalabs board API Club. Two, there was this massive amount of interest and demand, but three, the individual transactions were significantly larger than they typically might have been due to some specific conditions. Of how they constructed the contract. And there's actually a bunch of analysis and conversation about why they were constructed that way and why they consumed so much gas, which I won't get into here, but the net result is it created sort of a perfect storm. And, and we have seen this in several circumstances before where it kind of creates a panic where just people sort of like the rationality goes out the window and it's just, you know, in other ways, it's almost like maybe the Beatles are in the club and people lose their minds. So here's sort of a funny story. I was with a co worker who was here in my town, and he had a Beatles shirt on. We were going to a coffee shop in, this older, elderly woman stopped him and said, oh, I saw the Beatles when they came in 1963, and they had this chat and he said, how was it? She says, I couldn't hear a thing. Why not? Just everyone was screaming, the women were screaming, all the girls were screaming so loud, you couldn't actually hear the Beatles. Right. And so what's going on in the network? Everyone's screaming so loud, you can't actually make sense of it, right. There's just so much sort of confusion and rushing and bots competing and just sort of noise in the network that you have some sort of out of control situations. Now, again, some would say this is perfectly rational, this is what happened. But there was a lot of factors that combined to create extraordinary levels of network congestion during the other side launch that made it very hard for most participants to participate. I haven't looked at the data directly, but my guess is at the very beginning of the other side launch, it might not have been so nuts that it only got nuts as sort of congestion built up and then everyone sort of ran for the door, if you will. Which is why when you say the.
Speaker C: Very beginning, what kind of time frame we talk, are we talking about the first 30 seconds? Are we talking about.
Speaker B: That's a great question.
Speaker C: Are we talking about the first five minutes?
Speaker A: Very good question. It depends. And it's typically the first handful of blocks. Okay, again, it depends. But, you know, so, so like what you can use block native tools for is you can inspect the public mempool. Okay. You can very easily using our Mempool Explorer, which is available at Explorer dot blocknative.com, you can put in contract addresses of an NFT drop and you can listen for specific events on that transaction. So if you go to. Sorry, sorry. But yeah, just click start for free in the upper right hand corner. We can show this to. So this is Mempool Explorer, publicly accessible x out of that for now, you get a bunch of advantages. So this is Mempool Explorer. Okay, now on the left you can input a contract address. On the right you get results. Here you can see on the right there's a bunch of quick starts. So actually scroll up on the right just a little bit. It's pretty neat here. So this is, so go over to the right, see where it says NFT buys and sells on OpenSea. Click, watch now. Okay, so, okay, this is like a pre built subscription. So this is the Opensea Wyvern exchange. You can see the contract address. And look on the right you see all this JSON scrolling by. This is live, like live without a net as we're speaking in the current mempool. And by the way, it just ran through 50 events, so this will only show you 50 events. That's why it stopped scrolling. And so literally what you can do, it's quite simple. Okay. You can, you can x out of that for the purposes of a demo. There it goes. This is, this is actual Opensea transactions in the mempool right now. And we could actually get into this and look at them. But, but the idea would be, let's say there's the other side launch. You know, the contract address. You put the contract address in here and then you watch for specific function calls that, that would indicate that the NFT drop is now live. And the thing here is you're not looking at on chain data, you're looking at pre chain data so that the events you get here says, this is going to happen. It's coming up soon, not, it's happening right now. Right. And you can look at that, you can actually see, hey, this is about to go live. And therefore you can participate in the, you know, 15 to 60 seconds immediately after the velvet rope gets dropped. Okay. And by the way, this is what everybody else is doing. This is what all the top NFT traders in the world do, this sort of stuff. They're watching the mempool to see when things are going to happen and so that they can get immediately in as fast as possible. And there's actually a whole bunch of other interesting mechanics about like inter block ordering and sort of where in the block you appear and why. But I say all of this because often what we find is at the very beginning, in the first few blocks after an NFT drop, the market's trying to reach equilibrium. The market's trying to figure out what it's going to do. There can be bargains to be had. There can also be extreme over demand. So the gates drop, everybody surges in and you're like, that's crazy. I'm going to sit back and a minute or two later, congestion drops a little bit and you can pay a whole lot less. It depends on the drop, it depends on the psychology, but at least you can have full visibility into what's happening so you're not left three minutes later in a discord server. Someone types, it is now live and it propagates through the network and meanwhile a dozen blocks have gone by and now it's congested. So anyways, this is just some of how this data can be used, but quite frankly, is used every single day in the world of NFT. And NFT drops, by the way. Similarly, you can do the same thing to look at buys and sells. If you're a NFT holder and you're curious about transactions, whether it's prices or surges or pricing are declining, you can use this tooling to figure out transactions that are going to happen before they actually happen. It's literally seeing the future. Not kind of, not sort of, it's actually the future. And so the whole idea behind block native is we think everybody should have access to this tooling. We think everybody should have access to these techniques, not just the most sophisticated and the most knowledgeable. And so this is why we do what we do and this is why we make our tools available.
Speaker B: That, I mean, that's awesome. And I'm just reading the comments here and obviously this people love it. This episode is having the effect that I thought it would because I think there is a super big knowledge gap here. And, you know, I've used this mempool explorer for exactly what you've said. Right. And I mean, I've seen people, I think bots are using a lot of this stuff, obviously, because there's bots that are jumping into, but they're jumping into the same block as the caller that's switching the contract. Right. And I've seen bots actually fail because they hit this and they were too fast and they got in before they got in before the call. Right. And so it's super interesting to find out, you know, to utilize this because I think it's a tool everybody should have in their tool belts when you're talking about minting nfts and just an overall knowledge in what's actually going on in the market because I think there's just such a. It's funny when I first got into the space, even things like Etherscan seemed daunting. Right. And I think everybody that's new has that feeling where they look at Etherscan and they're just like, I don't know what I'm looking at or what it means. Right. And they don't realize that they're in such an uphill battle on, against their peers. Right. So knowing this stuff is super important. Knowing it exists and knowing where to find it. I, like Jason, might have to go back and listen to the episode.
Speaker A: That's good.
Speaker C: That's good for the downloads.
Speaker B: Pete says Mempool explorer is literally the Precogs for a minority report. I love that. Yeah. So I mean, I think this is fascinating. I think the other thing. So you've done an awesome job with showing us, you know, how to find this data, what it means and making it available. The block native, you know, the gas estimator is something I use literally every day. What other tools do you guys put out there? And I guess this two part question here. What do you think the average NFT trader from your suite of products needs to have in their tool belt and how can they use them?
Speaker A: Sure. Great question. So absolutely, start with our gas estimator and gas extension. So there's, there's a couple, so there's a couple of things to know about that. So the free version of this updates every 5 seconds. So you get five second updates. But if you have any level of commercial account with block native and you log in, you get updates every second, which most of the time maybe you need, maybe you don't need. But during NFT launches you absolutely need every second update. Right. So because the price moves so quickly that you need to have as close to real time data as possible. And so literally we're, what's happening under the covers of our gas estimator is quite, quite interesting. We look at the global mempool, we try to predict a which transactions that are currently pending are going to be in the next block. And then we basically draw confidence levels. Our gas estimator works slightly different. We have 99%, 95%, 90, 85. We're basically saying if you want to get in the next block with 99% confidence, here's what you need to do. That includes some safety factor. The whole idea here is we're literally predicting the contents of the next block and then doing some analysis on that and reporting that back out. So you get that via our gas estimator now you can get access to the actual API event. So if you go back to Mempool Explorer, head start for free again. Oh, actually you'll need to log in for this. But if you're logged into Mempool Explorer, you get a little gas widget and you can click on that and you can actually see the API payload. So if you're building bots, then the bots can receive the JSON and you can programmatically set prices based on what's coming off of the gas platform. And then the whole secret here is these are real time ML models that update every second, you know, 24 hours a day, seven days a week. We're constantly updating these models and efforts to help people get to the next block. So definitely use that. Two. With Mempool Explorer, you can pretty easily set up monitoring your own hot wallet. So by the way, I can show you this too. So if you click start for free again, what you should be doing. So x out of that, scroll down a little bit. Let me just see where it is on the right. Maybe it's off to the side. There should be a connect your wallet. You click on that, it actually uses. Click a little arrow here next to the NFT buys, sorry. Down in the low. Yeah, the white one right there. Next. Yeah, that one. Sorry. Ah, there you go. Click that. So this is, by the way, a library that we provide called web three. Onboard, you connect your wallet and then right away what will be happening is. So now look, see your metamask public key is right there, your public address. And so it will monitor all transactions involving your wallet id. Okay. And you'll get events right here anytime something's going out or coming into your walleth. And you can click, click, click here, save this up and like write this out to a slack channel or write this out elsewhere and literally get notifications on your phone when transactions are entering or leaving your wallet. This will massively reduce transaction anxiety. And it does two things. It lets you know when you're actually transacting that the network is seeing it because we're just monitoring the mempool. So we're telling you when, hey, we saw your transaction go out. It will also tell you when transactions are coming into you. It will also give you peace of mind that nothing unauthorized is happening with your hot wallet. And oh, by the way, if you're just chilling out and you start seeing that fire, you may have a problem, you may have a compromised wallet. You may need to get on that. Even experienced users, massively experienced users who understand the risks of hot wallets, use this capability to watch their own hot wallet. Just help them sleep better at night so they're not worrying about what's going on. Always recommend that people start there. So our browser extension for gas estimation login set alerts. Use Mempool Explorer to monitor your own hot wallet. Write that out to a slack channel or something else so you get real time alerts. Like, that's super easy.
Speaker B: Okay, one quick question on. One quick question on the mempool Explorer before we move on. So when you're looking at a contract address, right, so say you're watching for mint to go live, you're looking at a contract address. What exactly are people looking for to tip them off that the, that it is live and able to go.
Speaker A: So, okay, so our infrastructure works on addresses and on transaction hashes. Typically what people do is they watch an address. Okay, so you have what, you have a smart contract address, which looks something like this, that is uniquely associated with the NFT drop. That smart contract includes a number of function calls, so specific things, specific capabilities that, that smart contract enables. And different NFT contracts have different labels for this, but there's a specific function which is like drop the rope. Right? Begin the mint, which basically is at the network level, like when you can start to enter the club, when you can participate. And so there's this notion of what is called NFT sniping, right? NFT sniping is watching for the rope to drop and then getting in as fast as possible and or figuring out what's going on with the NFT drop to try to identify where the rare NFTs are going to get minted and making sure you get those. So there's a whole class of analysis. And again, there's like specific function names. There's some functionality that we have here that you can decode the contract and then you can look at the contract and pull this all apart. So, like, if you click the reset button at the bottom, I can just show you where some of this is. Click the watch top dexs for pending transactions. That one right now. So what we'll do there is we're looking at Uniswap, balancer, sushi and curve, right? And you'll notice that next to each one of these contract addresses, there's this green Abi key. So that means that we understand this contract. It's lit up. So under sushiswap, click filter. Do you see that? That right there? Yeah. Click. Click that. Okay, now create new filter. Now select. Click on that.
Speaker B: On asset.
Speaker A: No, it says, I see, create new filter. So on that little box. Yeah, click that.
Speaker B: Yeah, you probably can't see the drop down in front of me.
Speaker A: So you can go into contract call and you can say matches. And then what you'll actually see are all of the contract calls that Uniswap V two supports.
Speaker B: Yeah, I see, I see. Contract address, contract alias, contract decimals, contract name, all of that I can select.
Speaker A: Like you can look at, swap exact eth for tokens, right? And that's a specific function that the Uniswap V two contract supports. And so you can say, I only want to know, I'm filtering this so I can only see those, right? So this is, this idea is you create a subscription to a contract, you will get everything for that contract. And then you can filter and say, look, I only really care about specific functions being called, like the function correlated to mint. Right? And so anyways, by the way, this is what everybody else is doing. This is how this game is played today. Oh yeah, there you go. Right, so this list here, that's specific to Uniswap v. Two because it's what the smart contract code supports. I know, I warned you a nerdy here, this is how the actually works underneath the covers. And as someone who's new to the industry, it can sort of feel like you're a couple, you're grasping at straws. It's not that complicated, but it's not that simple either. Tools like Etherscan, tools like Transaction street, tools like block native, Mempool explorer and gas estimator can help you level up your game quite a bit.
Speaker B: Phonics says this episode should be a mandatory watch for anyone in ETh or NFT. So I agree, phonics. So, okay, that was a great explanation. We can move on from Mempool Explorer. So go back to the chat about what other potential products should that you guys have should be in people's tool belt.
Speaker A: So a big one that's relatively new for us is called transaction preview. So one of the things that we do is we provide transaction simulation. So it basically takes a transaction and simulates it against the current blockhead. So like what's going to happen when this transaction is confirmed? Then we sort of trace that all out with the net balance changes. We have a new capability called transaction Preview, where it's a little bit technical, but you can submit to us an unsigned transaction, something you're thinking about, and we will return very quickly in a matter of milliseconds. Here's what would happen if you submitted this transaction right now. And hey, by the way, it's going to fail and all you're going to do is waste your gas. So don't submit this transaction. It's a dumb thing to do. Okay? And so, or hey, if you submit this right now, here's probably what's going to be the output of. And so we're basically providing tooling for folks to sort of just like you can see the future of what's going to happen on the network, you can see the future of what's going to happen on your own transaction. Okay? And so this is, again, it's documented. We have a full documentation site at docs dot blocknative.com dot. It's in our navigation and you can look at the transaction preview API. And again, it's just another set of tools to help participants in this ecosystem have a better sense of what's likely to happen and transact with more confidence. This notion of simulation is actually a pretty powerful one, and it's one that's worth getting familiar with, because again, this is what the sophisticated actors will do. So, by the way, what a sophisticated actor might do is simulate dozens or hundreds of transactions. At the same time, it's very computationally expensive to do and say, of all the possible simulations I ran, which has the best outcome, that's the one I'm going to do. Okay, because what you want to do is you want to get the mint without overpaying, right? So I'm going to simulate a bunch of different gas prices. I'm going to simulate a bunch of different gas limits. I'm going to try to optimize this so I get it in exactly the way that I want to get it right. And these are more sophisticated techniques, which again, are used out there quite widely, and we provide infrastructure to enable that. We have more coming out. So there's sort of watch this space where we have a bunch of new products coming out that give even more fine grained control over various stages of the transaction lifecycle. So when we think about the transaction lifecycle, it's like I have an idea to transact, I have to compose my transaction, I have to price my transaction, I have to simulate my transaction, I have to transmit it to the network, I have to monitor it, and then it finalizes, it confirms or fails or something else. And we are stringing together all of these capabilities into a single real time API, which can be used by wallets, can be used by dapps, can be used by protocols to enable great user experiences, and that ultimately can be used by end users. So our vision of this would be regular people get access through their wallets. The wallet embeds all this stuff for you. So you get the benefit of all these rich and advanced capabilities without having to go in and muck around in the JSON and write custom code. But that's what it means to be an infrastructure provider. We're below the surface in many regards.
Speaker B: Very cool chamber. Mind blown or what?
Speaker C: Yeah. Fun story. When you were showing, when you were showing your wallet as it was monitoring transactions in your wallet, I sent you one, but I think you were using a different wallethead.
Speaker B: Awesome.
Speaker A: So I just sent you money.
Speaker B: Thank you. Yes.
Speaker C: I'm gonna send them one. It'll pop up.
Speaker B: Max, can you come back later tonight? Maybe sometime tomorrow? Also, we could do this again.
Speaker C: Just a cool 0.05. What's a little 0.05 between friends?
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker A: So, by the way, if you want to try this stuff out, we support main net. No, to test that. So you can. You can send rinkeby test either Garly text test, either round two. We support Ethereum, Polygon. We got a bunch of cool stuff coming very soon on Polygon. You know, sort of all this stuff coming to polygon. We support gnosis chain, we support BNB slash, you know, binance smart chain, we support phantom chain, and we support bitcoin. So you can use our tools and all those ecosystems. And you might imagine we're talking to a lot of other ecosystems to provide enablement there. We're pursuing progressive decentralization and maybe a dao for a lot of these ideas because we think this is a public good, and certainly aspects of it should be community governed and open source and community owned. So it's all sort of formative stages. We're out there talking about this stuff and just super excited to be sharing what we're building with the ecosystem. And I said at the beginning, but I'll say it again now, an informed user is a better user. And so we're all about making sure that everybody in the ecosystem has access and has the understanding necessary to use this stuff with confidence.
Speaker B: So that's an interesting point. So if everybody was using these tools, everybody, and we all knew exactly how to use them, what effect do you think would happen to, you know, would we still see this during mints and would be like, at the extremeness, would we see more? Will we see less? Would we, or would it be somewhere in the middle? Just curious on your opinion on that, because I was thinking to myself that the whole time is like, well, what if everybody used this, would it be more or less likely or the same that you'd see this kind of behavior during a drop?
Speaker A: It's a very good question. I think at the base level it would level the playing field because the truth is it's not a level playing field right now, and it favors a small number of very sophisticated actors and it penalizes everybody else. So we think that's not great and we think it should be a more level playing field. To be honest, I don't think it would change the gas prices all that much because gas prices just reflect demand for a precious asset. Right. It's just under certain conditions, there's very high demand for block space and the prices reflect that. Right. I think over time we expect to see a lot more understanding and optimization and refinement for this. So you might imagine, you know, NFT mints, which are timed for periods of low network volatility. So you say, hey, we're going to drop this mint as soon as the base fee falls below 50, okay? And so that way, like, hey, at least everybody knows we're going to start at a reasonable price point so that people don't get priced out at the start. If five NFT drops happen, you know, the same 05:00 p.m. eastern time that everyone's going after during, you know, the NBA Finals, everybody suffers from that. And so we think that there is many, many ways that this information can be used constructively by the ecosystem to just make it healthier for everybody, quite frankly.
Speaker C: I also like how the guy from San Francisco is talking about the NBA Finals.
Speaker A: Boston and San Francisco. So you can imagine.
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: That'S right.
Speaker A: So anyways, we're excited about that. And if you want to learn more from us, we're lock native on Twitter. I'm Cutler on Twitter. And definitely follow our because we're publishing about this stuff all the time and just really appreciate being here, gentlemen, and really appreciate everybody tuning in live. It's great to see the enthusiasm for this topic.
Speaker B: Absolutely. I think it's a super necessary topic. I'm so grateful to have had you and your expertise join us. I think it's going to go a long way to educating our audience and I can imagine this episode will be evergreen and one that people go back to as they enter the space. So thank you so much, Matt, for joining us. Chamber, any last words before we part.
Speaker C: F Boston.
Speaker B: You'Re talking to, you're talking to a Lakers fan over there. So he's salty. He's salty.
Speaker A: I don't mind.
Speaker C: I have no problem. Golden State winning. They're the.
Speaker A: Totally.
Speaker B: Fair enough. He didn't pay enough priority fee to get in the playoffs.
Speaker C: Yeah, so I didn't have to click the checkbox so all the kids can listen.
Speaker B: This all okay, good, good. Awesome. Well, that's going to do it for us. Follow Matt. Follow block native. Go to block native. Check out the gas estimator. And definitely the mempool explorer. That's new one in your tool belt, I guarantee it. Until next time, stay mint.
