Speaker A: Gm, how are you?
Speaker B: Good, man. You know, just trying to survive these streets.
Speaker A: Oh, man, the streets. The streets are we, is that we're talking about today. The streets.
Speaker B: The streets are very bloody and it's, it's good for some, terrible for most.
Speaker A: I would say terrible for most. How's it going for you?
Speaker B: Not bad. Like, you know, up a little bit more, like, you know, maybe 20% up from last week, 30% up from last week. Overall?
Speaker A: Overall, like your entire portfolio?
Speaker B: Yeah. So not, not awful, but not what I want. I want so much more.
Speaker A: Well, do you feel, do you still think we're early? Like where do you think we are?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean we talked about this a little bit. Like it's still, we're in the bull and it's going to take some time to get into that absolute euphoric level. And I think a lot of us that are early will sometimes feel it's, they're late or they're running out of time and we'll try to over trade and we'll lose money in a bull market over trading. Looking to chase, you know, the current meta, you know, whatever the, whatever the soup du jour is. And it's good to take a little bit of a step back and really just kind of survey the land. Understand this is a ten month journey and there'll be tons of time to make money. It doesn't all need to be made in the span of two or three weeks.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's, that's the hard part for me. And that's where I think I messed up in the beginning of this, right? I was so excited to get, get in the game like feel the bull market going. And what happened to me there was I over allocated too fast, right. And like that was when the market was like super hot. Everything's on fire. And then what happens is you don't leave yourself enough room when the dips happen, right. Like buy the dips is for a reason, you know what I mean? Like we, I didn't leave myself enough room to come in and I secure myself in the ones I was like confident in. And now that leads you to just be mostly underwater for on like longer term bags. Is that, is that your experience so far?
Speaker B: Absolutely. I mean I have that perspective a little bit where, you know, there's positions that I'm in that aren't ideal, but I do think long term will play out in my favor. Like for example, I still hold and have accumulated small, which was a, was a hot, you know, hot pre sale last week.
Speaker A: So you are. You're interested in accumulating some bags like that.
Speaker B: Yeah, like, I think that one, you know, specifically on. On Solana, you know, currently at a $45 million market, captain, with $51 million worth of liquidity.
Speaker A: Yeah, I see. Like, those are interesting to me. Like, those ones where you have established market caps and liquidity greater than the market cap means all you need is catalyst and attention. Right? Like, that's exactly. You're going to get a fire. Like, one. Once it's done accumulating, you're going to get. If you have a catalyst, it's like spark to a flame, you know?
Speaker B: Exactly. I mean, this one specifically has just under 40,000 holders. The liquid, I mean, I don't know if you're familiar with what happened. Like, so the guy that created it kind of. He was at the. At the peak of the presale meta that was happening a week ago or two weeks ago, and everybody piled in, and all of a sudden, he had over $30 million in this presale, and he didn't fully know how to take care of it. And when you have that much money, there's definitely the greater community worries that he'll. He'll just take the money and run, you know? Of course, better people have, you know, I'm saying. So there was a moment there where, you know, people weren't sure if he was just gonna. If he was gonna rug, and I think just got, you know, over his head as far as the amount of dollars he was dealing with.
Speaker A: And what would you do if you had $30 million sitting in your sole wallet?
Speaker B: Yeah, look at. I'd be googling non. No extradition countries. That's what I'd be doing.
Speaker A: I would be side note, before, no, I wasn't, but that's funny. But my question was, if you put out your wallet address now, how much money do you think people would send you?
Speaker B: I don't think very much. For the record, we did this. We did the pre sale with make it all back the end of January. I forget how much we ended up getting.
Speaker A: Might have been like, didn't you get 100 soul?
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm trying to think what the dollar amount was at that time, I.
Speaker A: Think was over less than a $100.
Speaker B: Definitely less than 100. I feel like we had, like a. I don't know, like 40 grand total. 40. Somewhere in there, I might be wrong, but, you know, we had. We had lots of liquidity to drop, and, I mean, we were dealing with much smaller amounts as far as total wallets. That participated, total soul participated. And we were able to do everything properly as far as, like, you know, send, send the token holders there their portion lock the liquidity, burn the liquidity pool tokens. And we were, unfortunately, I think, a little bit early on the presale meta, and then all of a sudden everybody else started going. So there's a lot of similarities between kind of what we did with make it all back and smoke coin, where it was just on a much grander scale. And the gentleman that was spearheading that particular project, I don't think, fully understood the mechanics of a token distribution of that size. Again, I think they had 30,000 wallets participate. $30 million. I think it was $32 million worth of Solana.
Speaker A: That's insane. It's just insanity.
Speaker B: And, I mean, they were trying to set up LP's and it was such a big transaction that they were having issues doing it. There was congestion on the Solana blockchain. So there was a lot of this, like, oh, is he actually trying to do it? Where in fact, it was actually congesting the network. There were some other projects doing the same thing. And now he had locked the liquidity, or he had finally set it up, and then he had these LP tokens that were worth $30 million, and he started asking the community, what should we do with this? I know the original plan was burn everything, but should we keep some? Should we not? And then there was a little bit of backlash there and he finally said, screw it, I'm just going to burn them. And he straight up burnt $32 million worth of LP tokens. And now it's just, it's, you know, it's in the ether now.
Speaker A: So wait a second. So explain to me how that works. So what's the difference between what lock did and what he did, and, like, slurf? Or are they the same thing?
Speaker B: I don't know exactly what slurp did. So, like, so you can do a couple of things. So when you, when you create an LP for a particular token, you put in equal parts of whatever the pairing is. So there's, you know, in this case, it was small and Solana, so you put in equal amounts, and then radium or whoever, you know, whoever you're putting that liquidity on gives you LP tokens. It's basically like a receipt that you've pooled these, these two pairs. So you can, you can trade those back in and get that liquidity pool or that liquidity back, depending on a couple of things. You can set your liquidity pool to timeout after 30 days, after 60 days, 90 days a year, a lot of times you'll see liquidity is locked for three months, or liquidity is locked for twelve months. Whenever that time comes up, that becomes available liquidity. And you can exchange your LP tokens for that liquidity back, or you can lock that up again. The real move is to burn. Take those tokens that you get that receipt and essentially light it on fire, send it to a dead wallet, send it to a burn wallet, and it's just locked in perpetuity. You can never get that liquidity back. It's there in the ecosystem forever.
Speaker A: Interesting.
Speaker B: So I don't know what Slurf did. My guess is they probably did something similar.
Speaker A: I'm pretty sure slurf, like, burned everybody's money. All the pre sellers. He.
Speaker B: Oh, Slurp was the one that, like, sent, like, a weird amount of tokens to a burn wallet or something like that. Yeah.
Speaker A: So, like, nobody got tokens and $30 million or whatever was burnt.
Speaker B: I can't speak intelligently to that. I don't know exactly what that sounds. That's. That was definitely a one off that I'd never seen before.
Speaker A: Yeah, that was wild. And I'm not sure if that was on purpose or not. But anyway, so, yeah, so you're in on the small, you've. You're accumulating a bag. What other things are you finding? Like, how else are you feeling about this market to be in particular? Do you feel like we are? So what's are we at today on bitcoin? We're at so bitcoin. We're currently at 69.7.
Speaker B: Nice. I mean, that's kind of where we want to be. We saw a pullback.
Speaker A: We touched $71,500 today.
Speaker B: Oh, really? That's pulling it up now. So we went as low as 61. Got it. Just underneath that. I mean, yeah, it looks like a nice, healthy pullback. I actually don't see. That might be it. That might be it for the pullback. For the short term, I could see us kind of breaking all time high on bitcoin and then retesting the previous all time high, like, retesting that 72 range. We could get north of that, say, I don't know, $90,000 bitcoin or 85,000. I mean, I have no idea.
Speaker A: I'm just taking. Do you think the dip's over?
Speaker B: It could be. What I'm saying is we could see more all time highs. We'll call it $85,000. Bitcoin. We could see up to there, and I could see a pullback back down to 70,000 retest. Hopefully, it bounces off support and then go up again. I just don't see that super parabolic move happening until much later in the year. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Yes, I agree with. I agree with that. As we're talking here, this is how dirty the streets are. Just got. This is my third rug I've gotten today. Third?
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, no, I saw a couple of them already. This is the third one. You had a great call today.
Speaker A: Yeah, I hit a 25 x or today. And then have proceeded to get rugged, at minimum, three times today.
Speaker B: So what do we have more like a. Like a 20 x?
Speaker A: Yeah. After expenses, I'm still far, far over where I started today, so that's. That's a good thing. But the. Yeah, it's been a rough go since I'm trying to. I'm trying out a new strategy, and it is, you know, it's very risky. It includes, you know, the basis of. It is essentially new pairs launching on Solana, which is obviously a very risky game. But this is the game we're playing today, so we should.
Speaker B: We should create a new, like, crypto ibita earnings before rugs or something. There's an acronym we can definitely create.
Speaker A: I kind of like earnings before rug.
Speaker B: Yeah. Because my rug ratio goes up after the higher x you make on a trade. The ratio of rug participation goes up tremendously after that.
Speaker A: I mean, they're all the same. Like, it's all the same type of strategy. But now, if I'm looking at, like, what was the successful one versus the ones that were rugs, there's definitely some patterns. Right. So I'm gonna have to reevaluate those. But overall, today, we. We did very well. I'm not going to complain, however. I mean, it is. It is brutal if those are the streets you're gonna play, you know?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, you had mentioned earlier, like, what my plan was. I honestly think we're kind of, like, in a redistribution of blockchain right now. I think the last month or so has been obviously heavy in Solana. Probably more than that. Very heavy Solana, I think last week we saw, in my opinion, was an unorganic base. Push or blast? Push. I forgot what it was. I think it was base to. This is an Ethereum layer two that you can transact on. I know you know that. I'm just saying that for the listeners. But I do think, like, this is a good moment. In time to look at different plays on different blockchains. So, like today I found, you know, I was looking at different, you know, meme coins on base. I was looking at some stuff on blast and just kind of looking at different areas where the market may swing to. I don't think the market has decided where the next kind of big influx of volume is going to come from. So I think it's good to be like, spread out a little bit. I also have some Ethereum, you know, just layer one ethereum projects that I have that are sitting really pretty, that I'm expecting some good things from. So I'm just trying to kind of redistribute some. Some positions into different blockchains and, you know, get accustomed for it. So if the volume does go heavy on one specific thing, you know, there's less of a. Less headwinds as far as like, learning new stuff, how to transact on it, where to go. So I think there's a good time for that kind of thing.
Speaker A: Yeah. What's your appetite for other l one or other l two stuff? Are you playing in the blast and.
Speaker B: Yeah, I got a couple of bass projects. I found some. It's great sometimes.
Speaker A: What are you playing with in the base streets? I have yet to. First of all, I am of. I am one of the folks that was impatient about blast, and I've pulled all my money there weeks ago. So I am not participating in any of the new fangled blast gold farming or anything like that. It's beyond where. It's beyond my current capacity of bandwidth. So I'm staying away from that out of nothing else, but just like lack of time. So I haven't really done much of that base also have not been in on yet. However, I'm more intrigued. I feel like in base meme coins and things like that, I'm with you on that one. Just seems like there's good liquidity there for that. I just, I'm like, I'm not interested right now in the like, really active farming. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: I agree 100%. I do have some Ethereum like ERC 20 tokens that I stake that provide me a weekly stipend, which I like. It pays for my weekly trading. So hopefully I can multiply that. But I think for the most part, I think you're right. I think base seems like the place to be. I also found when I signed, when I switched my metamask over to the base network, I actually had base in there. Like, I had Ethereum base already in there, which I didn't know. I don't know if it was, like, airdrop to me or what, but it was in my wallet, and then I started using that to trade, so I had, like, $1,500, and I'm just. To me, it was free money. So I'm like, well, let me just use this to, like, play around with some of these base meme coins. So right now, I have, like, AI Pepe, I think it's called. Yeah, it's AI Pepe.
Speaker A: Saw you buy that one today. That was on base.
Speaker B: That's on base. And I have base cat. Base cat. So those are the two I have. So AI Pepe is. Yeah, just, like, look at these ratios. So, like, it's a $32 million market cap with $530,000 of liquidity, which is not my favorite. I like a one to ten, one to 20 ratio. You know what I mean? So, like, if there's $20 million market cap, I want to see, like, a million dollars worth of liquidity. This is a $30 million market cap with $500,000 of liquidity. Not ideal. Only 659 holders. Not. Not great either, but I'm not very familiar with.
Speaker A: Yeah, but you're banking on. Well, right, exactly. You're right now banking on the fact that, like, base is new and people are gonna come and get it. You know what I mean? Like, yeah, that would be my thought. Like, think about people buying base beams a month ago, you know?
Speaker B: Exactly. Exactly.
Speaker A: So, like, that's where you are. Okay. So, you know, since I. Since I was just rugged, I have now two x'ed on another opportunity. So we're back, baby.
Speaker B: This is all happening live.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm just live trading shitters on as we're talking. So Maxwell the cat, nice little two x on Max, followed the. The playbook for the 20 x er, not the rugs. So I might be on to something with. With this specific.
Speaker B: Yeah, you gave me your. I mean, you had a. You had a 25 x using that same play, I ended up with, like, a seven x. So I was very happy with. With that today made me. A seven x is nice because I don't feel as. It doesn't give me the same jolt of adrenaline that I have to go over trade afterwards. Like, five to seven x. Five to ten x is like a sweet spot where, like, I feel good. Like, oh, I'm like, I'll just wait for the next, you know, the next conviction play, because I don't know. You know, we talk about it in our group chats. But I do feel, I get a feeling when you just start aping everything, yeah, you could win some, you're going to win a few, you're going to lose a lot. But I do find when a particular, whether it's in the shitcoin season portion of our discord or just chatting between the two of us and something comes across and you kind of look at it, you're like, this looks like it has all of the right, you know, all of the right things. That could be something. And not every play has that gives me that feeling. But more often than not, when I do get that feeling, it usually works out. So I'm trying to, like, hold back a little bit and just kind of wait for those. I'm like, oh, yeah, this looks good. Like, there's a lot of things that are, you know, a lot of boxes being checked right now.
Speaker A: What are those boxes?
Speaker B: I don't know. It's more gut instinct. Again, I think just, I think for the most part, at least for stuff on Solana, it's lower market cap. It's the meme itself. Could this work? Did we say which one we were trading today? I don't know.
Speaker A: Did you know it was a cute little otter?
Speaker B: Yeah. So, like, that one specifically, I'm like.
Speaker A: I mean, of course, cute's a good ticker.
Speaker B: Adam. Like, oh, like, and it was still, like, I think when you dropped it in my, you know, in our chat, it was, you know, like, $120,000 market cap.
Speaker A: Yeah. And I got in at 35 was my average of.
Speaker B: So I'm like, okay, that's like, the ticker was cute. It had just launched. The volume was looking as far as the trades happening, I said it looked good, and sure enough, it worked out. I mean, you can get in those same situations and have everything rug on you, which is the great equalizer, but that's kind of the stuff. I mean, you can never forecast a rugged, but that's kind of what I'm looking for. So, like, that one is a good example of, like, oh, this, this checks a lot of boxes. I'm like, let's, let's play with this one. And it's not going to work every time. But I, you know, it has a pretty good, pretty good success rate, I would say.
Speaker A: Yeah. So, like, for me, if, if you're trading these meme coins, I had a huge unlock, like, the last day of, and I don't know if anybody else has experienced this, but it was epically frustrating me as I was jumping from token to token trying to trade all this stuff. The thing I was noticing when I was using. Are you trading with bonkbot? No, you're not.
Speaker B: I've yet. He's just gonna embarrass me. So let's just pretend they didn't ask the question.
Speaker A: I'm gonna ask. What are you doing? I just use bird because the people need to know what you just use bird eye. Yeah, that's not, that's not awful. You're just, it's just slightly slow.
Speaker B: Yeah. Right. Yeah.
Speaker A: So, yeah, you're gonna get worse prices. The, this is going to sound so degenerate, but until you look at it for yourself and you see it, it will make sense to you. But you got to enter these. If you're entering them on a 1 second chart, how degenerate does that sound? First, let's start.
Speaker B: I mean, that's the Matthew McConaughey sucking back. Twelve cigarettes at a time.
Speaker A: Okay. But let me tell you why. This has been my, this has been my absolute unlock for the last, you know, day. Because I was, I was pissed. I'm like getting chopped up. Going from token to token. Even ones that were like, winners, I would say even ones that were winners, I was buying and I would be. As soon as I would make a buy, I'm down to 1015 percent. I'm down 5%. I'm down. Whatever.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And the. Holy cow, dude. Sorry. Cute little otter.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: 50. Back to $50,000. Market cap.
Speaker B: This was. I think it touched a million today, didn't it?
Speaker A: Almost. I got out at like seven. I got out at like 750.
Speaker B: That's fantastic.
Speaker A: But I left a moon bag, and that moon bag is now dust, so that I'm gonna start selling all these 100% for sure.
Speaker B: Yeah. Cute. Cute was not the ticker.
Speaker A: Well, I was.
Speaker B: It was for a moment in time.
Speaker A: Yes. That's, that's the play. These are short term trades, right? Like, that's. That's the whole point. They're short term.
Speaker B: Hey, everybody, just want to take a quick minute to thank you for listening to this show. If you're interested in joining the conversation, you can follow us on Twitter idmike crisis. We do a live show every Tuesday and Friday at 04:00 p.m. eastern. Please subscribe to the show on Apple podcast, Spotify, or wherever. You're listening to this right now. Let's get back to the show.
Speaker A: My point on the 1 second chart, though. Go. Go to any of these Solana coins right now. Do it live. Go to Dexcreener and go look at a, go look at any of the new tickers or any, the new tickers specifically are very volatile. Right. But like, go look at any of them and put on the second chart. Yeah. Bird with that. Okay.
Speaker B: It's dog rugged.
Speaker A: Yeah. Bird with hat, $2 of law, $2 of lock. Go look at, go look at. Spincat is the ticker.
Speaker B: Spin cat.
Speaker A: Yeah, this is the one I just two x on live. Okay, but go look at the, go look at the 1 second chart.
Speaker B: And this is Maxwell the cat. Is that the one?
Speaker A: Yeah. And just go from like the recent high to the recent low. And measure, measure that. Like measure the price impact of it.
Speaker B: I've never actually clicked the 1 second.
Speaker A: It's a it, the recent high to the current price. We're talking it's 25% difference. It's a 25% difference. And then go measure that amount of time. It's, let's see, it is maybe two minutes. It is 1 minute and 4 seconds. So a 25% price difference in a minute and a half. Not even a minute and 4 seconds. So what I'm telling you is when you're entering these tokens, well, just, just dumped. But see, but look at, but look at, this is a 1 second chart again. So measure, but measure that. So you've got, again, you've got a, just the dump to recovery. My point is, the entry matters so much more on these tokens than it does on established altcoins, right? Like you're not getting 20% entry swings second by second on established tokens. But it matters here. That just means like literally it matters the second you enter. So as soon as you're hitting that button, you want to be hitting that button on a low point in the, the, in that, you know, 1 second time frame rather than the high point, because you could be right, but you need to be now 25% more right than you were before. Right. You know what I mean? And so, like when you're trading high frequency or highly volatile stuff like this, that really, really, really matters. That's an edge. Like that is a difference in profit or not. Maxwell's getting slaughtered right now. I got the whole run up to the top. So there we go. We got that one. One. But what are your, what are your thoughts on that?
Speaker B: Because it's how you trading so quickly are you bonkbot?
Speaker A: Bonkbot is in and out. And there's some other bots out there. It's now called, it was unibot. It's now called trojan. Trojans. Interesting. There's photon, which is another one that's super fast. But that's. You got to use one of these bots or your toast because again, you're talking these 1 second swings. You know what I mean? That doesn't mean you hold. That doesn't mean you hold the trade for 1 second. But they are short term trades. You're not trying to enter on a 1 second chart and hold for, you know, long term. If you're holding for, you know, if you plan to hold for a week or a month or whatever, that 1 second does not matter. If you're planning for this to be a short term scalp and you're trying to two x a new. A new pair, then that matters a lot, right? So that was my unlock over the past day. That has made me much more profitable. Already.
Speaker B: This 1 second chart is giving me fucking panic attacks. So I'm going to switch back to my nice 1 hour chart. Makes me feel a lot better. I'm on deck screen right now, and I have an ad for a chart. Do you have one as well? Do you have it up? I want to see if it's the same one.
Speaker A: I don't see an ad for a.
Speaker B: Chart under trade on radium. So you'll see, like, watch on the.
Speaker A: Well, I went back. I'm not. No longer in the.
Speaker B: So this ad is for diddler, which is the apparently p. Diddy.
Speaker A: Yeah. This one meme coin last night.
Speaker B: It's crazy. And I wanted to get your. Just seeing this, um, I wanted to get your. Your thoughts on some of the. Some of the horseshit that was happening last week with, you know, some of these meme coins. Um.
Speaker A: Oh, boy. Do we even have to, like, it's.
Speaker B: I want to get. I want to get your, like, I want to know.
Speaker A: It's disgusting. And if you had it in your wallet, you're a loser. Like, that's it.
Speaker B: Okay. I wanted to see if it was, like, separate the money.
Speaker A: There's no, no, I agree. Even I have a line. I mean, I would say my line's pretty strong, but, like, there's a line, you know? And you certainly wouldn't see me even if I was holding it, posting about it on Twitter. What a fucking crazy world we live in.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm glad that was short lived. But it definitely. I'm like, oh, yeah, I forgot we were. Because we live in this, like, echo chamber, even within crypto, where it's just like, oh. Like, we're. I think. I think we surround ourselves with just, like, regular people that are just trying to, like, you know, make some money, you know, work in a community, you know, whatever. Right. Like, regular, normal individuals, I would say, with very reasonable people, you know, you know, well, manner for the most part, and then stuff like that happens, and you're like, oh, shit, I forgot we were, you know, we are still on Twitter, which is basically like four Chan lite, and I hate being reminded of that because I think, you know, when you look at the. How Twitter is viewed or how x is viewed, you know, I don't feel that way about, you know, the people that I deal with, but occasionally we get reminders of that, and it's disheartening. So I'm glad to hear, you know, you weren't making money on that.
Speaker A: No. God.
Speaker B: You know, so that that makes me feel. I mean, I didn't think you were, but, yeah, it's nice to hear that you didn't. I also didn't make money. I got rugged three times trying to trade these things. JK, JK, JK. Classic. Yeah. No, I hope you did get rude if you did trade those, but, yeah, so I'm glad that's over. It seems to be done. I'm all for funny memes, but this is something that was a stain on our.
Speaker A: Where does your line come in?
Speaker B: It's. I mean, you know me, I'm a habitual line stepper, but, I mean, when I think when it comes. We've described the show as, like, I'm trying to think of the exact words you used. Playfully disrespectful. Something along those lines. Does that sound all right? I think that's it. I think if I don't mind when it's, like, funny, I kind of equate it to, like, Shane Gillis style comedy. A lot of, like, bros kind of claim. Are you familiar with Shane Gillis? Yes, the comedian. So, like, guys like Shane Gillis and, like, there's some other ones that I like as well. You know, Daniel Tosh is kind of like that as well, that are assholes but punched down, and it makes it funny. What's his name? Anthony Jeselnik is similar to that as well, where you can make fun of things, but there's a way of making fun of things that. Is it hurtful or. You know what I'm saying? Like, there's. There's. There's a way to make a joke that can make it funny, and a lot of people think they're funny and aren't, so I don't know if it's funny. You know, Diddler is not one that I'm going to be playing with. You know what I'm saying?
Speaker A: Me either. Right, exactly. Even though that's. Even though that's, like, less. It's feel offensive. Right.
Speaker B: I agree with that, but it's less offensive, but it's not right, but it is not 100%. It's not like I just.
Speaker A: It's the same thing. It's. They're the same.
Speaker B: I just finished watching the Nickelodeon documentary.
Speaker A: I haven't watched that yet. I heard it's interesting.
Speaker B: I mean, it's. It's worth a watch. I thought it was well done. But, like, for example, I'll give you. I'll give you a perfect example. If there. Did you see the guy a couple of days ago? I'm positive you saw this. So there was this. It looked like it was a meetup. And maybe in Europe somewhere. England. I thought it was a british guy. I might be wrong, but this guy's in a room, like a conference room at best western, and he's like, we're the ones that have pumped Solana, 07:00 p.m. we're gonna dump on you. And he has, like, the. His haircut is similar to Trey Young from. I don't know if you're familiar with NBA.
Speaker A: Are you talking about these faze banks videos that are.
Speaker B: Is that what it is?
Speaker A: Is that what his name is, like and thread guy? Is that what you're talking about here?
Speaker B: No, I don't think it's threat guy. I just remember seeing this video where basically there was a room of thumbs threatening to dump Solana's price at a specific time a couple of days ago. But this guy had a terrible lid. As somebody that has lost his hair and has dealt with that, he had this mouse fur on top of his head, and literally two days later, there's another picture of him, and it looks like he's in Turkey at one of these hair transplant facilities in the shuttle bus. And it literally took Twitter, like, two days, like, 48 hours to, like, you know, make fun of them into getting, like, into getting a hair transplant, which I thought was very funny. So if there was a token, all that to say, if there was a token that embodied that, I would probably purchase it. So, like, that, that's where my line is, like, making fun of somebody that should be made fun of, because this guy was definitely primed to be made fun of. And then the fact that, like, CT just bullied him into getting a hair transplant, I think is very funny. And if there was like a hair transplant, cash tag of this guy, I would buy it. And I think that's where my line is. I think that's where it is.
Speaker A: Fair enough. I feel like that's fair. I feel like that's fair and, uh, easily judged. Meaning, like, you know, it's the definition of porn. You don't know how to define it, but you know it when you see it.
Speaker B: Absolutely.
Speaker A: Right. Um, yeah. Side note for folks that are trading these new very, very, very new pairs and all this stuff, uh, do you dabble in any of these? Are you like a new pair seeker? Are you trying to do it that way or.
Speaker B: No, no. I rely solely on information on the work of others. On the work of others. Absolutely. I'm not going to get all the x's. Perfect example today. You got a 25 x, I got a seven x. I'll give up, you know, two, three. I'll give up three times the x's to not have to do the work. So I do look, I do look for people that are smarter and better at me than this to make the call, and I will participate where I have the good feeling.
Speaker A: Got it. Well, so I do want to make you aware of and our listeners, if they are not familiar, do you know what rug check is?
Speaker B: Yes, I don't think I've ever used it, but I'm aware of what it is. I think our friend at lost mentioned it to me.
Speaker A: Yes, that makes sense. So rugcheck. It's rugcheck XYZ. And you can enter a contract address in there and it will give you a score. So the score tells you kind of, is the contract good or not? It looks for kind of all the things you would look for in an automated way. It tells you, okay, this is good. The liquidity is locked. It's got x amount of, you know, lp providers, all of that stuff. And it'll also tell you if you need to be careful and it'll give you danger recommendations and it'll tell you why. It'll say things like, oh, the mutable. The metadata is still mutable. Oh, there's a low out of liquidity providers. Oh, and I just was doing. And some of them are like, okay, liquidity is not locked. The top holders own 80% of this token, et cetera, et cetera. And I just put one in and I was kind of surprised that it had this, but I'm appreciative that it does. It literally said, known scammer holds large portion of this token. I was like, oh, wow, that's really.
Speaker B: Something that is vital information.
Speaker A: Yes. So we are currently in another live trade. We are in Potus. And I have a feeling I'm going to get rugged on this one. It's just a matter of time.
Speaker B: I'm going to play what's the market cap to liquidity ratio.
Speaker A: So this is one of those ones that has rug gritten all over it.
Speaker B: Liquidity is like $50,000. Market cap $28,000.
Speaker A: No, it's the other way around. So I've gotten rugged. I've gotten rugged on a couple of these today that have had actually higher liquidity than market cap. This one's liquidity is one hundred k. The market cap is 50k or fifty seven k. And this is the third one of these I've been in today. The, this one says good on rug checker. The other ones did too. But it's like, you know, let's, let's see what happens here. Um, I have a feeling I'm going to get rugged on it. Uh, but we'll see. Uh, what are your, what are your guesses? You think?
Speaker B: Yes, I think yes. I mean, it's got to be. What's the, what do you think the rug ratio is like 90%? Like, like nine out of ten new projects rug.
Speaker A: Like, if you're looking at, looking at something, I was looking at something, you know, day that basically said the mark. The average lifespan of these is like a day.
Speaker B: That's wild.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Like even the ones that don't rug, you know what I mean? Like you cannot rug and still look like a rug.
Speaker A: Totally.
Speaker B: You know what I mean? You can not pull your liquidity. Like you could have like a $50,000 market cap launched, lock up $20,000 worth of liquidity. That thing can go to a million dollars and round trip back to 50 20 again. And you and whoever the dev was did not pull a thing.
Speaker A: Yeah, totally. I feared a rug on this one. So I'm out already. I gotta take my modest 10% gain and just be out already. What do we think?
Speaker B: That's fine. I think that's probably the smart move.
Speaker A: This is what we're going to try to do. This is how we're going to build a bag. We're just going to. This, this strategy to me is much more akin to what I do with sports betting, um, where I have a strategy I'm trying to execute against. It's fairly emotionless and it's. The strategy is literally just compound, right? Oh, dude, is this the guy that up top that you see?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yes, I did see this phonics and cap. Thank you. Thank you, guys. Yes, I did see this. This guy apparently was charging $5,000 a pop for this course. And the course was essentially, buy bitcoin. Buy all the bitcoin you can. And then he writes. He writes on the. His whiteboard that it's going up ten x from where it currently is. So he's. This guy is super bullish. He's giving you all the great investors.
Speaker B: Do you get $4,900 worth of bitcoin when you attend?
Speaker A: Yeah. You. That should be it. Exactly.
Speaker B: That would be good.
Speaker A: Your admission fee goes to. Yeah. Buying bitcoin. And then the $100 that this guy gets for his hair replacements.
Speaker B: Did you see the Muppets in that room?
Speaker A: Like, yeah. And they're all taking.
Speaker B: So embarrassing. And you wonder why I don't tell people I'm into crypto, like, in the real world. Like, it's so embarrassing. It is. It really is. Yeah. So that's the guy. So, yeah, if there was, like a. I'm sure that. I'm sure there is. But if there was a legit project or meme coin about that guy's hair, I would. I would definitely be down.
Speaker A: Yeah, I would totally be into that one. So, by the way. Okay, let's pivot. You want to hear something? Or. I'm going to teach you about something even more degen.
Speaker B: Okay, I'm into it.
Speaker A: You ready? Oh, yeah. Gary Gazler called is a new meme coin that just launched. That one's definitely got some legs.
Speaker B: Sorry. What are you searching the new drops.
Speaker A: Oh, my man. My man. I've got the deck screener.
Speaker B: Okay, I'm on deck screener.
Speaker A: Deck screener. This one's getting bought. Sorry, Gary, you're too good.
Speaker B: It's too good to pass on.
Speaker A: It's just too good. Deck screener. And then you go to. On the side. New pairs.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Then you go to, like, newest up at the top.
Speaker B: Okay. Yeah.
Speaker A: And you can actually filter by platform. And then you go to Solana and then you can filter by volume. So then I do must have $3,000 or more volume on the five minute because. Because you're in and out. You want to be. You want to be in and out. And so you. You need, like, part of this strategy that I'm implementing is like, you need to be able to DCA, like, a little bit. And if you. If you find yourself in something with no volume, you. You can't get out. Right? Like, you're trapped. So that's why you need a little bit of a volume threshold. This one, definitely, that I just bought, definitely feels like it's going to run, but we'll see. Anyway, the Amari up 55% on it. This is what we're gonna do. We're just gonna live trade during the show from now on.
Speaker B: So, I mean, because I'm not set up with bonkbot yet, this is not an ideal situation for me. Just using like, radium or like, bird eye, correct.
Speaker A: No, you're not gonna want to do that.
Speaker B: No, I feel like I don't want to do it. That makes sense.
Speaker A: You're gonna want the bots for sure. And, like, these are not very sophisticated bots. You literally open up telegram, you set up a wallet, you export your keys. Literally. You can export your keys to your phantom wallet and just trade it, like. And then you have access to the wallet on your phantom. And you can just do everything through bonkbot. It's very, very, very easy. You can manage all your trades through bonkbot. It's really an incredible product that they created. Like, this was bomb by the bonk team.
Speaker B: We should have bonkbot as sponsors.
Speaker A: Sure. Well, we could just buy a massive bag of bonk.
Speaker B: Always, like, that's affiliated.
Speaker A: I'm like, yeah, I'm pretty sure they made this interesting. Yeah, interesting indeed. Interesting indeed.
Speaker B: So I do have. Do you want to touch on anything before we start?
Speaker A: Well, yes. I was going to teach you about. Have you heard of pump fun?
Speaker B: No, I have not heard of pump fun.
Speaker A: You have not? Interesting.
Speaker B: No, I'm going to it right now.
Speaker A: Yes. So here, this is. You could actually probably execute my strategy. A lot safer on pump fun, except. So pump funeral. Anybody can launch, it's like no code, launching a token, a meme, coin, whatever. Right? And it's basically PvP pre sale. And what I mean by that is.
Speaker B: Like, oh, I see exactly what you mean.
Speaker A: Yes. And so, like, there's no risk of getting sniped, there's no risk of getting rugged. It doesn't actually become a legitimate token with a pool until you get to 69. Until you get to 69k.
Speaker B: That's fantastic. So this reminds me of, like, early NFT bonding curve stuff.
Speaker A: It's exactly what it is. You're buying in through the bonding curve and it goes out into, and they auto create a pool once it hits 69k. So you can actually buy into these pre sales really early and trade out of them even before they ever get there. So if you identify some. And remember, you're talking like it's got to get to 69k. So if you find them really early, you're talking a decent amount of multiples before it ever even hits the radio.
Speaker B: Wild. How fast these are being, are these being created in this, that, like, thing.
Speaker A: You'Re seeing across the top that's just like giving you a seizure. I'm pretty sure those are buys.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: So, like, people are buying those specific ones, but then they come out of, they come out of the, you know, pump fun ecosystem. They go out onto. There's a, you know, then a decentralized contract with you can find on deck, screener or wherever, and you can trade it. And so some of these have made it pretty far. Like, the whole point I was trying.
Speaker B: To make is, what's the hall of Fame of?
Speaker A: So there's one called, let me see if I could find it here really quick. It was called Longboy. Longboy, yeah, Longboy. Okay, so Longboy currently has a $4.9 million market cap that came out of pump fund.
Speaker B: Interesting.
Speaker A: There was one I found the other day that I was in that was Mog mommy. That came out of pump dot fun. And that came out of pump fun and went to, then they become, they, that's the, that Longboy one with $5 million market cap is the kind of most successful one I've seen since I've been paying attention. They're not, they definitely aren't all like that. But this is super interesting, right? Like, think about, I mean, it's kind of PvP presale. So my point for you is like, man, twofold, one, you got a fun meme. Go make it and see what happens. You know what I mean? You don't need to do all that work of, uh, creating the pool, getting a pre sale done, all of that stuff. You can just go create it here and see if it catches. And if it catches, you know, it makes it out and you're, you're flying then. Right. So I think that's super interesting. And then as well as like, the PvP pre sale, I think is interesting where you can get in on something early and, you know, potentially have multiples before it even gets to the, you know, before it even gets exit velocity.
Speaker B: Right. So I would say the only downside is any, the volume is going to come from people coming to the site and purchasing it on the site. Correct. Until 69.
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. Correct. So, like, you're playing, it's very PvP in that scenario. You're literally playing against folks that but.
Speaker B: You could buy and sell before it even gets to that point.
Speaker A: Correct. And so I've. I've made a couple multiples on there, and then I've also got there, you know, the risk of buying when you get close to the top is somebody from the bottom dumps on you and it never makes it out. Right. Like, if you're buying close to the top, you're like, okay, this is gonna make it. This is gonna make it out. And then some dude with 8% of the supply just nukes it. Like, you know that it never. So I definitely lost the soul there yesterday trying to play something early that I thought was going to make it out, and it never did. So, you know, those are the. The risks associated with that are, I would, I think, fairly obvious. Right? You're. You are. It's high risk, high reward. But I think it's a. I think it's also super interesting from, like, a launch perspective. Right? Like, you, like, if you chamber, have a great, like, you know, make it all back, you could have kind of tested it here at first or, like, you know, launch a next one where I keep thinking we need me and.
Speaker B: You and it looks like you can do blast.
Speaker A: And Solana, I haven't tried to launch anything on there yet, but I wouldn't surprise me if you could do multiples.
Speaker B: Yeah, like, right. Right at the top. Yeah, blast. Yeah, you can do blast or Solana meme coins.
Speaker A: Interesting. So the. I keep thinking, I can't believe there hasn't been, like, a Tim Robinson one. Like, I think you should leave gives lends it to so many memes.
Speaker B: Like, I think you should meme.
Speaker A: I think you should meme. Oh, my God, dude. Can we launch one on pumped up one this week? Can that bending.
Speaker B: Patent pending.
Speaker A: We need to. The ticker should be it y sl. Right. It's very easy to find. What about you gotta give. That's very. But that's very specific to that one meme.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: All right, well, we need to workshop, but. But I think we should try it. I think we should try it and we should try to meme Tim Robinson into existence or, like, something from always sunny. But I think. I think that Tim Robbins has a wild following. Like, that could actually make it out.
Speaker B: We could just do, like, Tim cash Tim.
Speaker A: I was thinking about that also. That's an interesting one. Yeah. Like, I was going to see if there was a Tim coin, but I wanted to talk to you about pump fun first because I thought it would intrigue you in that sense.
Speaker B: Very intrigued. I'll have. Just for people listening, I will have pump fun link in the show notes so you can check that out. It is pretty. It's. It reminds me of, like, the first websites I saw on the Internet ever.
Speaker A: Like, the first websites ever.
Speaker B: It's wild. So, yeah. I'm surprised when I see, like. Like a dancing baby on this thing right now.
Speaker A: Right?
Speaker B: Yeah. No, this is wild. I did have one question, though, before we wrap up. My wife just got back from Costco. She brought home my favorite Costco, like, pre done meal, which is the tacos. The chicken tacos.
Speaker A: Oh, wow.
Speaker B: I wasn't sure if that was a canadian. I wanted to see if you had them in the states. So it's like a taco kit. Chicken taco kit meal.
Speaker A: We're not a huge. Oh, sorry. We're not a huge Costco house. There's not one by us.
Speaker B: Oh, really?
Speaker A: Yeah. It's like 35 minutes away, so we. Oh, yeah, we don't frequent a lot.
Speaker B: I have 215 minutes from my house.
Speaker A: Wow. Interesting. So you get to, like, choose your own Costco.
Speaker B: Yeah. I go to the good one. There's a good one. And there's, like, the not so good one. Um, okay, well, I guess it's all for not, because I wanted to see a. If you had them.
Speaker A: Well, it's not quite, because I did see a meme coin the other day that was called dollar 50 Costco hot dog. And if any token deserves to go to $1.50, it is the. Yes.
Speaker B: Dollar 50. It's programmed.
Speaker A: Dollar 50 is programmed, right? Like, how could it not be? You know what I'm talking about?
Speaker B: I love it. I think this is great. I think this is great. Have you ever had. Sorry, another Costco question. Have you ever had one of these chicken bakes at Costco?
Speaker A: Chicken bakes.
Speaker B: It's like a tube. Okay. Well, I keep seeing them in the states. Never had one. We don't have them here in Canada. And I wanted to get people's feedback on it. Like, is it worth me going over to Costco in the states and getting one of these things?
Speaker A: Interesting. You would travel across.
Speaker B: I mean, it's an hour. That's an hour from my house.
Speaker A: I'm currently getting wrecked on the latest live trade, and I had an opportunity for two x. I didn't take it. I got creedy, and now I'm. Now I'm down. So these are the decisions you need to make when you're playing in these streets.
Speaker B: You know, I keep saying diddy with hat pop up. On pump. Pump. Fun. What a wild time we're living in. Oh, by the way, if anybody lives in the Baltimore area, condolences. I don't know if you saw this today. A bunch wild stuff happened.
Speaker A: Oh, I did. I can't really, I can't believe we haven't talked about it.
Speaker B: Yeah. So anybody in the Baltimore area affected by that? Obviously all the best. Tragic boat, shipping container accident there was. As we, as the days go by, we'll, I'm sure we'll have more information, but some real, real weird stuff happening with a shipping container crashing into a bridge in Baltimore. And. Yeah, the bridge freaking collapsed. It was crazy. Crazy to see the first thing.
Speaker A: Yeah, I heard like 150 cars or something on this.
Speaker B: Yeah, I saw video of just like, it collapsing and you just see cars falling into the water. Like, it was just, just absolutely nuts wild. So.
Speaker A: Yeah, so hopefully wasn't the word on the street that, like, the power went out in the boat.
Speaker B: Yeah, like the boat likes go on and off a couple of times prior to the collision. It's.
Speaker A: But then you don't want to say.
Speaker B: I don't want to say conspiracy theory.
Speaker A: There is some of that floating around. Did you.
Speaker B: Maybe next week or maybe later this. Oh, it's only Tuesday today. Maybe Friday. Maybe Friday.
Speaker A: We haven't done a second show in a bit.
Speaker B: Yeah. So maybe Friday we'll talk if I, if there's anything to talk about there. We'll get into that a bit more. But, you know, that is three days from now, so anything could happen in crypto. So we could be like at 100k bitcoin by then, too, so you never know.
Speaker A: Yeah. Well, there you have it. That's it. Look out for the pump. Fun listing. That is definitely coming now.
Speaker B: 100% very excited about this.
Speaker A: All right, that is going to do it for us. Until next time, keep the mic hot.
