Speaker A: Oh, man. Are we live?
Speaker B: I don't even know anymore.
Speaker A: Oh, man.
Speaker B: I think. I think we may be.
Speaker C: We'll do it live.
Speaker B: Right now. We'll do it live.
Speaker C: Let's just recap that whole last 30 minutes we had and call it show.
Speaker A: That's typically. That's typically how we roll.
Speaker B: Anyway, it's going to be. You guys better be ready for this because it's going to be a ten out of ten show. This episode is brought to you by.
Speaker A: The DGen community Network media for the decentralized generation. If you want to connect or to check out more great NfT and crypto content, go to dgen.net work. That's dgen.net work. Hello and welcome to the mint condition. I am bunchu alongside my esteemed colleague and co host, Chamber. Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker B: You know what? Doing, doing pretty good today. My daughter woke me up shortly after 05:00 a.m. this morning because it's her birthday and she was excited about it. So I'm running on a little fumey over here, to be honest.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm actually in the same boat. My kid woke up at 130 in the morning. He has been a total beast lately, and I. He did not cooperate last night and I just, like, didn't go back to sleep. So from 130 in the morning to 05:00 a.m. i was awake, like, scrolling Twitter and zillow listings. Those were like the two things that I decided were better uses of my time than sleeping.
Speaker B: Are you thinking of a move? Like, are you thinking about moving?
Speaker A: No, I'm just fantasizing about.
Speaker B: I do that all the time, too.
Speaker A: I kind of. I've had this, like, itch to, you know, diversify my bonds, so to say, and maybe a. Maybe a property of the investment variety or, you know, something like that. So I was just scouring the Internet for properties I can't afford and reading people's tweets that I don't care about and. And, you know, things. Things like that that were better than sleep. But anyway, yeah, five am's got it right. Bunch you dreaming of a mansion? Hashtag bunch you island. What's up, unicorn? Creative and evolved. Bishop, we have a great guest today filling in for Des. Like, I don't does belong here anymore.
Speaker B: He was here and then, you know, apparently as Covid, apparently I'm hiding.
Speaker C: I'm using my poor muscles to hide off screen. I'm waiting for. I was just gonna.
Speaker B: I thought he was talking to his kids.
Speaker A: Me too.
Speaker B: I think he's waiting for.
Speaker A: I actually thought he was, too, and I.
Speaker C: Up.
Speaker A: There he is. We've got beloved Brandon Loveless on today with us. Belove. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker B: Oh, my goodness.
Speaker C: I'm good. I'm not gonna do the puppet thing. Maybe. Maybe later.
Speaker B: I love it.
Speaker A: Does the puppet. Does the puppet have a name?
Speaker C: No, we can name it today. That could be part of the show. The puppet still has a price tag, so if we don't like the name, I can still bring it back.
Speaker A: Okay, we're going to do two things here in the chat. One, throw your names in the chat for what the puppet should be. What is it? An ostrich?
Speaker B: Yeah, ostrich.
Speaker A: Yep. Throw the name of the. The ostrich in the chat. Also, guess the price. If anybody guesses the exact price, maybe we'll choose your. We'll use your name. So, uh. But, uh, beloved, thank you for joining us. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker C: Hey, great. Thanks for having me. Uh, it's a. It's a pleasure and an honor to be here. All is well. I apologize that your mornings were riddled with children ruining them. Um, I can say that mine was, uh, was similar. I had the same. Same morning as you two, so.
Speaker B: Nice.
Speaker A: Morgan. Morgan. First to chime in here with, uh, Roger. And $13 for the price. Is she correct?
Speaker C: She's wrong.
Speaker A: She's wrong. We've got shovel nfts at Ollie at 1895. No, I feel like this is exactly how NfT dutch auctions work.
Speaker C: This is a bucket auction. This is a bucket. Money in the bucket. And we'll get you a name.
Speaker A: We got Badger. Badger at dollar five.
Speaker C: How close to the price like, we want it exactly? Is that right?
Speaker A: Well, give or take a dollar. You're the judge here. You know the correct price. So, like, I think we should within fifty cents. I feel like that seems. Triangulate that at some point, right?
Speaker C: Okay. Yeah, yeah. If I see it pop up throughout, I'll. I'll call it out, but no one's got it yet.
Speaker A: Morgan says this is web three prices, right? It's definitely something. Some prices, right? Happsy, with the really expensive guess there. 24. That's way high.
Speaker B: I feel like. I feel like that's the right number.
Speaker C: Let me give you this. Just. Just look at these.
Speaker B: Look at the quality.
Speaker A: Wow, that's a high thread count ostrich.
Speaker C: Let me show it off.
Speaker B: It's real ostrich fur, I think, on there.
Speaker C: If you. If you look at it this way, it's got kind of the profile I like it. That's how you know it's a real awesome.
Speaker B: I have a. I have a dragon puppet, and I gotta tell you, I use it for both my kids. It's probably the best, best toy they ever had. They, unfortunately. Did they make you do voices with yours?
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, no, I I. They don't make me. I think I prefer it. I'd be weird if it was, like, my own voice.
Speaker B: Just regular, regular dad voice.
Speaker C: I gotta be honest with you. Um, one of the worst things in the entire world for me. Like, I have a. This is my fear, okay? I am afraid of, uh, of ventriloquists.
Speaker B: Like, real ones. They're terrifying.
Speaker C: It's insane. Like, I don't like it when they're trying to not make, um, when they're trying to, like, make their mouth not move and talk when they're. Yeah, like this kind of stuff.
Speaker B: I've seen this guy on TikTok creeps me out.
Speaker C: Like, it's not cool.
Speaker B: Like, they can throw their voice in, like, a direction and stuff.
Speaker A: Oh, that's tough.
Speaker B: Any of that witchcraft, burn them down at the stake. Yeah.
Speaker C: It's like, this thing is not like, I'm gonna. I went to a Jeff Dunham show in Vegas, and he does this puppet thing, and he does the same thing. And, like, you find yourself just looking at him. It's like, dude, this is just you telling your stick. You're talking to yourself the whole hour show. It's insane. But I do like it when, when, like, like, if I wasn't trying to trick you guys, like, I was just like. And I was like, obviously, you knew as me. I just don't like when, when ventriloquist try and trick you. It's just not cool. It's not cool.
Speaker B: Leave the tricking to the magicians, I say. I've always said that.
Speaker A: Okay, he has. He's actually, that, that was our show motto for quite some time.
Speaker C: Leave.
Speaker B: Leave the tricks to the magicians. That's all I'm saying, man.
Speaker C: That's profound. Okay, let me see these numbers again. We got a 24.
Speaker A: We have mizzle coming in from the discord. And name not. Okay, dick butt. And the price? $7.43.
Speaker C: Man, I was really close. Not even close.
Speaker A: Okay. Not even close.
Speaker B: I feel like it's higher. I feel higher. Yeah, like that.
Speaker A: Oscar rich, once again, I want you.
Speaker B: Look at these eyes.
Speaker C: Look at those things. Look at that. That's a.
Speaker B: It's a real ostrich eye.
Speaker C: That's a real eye. They got it from where ostriches are really from.
Speaker B: I want to say Australia.
Speaker C: I wrote a new pledge of allegiance for Australia yesterday. Did you guys hear about that?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker C: I can actually play it for you. We were talking. Do you guys know the australian national anthem?
Speaker B: Yeah, like fosters commercial. I think I want to say.
Speaker C: No one knows it. So I have a friend who's an Aussie, and we were on the radio show yesterday. We run a morning show, and I was like, I'll just write one. I'll write a new one, and then you tell me if I'm close. This is what I think the australian national song sounds like. Would you like to hear it?
Speaker A: Yes, I would.
Speaker B: Yes, I would.
Speaker C: Okay. I think I have it right here.
Speaker A: We definitely have some Aussies in. In the war room and stuff.
Speaker B: So if I didn't live in Canada, I'd be living in Australia.
Speaker C: Yes. Nobody's got the puppet price yet. I'm looking at it.
Speaker A: But unicorn creative with $68.
Speaker B: Those highly over. Over the showcase showdown total, I think.
Speaker C: All right, it's 1 minute and 20 seconds of Australia. So if you are from Australia, please stand up and put your hand on your heart. It's the only right thing to do. We pledge allegiance to Australia, our nation and our friend listen to this tasty list. There's more than Nicole Kidman. We pledge allegiance to Australia, our nation and our friends. I should pretend to sing it.
Speaker A: Listen to juicy list as the ostrich Hugh Jackman.
Speaker C: We got Thorpe protects our country Louie teaches kids to read Ian Thorpe is our life God, oh, God save the Queen boxing kangaroos bloomingdez some colas have chlamydia don't let them touch you legions to Australia, our nation and our friend listen to this spicy list there's more than Steve Irwin. We pledge allegiance to Australia, our nation and our friend I hope you like this. Yummy.
Speaker A: Liz.
Speaker C: We're better than New Zealand. So she confirmed that. That's not. That's not even close to the national.
Speaker B: Is that not it?
Speaker A: I thought that was. I thought that was the real one first. And we're gonna.
Speaker B: I swore. I've heard that at the Olympics.
Speaker C: That's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying.
Speaker B: I would have had dollars on it.
Speaker A: The show has completely gone off rails.
Speaker B: So correct me here, because when you started this song, right? And I'm like, oh, did he just pull a flight of the Concords clip? Or is that you singing? And those are the only two possibilities.
Speaker C: That's me.
Speaker B: That's amazing. I love that.
Speaker C: Yeah, we had our morning show and I was like, I guess I got a ride. An australian national anthem. So that's. That's what we did.
Speaker B: And it definitely had a flight of the Concords vibe. Like f U to Australia. Because I think they're both New Zealand.
Speaker C: Yeah, they're New Zealand guys. I should have you. Yeah, I should have added them to the song or some.
Speaker A: Yes, wonderful present, Brit Jermaine. Yes, wonderful.
Speaker B: No, you have to watch business time.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: Well, there's a new show, I think, on. I think it's on HBO, Max. It's. Their flags mean death or something like that. And it's the same guys, but they're pirates and it's a. It's wonderful. I can't.
Speaker A: Should we maybe talk about NFTs? I'm not.
Speaker B: Is this an NFT show today?
Speaker A: I don't know what it is. I don't even know if we talked about NFTs last time either. Like, we don't even.
Speaker B: We definitely thought about talking about it.
Speaker C: Here's the deal. If you're going to invite me on ever, this is what you're going to get. It's going.
Speaker A: You fit right in circus.
Speaker C: And I'm sorry, Todd, but it's. That's what's going to happen, my man. You know what? I'm going to name this ostrich Todd Rowling, because nobody has been close.
Speaker A: Nobody's close. Not even anywhere.
Speaker B: Is Todd making a. I think you should leave reference here, by the way.
Speaker A: In the comments, what it felt like to me.
Speaker B: That's why I'm here for it.
Speaker C: If that's the case, that's a top five show with Nathan for you.
Speaker A: Oh, by the way, speaking of Nathan for you, fantastic show, um, beloved fellow canadian. Yeah. I don't even know if maybe you know this, maybe you don't, but he just released a trailer for his new show today. He released it.
Speaker B: Oh, really?
Speaker A: Yeah, it's called the rehearsal. It's going to be on HBO, so that. That's going to have my full attention.
Speaker B: I'm assuming it's going to be very cerebral.
Speaker A: Yeah, he is.
Speaker C: But I can. I can segue us into an NFT conversation if you'd like.
Speaker A: Yeah, let's do it.
Speaker C: I have reason to believe that punk 4156 is Nathan Fielder.
Speaker A: Really?
Speaker B: Is that like a legit thing? Let me see. Can we pull this up here?
Speaker C: Not a joke.
Speaker A: What do you want on Twitter? Hold on.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Punk 4156 is Nathan Fielder. And that's a. That's an underground secret that me and a couple friends have discovered he sounds like him. And it, does it, does it not seem like the perfect Nathan fielder thing to jump into cryptocurrency?
Speaker A: Yeah, absolutely. Totally. Like, we're going to find out that.
Speaker B: He had a fairly big following, too.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah, we're going to find out. He's got. Wait, so wait, this is, this is the noun style person?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Is this the right account?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yep.
Speaker A: Interesting. Well, this would be, this would be quite the reveal. Like, it reminds me of, like, dumb Starbucks if he had us all taken for a ride. Like, it's something he would be very good at, you know? So I don't, I don't want to dismiss it at all. Like, he would have the ability to do something like this and pull it off at a very high level. Um, so what else is he doing?
Speaker B: I feel like, like, I feel like.
Speaker A: You know, making a new show, I guess. Yeah.
Speaker B: I mean, besides that. Yeah, but, you know, besides a show, I feel like he has time to.
Speaker C: But, like, that's, that's a comedian we'd like to see in the NFT space. Who's a comedian we wouldn't want to see in the NFT space?
Speaker A: Kevin Hart, maybe? Speaking, speaking of making other Jumanji, Kevin. Speaking of Kevin Hart dropped an NFT today. Is that, is that correct?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think that's the word on the street.
Speaker A: Or did it not drop yet? What are we, where are we at with the Kevin Hart NFT?
Speaker C: Well, we're afraid to look because don't we want to guess what the utility might be?
Speaker A: Yes, I do want to guess that. Okay, let's, let's play that game chamber. You know, you're a big comedy guy.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: What, what is the Kevin Hart nft?
Speaker B: Honestly, in my heart of hearts, like, what I want it to be is just pictures of him and Dwayne Johnson candidly throughout all the various movies they've done together. I just think BFF picks of him and Dwayne Johnson, I think would be the best.
Speaker A: Oh, no, these is it. Not that whatever this is is possibly terrible. I mean, definitely terrible. Beloved. What do you think the Kevin Hart NFt is?
Speaker C: The Kevin Hart NFT is a collection of jokes Kevin Hart's used over the years, and the utility is that you own that joke and you can say it anytime you want. If you don't own the NFT, you can't say the joke. So that's, that's the Kevin Hart NFt.
Speaker A: I like that. I'm going to put a different spin on that same idea and we're going to make it generative and it's actually a mashup of all of his jokes that come out in a new joke in a generative mint. So you're going to get the best of Kevin Hart all mashed up to make just 10,000 really, really terrible jokes. I like that. That you can also use, you know, and most of them will be about being short and, and things of that nature.
Speaker B: Short guy, does he talk about that much?
Speaker C: Oh, yeah, that's all he talks about. I'm the shortest guy ever. Oh, that's what they look like.
Speaker A: Yeah. They're like, actually, Kevin Hart looks like.
Speaker C: Looks like Nate Robinson, the basketball player.
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah, I agree.
Speaker A: Here you go, Chamber. You would like this answer from Unicorn Creative would welcome Nate Bergotte.
Speaker C: You're a huge fan of his.
Speaker B: Big fan. One of the best deliveries in comedy.
Speaker A: Currently, by the way. Shout out to phonics, who is in the audience today, who chamber swears is actually brother or related because he has his voice sounds. Exactly.
Speaker B: I've never heard two people sound so alike.
Speaker C: Who are we talking about?
Speaker A: Phonics on the NFT night shift show from DJ network.
Speaker C: Same person, maybe.
Speaker A: I've never seen him in the same place.
Speaker C: That is true.
Speaker B: That's a good.
Speaker A: Yeah, that is so these are Kevin Hart, NFts. It's called confessions from the heart. It will launch. It will. Wait, no, sorry. I'm sorry. That must be the new launching. Oh, that must be his new, oh, no, it's.
Speaker B: Oh, I see.
Speaker A: Because.
Speaker B: No, it's a 30, no, it says it's a 30 minutes animated anthology based on his Instagram IG tv series by the same name.
Speaker C: Early board eight vibes. Very good.
Speaker A: Starting starting Thursday, July 7, fans and collectors will be able to purchase one of 10,000 unique confessions from the heart, NFTs reflecting heart himself and his characters in the special at web three. Oh, we're going here. Let's go. I'm not even going to sign your.
Speaker B: Don't sign in with your metamask.
Speaker A: Web three. Kevin Hart Nation. Oh, wow. Can you see this? Is this still sharing?
Speaker B: Yeah, it's still sharing.
Speaker A: Oh, interesting. I mean, it's well done, the website, but like, is it, see, look how short he is.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah, I remember that part of the show. Oh, yeah, I remember that character Kevin Hart played. Doesn't he just play the same character in every movie?
Speaker B: I honestly didn't have an art. I can't tell the difference.
Speaker A: This is, this is actually a pretty well done representation of him.
Speaker B: It almost looks like Chris Rock, though, a little bit. No?
Speaker C: Yeah. It'd be really amazing to take the Kevin Hart voxel into the other, other side land, and it's just like, it's like at the Boyden apes kneecaps or something like. That would be hilarious.
Speaker B: That would be fun. These are terrible, though. These are absolutely terrible.
Speaker A: Yeah. What do you think they saw? Oh, look at this one with Steve's ape on it.
Speaker B: I don't know if they sell. Obviously, you know, market conditions are not optimal for it.
Speaker C: What's the cost?
Speaker A: Dollar 65 fiat. I know this because t row, uh, Todd Roanick has been talking about teasing the war room all day.
Speaker B: Uh, is he going all in? Is he in?
Speaker A: I don't think.
Speaker B: Mint?
Speaker A: I don't think so. Oh, do you want, uh, do you want live, love, laugh? This one. This one looks rare.
Speaker C: That's the one I need. Be live. Be love, be laugh.
Speaker A: Oh, here you go. There's. There dollar 65. You could pay with eth or credit card. Uh, there will be a metaverse. The Kevin Hart, uh, I mean, he.
Speaker C: Has enough of a following allow listed for the opportunity. He's, like, a top 15 celebrity right now.
Speaker B: Yeah. Like, really is like George. This is like George Clooney putting out an NFT, you know, I mean, maybe. Maybe work, maybe worse. Maybe George Clooney's not top 15 anymore.
Speaker C: Yeah. No, Kevin Hart's more popular than George Clooney right now. Kevin Hart.
Speaker A: Kevin Hart. Did Kevin Hart just turn into a 3d character? Well, yes, he did.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker C: Is this a good time?
Speaker B: I mean, arguably, he is already a 3d character.
Speaker A: You know, I will say, like this. Oh, powered by moonwalk. Interesting. Okay. It's not the worst thing I've ever seen, I guess, in terms of, like, a celebrity NFT. So he's looking to bring in 10,000 times $65. Yes. I can't do that math.
Speaker C: What does that mean?
Speaker B: It's either 65 million or 6.7 trillion.
Speaker C: I'm not Todd. Help us, Todd.
Speaker A: Todd.
Speaker B: The first one who gives us the answer wins the contest.
Speaker C: Put it in the has roasted me three times in these comments. Like, he is destroying me.
Speaker A: And for those doing public math, it is $650,000. I was way off about the price of an ostrich.
Speaker C: That's. The price of the ostrich is the same as the price. No. Here we go. That's reveal.
Speaker B: Yeah. What is the price that ostrich.
Speaker C: Finish this. This loop.
Speaker A: The. Oh, the ostrich price is. Hold on, let me stop sharing.
Speaker B: What is that?
Speaker C: 2999-2999 ostrich stage. Puppet comes. Puppet comes with a script inside that we could do our own little. We have to have a raccoon, though, so that's where they get you.
Speaker A: That's got more utility than a Kevin Hart Nft.
Speaker B: I mean, significantly more.
Speaker A: 34 95 seems to be the closest guess we got. A $24 was a guess that we had. So we either have. If we're playing prices right rules. Happy is the winner at $24. So is it.
Speaker C: What's the name? Happy? Is it going to. We're going to name it happy? Is that how you say happy?
Speaker A: I. Oh, no, maybe not. It's. Maybe it's.
Speaker C: Happy. Hap hazy. He's.
Speaker B: More of a breath than a well.
Speaker A: So he gets to. He gets to choose the name if he's still tuning in. But as somebody fight it here, says they look like the Kevin Hart nfts look like celebrity deathmatch, which I agree with.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah. So, um. Okay, well, we've got. Oh, I got it. Right. There we go. Nailed it. So hapasi or haps. I don't even know what I originally said at this point. You get to name. You get to name the ostrich. So, uh, he's in the war room. So we'll, uh, we could. We could name him in the war. He's. I think he should be the war room mascot at this point.
Speaker C: He's. Yeah, he's got his own collection dropping soon, so.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Just kidding.
Speaker A: Uh, confessions. Confessions from the heartland.
Speaker C: I like how nobody questions why I own this. They just. It's just a thing like.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, obviously you own that, right? I mean, why wouldn't you own that? Okay, so we've got, we've got Kevin Hart nfTs. We've got that out of the way. Some other. Oh, he says we could call it Hap. So hap is the name of this ostrich.
Speaker C: I like it. Let it be known.
Speaker A: Dig it. The other thing we saw today was the other side. Did you belove, did you get a chance to check out what was going on with the Yugalabs other side beta test today?
Speaker C: Saw it. I saw it. I have one. I spent way too much on it, and I'm bummed out about it. But today, what we saw on the playtest, the fact that it worked, the fact that it was smooth, the videos I saw, everyone's in there able to talk. I'm pretty. I'm pretty excited about it. So, yes, I did get to see just video afterwards. And it looked. I mean, I hope I'm not wrong. It looked really impressive. Is that the sentiment that you guys are hearing?
Speaker B: That's what I. That's how I felt when I saw it, too. And I'm. And I'm not a yuga fan.
Speaker A: You should change your twitter handle to not a yuga fan. We have a tweet here from our friend outer lumenous, who has a video here that was from.
Speaker B: I think that's what I saw.
Speaker C: What the fuck is a coda? Excellent.
Speaker A: So we got to say, what the fuck is a coda?
Speaker C: One, two, three.
Speaker A: So we got. We got. That should be the opening for the australian national anthem. Honestly, the. What I thought was interesting was I didn't play it. I don't have any other side land anymore, but I kind of expected it to be, like, ape characters, and it just looked like some normal people.
Speaker B: What was the mascot from community?
Speaker A: The human being.
Speaker C: The human being.
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. So the. But I don't know, looked cool. It seemed to go off pretty much without a hitch, I feel like. So I would say beloved. You think overall bullish for the other side. If you were going into today, like, what were you expecting versus what you got rated on a scale of one to ten?
Speaker C: I got bags, baby. 15. Let's go.
Speaker B: No, that is a bag.
Speaker C: I got bags. I give it a 15 out of ten. Uh, no, I. Listen. I like that. It. It looks like fortnight. I'm holding out that they're partnering with Epic Games in some way, shape or form. It looks like the unreal engine. I haven't seen their SDK kit yet, but 100%, uh, I'm in for it. I'm excited about it. I'm hoping that it delivers. Uh, otherwise, my family and I are going to have to sell the house.
Speaker A: So at least you'll have those. At least you have those sweet other side land deeds.
Speaker C: Exactly. I just have one. But I gave. Yeah, I just gave it a 15.
Speaker B: Does it have a coda?
Speaker C: No, I bought at the top, and it doesn't have anything.
Speaker A: JP Kaz asked what he missed, and I'm not sure we want to inform him at this point. JP. We named an ostrich. We guessed the ostrich price. T row has been roasting beloved, and Morgan has told us we've gone off the rails. That's pretty much what's happened this episode. We. That's pretty. Was that accurate? Oh, we all. We also roasted Kevin Hart NFTs for about ten minutes. Those are the highlights.
Speaker B: That sums it up nicely.
Speaker C: You're caught up.
Speaker A: Nope, you're caught up. So.
Speaker B: And I've been googling what an SDK it was. That's the only.
Speaker A: Come on, you don't know. You don't know.
Speaker C: It would be pretty wise if, if any of you have kids that are like the Minecraft age, like they're great at it. It'd be pretty smart to hook them up with the board. Ape other side SDK, which is a software development kit chamber.
Speaker B: No, I google just because I can.
Speaker C: Imagine that being a really. I bet it'll be easy to build on. And those kids, they're good at those stuff.
Speaker B: Yeah. I tried to get my daughter in on the. What was the what we have land on a while back sandbox because I think I had a SDK kit for that as well. And yeah, she, she wasn't ready for that level of commitment yet.
Speaker C: Yeah. Hey, you gotta put JP's comment up his latest.
Speaker B: No, we don't.
Speaker C: Nice recap. Good time to bail.
Speaker B: JP is the epitome of like mean guy in the comments, sweetheart, when you talk.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, he's such a keyboard tough guy. He's like so tough.
Speaker B: You.
Speaker A: He's got, he's got a beautiful Utah family of six that he, that he's just like the sweetest guy, but he'll shit talk you to death. But like the worst one.
Speaker B: The worst one.
Speaker A: JP Kaz, the, the, I would say, captain of the NFT night shift hosted here on the Djen network Mondays and Fridays, 11:00 p.m. eastern. Check them out with phonics, aka Nate Bergotti.
Speaker B: We should also mention, I guess, I mean, we're kind of bearing the lead a little bit with beloved.
Speaker C: Ooh, ooh.
Speaker A: Go for it.
Speaker C: No, you.
Speaker B: Yeah, I was gonna say what was the, what was the comment you just picked up? I got a ginormous SDK. What? OJP? Yeah. Belove is now part of the, of the DJ network family. You'll be seeing content from him in the fairly near future.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think we start on the, officially on the 18th. We're going to bring a morning show over that we have been.
Speaker B: Do you want to kind of run down where, like, is it. I forget, I'm going to be honest, exactly what we're doing with.
Speaker C: Yeah, we're still kind of. The reason it's going to be a little bit later is because we're still working on some of those details. I think a lot of the technology you guys have figured out is really advantageous for some of the stuff that I could use. And I don't know how. I've never done it like this. I like this. And then I'm going to try and help with some audio stuff. Like, at any point, the real whiz.
Speaker B: Kid, when it comes to the audio.
Speaker A: And the video, his voice sounds so smooth. It's just so that I need to get that mic also. Like, I've got the best one out there.
Speaker B: Can you show us some of the things you get? The sounds you were showing me earlier before? Look at this much. Watch this. How do we not have that just at the ready?
Speaker A: Yeah. Like we need a soundboard.
Speaker C: Oh, here's. Here's our intro for our show right now. The island boys cut it for us. Shout out to sub ducks and below.
Speaker A: And the real floor is defenseless.
Speaker C: We make along the way. These guys are crazy, man. I love these guys.
Speaker A: Is there some light action going on behind?
Speaker C: Yeah. So typically, here's what happens. Typically, I'll do the show right here or in our studio. And what happens is, like, my kids come up the whole time and hang out, but no one can see me. So I'm really good at like, hitting the mute real quick and then coming back in and they don't know. Now they're all confused because I'm like, hey, I'm on. I'm on camera. Get out of here. And they're like, but, dad. So that was them trying to get my attention. And guess what?
Speaker B: Get out of here.
Speaker A: Unicorn wants to know where Belove's dope hat is from.
Speaker C: Hey, this is a rare ghost club hat. That was a project launched a while back. It was actually collaboration with Sup, ducks. I can't turn the right. There you go. Sup, ducks? Rare ghost cup. It's a cool.
Speaker B: That is a very good hat.
Speaker C: What is that? Pink dolphin. Pink dolphin is rare ghost club.
Speaker A: So what do you have as your soundboard? Is it a, like a deck or is it.
Speaker C: Let me see if I can show you.
Speaker B: Look at that. I have so much room for that, too. Maybe I'll put a level up.
Speaker A: I need to get one of those keyboards everywhere.
Speaker B: Oh, great.
Speaker A: So beloved's morning show is just going to be him and the ostrich.
Speaker C: Honestly, I mean, like, this is beloved and the ostrich.
Speaker B: I like that. That's got a nice ring to it.
Speaker A: One of my favorite eighties bands, beloved.
Speaker C: I love that song. What was that song they had?
Speaker A: It's like half the ostrich. Yeah, it was great. Great song. Beloved, tell us, you know, obviously. Welcome to the Djen network. We'll be hearing so much more from you. Tell us about, you know, your background, how you got into web three and NFT space. I mean, there's not a better, I don't know if there's a better fit for you, your personality elsewhere. And this feels like the right place for you to be as far as doing stuff in web three and NFTs. So tell us a little bit about your background.
Speaker C: Yeah, I am a x touring musician. I got to, I got to do a lot of really fun stuff right out of college, um, with, with five guys in a van, sleeping out of flying j parking lot every night, playing different venues. And, um, through that, um, I just started learning all different types of content and media. And, um, nowadays I shoot content for like seven or eight different businesses. I do radio ads and video ads and stuff like that. And it's always been super fun, but it's always been on other people's terms. And web three has enabled me to make content that I want to make just because I think it's funny or fun. And the value is never been, it's never really been like a monetary value. It's just been. I finally feel like I can create stuff that other people would care about. And so my web three journey started around, like, right before vfriends. I had made my own nft just to see what it was like. And then Gary V announced and I had followed him for a bit. I knew some people that worked for him and I was like, this isn't easy mint. And I knew how to do it, so I was able to mint a really great v friend right off the bat. And then from there, I went and got a mutant ape and some other things. Missed the board. Ape. I chose the arabian camels instead.
Speaker A: The arabian camels.
Speaker C: I still feel great about it. It's, it's.
Speaker A: I actually sold an Arabian.
Speaker B: I remember those.
Speaker A: That's not too long ago.
Speaker C: You're going to regret it. They're coming back.
Speaker A: I know they are. That's as soon as they look like.
Speaker B: The camel from like, the camel cigarettes, kind of. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: That's why it was one of those things where, like, I listed it for like, .001 and somebody bought it, and then you get that immediate gut wrenching feeling like, oh, no, I shouldn't have sold that. Like, somebody still wants this thing, you know?
Speaker C: Hey, no, listen, I'm probably the one that bought it. I've been snatching up those camels, like, creating. I can't.
Speaker A: Yeah, you. I actually am looking at the contract. Now, beloved EtH is top two holder of with 6348, which is crazy. That's most of the supply, which, you know, you're, you're a camel whale.
Speaker C: Yeah. And I wear it. I wear it proudly. So after the camels, we got some sub ducts and I started to just plant my roots in there and we wrote songs together. We have like ten subduct songs that have been written. And then from there, I met a friend named Luke ABC, and together he asked me if I'd help him launch thingdoms. I was like, absolutely. I'm a yes guy. That's what I do. I say yes, and I say it often. And it's exciting for me. If my friends have anything going on, I want to be part of it. So that's it. So I helped launch a project called Thingdoms. And me and Luke and Owen created a radio station called Thing FM. And it was a lot of fun, and it needed more margin than I could give it. And that's, that's the duality of having a real life job at the same time. I'm sure you guys have no idea what that means. No, I'm kidding. Trying to navigate real work and fake work is what I call it. And here I am. I did, I did a stint. I did three months with sup ducks. I did a radio show with them called Waking Sup. I'm still kind of finishing that out, but that will be kind of the basis of some of the people I bring over from the, the morning show. So that's me, and I'm excited to be here. Really am. It's really great people. I met so many of you in Minnesota. A few of I know I met Steve and Chris in Minnesota, but me and Steve had talked for a bit. Just a great guy. Everybody I've met so far just been fantastic. Even the people in Steve in the chat. Yeah. Nft. Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: He's is. He puts on a good show. I mean, listen, he does.
Speaker B: I see right through that silky veneer of his. See right through it.
Speaker C: Unicorn. Creative. We are friends. What do you want? You want to. He's going to ask. Ask for something. So, hey, beloved, want to help me out?
Speaker A: He's trying to make. I was a thingdom's whale for a very long time. I had, at my peak, I had 40 thingdoms, which you did have a ton of kingdoms.
Speaker B: I had a few. I think I had maybe eight or nine of them.
Speaker A: I still have my gm eyes, a couple of my gm eyes, ones that I, well, I won't get rid of because I dig them. But yeah, I was a thingdom's whale from the get go. I remember that. It was like right before Christmas or right around Christmas.
Speaker B: Get out of here.
Speaker A: Is that the daughter whose birthday it is? You can't be mean to her like that.
Speaker B: I regret everything.
Speaker A: That's funny. But yeah, it was a thingdom's whale, so. But we are super pumped to have you as part of. Yeah, that's right. I be a giant thingdom's heart with all the my little thing in it. I had enough to make that heart picture that I was throwing all over Twitter.
Speaker C: But on Twitter. Yeah, I didn't. Okay, I know, I remember that. Dude, that was, that was honestly some of the most fun I've ever had in my entire life. Because we live in a neighborhood. So me and my neighbors would just head up to the studio and the studios at the front of the neighborhood. We'd take our skateboards there and we'd sit down and be like, what do we want to make today? And I was like, what about a fake ad about a burger place? And like, then we just did it. You know, it's like we didn't care and we were still there. We still don't care. What's like, we'll make anything. That's what's so fun about web three. But the people like, just went nuts with it. We had, we're like, okay, I guess now we're doing more burger ads and then burger water hit and we didn't mean for it to, so all that stuff just got super fun. And they still play those ads and thing fm still, it's been upgraded. It's like its own website now and everything. So it's very, very cool. And I'm really honored to have been a part of thing and I still, I still intend to contribute as much as I can. I like thingdoms. I like Luke and Owen. I'll always bet on them.
Speaker A: Oh yeah, they're awesome. Unicorn Creative asks if you're allowed to mention the band or bands you toured around with.
Speaker C: Sure. Yeah, I was in a project called theater breaks loose as a project, which is it wrong?
Speaker B: I respect it. I respect it and I like it.
Speaker C: Yeah, we, we toured with bands. Like, we played a lot with like Mayday Parade, 303, we the Kings. It was kind of like this pop rock.
Speaker B: Okay, I was gonna say what, what's that? What is that genre?
Speaker C: Very, very pop rock. Like we wanted all the Disney kids that were growing out of Hannah Montana to come to our shows because they bought all the t shirts. So that was our, uh. That was our thing. Yeah.
Speaker B: Great.
Speaker A: Great thesis there. I think.
Speaker C: I would say it worked, but I'm not doing it anymore. So maybe it didn't work. Maybe we needed a different thesis.
Speaker B: I used to do, uh. I used to do a yearly fishing trip weekend with a bunch of people that worked in the music industry, like roadies and merch guys and stuff like that. And one year we had. One of the. One of the guys was. Was kind of coming in late, maybe like a day or two late, but he's like, oh, I'm bringing the band with me. He was a roadie. Or, like, he was a tour manager. Yeah, I'm bringing the band with me. They're gonna come with us. They've been stocking up on all the booze from all the different events. And, like, I'm like, oh, like, who's this band? And he said the band's name, like, I don't know. This band is. And I think it was kind of a similar style of band. Kind of, like, you know, makes a lot of sense on paper. And I just remember being. They show up, me being absolutely destroyed on mushrooms, and I did not see this coming. And talking to them for hours about, like. Like what? You know, the decision on, like, going that route and, you know, their musical. You know, their musical influences over the years. And they were blowing me away with all of their, you know, all of their great decisions that they've made to get the career that they did. But the next. Yeah, the next. I woke up and barely knew who they were. And I'm like, you know. And they started playing the music. I was just like, this is not my kind of music. I'm like, did we have a long conversation?
Speaker C: It's tough, man. Like, that. That's the reason we quit. It was like, in order to get to the next step, we knew it was gonna take, like, another ten years. I was like, I don't have ten years to do this. I don't.
Speaker B: It's tough.
Speaker C: Yeah, I don't. I didn't want to do it for another ten years. And I'd already been doing it for twelve. It felt like. So I think twelve, literally, but, yeah, I mean. And you. I can't tell you, like, the first three years, how many gas stations I slept at or just, like, people I'd never met their house.
Speaker A: Like, I heard you throw a flying j, and I was like, how many people actually know what a flying j?
Speaker B: I'm a flying j. Just down the road from my house.
Speaker C: Right now has showers and nice bathrooms that are.
Speaker B: They are very nice.
Speaker C: Yeah, no, it's. It's legit. So we used to pull up and stay at a flying j and then we get on the road. We had bunk beds in the back of our van, so it worked out really well. This just in chambers. NFT collection or manuscript from past room.
Speaker B: Trips so many times I remember doing. I've done a lot of mushrooms over the years, but the majority of my trips really center around how I just want to be the guy from into the wild. You guys ever see the movie into the wild?
Speaker C: Yep.
Speaker B: Like 90% of my trips are basically like me coming to the conclusion that I'm just going to go do that, you know, just make my way to Alaska and live in a school bus in the woods.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Almost. Almost without fail. Maybe the 10% is just bad trips where, you know, uh, my anxiety just crushes me for three and a half hours.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: But, you know, besides that, it's. It's usually a good time.
Speaker C: I could take an hour and listen to you talk about your mushroom trips. Honestly, I could. That sounds amazing.
Speaker B: I love. I love psychedelic drugs. I can't wait to try DMT, one we once had.
Speaker A: Actually twice had John McAfee on our shows and back.
Speaker B: Yeah, he takes some drugs.
Speaker A: And. And chamber was so excited to ask him about DMT and other psychedelics and then you couldn't make the show like you. And so I had to ask. I had to ask him.
Speaker B: Make sure to ask him this.
Speaker A: And then, and then I had to ask him about, you know, eating his SDK on live tv when bitcoin didn't. That is true. Hit his $2 million mark. Whatever.
Speaker C: And that guy should have launched an NFT project, huh?
Speaker A: It was before his time.
Speaker B: Yeah, it was before nfTs. Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker C: That would crush.
Speaker B: He had the Mac. He had a McAfee coin of some sort. And I think he had an exchange. Did you not have like a, like an exchange at one point, too? Like he had the. He had the whack token, but I'm pretty sure he had an exchange before that. Like the McAfee exchange where just the scammiest projects would go to. It was. That guy was a wild card.
Speaker A: All right, one more NFT topic, then we'll get to one more fun segment and then we'll wrap this up. I'm curious of over the weekend we saw a big spike that has now come back down to earth a little bit. But we saw a huge rally in moonbirds chamber, your moonbird hat and bag, but did very well over the weekend. We saw the leak of the trademark for moonbirds. Ravens is what sent everything.
Speaker B: Is that what happened?
Speaker A: So people. So you didn't even know?
Speaker B: I have no idea why I did that. I was going to ask you. I'm like, why did this go up?
Speaker A: So people. People found a leak. People were searching like the trademark office, I guess, and it came, it leaked that proof had filed a trademark for moonbirds, ravens, which appears to be now, I guess, an expansion.
Speaker B: Is that what oddities are going to be or is that a separate.
Speaker A: No, I think separate from oddities. Right. So, yeah, so I guess that is what caused the frenzy. It caused moonbirds to spike to almost 40 at one point. And then I kind of come back down to earth and oddities ran up to four. Beloved, are you in the moonbirds ecosystem at all? Do you, are you interested in this? What do you think ravens will be, aside from 10,000 generative Edgar Allen pose?
Speaker C: Yeah, it's going to be like a, like a Poc thing. Like what Poc is trying to do in a way. I don't know. I'm not in moon birds. Not because I don't want to be. I just missed it. And ain't no one got no liquid anymore chamber. What do you think? Ravens arm? I'm deferring to you.
Speaker B: I'm going to say they're going to be an airdrop of some sort.
Speaker A: I think they're going to be. I think they'll be like the mutants, right? Like.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: An expansion collection. I think it'll probably have something to do with the high rise project. I think there's a. My opinion is right now, there's probably not a better ecosystem to be in for the next twelve months than moonbird's proof ecosystem. I say that for a couple reasons. We're going through this crypto winter and lack of liquidity and people selling everything they have, and moonbirds have held very steady because of the nesting mechanism where people don't want to sell, they want to lock it up there. And, you know, the other thing is, you're so early in this life cycle of what they're going to release as product. Right. So, you know, if you had, if I had to trade all my moon birds for a bored ape right now, I wouldn't do it, because I think the return of things that I'm going to get in this ecosystem is better than what I would get if I bought an ape right now because of somebody are in their life cycle. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: Somebody wanted to buy one of my, or wanted to trade me for one of my moonbirds. And after discussing it a little bit, I said the only way would be for a board ape straight up. That's the, that's the only way I'm trying.
Speaker A: Just wait. We. You tried to pull off one.
Speaker B: Try to figure out who. Tried to figure out who it was.
Speaker A: Oh, Steve, did you. Did Steve try to trade you?
Speaker B: He reached out. I didn't have the heart to ask him. You literally.
Speaker C: Yeah, you couldn't. You.
Speaker B: But that was the only way that you'd be Steve.
Speaker C: Like, if you buy Steve's ape, you take his soul.
Speaker A: Like, actually, that's true.
Speaker B: I didn't have the heart to put it out, but that was in my thought was, like, if he comes to me and says, like, hey, I'll trade you, like, the board ape. But that's, that's the only way I was. I was doing a trade.
Speaker A: So that's actually a crazy thing to think about. What you just said is, is if. If Steve were to ever sell his ape or trade his ape, the person who buys it becomes Steve. Right. Because it's recognizable at this point. So is that a. Is that a value add or not.
Speaker B: Just the Steve Persona that I get with it?
Speaker A: Like, like, that for me.
Speaker B: It is for me, I. To own his soul would be.
Speaker A: But you don't get. You don't actually own his soul. What you are getting is, like, people are identifying you on Twitter. Twitter and associating you with Steve. So, like, it has more value to.
Speaker B: Me than a regular person.
Speaker A: Yeah. Follower boost, right? Like, yeah. You know, which you need really, really badly. I saw you angrily tweet about your follower count the other day. Let me go bring this.
Speaker C: Yeah, let's go to the tape. I want to see this.
Speaker A: Well beloved. What you don't know about our.
Speaker B: He doesn't know about this.
Speaker A: Our favorite segment is defend that tweet where I go through chambers tweets that week and basically ask him what the hell he was thinking and make him defend his. His thoughts and in our audience. Yes. So here. Here's a tweet from 2020 that shows you just how fragile his mindset is. It's his pin tweet.
Speaker B: Oh, my pin tweet. Yeah.
Speaker A: The fact that I don't have 10 million followers blows his mind. So this was in 2020 at 08:42 p.m. so it's almost the two year anniversary of this tweet, how many did.
Speaker C: You have when you made that?
Speaker A: Probably the same amount.
Speaker B: More than I have.
Speaker C: Okay. Okay.
Speaker A: Probably the same amount as he has now. July 4, you tweeted this, like at key. Like a key us celebration. Like you were going to get some kind of crazy engagement from this. You actually did get eleven likes.
Speaker B: I was going to say. I thought it was zero. I thought it was showing up at zero.
Speaker A: 819 pm on July 24. You got eleven likes. DJ never called you a plan.
Speaker B: Just straight up calls me a plan.
Speaker A: Which, spoiler alert, that was me.
Speaker B: I thought it was Morgan.
Speaker A: No, it was definitely me. Cody says it's embarrassing. Tell us why you think you deserve more followers, Chamber.
Speaker B: Ah, I'm just better than everybody on Twitter. No, it's just funny. It's just a fun thing to, to make fun of. But yeah, 6000 followers is pathetic. I stand by my tweets.
Speaker A: Two followers on your cryptic stranger things or two likes on your.
Speaker B: Oh, you got that. I wasn't sure that was.
Speaker A: I actually watched episode one last night, so I didn't get it until season four.
Speaker B: Like of the fourth season.
Speaker A: Yes. Yes.
Speaker B: So I think I have two episodes left. Me and me and Fiona are watching them and she loves it. And it is again, the best.
Speaker A: You're just unloading the chamber on 4 July where people are not going to be responding to you.
Speaker B: Well, I'm at work like it's a normal day here.
Speaker A: Oh, here you go, dude. You've got. Look at this. 63 likes.
Speaker B: I know, I know where my, my bread's butter.
Speaker A: It's got to be a record.
Speaker B: This one's good. This one I like. I've been watching better call Saul lately and every time he talks, I get a huge Gary vee vibe.
Speaker A: His voice kind of is like him, actually.
Speaker B: He does. He kind of has like a fate. Like there's a. There's something there. People were, people did not agree with me, but there is a Gary vee essence, I think.
Speaker C: Is, is Nacho one of the twins from better call Saul?
Speaker B: No, he is. No, he is. If you watched Breaking Bad, if you're more familiar with Breaking Bad, he was like the first drug dealer that Jesse went to before. Before they got into tuco and stuff like that.
Speaker A: Wow, that's some deep better call Saul lore.
Speaker B: Yeah, I love that whole honestly, man, better call Saul. I'm just catching up now. What a show.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, it's great show. I fell off of it, but I need to get well worth to get.
Speaker B: Back in all the Breaking bad. Be like we got. Hank is back. We got, you know, Gus Fring is back. It's great. It's terrific.
Speaker C: Yeah, we got basically, what's his name. One of the. I was asking about the twins because we got to meet one of the twins at NFT LA, Daniel Moncada. He came over to our booth and we did magic tricks for him. So did they say?
Speaker B: Did they say anything? Yeah, he was scary.
Speaker C: He did a picture where he pretended to punch us. It was awesome.
Speaker A: Yeah. He actually brought up that tweet and was like, what the fuck?
Speaker C: Who is this guy?
Speaker A: Yeah, who is this guy?
Speaker B: We gotta pay the visit.
Speaker A: Yeah. So. All right, well, let's close this last couple minutes out with some more. Get to know beloved, because he's going to be, you know, joining us on the dj network. We're going to play beloved. That's a wonderful looking door, barn door style that you have behind you.
Speaker C: This one?
Speaker A: Yeah. That sliding door. What's behind that door?
Speaker C: What's behind that door is nourishment and not form of. Let me just give you a hint. There's a lot of gushers in there.
Speaker A: So I'm going to take it that that's your pantry. And we're going to play a game as we head out here. We've already played price is right with the ostrich. We're going to play guess what's in Belove's pantry. So I know what from the pre show, what cereal you have in that pantry. Let's go out to the chat and crowdsource answers. What cereal is in Belove's pantry? What cereal is in Beloved's pantry? While we're doing that and get it waiting for some comments to come in Belove, what projects or things in the NFT space have your interest right now? What are you. What segments of the space are you most interested in? What are you paying attention to? Oh, wait. Yo, did. Did I not say this exact thing when we pre show?
Speaker C: Exactly what you said. Literally.
Speaker A: Exactly what I said. That's funny. Oh, wow. Shit. We already have a winner.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker A: We already have a winner. However, we have a bear market version of that, which is beloved. We. We have the winner. I'll bring it up here. And it comes from our friend Zach Franklin. It's fruity pebbles, however, it's. What are they called?
Speaker B: What? Fruity.
Speaker C: Fruity dino bites.
Speaker A: Oh, dino bites. Those are those for keeping track at home. Full circle. Those came from the flying j, and those are direct from the great cereal selection. Yeah. Great cereal selection. Oh, you also have lucky charms there. Is that right?
Speaker C: Lucky charms. And I think I have cinnamon toast crunch.
Speaker A: That's the holy trinity cereals. That is really.
Speaker B: Actually mix all those in one bowl.
Speaker A: Whisco. Whisco. Doug coming in with just wheaties. Like, does b love strike you as a guy that would eat wheaties?
Speaker B: I don't think he seems too fun for wheaties.
Speaker C: No wheaties here. I don't do wheaties.
Speaker A: Yeah, bro. Yeah.
Speaker C: The bottom shelf for cereal now, man, get off my.
Speaker B: Look, JP, man, just so evil.
Speaker A: Just so JP is feeling threatened on his. His mediocre podcast and that he's afraid that Belo's gonna come and steal.
Speaker C: You need a guess up, bro.
Speaker B: It's a fight down here for mediocre podcasting.
Speaker A: You know, we obviously reign supreme in that category. But, you know, the. The other thing is, you know, that cereal came in a bag, not a box, which is fine. I. Cereal in a bag is fine because, you know, even boxed cereal is held in a bag. What I can get over, what I cannot get over is chamber the bag to milk. I can't get over it.
Speaker B: Defend next level. You need to. You need to open up your mind.
Speaker C: What's the bag? Milk. That's a thing.
Speaker B: So here in Canada, and honestly, not all parts, Ontario, which is the main province, basically all of Canada for all the other provinces, we really don't care about. We don't really care about them here. But in Ontario, bag milk is like a normal thing. Like, you know, you can get your regular, like, you know, box of milk, whatever. I don't know what you guys call it. Box bags. So we have these little plastic containers that, you know, they're reusable. And you go to the grocery store, in the milk section, you got your creamers, you got your eggs, all that fun stuff. And then at the bottom, there's these three packs.
Speaker A: Hold on, wait a second. Before you go any further, there's a tweet to accompany. Rule number one in Canada, don't over or undercut your bag of milk. Which almost made me throw up. You got ridiculous.
Speaker C: Who's doing this? This is what you live like.
Speaker B: This is. This is. This is a poor representation of the amazingness of bagged milk. So, yes, you have this container you put the bag in when you buy your milk, you get three of these bags right away. So the milk length is tremendous. You can. You can have milk for far longer. And the. Because it's sealed properly, I don't think it goes as bad quickly. What do you mean?
Speaker C: It's sealed properly. What are you talking about?
Speaker B: You're in your cartons. Too much air flowing around there. Don't get me started.
Speaker C: We're starting.
Speaker A: I love how literally, the only people who like this were, like, six Canadians.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's it. That's only canadian people. But it is good. You don't have to go to the store as much for milk. You always have milk. But, yes, cutting the hole, the only. You know, the only down, the only downside is if you're a rookie and you cut too small of a hole or too big of a hole, totally messes up the experience. So correct hole sizing. You want a steady stream, not too much overflow. You know, you should actually.
Speaker A: Can you try out a twitter thread on proper milk bag management?
Speaker B: You gotta pinch the top. And basically, circumcising every bag of milk.
Speaker A: Is basically maybe a TikTok.
Speaker B: We should call it milk circumcision. I think going forward.
Speaker C: I just got a package in the mail. I'll be right back. It may be something fun we can open. Hold on.
Speaker A: Oh, Boyden. Oh, boy. This show was totally off the rails today.
Speaker B: I really enjoyed it.
Speaker A: Well, I mean, most of our shows lately have been this way. I feel like we're bringing at least some level of entertainment.
Speaker B: Well, when it's time to buy nfts again, we'll let you know. It's. It's not the time yet, so we're gonna have fun in the meantime.
Speaker A: Do you make the same argument for bagged wine?
Speaker B: Mmm. See more of a wine purist there, I would say.
Speaker C: Nope, nothing good fun to get the. The v friends cards from mincing season two. So I was gonna open a pack.
Speaker A: We could have done a live rip.
Speaker B: But, yeah, no, I would say for wine bag. I mean, you know, if that's what you like. I'm not gonna. You know, I'm not gonna get in your way. I don't drink enough wine to just straight up get the bag wine.
Speaker A: Yeah. Bag wine is a. Val is a value play.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: Volume per dollar.
Speaker B: If you're crushing a bottle of wine every night, I mean, get yourself a bag.
Speaker A: I get it.
Speaker B: Get yourself. Get that bag. But, yeah, I think that's the only bag. You know, the only bagged liquid I get is the milk. Everything else is.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm with you. I'm with you.
Speaker C: This guy. Can. Can we kick him out of here? Is that.
Speaker B: No, listen, listen. I'm going to invite you guys up. We're going to have a good old time, drink some warm glass, bring up your crazy american cereal. We're going to get. I'll break, I'll crack open, I'll circumcise some bags and we'll have ourselves a good time.
Speaker C: It's the canadian way.
Speaker A: 05:00 a.m. says we hit 5% nft chat. That's sufficient. That's also the same crypto quota we had on wrecked podcast.
Speaker B: Yeah, right. During the same time. I agree.
Speaker A: That's pretty good. So. But I think we're right at the hour mark. We've got it tight, we've got our process down. So let's land this bird. Beloved, it was such a pleasure. Yeah, you got. You got any more good ones on the way out? What do we got?
Speaker C: I really. I don't label them well, so let's see what I got. Yeah, that was a weird one, I think. I think so. I can record you while you're talking, so I could just make you one.
Speaker A: Oh, wow.
Speaker C: That might be what, uh.
Speaker A: Let's get to the news. That's why. That's my saying.
Speaker B: I thought he was playing them. I don't need to get that so fast.
Speaker C: Next time we'll go through all these, uh, sound boards with you because I have. I don't know what they are.
Speaker B: Bing bong.
Speaker C: There's one.
Speaker A: So, Chamber, instead of playing us out with our normal track today, I'm going to ask that upon my sign off, we go out with the australian national anthem.
Speaker B: I agree.
Speaker A: So, belove, if you can. If you can play that for us, right, get that ready. And as soon as I sign off here, play us out with that australian national anthem.
Speaker C: Yeah, you got it, Mandy.
Speaker A: Thanks for joining us. For chamber, belove and myself, check into Degen network. And until next time, stay mint. Where's that ostrich, baby?
Speaker C: Allegiance to Australia, our nation and our friends. Listen to this tasty list more than Nicole Kidman. We pledge allegiance to Australia, our nation and our friends. Listen to this juicy list. There's more than Hugh Jackman we got Thor protects our country bluey teaches kids to read. Ian Thorpe is our life. God, oh, God, save the queen. Boxing kangaroos bloomin onions too. Some colors have chlamydia don't let them touch you. We pledge allegiance to Australia, our nation and our friend. Listen to this spicy list. There's more than Steve Irwin. We pledge allegiance to Australia, nation and our friend I hope you like this.
Speaker A: Yummy.
Speaker C: Liz. We're better than New Zealand. I'm.
