Speaker A: Hello, and welcome to the first ever episode of the mid mic crisis, where getting old meets goofing off. I am Bunchu alongside my esteemed colleague and co host, Chamber. Chamber. Are you ready for a new era?
Speaker B: I was not ready for that. Can you give that to me one more time?
Speaker A: We are getting old meets goofing off. I feel like that pretty much sums us up pretty well. What do you think?
Speaker B: I was not expecting it, and I absolutely love it. Yeah, no, I'm excited. There's rumors out there, I think, that have already been demonstrated that you've been working harder on this episode than you have arguably worked on any episode that.
Speaker A: We'Ve ever done, certainly in the last year. I would say definitely. That is 100% true. You sound like you're coming to us from a tin can, so I don't know if that is in intentional or you are not at your normal rig, but you sound like you are reporting from inside of a wooden shoe. And we will, uh. But we will persevere.
Speaker B: Can I get a confirmation on that pain? Want to make sure it's just not a one way.
Speaker C: That is confirmed.
Speaker B: I will be right back.
Speaker C: Yes. I know how much you hate bad audio, and I didn't want to be the one to say it.
Speaker A: You know, I couldn't let him go any further. If. If I was going to put in the work to prepare an episode like this, only for him to listen back and say we have to scrap it because his audio was crap, I would have been very upset about that.
Speaker C: So you would have quote immediately?
Speaker A: Oh, absolutely. There's not a chance to tell that I would show up on Friday if that were the case. Mean, in the meantime, while we get chamber back here, Payne, how are you doing and what's going on in your world?
Speaker C: I am not doing too bad. I'm still mentally recovering. I was not able to be at the Degen draft, um, and I had an auto draft, and it's a lot different in a 16 team league when you have an auto draft as well. The waivers are thin, and I'm over here looking for any kind of player anywhere. And let me tell you, I don't know some of these names, and I go pretty deep in the. In the fantasy football streets.
Speaker A: It is rough. How did your auto draft treat you? There were some. So we did a live Twitter space. J Webd, Steve Cap were doing the live Twitter space while the both leagues were drafting, and some folks, Joey bowels one night, I can't remember who the other person was, but had some very very awful auto draft luck. At one point, I think someone drafted the first seven rounds, were all wide receivers on one team. First seven rounds, all running backs on another team. So at least they have trade partners, I suppose. But how did yours treat you?
Speaker C: My goodness. I need to go find one of them. Let's just say my two starting wide receivers are Michael Pittman and Alan Lazard. And then in my flex spot, it's. It's Pat Fryer. Mute. So it's not looking too good and.
Speaker A: It'S not looking too good, but, you know, we'll see. I. It's a long season. I trust you can make the moves to get where you need to be. Chamber do we have you better.
Speaker B: Sound better now?
Speaker A: Yes. I don't know if you heard, I don't know if you heard what I was saying, but I had to tell you because if we went through this whole episode and you went back and listened and we're like, we have to scrap this. Cause the audio sucks. I would have quit.
Speaker B: Absolutely. I would have. And pain. I heard you as well. You know, never hesitate to tell me my audio is bad. I think that's rule numero uno. I fucking hate bad audio so much.
Speaker A: Are we, are you ready to get into this? We've got a brand new show here. I feel like your energy is low. Mine is very high.
Speaker B: No, I'm good. Now that my mic is working. I'm good. I do have. I do. I wanted to implement a fun little rule. Fun little game for potential speakers coming up. I see. You know, I think Jweb was requesting earlier, but I thought it would be fun. This came from one of the many segment options that you dropped in our group chat. This was trivia takedown and I thought it would be fun for anybody that comes up before they ask a question or participate, they have to answer a trivia question in a category of their choosing and if they get it wrong, they immediately get bumped down. What are your thoughts?
Speaker A: Oh, I actually really like this because it's funny. I was looking at that segment. I was like, man, I don't know how we're going to do so. I don't know how I'm going to incorporate that in.
Speaker B: I actually, I already have a website brought up that gives, that gives me. It gives me, what, 912 16 categories of entertainment, history, general science, arts, that kind of stuff. So the person can name their category. I'll give them the question. If they get the answer right, they can ask their question, if not automatically reject it.
Speaker A: I kind of like this, it's high stakes. It's high stakes x spaces and we are here for it. So do we want to just jump right in? Do we want to go to requests first?
Speaker B: I think we should. Let's jump right in. We can do requests in a minute. But is there any. I know you're working hard, so I just didn't know, you know, we.
Speaker A: Oh, I got, yeah, I want to.
Speaker B: Let you roll is basically what I'm saying.
Speaker A: 1St, 1st order of business, I have to call out the new logo up top. So you were hard at work, I suppose, doing mid journey and you created this fantastic logo for our new show, the mid mic crisis. So I just want to commend you on it. I thought it was cool. It's got a little, you know, retro y vibe along with the kind of tech setup. I enjoyed it. I was all for it. My favorite comment about it when you first put it out on Twitter was from Mayor Mike, our buddy Mike, who joins us every once in a while here. And he was like, isn't the whole dj network color scheme like white and blue? And your response was, yes, this is red and yellow. And I just, I just thought, I don't know why I thought that was funny, but I did. So I'm commending you on that. Before we keep going, give us a, like, give us a comment down below. Tell us what you think of the new logo. Tell us what you think of these, these prison trivia rules that chambers got going on. Don't forget to check out all of our other shows. We've got coffee with captain tomorrow. We've got lunch break with riggs and J web. We've got alpha afternoons at two and then a D gen bets, I believe starting at 630 or seven depending on what time J Web's going to fire that thing up tomorrow. TBD. I think the official time is seven, but he mentioned he might start at early 630 talks of rainmakers. So check out that full content coming at you tomorrow. Uh, some news. We've got news segment chamber amazing. The news, the news. Let's get to the news first in our own little world, my own personal news here. We launched last week the very first hive three beta challenge, beta competition and we had our first winner and that was, that came from Dave. So if you go up top, check out that hive three, Twitter and Dave's post, you can see his entry into the hive three beta challenge. Dave won himself $500, which was pretty cool. His submission was really, really, really good. Chamber. The way it worked was like we gave you essentially a sample like advertising brief and you had to kind of use AI creative tools like mid journey, Runway, all those kinds of things to create an ad. And so his ad was very, very good. Shout outs to some others that joined Neil, your entry was pretty awesome as well. So shouts to you down there. So that's the very first bit of news here. Now we've got some AI news, some other AI news chamber, and I'm just going to go through these news articles. Not going to read them, I'm just going to give you headlines and you're going to react to them.
Speaker B: So how great.
Speaker A: All right, so the very first one. Also in the creative realm, OpenAI introduces a canva plugin to chat GPT plus subscribers to enhance content creation. Are you in on the canva plugin? Mixed in with chat GBT?
Speaker B: So that's interesting. So it's, it's a plugin within canva that implements chat GPT. Is that what we're saying?
Speaker A: Wrong? No, the opposite. It's a plugin inside chat that brings in canva API. So your, your output, I believe will be pulling into chat GPT and you can create, but you can create essentially anything you can do. That's canva inside the chat.
Speaker B: I do like that. If it was the opposite, I wouldn't like something.
Speaker A: I was going to say, this sounds like something you would definitely be into. You are a, I think, regular canva user doing all of the content creation things that we do. So I figured this would be news. That's right up there. I do like this.
Speaker B: This is good.
Speaker A: So you would say this is, this is totally bus. We were bus. All right, next, next piece of AI news here I've got. That's not the right one. We've got Microsoft. Microsoft, who's a huge player in the AI game. They are partnered with OpenAI. They've got a bunch of other stuff going on in the AI realm. Microsoft files a new AI powered smart backpack patent. It can hear you and see what you see. Are you interested in wearing a AI powered smart backpack when you are walking around your everyday life?
Speaker B: I don't think I want that. I don't think I want that. That seems to be a bridge too far. It seems like a lot. It seems. I'm just trying to wrap my head around what that.
Speaker A: So here you go. It says this new Microsoft smart backpack does wonders powered by AI, it can identify objects in the environment, perform contextual tasks, access information from the cloud, and interact with other devices. The backpack includes a camera, microphone, speaker, network interface, processor and storage. So it's basically a wearable digital assistant, essentially. Are you in or are you out?
Speaker B: Maybe I'm in. I think I'm in. I think I'm in. I think this could be cool because.
Speaker A: I thought it was a. I think, like, look, you. The alternative is going to be like, you've got to wear shit on your face, right? Like, like Google Glass. Really.
Speaker B: It's not a, it's not a back. Like, the backpack is not the selling feature. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: I mean, I don't know how many.
Speaker B: Like, it happens to, like, it happens to be used as a backpack, but really, like you said, it's a, it's a portable AI assistant.
Speaker A: Yeah. That you wear on your back and it also holds your work and drugs.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, I like it.
Speaker A: Check out our show chat. I just dropped you a picture of the sketch. There's definitely a meme in here. It's literally just a white background. Can you tweet this? Maybe. Maybe a first ever mid my crisis meme competition because I feel like this has, this is, first of all, the dude. The dude looks like he's in a midline crisis. And so this is just fantastic. I would probably wear this over a headset, like a, you know, a glass set of glasses or something like that. I feel like if this has a camera on it, probably a better experience. So I'm going with the s on this one.
Speaker B: It's amazing.
Speaker A: All right, some, some web three news. Did you see what was going on with Mister Beast and the creator league over the last couple days?
Speaker B: So I did see that alpha afternoons was talking about it. I haven't listened to the show yet, so. No, I'm aware of something with Mister Beast. That's all I know.
Speaker A: So Mister Beast is creating this thing called the creator League. And the back end, the tech part is kind of all powered by blockchain and they're using nfts. And there's been some huge backlash over the last couple days. And one of the people, one of these big gamers and creators who agreed to be part of the creator league found out. I'm surprised you haven't seen this because it was copypasted all over Twitter the last week or so, found out that there was blockchain and nfts involved and threw a hissy fit and backed out and said that he was sorry for ever. He was. He's vehemently against the tech and would have never agreed if it was disclosed to him that it was operating. Mister Beast is saying that, no, this is somebody who was joining the Mister Beast Creator League. And so, you know, the, the copy pasta has got to be out there somewhere for you.
Speaker B: If you, I'm looking for you, I'm going to find it right now.
Speaker A: Yeah. And so, I mean, it's actually pretty perfect copy pasta for something you would do, I think. But the, that's like step one of this thing. And then as a result, and you know, if you were listening to coffee with captain this morning, I think Steve hit it on the head was like their response to this was, should have been like, hey, you know, didn't realize we needed to disclose like what the tech we're using is and we're using blockchain. Here's why we're using blockchain. Here's what we think you could do instead. Their response is like, okay, we're not doing this anymore. We're putting it on hold. What do you think of that?
Speaker B: It's pro, I mean the guy has probably some pretty good crisis management teams. So if thats the decision they came to, its probably the right one is my guess. Im with you, I always think like, but maybe its better to do it that way in the short term and then roll it out after, maybe get back into it after a few days or maybe a week and kind of, you know, wait till the dust settles a little bit. But yeah, I don't know. I would think that their team, whoever they're using is probably pretty good. And if that's the decision they came to, it's probably the correct one.
Speaker A: Oh, I. Hard. All right.
Speaker B: I like it. I was hard. I was barely.
Speaker A: Why do I have to, like, what is the point of me disclosing my back end technology to you? Why is that relevant? Like, why should I build something? Like, I don't understand what the issue here is that it's a pr nightmare, so much so that you have to stop building. No, I don't.
Speaker B: Like, if you program something on pie.
Speaker A: What you just said, but, but what you just said was, yeah, they should.
Speaker B: I'm saying if that's the, if that's whoever's running, you know, whoever's running their team as far as like, you know, optics goes, if they're, if they've kind of decided like, this is the best course of action for now, it probably is.
Speaker A: This sounds like such an opposite take that of what I thought you would have. Like, you're basically saying, yeah, just trust these. Trust your, your folks that may or may not know what they're doing and likely don't.
Speaker B: Well, I'm assuming. I'm taking the assumption that there's a, you know, marketing team. You know, like a marketing. What's the. What's the team? I'm thinking of? Not marketing, but like. Like a pr. Yeah, like a pr team.
Speaker A: I think this is terrible pr. I can't wait to see if Steve can answer his question properly, come up and talk about how bad and pain.
Speaker B: Is going to be.
Speaker A: The person I really want to get question it. I wonder what category he would choose. We'll move on for now. But I am in the camp of this is a dumb.
Speaker B: I'm barely on the camp that I'm in, by the way I'm with. I could be easily swayed.
Speaker A: I would have dunked all over this dude that backed out. Anyway, next piece of web three news. Metamask announces a sell feature, crypto to fiat. So you can now sell your crypto on Metamask directly to fiat. You can never do that. Before you in or out on this advancement.
Speaker B: Super ingest. Is there any geographical restrictions? Can I do it?
Speaker A: I'm not. I'm not aware of that yet. I assume there probably is, but I'm not. I don't know.
Speaker B: So you could onboard Fiat directly into metamask, is it?
Speaker A: You could always.
Speaker B: Pardon me?
Speaker A: Could never.
Speaker B: Or off ramp or whatever.
Speaker A: You could always onboard, like, you could always on ramp. Right. You could either buy with credit card, or there was a couple other ways and. But you could never off ramp. You could only sell to, like, USBC, then go to whatever. So now there's a fee.
Speaker B: I wonder what that looks like. Can you link your bank account directly? Does it? You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Yeah, I don't know all of those details yet. I would assume you would have to be able to do something like that, or it's probably processed by something, like a strike or something on the back.
Speaker B: I'm down. I think that's great.
Speaker A: Yeah. Seems like a long time coming for something like Metamask, who's felt pretty stagnant. Like, they talk about blowing the 28 three lead. Metamask was the only game in town for so long, and they kind of fumbled that bag, and, I mean, people still use them, but I feel like they're getting more and more like there was so much opportunity for them to just step on throats, you know? So, yeah. All right, that's our AI and web three news. Can you believe we actually way too much. But I've also got. I've also got a piece of chill news, and a piece of not so chill news. Which one do you want first?
Speaker B: Let's go. Not so chill news.
Speaker A: Yeah, not so chill news. Two workers were arrested for digging a shortcut through the Great Wall of China. Chinese authorities have arrested two construction workers accused of using an excavator to dig a hole through the great wall. According to local reports. This is not.
Speaker B: Did they damage the wall?
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. I mean, they.
Speaker B: I was, in my mind, I'm like, maybe they just went under.
Speaker A: Two people used an excavator to dig a shortcut through the 32nd Great Wall, which dates back to the Ming dynasty of 1368 to 30 to 1644. And the suspects have been identified as a 38 year old man and a 55 year old woman. Or woman.
Speaker B: Yeah. That's terrible. I always not chill at all. I'm never like. It's always heartbreaking for me when you see, like, big historical monuments, like, be destroyed or. You know what I mean? There was some stuff a few years back in the Middle east where I forget somebody was destroying a lot of shit that was really, really old and that. It upsets me. So. Yes. When you. I mean, the great wall of China. I mean, that's one of, that's the.
Speaker A: You had to pick a historical monument to. To alter. What would it be?
Speaker B: Statue of Liberty?
Speaker A: Well, I would pick the liberty Bell.
Speaker B: The little. It's a little spatula.
Speaker A: Yeah. I'd fix it. I just, like, you know, just a little glue sticking back together, you know? I feel like I'd be doing.
Speaker B: I think it's a low hanging fruit. Like, I feel like that should have been done already.
Speaker A: That's what I mean. Right? Like, all right, you ready for the.
Speaker B: Children some chill news? Because I'm not. I'm not feeling chill after that.
Speaker A: This comes out of. This comes out of Florida. Shocker. A bear breaks into Florida, families screen porch and drinks three white cloths way.
Speaker B: Is that for real? Yeah, that's chill.
Speaker A: Oh, not only this. It's a three legged bear. A three legged bear broke into a Florida family's enclosed porch and helped itself to three white claws from.
Speaker B: I wonder what flavor white claw they were. What's the, what's the.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker B: I wonder what the most popular, uh, flavor in Florida is for white claw. Like, I like the mango ones. I'm like mango. I'm a mango white claw. Probably pina colada.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: R I p. Jimmy Buffett, by the way.
Speaker A: Here's a quote. He ate the fish food we had outside next to our fish tank and then proceeded to the bar, he took three white claws, drank and left very happy. His favorite flavor is mango and chili.
Speaker B: Amazing. Gotta go. Mango.
Speaker A: We've got a tripod bear getting drunk in somebody's house. That is chill. That's crazy.
Speaker B: I honestly didn't know there was bears in Florida. If I'm being 100% honest, I probably.
Speaker A: Wouldn'T have gone for that either.
Speaker B: Yeah. Like maybe northern Florida, I guess.
Speaker A: Give us a comment if bears are a well known thing in Florida, or if you've seen any.
Speaker B: They literally have everything else. Like, that's. Isn't that where, like, Tiger king and all them live? So there's like. Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: All the other Tampa Bay bears. Tampa bay bears, you know?
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker A: All right, we're moving on to our next segment. We've got segments. It's unbelievable. Can you believe this?
Speaker B: I can't.
Speaker A: All right, these segments, I don't know if they're gonna stick. We're just out here to have fun. They're not, they're not web three. They are not necessarily tech related. They're just fun. And so I figured, you know, you, you threw out a couple of the, from the ideas that I, I put into our chat, and we're going to roll with some of these. This one is called binge or bin. You read?
Speaker B: I like this one. This is good.
Speaker A: Okay, so, uh, I'm going to give you a series of television shows or movies, and you're going to have to do two things. You're going to have to tell me, are these real?
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Or do these shows or movies exist? And would you watch it, which is binge, or would you bin it, which is get rid of it?
Speaker B: I'm ready.
Speaker A: Are you ready for this? All right, first one up, vampires in venice. It's a romantic chronicle of vampires trying to find love in venice. That sounds bloodsucker on a gondola rock.
Speaker B: That sounds familiar, but I can't. I was having this conversation.
Speaker A: I see what you did there. That's a familiar. Speaking of vampires, shout out to one of our favorite shows. The what we do in the show.
Speaker B: I'm actually rewatching that right now. Highly recommend. So am I. I'm gonna say it's fake.
Speaker A: It fake. Would you watch it?
Speaker B: No, probably not. I don't like sappy stuff. Even the premise. I don't. I don't like.
Speaker A: That's not my vampires finding love in Venice. You're not. You're not interested in some blood sucking gondola?
Speaker B: Not my cup of tea.
Speaker A: All right, next one. King of the nerds nerds compete in a series of challenges to claim the title king of the nerds and win $100,000 grand prize.
Speaker B: This sounds real. I feel like it's real, and I just haven't seen it yet or come across it, so I'm gonna go, yes, it's real, and, yes, I would binge it.
Speaker A: And that is correct. It is real. It. I believe I have seen episodes of this show. It is probably, you know, ten years old at this point, but this was a real show where nerds lived in a house and they competed. It's much like web three. A bunch of nerds on the timeline trying to make 100k. That's essentially what this show was. And so you're two for two. I don't know if maybe these are not hard enough. I feel like it's very hard to find. This was very hard to find ones that could fool you. But I think. I think it was a fun exercise. The next one here, space Sweepers, a movie about a crew on a space junk collector ship in the year 2095.
Speaker B: I've seen this space. I say I think it's real, and I think I've watched it.
Speaker A: Wow. That is correct. It is real, and I guess. Is it a movie bench?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think.
Speaker A: I believe there's multiple. I'm pretty sure there's multiple based on my.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, I think.
Speaker A: I think I did space sweeper. Space sweeper.
Speaker B: I don't think I watched this sequels, though. I think I. Yeah, I'm a purist. I'm a. I'm a space draper.
Speaker A: You're your original space sweepers only. I feel like you need to go watch space sweepers two this evening and let us know what is.
Speaker B: I didn't tell you the other day. I was on tick tock, and I see this, like, trailer for a movie, and the movie's called, like, vacation buddies or vacation friends or something like that. And I'm like, oh, that's such a great premise. I'm like. Cause we always, you know, if you go to tropical resorts, usually, like, buddy up with people that are there sometimes. And, you know, especially I hear from, like, my parents and stuff when they go away, like, oh, you know, so and so we met in Mexico, and so I'm watching this trailer, and it's the premise of the movie, and it's like, John Cena and is like. And his wife are these vacation friends, and they come and crash a wedding of the friends that they met on holidays. And then I'm like, oh, that's a cool idea for a movie. And then I swipe again and I swear to you it's another trailer but for the same movie, but part two. And I'm like, how did I not see the first one? And how am I getting back to back trailers of the same universe of movies? Like, it was wild. Have you seen. Have you seen these movies?
Speaker A: No, I have not.
Speaker B: Like, I'm telling. I think they dropped part one and part two at the same time. I think that's what happened.
Speaker A: Interesting. Now I have not seen these. I guess I need to. I don't do.
Speaker B: Are you a big vacation friends guy? When you go on holidays, do, do you, do you befriend local. Local resorters?
Speaker A: Oh, gosh, it's such a, it's an interesting question. I. I don't intend to, but you're so likable. Is my personal, well, it is my personality to do it on accident or just like, it just naturally happens. My wife hates it because I'd always. It always happens. And then we've got, you know, vacation pals like you said, and. But it's not on my, like, agenda of things to do when I go on vacation.
Speaker B: So people are so scared to request up right now.
Speaker A: I know the cap says no idea bears were a thing until this past month. Then he actually shared a post of somebody talking about rebranding their Twitter spaces and rebranding their Twitter accounts. Somebody responded that they're rebranding to. Or rebranding is the new middle life crisis, which is fucking just so good. Right, right. That's, that is very right. J Web through a J. Webb posting his djen bets schedule up top. So set your reminders up there for tomorrow. And Rippy says the favorite white claw flavor in Florida is bath salts. Big fan of that one. A. Let's see. Croc says GM to the new show made by AI and chat GBt wrong. And that's. That's it. We've got. We've got lots. Pat says, for the record, crypto jamboree shits on Midnight Crisis. Don't forget to add me.
Speaker B: For the record, for the record, I did experiment with Jamboree type titles for the show. None of them worked out.
Speaker A: Depressive. Depressive packs says that Tiger King lived in Oklahoma, which I believe is true. I think it was Carole Baskin, Florida. Yeah, I think it was that bitch Carol Baskin that lives in California, by the way. Carol Baskin just living, just getting all of her comeuppance. Like, think about this. She had Joe exotic who was absolutely obsessed with her and bringing her business down, all this stuff, and he's in jail. Then the documentary came out, kind of basically suggests she killed her husband. The husband was found in some other country just, like, gallivanting around. And so, like, Carole Baskins is just living her best life, and everybody owes her an apology. So this is the official pro Carol Baskins podcast. So if you, you know, don't.
Speaker B: Yeah, we're team Carol here.
Speaker A: Yeah, we're team Carol. All right. Should we move on? I had two more binge or bins, but I'll keep on. Okay.
Speaker B: I like it, though. That's good, actually.
Speaker A: Although. Although this one I would watch. It is fake, but I would watch this. The great sandwich heist. A group of misfits come together to steal the world's most expensive sandwich. What do you think of that one?
Speaker B: I would absolutely watch this. I'm trying to think what the sandwich would be made out of. Wagyu.
Speaker A: Oh, man. It's got to have gold flakes, edible gold flakes, wagyu beef, some kind of expensive caviar and truffles. You know, we should ask chat chiboteed to build the most expensive, the world's most expensive sandwich and see what it comes up with. All right, next segment we have here is called fantasy Face off. This was inspired by the fact that you think you can do anything. So we're actually putting together some of these scenarios with celebrities or imaginary characters, and you're going to decide, Chamber, who would do these things the best and why. You ready for this? All right, so the first fantasy face off, Daenerys Targaryen from Game of Thrones versus Mary Poppins. And the question is, who would be better at controlling unruly children?
Speaker B: Well, a Mary Poppins, obviously, but a lot of times because of the.
Speaker A: Because of the.
Speaker B: Because of, obviously, the drugging of the children. But I feel like it's not said out loud enough. Mary Poppins is a straight up witch. Like, there's no, what? There's no fooling around. She's a modern day witch. She doesn't have a broom. She has the umbrella. She flies in and out in black. I mean, she's a witch. And Daenerys Targaryen, you know, this has.
Speaker A: Never crossed my mind.
Speaker B: I feel we need to be putting this out into the.
Speaker A: Never cross my mind, ever.
Speaker B: Right? Like, I mean, that's what she is, right? I mean, that's what, like, she literally flies in on a device, you know, arguably similar to a broom. And then again, the Daenerys, you know, the mother of dragons has three dragons, which is nothing to, you know, nothing to sneeze at.
Speaker A: Yeah, but they're like pain if they're your kids, like, that is the worst kind.
Speaker B: That is a terrible child, a fire breathing dragon.
Speaker A: I mean, my kids are close, except.
Speaker B: For the fire, and they're not, you know, 15 tons. You know that, right? Yeah.
Speaker A: I can still lift them over my head. Exactly. So, I mean, I don't know. Denarius has a leg up here.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think so.
Speaker A: Although Mary Poppins does have the drugs. Spoonful of sugar.
Speaker B: You know, there's methamphetamine in that sugar.
Speaker A: Yeah. It could be a spoonful of anything out there. Knock those kids right out and go play video games. That's the way this works, right? All right, so you're going, Mary Poppins, give us a comment below. Give us a comment below if you think Mary Poppins is the correct answer, and also if you think she's the witch, because I hadn't. That has something that's never crossed my mind. All right, next one. A oldie but a goodie matchup. Elon versus Zuckerberg. All right, the question is, who would be the first to create a real life Jurassic park?
Speaker B: Zuck.
Speaker C: He.
Speaker B: I feel like he's, he's a guy that gets things across the finish line. I feel like.
Speaker A: You feel like Elon's a starter, not a finisher.
Speaker B: What do you think?
Speaker A: I get that. No, I feel like.
Speaker B: And Zuck's kind of crazy, I think, too. Like, I feel like he's a little crazier than Elon and. Yeah, I don't know who's Richard. Do we know who's richer?
Speaker A: Is Elon is richer. Elon's one of the like, because it's.
Speaker B: Going to take a lot of. A lot of. A lot of bucks to get this off the ground, you know? Yeah, yeah. I still think Zuck gets it across the finish line.
Speaker A: If he had to do Jurassic park again, would you hire Newman?
Speaker B: He's. Newman's always a suspicious character to me. I don't know if that would be my ideal hiring, you know, candidate. But did you know about the.
Speaker A: What about Goldblum?
Speaker B: Oh, jab. I mean, can't go wrong with Jeff Goldblum, quality, quality employee at Jurassic park. But you know the story about Newman in Jurassic park specifically, right? He is. All of his outfits are direct replicas of the Goonies. Who's the fat kid in the Goonies? Do you remember? Newman? Newman. It's Newman. That's right. That's who it was. But the fact the truffle shuffle kid, all of Newman's outfits, and all of the truffle shuffle kids outfits are exactly the same, which are really. Yeah, it's very.
Speaker A: That's actually a fascinating Easter egg that I had no idea.
Speaker B: Yeah, you can go back and check like this.
Speaker A: This is exactly why I would want you on my bar trivia team for moments exactly like this.
Speaker B: This is stuck in my mind all the time.
Speaker A: Like, who knows this shit, first of.
Speaker B: All, I mean, maybe some other people, but probably not.
Speaker A: Not very many. Stoop says that Elon is richer by a couple multiples over Zuck. Would you have believed that?
Speaker B: A couple of multiples, yeah. Wow. Like, is that on paper? How liquid is he? Is my question.
Speaker A: Liquid enough to buy $44 billion twitter, I guess.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's. That's pretty liquid. I guess.
Speaker A: I mean, 44, Bill. That's pretty.
Speaker B: That's not nothing. Eh?
Speaker A: Not nothing. All right, next one here. Who would give better late night talk show interviews, Siri or Alexa?
Speaker B: I don't know. I don't have an Alexa. I don't know.
Speaker A: She's terrible.
Speaker B: I don't know what she sounds like.
Speaker A: They're both terrible.
Speaker B: Is she terrible?
Speaker A: They're both terrible. Yeah. No, they are.
Speaker B: I would go Siri. I would go, Siri just for my allegiance to apple products.
Speaker A: Okay, that's fair. I think I would go, Siri. Also. However, both of them are terrible. Like, series, the Jimmy Fallon of night shows. And Alexa's like, gosh, not Jimmy.
Speaker B: Who's the other Jimmy Kimmel?
Speaker A: Is he bad? No.
Speaker B: I.
Speaker A: Like.
Speaker B: I was hoping you weren't gonna say Jimmy Kimmel, because I'm not.
Speaker A: Maybe Craig Ferguson.
Speaker B: No, I think Craig Ferguson is good. Stephen Colbert, since he flipped over to late night, I feel, has taken a pretty big dive.
Speaker A: Do you think Alex is the Stephen Colbert?
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
Speaker A: Fair enough. Last one. Last one. Who would be more awkward on a first date? Harry Potter's Ron Weasley or friends Ross Geller?
Speaker B: It's a good question. I tend to like Ron Weasley a little bit better, but I think.
Speaker A: But did a lady.
Speaker B: That's a tough one. I think Ross might do better. I think so. Yeah. I think Ross would do that on a first date.
Speaker A: He can always pivot.
Speaker B: He's got the shiny teeth.
Speaker A: By the way, I do see our friend, who is no longer a mayoral candidate. He's now municipal. Mike, I just want to say to Mike Chamber, please explain the new rules on how you've incorporated trivia.
Speaker B: Yeah, Mike, obviously with you in mind, I wanted to incorporate some sort of, you know, some form of trivia. So what we're going to be doing going forward, um, is anybody that comes up that would like to participate in the conversation must answer a trivia question from the categories that I provide, and if they get it right, they can continue on with the conversation. If they get it wrong, they're immediately shot down to listener. You like this? I knew you would.
Speaker A: I think Mike. I think Mike would like this, actually. I just. I fear you've just totally killed our engagement. Engagement on this show.
Speaker B: I think we'll only have confident individuals going forward. None of these weak ass questions from people that don't know what's happening in the world, you know what I mean? We're gonna have well educated, confident people coming up.
Speaker A: I dig it. I'm into it. That's gonna do it for the, what would we call in this segment, fantasy face off segment. We are going into an oldie but a goodie. We're going right into defend that tweet. The defense is not back. I've got three tweets of yours ready to rock and roll for you. You to defend Chamber, are you?
Speaker B: I was checking engagement, and it's not been very good lately. So I'm your general. Yeah.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. I was looking through these and I don't. I don't intend to pick ones with engagement. They're just there happen that they are also low engaged tweets. So here we go. The first one up here is. I think you could spend a whole show on this one. I actually thought this was a good question. It got. This is from August 25 at 07:24 p.m. it was seen for 548 times. And you got four likes on it. You got one from Chuck Diesel, web three. Stoop the warp, Joe and Sherpa down. So a couple folks from the audience here today are in support of this tweet. What curse words or swear words would you let your ten year old or under children say? I need to hear the backstory of this first, but I also think it's a very good question.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, growing up, I don't think I swore, like, I grew up very religious in a fairly strict home. Strict by today's standards, for sure.
Speaker A: For those of you who don't know or miss this show, Chamber was a top draft pick at the Seminole combine. He was on track to be the number one rated draft pick in the catholic priest draft. And somehow he's here and has gone astray.
Speaker B: I blew my ACL. But yes, no, I was a top. I was definitely a top draft pick for.
Speaker A: This is why you call yourself the shepherd.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's always been kind of in me, but haven't had a place to direct it yet. So, yes, I'm always looking for a flock. So, yeah, so growing up swearing, well, you know, I couldn't say like, shut up or like stupid as a kid. Like as a kid, right. Let alone like, dammit or shit or, you know, what have you. So I remember I was in like the 7th, or I would say the 7th grade. So I don't know how old you are. Then maybe like twelve or 13 is when I started swearing. Like, even just within my friend group, like at school, like, not in front of any adults, just like, I felt comfortable enough to swear in front of my teenage friends. And still today, I'll swear in front of my parents and not think too much of it. But my dad still kind of has a weird vibe about him when he hears me swear. I. And I'm a grown ass man, dad. So my kids.
Speaker A: You're a grown butt man, son.
Speaker B: That's right. My kids are ten and five, and they say a lot of words that I did not say when I was there. So they say shit and dammit and I, you know, Jesus Christ.
Speaker A: And no wonder your vacation friends hate you. No wonder you don't go on group family vacations like Des does.
Speaker B: You should hear my, my daughter playing Fortnite, or what's the new one? She plays the war game one now. Call of duty.
Speaker A: Call of duty?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Your daughter's playing cod, huh?
Speaker B: Yeah, she loves it, but I think her real love is still Fortnite. But yeah, she says a lot of messed up shit to her friends, which I'm totally down for, but I didn't know. There are certain things, like I still don't like them to say hate. There's still something about saying hate that I don't like. You don't hate anything. But you can say shit and damn it and whatever. I don't care that much. My five year old says shit a little bit too much for my liking, but she thinks it's hilarious and it's funny, you know, words are funny and I try not to get.
Speaker A: Now, you got a lot of comments.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So you only got four likes, but you got quite a bit of comments. Homeless says none. And you, he replied saying love feeding the kids soap when they try. Aaron Blaisdell said, anything but friend tech. That was good. Von Fraun says any of the silly british ones. I dig it. Joe says, bastard and Mfer, and they can flip him the middle finger. Depressive hack says, and I believe this is probably how you feel, all of them. Because swearing is a social construct. I agreed 100% your overall take on it. Rook says, all of them, as long as they're used in proper context. It's really an exercise.
Speaker B: It really.
Speaker A: I said ten is probably the age under probably very little. And over ten, the more creative, the better.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, I think that I like secret middle finger or hidden middle finger. So, sometimes, like. Like, we'll be at a nice dinner or something with, like, a bunch of family, and I'll look at my.
Speaker A: And your daughter will just flip off the server behind her back. Real classy.
Speaker B: I'll make eye contact with my daughter, and I'll just give her the finger. And that's. That's funny to me. Just. Just a subtle, like, you know, nothing. She's not doing anything to deserve it. Just. Just. I see you, and we're having fun.
Speaker A: All right, next one here, by the way, I'm finally pasting or putting up top, the backpack. I just put the backpack up in the nest. This dude is. Is something your. This one got on eight three. So, these are monsters. August 3, 2023. This on 10:35 p.m. so maybe this is why I didn't get it very much. Engagement. You said, pick a lane. Kettle corn. Disgust.
Speaker B: Yeah. Is it salty or is it sweet? I get, like, the Chicago style popcorn where you have caramel and, like, cheese popcorn in one. That makes sense. But, like, kettle corn is one popcorn, but it's both sweet and salty. And I feel like I. When I. When I eat kettle corn, what I really want is caramel popcorn. You know, like, caramel popcorn, not kettle corn.
Speaker A: Uh, I feel like that's how I feel, as well. I either want caramel corn or I want buttered popcorn. At no time ever do I want both.
Speaker B: Right? I don't want a little bit of each.
Speaker A: Right. I I'm in agreement. I'm not a huge kettle corn person in general. Uh, however, I have been straying towards the kettle corn pro kettle corn side. I would say, in the last one or two years, but it's definitely not a go to, so. And it's certainly not something I buy. Like. Like, if I'm gonna do kettle corn, it's got to be, like, at a fair where it's, like, popped in front of me the proper way.
Speaker B: Like, I'm not buying bags when I tweeted it. I think that's what we got. And I was in the middle of just absolutely crushing an entire bag of it.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Like, I hate it.
Speaker A: You don't dislike it. You just. You would rather. You're given your choice. You want one correct side. Yeah, no, I probably feel the same way. I would no way. Buy, like, orville red and bakker, kettle corn to pop in my own kitchen. Is that even.
Speaker B: I hope not.
Speaker A: I hope not, too. And anybody who buys that shit, if it is a thing, you are no longer welcome here. Last one here. Let's see, you've got. From 817, 23. This got 421 views, nine likes. So let's see. Who liked this one? V squared. Warp Joe. Big fan. He's a big fan of you. Warp Joe. So congrats.
Speaker B: Big fan of his.
Speaker A: Joe's got. Yeah, Joe's got some base takes. So I think if you're. If you're on his like list, that's pretty good mayhem. Zach F. Moist, dead tired. Stoop. Stoop. Also a big fan of your tweets. Parsley King and homeless. This says, fact. If you spent more than 50k on your wedding, you're going to get divorced.
Speaker B: So mean of me to say who's. What an asshole I am. But. No, that's true.
Speaker A: That's the point of this segment, to point out what an asshole you are. And also just to get you that last little squeeze.
Speaker B: 10% bump.
Speaker A: Yeah. Just in case somebody likes something you write and. And just didn't see it.
Speaker B: I got it. No, I do believe that. I think. I think the more attention, you know, the more focus that's put on the wedding, the more questionable I think the relationship is, especially with the. I don't want to. I don't want to, you know, pigeonhole. But it seems to be. Brides are a little bit more into the wedding day than grooms. I don't think I'm wrong there. And, you know, the more aggressive those brides are, I feel, you know, the price tag goes up. I hear a lot of, you know, you're married, bunch. I'm married. I'm sure your wife has been in a few bridal parties over the years. I know my wife has. And, yeah, you know, the ones that are gonna work out, ones that aren't. And I do feel that $50,000 price tag is the, you know, that's. That's the tipping point. I think we can keep it up.
Speaker A: Yeah, I did. I did not spend $50,000 on my wedding, so. Yes. Yeah.
Speaker B: I mean, you could still get divorced. That's the, that's the other part.
Speaker A: I still could. It's not like I'm safe, but I, you know, I at least don't fall into the guaranteed.
Speaker B: Exactly. It's not a guarantee.
Speaker A: So Neil says $300 on the wedding, close family only hundred or a k on the honeymoon and a k on the reception in our backyard. Friends only homeless said, should have bought a board ape instead. It won't go to zero as fast. You replied, both are eventually, which I think you meant inevitable. But that works to. He says, can you give us that? Or Bzhound says, can you give us that in a percentage of one's income? He's building a spreadsheet. You replied, 2020, 5% of yearly household income. Warp. Joe said, Vegas dollar 500 plus we paid for our dinner. Afterwards, drew put out, drew crit put out a response. Gif suggesting that he's done that and you've just said that he's going to get divorced. Parsley King. We had two kegs and did the ceremony on my front lawn and my in laws condo. There you go. That's the way. So that, that was the response to your last. Defend that tweet. Still my favorite segment that we do. I think, though, if we are now fully pivoting this show again, you're going to need to tweet more bangers because that was a problem towards the end of doing this last time, is you did not have enough terrible takes for me. I'll work going to the well, yeah, I've got one more segment here. We had a couple more, but we didn't get through them all. So I like this. We can save them. Personally, I'm not a fan of. Every show has the same recurring experience. I kind of like, I kind of like, you know, mixing them in once or twice a week or like, you know, each week or each day has a set of segments that we.
Speaker B: I think today is a good, like, let's test out a bunch of them, see which, see which ones really work. We can do that for a couple of episodes. And like, like you said, you know, maybe one or two per episode after that kind of thing.
Speaker A: Yeah. So this last one here, though, is one that we crowdsourced on or came up with on the fly and on the last episode. And this is Mike of the week.
Speaker B: All right. I like Mike of the week.
Speaker A: So for the first ever mic of the week, it's our friend municipal. Mike is included in this. We're actually celebrating all mics. All mics are the mic of the week. This week, I've got some stats on Mike's favorite, and I think you're going to be surprised here. How many people in the United States do you think are named Mike?
Speaker B: Okay, we got to say there's, what, like, is there 300 million people in the United States roughly? Is that too much? Okay, we'll call it roughly that. I'm going to say Mike. Michael. Any variations of that, like Mikhail or anything like that?
Speaker A: It might just be Mike.
Speaker B: Just be Mike.
Speaker A: Straight up, just not, I think I went straight up Mike. This is not including, it seems like.
Speaker B: A lot, 2.5 million.
Speaker A: Oh, wait.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: All right, Mike. Mike is ranked the 121st most popular given name in the United States. States with an estimated population of 513,580. This name is in the 99th percentile, meaning that nearly 0% of all the first names are more popular. So Mike, way up there with popular names, there are 161.07 people named Mike. For every hundred thousand Americans, this name is most often used, as is the first name, 99% of the time. Based on the analysis of 100 years worth of data from the Social Security Administration baby names database, the estimated population of people named Mike is, I guess this is new. People named Mike. 152,795. And that Mike is used as a boy's name almost 100% of the time. What do you think? Was that what you expect?
Speaker B: I love the little bit of Mike. I was trying to think if I had a mic in my life. Do you have a mic in your life?
Speaker A: I've got many mic.
Speaker B: I don't think I do. I don't think I do.
Speaker A: Wow. Well, this is us data.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Doug.
Speaker B: Doug is the Mike of Canada.
Speaker A: Doug is the mic of Canada.
Speaker B: I got a couple of dougs in my life.
Speaker A: I can't wait for Doug of the week. So congratulations to everybody out there named Mike. You are our Mike of the week. At the mid mic crisis. We did, oh, we did have pat requesting up, but he jumped, so I was, he might maybe also got scared of the question here. I also wonder if there is an issue with spaces that like there was this morning getting people up on stage. So maybe, but I don't think so. So that's going to do it. Chamber, what did you think of our first episode? And I guess I, uh, also grade my level of effort off the charts. I mean, this is the most effort I've put into a show in a very long time.
Speaker B: So they say, like for earthquakes, like a 10.0 on the Richter scale is, you know, that your highest one. But they've just put it at 10.0, because the. The number that could be recorded is significantly greater than that. We just wouldn't be around to be able to test it. And I feel like that's the level of effort and commitment you brought to the show today, an unregisterable amount of commitment. I think it's unbelievable. I'm taken aback.
Speaker A: That's heartwarming. If you think I'm putting in that much effort every, every episode, you are horribly mistaken. This is definitely the swan song for me. It will only go down from here. You just through some stuff in a show, doc. And I was like, okay, well, who's gonna fill this thing? And I did it. What would you have, what would have happened if I didn't?
Speaker B: Well, I was looking because I was about to drop some news and stuff in, and then when I opened up the dock, it was. You were trucking along, and I'm like, you know what? I'm just gonna let my guy cook. And it was. And I didn't wanna look at anything either.
Speaker A: Felt like maybe. Maybe we should. Maybe we should actually, like, take turns planning each show and see how that goes. That could be. That could be very interesting.
Speaker B: I like that.
Speaker A: Yeah. Interesting. I don't. I don't. Did we get pat up here? We did. Chamber you get, man.
Speaker B: How are you doing today?
Speaker A: I don't know if he heard the rules, so you gotta give me the rules.
Speaker B: All right, Pat.
Speaker D: Run it by me one more time.
Speaker B: Okay. All I'm going to do, I'm going to give you some categories. You pick your category, I'm going to ask you a question. If you get it right, you can continue on the stage. Ask your question. If you get it wrong, pain is going to drop you down to listener immediately. And we're. Let's do it.
Speaker A: Let's go.
Speaker B: So your categories are art, science, entertainment, history, general, or geography.
Speaker A: General. Warts.
Speaker B: So general it is. Okay, I think you got this one. What cocktail do you get if you add green creme de mint with cognac? What cocktail do you get if you add green creme de mint with cognac? I'll give you a hint. It's also the name of a comic book which was turned into a movie that did fairly shittily, probably. Pardon me?
Speaker D: Oh, I was gonna say for the fantasy football guys or the football guys in general, it might be something when you get hit. It's called a stinger.
Speaker B: So close, I feel like I want to give it to you.
Speaker A: Oh, it's.
Speaker B: It's the Green Hornet.
Speaker A: Oh, I need a ruling, guys.
Speaker B: I need a rule. I'm gonna give it to you. Okay? Because you were brave enough to come up because of your history with our show and because of obviously how close that that answer was to be incorrect.
Speaker A: So I was going with Harvey Wallbanger. I said, and then after you. And then after you gave the hint, I was going with Iron man.
Speaker B: It's good.
Speaker A: Neither Pat, well done. Getting the first question right on, I think. Judges ruling. What? Feel free to give us your comment. What do you think of the first episode of the new show?
Speaker D: I'll say this. I love the hodgepodge of different ideas and, like. Okay. Because I say the draft of became one of the most focal points. I was looking forward to. Always got to listen to the other parts. But the draft was okay. Here comes the meat and potatoes. I had my appetizers. Now let's go.
Speaker A: We had a draft plan today that we didn't get to, so we'll fire that thing up on Friday.
Speaker D: Awesome. And to wrap it up, I'll say, yeah, great questions. And I. I just think you guys taking it to the next level. All right, hold on, hold on. That wasn't what I wanted to say. Hold on now. Yeah, I had something in store, but guess what?
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker D: What do you guys do Wednesdays and Fridays?
Speaker A: Monday, Wednesday, Friday, four to five.
Speaker D: Awesome. All right, cool. So I'm actually back. Back around 04:00 so I'm going to tune in on Friday.
Speaker A: And we got a draft for you on Friday. We got a draft for you on Friday. I promise we'll get to it. That'll be a fun one. Chamber. Did you see the.
Speaker B: I did not. Like I said, I want to let you cook.
Speaker A: Maybe I'll. Maybe I'll tease the topic. If we get enough interest, we'll do that one. If not, maybe I'll go back to the drawing board. It was. We were going to draft the catchiest commercial jingles of all time. The catchiest commercial jingles. What would you have thought?
Speaker D: That's fucking gold.
Speaker A: There you go. Fucking gold. That is gonna do it for us. Thank you, Pat. Thank you.
Speaker D: Shout out to Selena and Barnes, by the way.
Speaker A: Oh, injury attorneys. Selena and Barnes. Injury attorneys. What? I don't know the phone number.
Speaker D: 871 2020 or whatever.
Speaker A: Nailed it. Shout outs to Seleno and Barnes. That's gonna do it for us. Until next time, keep the mic hot.
