Speaker A: What have I done? What have I become?
Speaker B: I can't describe this. This is my mid mic crisis. Hello and welcome to the mid mic crisis. I am bunchu alongside my esteemed colleague and co host. Chamber. Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker A: I am. I'm doing well. I got my maple syrup detox happening right now. We just had Canada day. Long weekend, so, you know, the typical maple syrup boat races and, you know, maple tree climbing. That type of thing happens and. Yeah, just. Just kind of letting it get out of my system. I know it's pre America day today for you. I'm sure you have all sorts of amazing things planned.
Speaker B: So many awesome things. It's. We are a family of tradition, so we do pretty much the same thing every year. And ever since I've been, gosh, born, really, it's actually a kind of a special day for myself and my wife. I proposed to my wife on the 4 July.
Speaker A: Well, that's nice.
Speaker B: At my aunt's house, actually. So where we are actually going tomorrow, which, you know, so, you know, that's a great thing. And so. Yeah, we.
Speaker A: I proposed that a McDonald's parking lot on a random Tuesday.
Speaker B: We. Yeah, so we really.
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: What, like in a play place or something?
Speaker A: No, no, mine was. It was Mother's Day weekend, believe it or not, at her. At her grandparents house with all.
Speaker B: I'll add one more. So it's. It was my aunt's house. It was in the same room that my dad proposed to my mom in, so.
Speaker A: For real?
Speaker B: Yeah. How about that?
Speaker A: Unbelievable. Meant to be. You're a fucking romantic.
Speaker B: Yeah. So, you know. And how many fireworks you gonna be shooting off today?
Speaker A: None. No fireworks. Wow.
Speaker B: The market is that bad? You didn't go for your normal $2,500 fireworks spent?
Speaker A: No. So I have a lot of women in my life when we get together in these big groups of families. I have sisters, they have daughters. It's like, only chicks. And my one brother in law couldn't make it down, so it was literally just like. Are you.
Speaker B: Are you insinuating that the ladies don't love fireworks? Is that what you're.
Speaker A: No, I don't know. It just. It was, uh. They wanted me to take care of it. And if my brother in law is the pyrotechnic of.
Speaker B: I see Kevin.
Speaker A: No, not Kevin. Kevin is. I. We have to explain to my other sister that we don't like Kevin, and she's, you know, oblivious to it.
Speaker B: Fantastic.
Speaker A: Bobby. Bobby's the good one. Bobby bottle service.
Speaker B: He's Bobby bottle service. I like that? Yeah. All right, so we've got a awesome show today. We've got the latest and greatest in the AI streets. We've also got a cool little demo I'm going to show you chamber that I did get to work even just while we were sitting here after. I thought it wasn't going to work work. But a cool little demo for you that I think is going to blow your balls off. And what else do you got? What do you. I know what I got today. What do you got for me?
Speaker A: I knew you were prepping something, so I put, I put a few things in.
Speaker B: The minimal amount of effort.
Speaker A: Minimal amount. Hey, listen, the one day you work, I'm working, the other six days I'm putting out. I'm putting out. Tick tocks.
Speaker B: Well, you know why? You know why? This is, well, look, I'm gonna. I'm about to make your life so much better. And you just wait. You just wait. And this is what I'm gonna show you. Today is just the beginning. Give me a week or two, and all your, all your woes will be melted away.
Speaker A: We finally got one video over a thousand views.
Speaker B: Oh, we did? Which one was that?
Speaker A: I have to go back and look at it was one of, I think it was you. I think it was snake game. I think it was. The snake clip was very popular.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: I'm wondering if they're better than me and you.
Speaker B: Well, I'm wondering if there's a way to, the clips get a little bundled, like jumbled when I wonder what the optimal, like, view for this is for clips. I'm not quite sure we've figured that out yet.
Speaker A: It seems to be if I have one of us in a shot and then a shot of what we're talking about, that seems to do the best.
Speaker B: So take notes.
Speaker A: I thought somebody was walking, walking behind me there for a second. It was my chair moving, and I almost shit my pants.
Speaker B: Payne says Katy Perry loves fireworks. And don't forget, we're going to end the show today with 1 minute of pain. That's producer Payne grading the show, talking about what he's thinking about and just overall antics. So let's get right into it. So we'll start with the AI streets chamber. Let's see what's going on in the world. Feeling dumb?
Speaker A: Want some fun?
Speaker B: Time for some artificial unident? All right, so our first piece of AI news comes from Google today. So Google is introducing a feature called Pixel screenshots that uses on device AI to make screenshots. Searchable which is interesting. So the AI will analyze and save metadata from your screenshots to enhance searchability and provide useful information. This is interesting. Chamber. I'd always seen kind of, there was a couple years ago where I feel like we got spooked about how much data you actually can find just from somebody taking a picture on your phone. Right. Like Apple shows you now the location and everything like that. So, yeah, so there's a lot you can get from just a picture or now. But this is interesting that it's pulling metadata from screenshots. So pixel screenshots will be used for AI to summarize and process details. The processing will save metadata such as web links, app names and timestamps. All that data is going to be processed and stored on your device. So that's ensuring kind of your privacy and security. Users can turn on or off this AI processing in their app settings if they prefer not to use it. And. But ultimately this is going to enhance the ability to search for specific information within screenshots. I don't know if you're like me, chamber, but how many screenshots you got on your phone?
Speaker A: So many screenshots, like, yeah, 13%, I would say.
Speaker B: Totally. I've got thousands of screenshots that I never go back to.
Speaker A: Well, how many of them are accidental too, by the way? Like, just like in your pocket?
Speaker B: Less than you would think. They're just mostly things that I find interesting at the time that I'm trying to bookmark, but I never go back. So, you know, why does this matter? We're talking about it, right? The usability of screenshots. There's so many people out there that just take screenshots and they go into the abyss and are never to be seen again. So practically, like, you'll be able to now locate important details from this without manually searching your photo library. For businesses, this could possibly enhance productivity by allowing employees to retrieve crucial information or save and search all of that kind of stuff. So pretty interesting if you. I'm guessing this is just on Google phones, is that right? I'm not sure. It looks. Would you use this?
Speaker A: Yeah, probably. I mean, as long as Apple came out with it. Because I'm never switching to a Google.
Speaker B: Well, of course, but. So this is not going to be something for you, but.
Speaker A: Oh, actually, hey, can I give like a, a PSA for anybody looking? Yeah. Because I just switched to the new, or not and all the newest phone. The newest Apple phone. I think it's the 1515.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Turns out there's no more lightning cables associated with that one. You have to go to USBC and it's a nightmare. Uh, long term it'll be great, but in your household, like 60% of the devices still use lightning, which is the lightning one. The lightning is like this one. This one. Can you see that?
Speaker B: Oh yeah, that's what I have.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's what everybody has. You've had, we've had this for years. So now it's gone to USB C, which is the same adapter that all the androids and stuff use, which is this style here, if you can see that.
Speaker B: I hate those.
Speaker A: Yeah. So guess, prepare, prepare for the, for the shift. Again, technically it's going to be better long term because then you can kind of switch up with anybody that has an Android phone or any other devices that you have in your home. But yeah, short term pain for sure. Big, big, you know, big pain in the ass right now.
Speaker B: Lots of pain everywhere, 1 minute of it.
Speaker A: Yeah. This is hours of pain.
Speaker B: This is hours of pain. All right, going to our next story in the AI world today. This comes from meta. We're in all the big players. So we went, we started out with Google, now we are on to meta. Meta unveiled a new generative AI tool that rapidly creates textured 3d models. This tool significantly reduces the time required for 3d model creation, which enhances efficiency for developers and creators out there. Chamber, have you ever modeled anything in 3D?
Speaker A: No. Is this, is this the same one that was doing like the teeny tiny puppies?
Speaker B: Is this, it looks like there's some teeny tiny puppies on the screen.
Speaker A: I saw some teeny tiny puppies on the timeline yesterday.
Speaker B: It could be teeny tiny puppies on the timeline. I hope that you are, that's the first thing you generate with this tool is just a litter of teeny tiny puppies. But this tool will be able to generate detailed textured 3d models at unprecedented speeds, says Meta. It supports the creation of a variety of 3d assets, including animals, teeny tiny puppies, vehicles and buildings. The tool integrates advanced AI techniques to capture complex geometries. Geometries? I thought I almost said geocities. That's what I was thinking actually. You remember geocities?
Speaker A: I do remember geocities. I'm surprised you remember them. Like, oh yeah, that was og. That was some OG Internet stuff.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean this is pretty cool. You can see the examples of, there you go, there's your teacup pigs, your teeny tiny puppies on the, I love teeny tiny hippo. You can make all kinds of wild monopoly pieces out of this model. So there's some, I mean, look, a lot of this stuff goes into the creation bucket, right? So, you know, we keep seeing these insane advancements very quickly in terms of assets you can create that used to take very specialized people with skill, with a certain set of skills that would take you a long time. Right? So this matters because this is an advancement in AI, 3d modeling, which not a lot of people have gotten right so far. So this has obviously the potential to revolutionize a bunch of different industries that are reliant on 3d assets such as, you know, like gaming, virtual reality, augmented reality, and just, you know, video creation, animation as well. So, you know, for personal use. Obviously this is a super interesting creative tool for, you know, projects, hobbies. I could see you trying to, you know, create some teeny tiny little puppies out of this and showing them to your kids. Obviously, for businesses, the more and more of this creative stuff they could start doing in house quickly and rapidly, the better the outcomes I believe we will see. So what do you think? You, this something that interests you? Interests you?
Speaker A: Absolutely. Again, anything that has to do where the end result is me creating teeny tiny animals, I'm 100% involved. This is, this is, this is terrific. But you're right, though. You make a good point, though. It's like literally, you know, we're going to bring this up a lot, but like, it's just the, the speed in the inva, in the advancement of these things is breakneck. You know, breakneck. My neck is literally broken right now.
Speaker B: My neck, my back, and a variety of other things. We'll leave that for teeny tiny axe for the AI image generators. All right, we're going to our next one. I feel like we should call this like the AI whip around or something when I'm just like, you give me.
Speaker A: A name, I'll give you a song. Okay, buddy.
Speaker B: There you go.
Speaker A: You let me know what you want.
Speaker B: To finishing the song for us there. All right, the next story comes from eleven Labs chamber. Have you ever used eleven labs? Are you familiar?
Speaker A: Don't believe I have.
Speaker B: Eleven lab, eleven labs. Way back when we first started getting the AI bug, or when I first started getting AI bug, this is what I was using to clone my voice. This is AI.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: This was AI bunchu was created by eleven Labs initial voice model. So eleven labs has been doing some really cool things. Are you, you are a, you're a audio booker.
Speaker A: I am. I'm in the midst of one right now.
Speaker B: So why do you choose audiobooks, aside from the fact that you can't actually read?
Speaker A: So honestly, it is because I haven't been officially diagnosed, but I'm pretty sure I have dyslexia. Just in the. How I describe how I read. It takes me a long time to. To read. Like, when I, you know, when I read books, I'll, like, read a page and, dude, I feel back and reread it and it's. It's very. It takes a long time for me.
Speaker B: Isn't it wild? Like, sometimes I have struggle from the same problem. Like, sometimes I'm reading something, I'm like, am I stupid? Like, yeah, 100%. What is happening?
Speaker A: I'm like, what did I just read? So, yes, so audiobooks, I listen, and it's a thousand times better for my comprehension.
Speaker B: So check this out. You'll dig this, because so eleven labs, obviously, they started as kind of this voice model, and this is where they've been living, and they've kind of done some really interesting things. So you. They have an API. You could actually clone your voice off of a, you know, a small sample and things like that. But they're actually creating these kind of recreations. They. And last, two weeks ago, I believe they launched a mobile app. Have you seen the mobile app?
Speaker A: No. No. I'm going to be playing around with. This is available to the public, I'm assuming.
Speaker B: I. It's available. I. Now I'm saying this. I hope it's available in Canada, but it is publicly available because I've been seeing.
Speaker A: Have you been seeing lately the. Where they take a sports figure in a post game, in a post game scene, and they're saying all sorts of crazy shit. Have you seen these? Like, I saw, like Luke, like a Luca.
Speaker B: Are they AI generated or.
Speaker A: They're so good. And I'm wondering if they take this. But I've seen tons of, like, loopholes.
Speaker B: Because that's what's happening here. Right there. So two parts of this story. So this story in particular is about them launching what's called, what they're calling iconic voices. So here they've partnered with the actual estates of these iconic stars. So pain to your question here, do the people have to be dead for it to work? I want Scarlett Johansson to read to me. This particular one. They have partnered with the estates of these folks like Judy Garland, James Dean, and the like to bring their voices to the reader app. So the reader app is the other thing I wanted to point out to you. If you haven't seen this yet, it's actually really compelling. So this mobile app that you can download, you can actually like drop a link to an article you're reading and it loads it in there and it actually will read it to you out loud rather than you actually having to read it. So it basically turns any article into a podcast. Really interesting. So I've used it. I actually really enjoy it because instead of reading, I'll passively listen to stuff while I work, which is interesting. But the eleven Labs reader app is so what it does is converts digital text into voiceovers using AI. So there's a bunch you can pick from. And now some of these famous voices like Judy Garland, James Dean, Burt Reynolds, Lawrence Olivier Reynolds is dead. I don't know. Or he's just. Is he? I don't even know.
Speaker A: Turd Ferguson.
Speaker B: Yeah, and the, that's a good one. I. The celebrity Jeopardy.
Speaker A: Funny man strong.
Speaker B: It is. It's a big hat. That's why it's funny. This, the app can narrate various text formats including PDF's, ebooks and articles. So that's what I mean. Like literally you're scrolling an article and if you say Steve two years ago wrote a great article for dj network that you wanted to hear out loud before you deleted, I thought this was.
Speaker A: In the realm of possibility.
Speaker B: You could have thrown, you could have thrown it right in here. You oh, you could have thrown it right in here and listen to it. The estate partnerships are interesting because we've been seeing more and more lately, you know, people getting sued. Did you see that your favorite music apps are getting sued by the music industry?
Speaker A: Yes, yes.
Speaker B: So like, stuff like that is happening, right?
Speaker A: No longer able to create absolute bangers. Yeah, but, yeah, it's, it's, but I am seeing them. Like, I saw one, I saw a great TikTok the other day where it was, it was somebody saying like, oh, this is how your children hear your music. And this guy's in the car and he's listening to California love by Tupac. And he's like, when I was, you know, rising age, this is what we would listen to. And he's playing it and it's, you know, California love in its entirety and then it pans to the perspective of the kid and it's an AI generated California love. So the lyrics are all the same, but it's like 1940s, like ragtime. It's amazing. I was like, oh, how is this guy doing it? But I can't get my, I tried to do a workaround too, so I found a phonetic website where you could drop, you know, text in, and then it would transcribe it phonetically. And then I tried to drop, because the workaround is not having the words right. But if you have the phonetic Alphabet in there.
Speaker B: Oh, I see. So, like, when you google some, or when you look something up in the dictionary, when it tells you how to. Yeah, that's what you're talking about.
Speaker A: So I tried pasting the phonetics. That work almost worked. Almost worked. Like, it worked and, like, it. It registered, and some. Some stuff was coming through, but it wasn't in. It wasn't the same as, you know, dropping the full english versions.
Speaker B: All right, two questions before, or two things before we move on from this story. One, who, if you could pick any iconic voice to read things to you, well, who would it be?
Speaker A: Honestly, somebody that's, like, passed away. Like, I. I've been watching. I'm a big fan of stand up comedians that do drama.
Speaker B: I thought you were gonna say drugs. And I'm like, that's like, every.
Speaker A: Anybody that does drama. So, like, Robin Williams would be one that I would love, like, a dramatic reading. Like, if there was, like, I think him as a voiceover. All right, I'm a big round, but I've been watching. I was watching a show just yesterday, and Bill Burr came up in one of these scenes. I was like, just like, I don't.
Speaker B: Think he's dead, though.
Speaker A: No, not dead, but he is. I wholeheartedly believe he is the next stand up comedian that's going to get, like, an Oscar in a dramatic role, because every time I see him, Bill Burr is a solid actor, and I'm calling Shane Gillis. No, not Shane Gillis.
Speaker B: Maybe.
Speaker A: Maybe in the. Maybe in the.
Speaker B: Who's the worst? Who would be the worst for this? Would it be our buddy Gilbert Gil?
Speaker A: No, I think Adam Sandler, because he tries. He tries to do dramatic stuff.
Speaker B: No, sorry, I meant to read to you.
Speaker A: Oh, also Adam Sandler.
Speaker B: It could be Adam Sandler.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. I like this one from Steve. Is Fran Drescher alive? Imagine having her read you. She laughs after every sentence. I think that. One last thing. Payne, you said you wanted Scarlett Johansson to read to you. Are you chamber and Payne aware of the OpenAI drama with Scarlett?
Speaker A: Jonathan? I was aware of it. A couple years back, there was a movie called her where Scarlett Johansson plays essentially an AI girlfriend to. I think it's Joaquin Phoenix.
Speaker B: Yeah, she falls deeply in love with Joaquin, or vice versa, actually.
Speaker A: Yeah. So, yes, I did see that when OpenAI came out, like, it was suspiciously similar to her voice.
Speaker B: Yeah. So she's suing OpenAI. Apparently they had asked her to do it, she said no and now they made something similar that sounds like her.
Speaker A: And that's like exactly, it's not even similar. It's like exactly like her.
Speaker B: Like it's, they call the model sky, which is just like taunting her. It's almost the same unbelievable scar. Joe, you know? All right, two more quick stories here from the world of AI. This one also comes from the creative realm, from Runway ML. So chamber, the last couple weeks we've seen these crazy video models drop, we've seen commercials being made and Runway says hold my beer. They have introduced the gen three Alpha, which is their new AI video model, generating high fidelity, controllable video content. And this is to enhance video creation capabilities with consistency and motion control. Have you seen any of these videos yet?
Speaker A: I have not.
Speaker B: They are, they're pretty darn amazing, these ones. I've been seeing them all over my timeline. I'm working on a project that we're using this for and the renders have just been insane. We're doing some like pirate themed videos that have come out really nicely. But this supports text to video, image to video, and text to image transformations. It offers fine grained control over structure, style, motion as well. And some of these new safeguards include a visual moderation system. So you're not going to be able to do any copyright stuffed, but, and it's, I guess they're saying that it's integrating with existing and upcoming tools for more detailed content. This is interesting. So again, significantly for in this technology, easier for creators to create high quality dynamic content and video. This stuff keeps blowing my mind every day. It's just like, it's wild. Like what do you think when you see this? Like you've seen now full commercials and stuff with this, but yeah. Really?
Speaker A: So this person does not exist? Like this image, this does not exist in real life?
Speaker B: No. And actually what's even crazier, so like Luma, which we looked at a couple weeks ago, you can actually start a video from an image base. So in theory on Luma, it could be a person that exists, it could be you. Right? So that's why you've seen people do things with like memes on Luma, because you can start with that frame the keyframe image here. No, you can't. I don't believe you could do image to video here yet with three. So yeah, these are all generated I love just from text prompts. It's friggin wild, isn't it?
Speaker A: It is wild, yeah.
Speaker B: But anyway, so that is the latest and greatest in models. One more in the realm of search. So this comes from perplexity chamber. Have you used perplexity?
Speaker A: No, I'm perplexed by that question.
Speaker B: You should replace your Google searching with.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Oh, I basically only use perplexity for search athlete this point.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah. So you should check out perplexity if you have not perplexity AI. It's AI powered search engine and I believe it's ex Facebook folks that are part of perplexity, that are founders of perplexity. But perplexity has just announced that their pro search and it's an advanced search tool designed to provide a comprehensive and tailored search results and enhances the research process by using powerful AI to dig deeper into academic databases and other sources. So this is interesting. So if you've ever used perplexity, it's a really cool user interface pain. Maybe you could even pull up perplexity and just see if you could throw a search on screen so chamber can see how it actually works.
Speaker A: But I just thought you can get like an iPhone app like that.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, I have the iPhone app. It's fantastic. But. So like, throw a, throw a search in here. Ask it. Ask it, Scarlett.
Speaker A: No, ask it if Sinbad was in a genie movie in the nineties.
Speaker B: While it's doing that, the pro search offers advanced search capabilities, providing more detailed and refined results. It can summarize papers, provide curated sources, making an efficient tool for academic research too. And the tool supports simulations and data analysis to tailor its findings to specific research needs. So this is a much more of like a research intensive tool. Users can upload and analyze unlimited files, integrating them into their search queries and pro search ensures high level accuracy and relevance in its responses. This is super cool. I mean, I could see how students, researchers, data analytics, analysis would all use this perplexities already. I think the best way to search. But you can see here, it gave you no give you a correct answer, right? So, but then did it give you sources up top too? So it like goes a little further. So normally what you would get here is like in Google, it's your five links, they're usually all ads and whatever, and then you got to click through everything to find your answer. And here you've got all your sources up top, and then it kind of synthesizes everything to an answer for you, which is really cool. So this is just the basic perplexity, not the pro that we're talking about. But that pro sounds like process, it does exist.
Speaker A: That's my guess. Probably searches the dark web. I don't know.
Speaker B: It might. It might. Yeah. So this is interesting, I think. Yeah, you should, if you haven't used this chamber, start, start converting some of your searches to this and see what you think compared comparatively because you still have the source up top. You want to get to the article, just go click one of those and you're good to go. It actually kind of remembers what you're talking about here. And so here you can ask follow ups. It actually will suggest, it actually will suggest related articles as well as some follow up questions potentially for you as well, which I really like. And so, like, if you're asking about something that you're trying to learn about some of those like, follow up prompts that it gives you is, is really interesting. Right. Because you kind of like go down this tree of learning and rabbit holes. Chris wants to know, why are you messing with my head? When did it change to Wednesdays, Chris? You know, we just do this whatever we like. However, we are Wednesdays now, four to five eastern, once a week here, streaming everywhere.
Speaker A: Smash it.
Speaker B: What?
Speaker A: Yeah, we are streaming on, on Twitter. We're streaming on Twitch, YouTube, Facebook. I don't know where else we could be streaming, but all the places you want to be, we're there.
Speaker B: Fair enough.
Speaker A: Smash that, like, button.
Speaker B: Oh, that's what you were saying? Yes. Okay. This is the part of the show where I am supposed to remind you to smash that like, button. Hit us with a subscribe chamber. You know, the live streams we do, we've, I've been loving doing the live streams just because, you know, we're getting good attend live attendance and stuff. The, like, the metrics on the playbacks don't look great because we're just live. You know what I mean? But it's, I enjoy doing it this way. Much better. How about you?
Speaker A: I think we're going to see a, I don't know, back here.
Speaker B: Pain just coming on in. Did he? Oh, so sorry, my badgest.
Speaker A: I just wanted to say hi.
Speaker B: No, I really, that was 5 seconds of pain, everybody.
Speaker A: That was minimal pain.
Speaker B: Minimal pain.
Speaker A: But no, I do like this a lot better. I think we're building momentum every show now, it looks like gets a little bit more, gets more views than the last. Plus we have, we're getting a lot of momentum with all like, the clips we get from these. So we have a week's worth of content from one live stream. So it's very good.
Speaker B: And this is a great segue to my next topic and the topic of the day de jour, if you will, because guess what? Soon chamber that one piece of content, an hour long that we're turning into a weeks long content funnel for you. Soon some of that may be able to be automated out of your life. What would you say about that?
Speaker A: I would say, okay, I would enjoy that.
Speaker B: I'm about to show you kind of some just basic stuff that I'm working on. But I've been obsessed with automation lately, and because of the things you can now do with AI, it allows for you to automate a lot of different processes that you may not have thought were possible in the past, or that you may have had to be very technical to do in the past, that you no longer have to be because of these AI models. And so I have been on this crazy automation kick. Have you ever heard of Zapier?
Speaker A: I've heard of it, but I'm not sure what it is. It sounds very familiar.
Speaker B: Have you ever heard of Make.com?
Speaker A: Is that like a Scott, a Scott site?
Speaker B: No, not so Zapier and make our no code automation tools. So what their purpose is, is to help you kind of connect. So Zapier's tagline at some point, I believe, was the glue of the Internet, because all these companies, all these SaaS products, all the things that you use every day, are connected to the Internet and can be, and can talk to each other through APIs. And so when you have these API connections or when you have these APIs, it basically means that all of them can talk to each other. They've made these no code platforms like Zapier and make.com, so that people like myself. Or you can connect different pieces of the softwares that you're using every day to create these automated workflows or to just do things that do nothing, you know, normally connect. So here Chris says zappier linking chat, GPT to all the wonderful tools we use day in and day out. And that's correct. Yes. So that's what I've been obsessed about. And it's got me thinking about all of these things that we could do to automate a bunch of different processes in our lives. So I'm going to show you one chamber. This is the tip of the iceberg that I've been working on for you. We've been doing this show together for so long, and I just take, take, and I never give, I never give back to you. And so I'm over the next couple weeks, I'm going to build you something using these tools and AI to make your podcasting life easier.
Speaker A: All right, I'm touched.
Speaker B: That's my promise to you. The first one here is, uh, the first one here is simple. Uh, we, you know, you do a lot of work on the back end of our podcast to create descriptions and, uh, you know, get the podcast processed and things like that. Uh, one thing we don't have, though, is chapter markers. And we do not, we don't have.
Speaker A: Any chapter because I don't want to add any more work to my day.
Speaker B: Correct. But what if I could do it for you?
Speaker A: I would love it.
Speaker B: All right, so what you are looking at here is a workflow that actually will create chapters for you and actually add them automatically to your YouTube video. What do you think of that?
Speaker A: I love it. Immediately.
Speaker B: Okay, so what you're, we're looking at here is make.com. and this is actually, I mean, it's such a cool little interface here. You can see I've got a bunch of these different modules. Each one of these modules are different parts of the workflow. So it starts here with airtable. Are you familiar with airtable?
Speaker A: I am not.
Speaker B: So airtable is basically Google sheets on steroids. So think about all the awesome things you can do with Excel or Google sheets and give it some crystal meth. And you've got airtable. Lots of different functionalities, easier to organize.
Speaker A: And you had me at crystal meth.
Speaker B: Yeah. So here we're starting with airtable. So airtable is kind of like your data repository for this specific workflow. I'll show you exactly what we're doing there in a second. This one right here, this is actually a specific module that'll run code here. I'm running some python code that we have created with chat GPT, and you're running it in its own little module here. Then once it does that, it's passing to Claude. So this is Claude, and we are activating the Claude Opus model here. So one of the brand new Claude models here, you've got a prompt. So in this prompt, I'll kind of walk through what each one of these does. In a second, you got a little more code. This going out to YouTube. This is updating YouTube. And this one is coming back to airtable to finish the job off at the end. Right. So what's actually happening here? I'll show you this in a second. So we're going to start with our airtable. So super easy. It literally looks like an excel sheet, right. And I've just created here YouTube link, video id, chapters, etcetera. So I took one of our wonderful podcasts. I've got the link here, drop it here. It's automatically going to grab me this YouTube id, right. That's because I just did a little formula. Now, once I have that in my airtable, I'm going back here and we're going to then pass that id into the python script. The python script is going to basically get a transcript of the video. It's going to pass the transcript and timestamp. It's going to pass the transcript to Claude, who is going to read it and timestamp it.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Then that's going to pass it back to this code. That's going to turn the timestamps into the proper YouTube timestamps. Then it goes out. And actually, this is why I made you two fa me ten times yesterday. Yeah, because I was trying to get our YouTube API keys. So, so this actually will go out and it talks to our specific YouTube channel, which is cool. And then it's going to pass. It's going to. This adds the description to. Or, sorry, this adds the timestamps to the description. Add the chapters. Did you just pull me off?
Speaker A: Yeah, sorry, I was adding the other one.
Speaker B: So then it's actually going to add the chapters here and then it's going to go back and update the airtable. So. And it all will run. Now it's running. So right now I'm taking the stuff from the airtable. It's running the code. It's going to pass it to Claude. Claude's reading, time stamping, all of those wonderful things. Then when Claude's done, this is the longest part because it's reading, writing, comprehending.
Speaker A: What kind of timeframe are we looking at, though?
Speaker B: Oh, dude, it's going to be done in 30 seconds from now.
Speaker A: That's wild.
Speaker B: There you go. Done. Now. That's it. It's done. Now what? We go back here. Let's go back to our airtable. We should have one sec in our airtable now. You should have. Here's our, here's our little it up. I also have it that it will update this row with our timestamps. So now we've got. Here you go, producer. Pain. 1 minute of pain segment at the end, wrapping up the show. It's got all the time stamps here. And this is what would be added to our description in that YouTube video as well as the chapter markers. What do you think? Did I. Yeah.
Speaker A: So like 1 second I want to see if I. That was for, was that for the latest?
Speaker B: So a problem with our videos, and this is what I was saying to you yesterday, problem with our videos is because they're live, you can't actually add the chapter markers to them because they're live. So we would have to go and reproduce them. But anybody else who just does normal YouTube videos, right. That are not live streams, any normal YouTube videos, you would actually be able to add the chapter markers directly to.
Speaker A: Gotcha.
Speaker B: Yes. That's, that's just the tip of the iceberg, baby.
Speaker A: That's crazy.
Speaker B: What do you think?
Speaker A: I'm surprised with how fast it happened.
Speaker B: Well, that's, that's what I'm talking about. So like when you're talking about, think about all the time that you spend from the time we hit play here to the time it takes to get it out of uh, you know, get.
Speaker A: Oh yeah. I mean, to give you like to give you a timeline. Like literally we, we finished the show. I bring my kid to horseback riding. I'm back here at about seven. I'm from seven till about 830. It's, it's show related stuff. You know, I'm creating the description.
Speaker B: It's an hour and a half too long.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I enjoy it.
Speaker B: I'm gonna make this easier for you. So I'm working on some more of these that will make our podcasting life easier. I think there's tons of stuff you could do to make content creation a lot more automated, getting, you know, clips made for you. I'm working on one that's just uh, I can't, I'll, I'll show it when I'm done. But it talks about blow your balls off.
Speaker A: Did I show you what the uh, the uh, frame drop looks like for our show? No, I'll show you real quick here. One sec.
Speaker B: I'm sure they're doing some form of this in the background, right? Like when you, it's probably doing something similar. It's probably creating, you know, highlights off of our thing.
Speaker A: So this is, this is our last show. So I, what I do is I upload the video from streamyard to frame drop. And it takes a little bit of time, but after, you know, maybe like 20 minutes, I get up, I get populated a bunch of different clips. I don't know. Can you see that? Okay.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker A: So yeah, you get all these clips like here's the snake one here. It usually shows you a little highlight.
Speaker B: Is this blowing your mind or not?
Speaker A: It really is. This is super impressive. So then you can click on it and then I think you can export it here and then you can kind of figure out what, like if I want, if I want you in the clip here.
Speaker B: Oh, this is how it, so that's funny, that. So that's how you can just get the verticals.
Speaker A: Yeah, and then I want just the snake game portion here. So I'll just kind of minimize that and just kind of.
Speaker B: So you still have to make these clips though, like you have.
Speaker A: Yeah, but they. And then I trim.
Speaker B: Is this blowing your mind or not?
Speaker A: It really is. So there you go. Like, this is super impressive. Great. So, yeah, that's a little, a little insight. So a lot of that, that hour and a half after the fact is uploading the video, getting that stuff, getting some clips out. So it's not just the podcast side, but doing this definitely pares down the audio, doing spaces audio. Putting that out as podcast was a lot trickier. This is much easier. This is just a matter of downloading the audio and then putting it out.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm, well, I'm working on some stuff that'll ten x our content creation. How about that?
Speaker A: I freaking love it. I love it. I just, I just want likes. I don't want views and I want people. I just want people to love me. That's all I want. I want to feel. I want to be loved by droves of.
Speaker B: See, I don't know if it's that for me. I. For me. I like that. See, I like doing this part where I'm kind of like teaching people things they don't know.
Speaker A: I just want. Yeah, I just want blind adoration.
Speaker B: Adoration? Yeah, blind adoration was the name of your high school band?
Speaker A: It sure was great.
Speaker B: Yeah, it was great.
Speaker A: The name of my high school band, for the record, was Washington. Fuck, I can't even think of the name now. A lot of drugs between them.
Speaker B: A lot of drugs was the name of the band.
Speaker A: Huh, pop? It was like, I forget what it's like. Fudge.
Speaker B: My buddy, my buddy had a band and it was called Sweater Vest Revolution.
Speaker A: Good name. Good name.
Speaker B: Yes. That's so. All right, that's good. That does it for my AI portion of the show, which takes up 50 minutes of the show these days. But do we have any crypto talk?
Speaker A: We do. We do have a little crypto talk. I want your insights on some of this. Hang on one sec. Oh, yeah, here it is right here. Let's talk crypto.
Speaker B: Just a part of the show where we talk about crypto. What a great drop.
Speaker A: Isn't that good? Pain? I don't know if you can bring this up. We'll start with the. You know. Yeah, you know, we'll start with the Sahel stuff. Big news. I think this was yesterday.
Speaker B: I didn't see this. Incredible.
Speaker A: Big news. Serial celeb token launcher. Sahil has been suspended on Twitter.
Speaker B: That's a really nice way to say piece of shit. Scammer.
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, serial celeb token launcher. Yeah, I think piece of shit. Is it inherent in that title?
Speaker B: You should. You should definitely put that in your bio. I mean, you are Eric Stevens alt account. You are the Eric Stevens alt.
Speaker A: Eric Stevens alt account. You know, hey, we all. We all have. We wear many masks, is all. I'll say. But, yeah, this is. This is. This is. What are your thoughts here? Big news.
Speaker B: I think it's. I think it's great news. I did not realize his handle was the heel fun, which is actually just hilarious. It's. There's nothing like the scammers just laughing in your face as they do it and just blatantly showing it right to you. It's the magician that pulls the bunny out of that, right, and tells you how he's doing it, and you still are impressed and by their stuff. So that's really funny. Pain. T row says you need to turn on dark mode. I tend to agree. Chamber, what are your thoughts?
Speaker A: 100%. I mean, dark mode is the only mode.
Speaker B: If he had dark mode, his computer, he'd always be asleep. Is that how it works? Is it, like, circadian rhythm? Is it. Does dark mode give you melatonin? Is what's. What. Am I missing some really good signs here?
Speaker A: It's possible, but, I mean, you ever fall asleep at your office chair?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: I have. So, I mean, I can.
Speaker B: We've got this nice gamer chair, but I sleep in it. All right, what. What else for? What else for crypto talk. We got Sahel suspended.
Speaker A: So I see. Sale suspended, but then immediately. That's so much.
Speaker B: Oh, look at that. See, with AI, you can make dark mode in 2 seconds.
Speaker A: But then I immediately see. I don't know if you could pull up the next. The next one there. Pain. We have Sidney sweeney. Literally. It happened after the suspension. So I'm like, what is even happening right now? I had to double check it. 100. I couldn't. It turns out the tweets have been since deleted. But, yeah, yesterday, Sidney sweeney tweets out the Sweeney token. Said she's going on spaces to discuss. Iii triple check the account. I'm like, oh, this is 100% her account. I go to bring it up today. Everything's gone. She's now claiming her account has been hacked for the second time in as many months. I think. I think she. I think she mentioned her account was hacked a month or two ago. You know, Sidney Sweeney. Is this mean. She's more likely. Her cat's been a hacked a couple of times. Is this both for crypto related issues? So I don't know. Is she trolling us?
Speaker B: This is big news.
Speaker A: I mean, arguably, you know, is rumored to have made over 600k on. On this last one.
Speaker B: That's got to be, like, peanuts for her, though.
Speaker A: Is it, though? Like, I start thinking I'm like, Sydney Sweeney. I. She's not making that.
Speaker B: She's like, yeah, but she's, like, having her moment, you know?
Speaker A: I don't know if the moments are the same as they used to be.
Speaker B: This is the. This is the type of person we need in our lives, Chris, you are. This is a. This is why we love you. He's watching on three devices. Get those numbers up, baby. Like, subscribe on all of them. But he feels YouTube is the best so far. Don't tell Elon. He'll take your check away. But the, um. Yeah, the. The most odd celebrity hack that I saw during this cycle. Do you have any guests?
Speaker A: No, I don't have a guess. I'm trying to think of who got hacked.
Speaker B: You wouldn't. You wouldn't even. You probably don't even consider this person a celebrity, which is why it's so odd that they were hacked. Was it Steve got Buster only.
Speaker A: Buster only from baseball tonight. Yeah, that's. That's crazy. What happened.
Speaker B: Not surprising at all. No, he. He had the, uh. He had his account hacked, and they were like, oh, join the buster token and all.
Speaker A: Crypto, like, meme coin. Yeah, that's wild. That's why.
Speaker B: Probably sahel fun. Who knows?
Speaker A: I heard Hulk Hogan's password was.
Speaker B: Was. Brother.
Speaker A: Was. Yeah, just brother four times in a row.
Speaker B: Brother, brother, brother, brother. Exclamation point. Any more crypto news today?
Speaker A: That's all I had. That was. You know, there's ETF stuff happening right now. Ethereum, ETF. Looks like it's going to be postponed either to.
Speaker B: Is that why we're tanking today?
Speaker A: Yeah, it's. The market does not like a postponement.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So eth, you know, it is what it is. I still think, you know, we were talking about it couple of months ago. You know, summer is going to be what it is. You know, it's crypto. I'm really looking at. I'm really starting to buckle in as you know. I'm going to lean in like the lean in meme come September, once the kids go back to school. I think that's, that's when I start to lean in.
Speaker B: That's time to lean in. All right.
Speaker A: So. I think so.
Speaker B: All right. Do we have any dad talk? I got one. Yeah, let's a dad update.
Speaker A: Oh, my goodness. All right, let me hit the clip.
Speaker B: Let's do dad talk. Dad talk. Dad talk.
Speaker A: It's time for some dad talk.
Speaker B: All right. If you remember, last week, we left the show last week on dad talk where I was about to send my son a letter from Spider man.
Speaker A: Right, right, right.
Speaker B: Because he wasn't listening. Do you remember this?
Speaker A: I do remember this.
Speaker B: Uh, it was, it was, it was a smash hit. It was a, wow. The dude, he was so excited to get a piece of mail for him, uh, and that it was from Spider man. Just absolutely blew his socks off. And he was so excited. And then he, you know, we read it to him and I think he was kind of confused about why Spider man was telling him to listen to his parents, but he dug it. I have had to read that letter every night at bedtime for an entire week. How about that?
Speaker A: So did you have to read it in order to remind him to listen?
Speaker B: No, he's asking, he's requesting that we read him the Spider man note before bedtime. And so, and it's, I've asked him many times, like, oh, what is this note about? Because I want him to, I want to make sure he comprehended and he gets it. He's like, spider man told me to be a good boy. I was like, yeah, like, that's right. And I like, so why are you still so bad?
Speaker A: Yeah, Spidey wants to know.
Speaker B: So, but it was, it worked. So, you know, as much as it could have. It was impactful and it got through to him and he enjoyed it. So that is the, that is the up dad update. I forget what yours was, but yours also required. Oh, trampoline. Trampoline update.
Speaker A: Trampoline.
Speaker B: Did we make it?
Speaker A: She made it. The, it's been ordered. It's in route.
Speaker B: Wow. All right. So, yeah.
Speaker A: And now she's only cost me dollar 300.
Speaker B: Now she, and now she's saying I hate you every day since she has stopped saying it.
Speaker A: And it was.
Speaker B: 30 days is enough to build a habit.
Speaker A: Absolutely. So yeah, it has. Has worked. I mean, she's. She's still a hunk of shit.
Speaker B: Yeah. All right. Here's my dad talk for the day. I have two boys. As you know, they are of close enough in age. The little one, a year and a half, is now kind of coming into his own, and he wants to play with all the things his brother wants, and his brother wants to play with all the things he wants, and it's always happening simultaneously. So we are firmly in the. In the realm of, like, everything we have has to be in twos, and they have to be exactly the same. They cannot be any different, or one's going to want what the other one wants, of course. And even if they are basically the same thing, we've actually had to buy new versions of things that were different to stop them from fighting over the different things. Have you experienced this at all?
Speaker A: Not too bad. So my oldest daughter's almost five years older. She's about four and a half years older than my youngest daughter. Yes, she's pretty mature. She's still a hunk of junk sometimes, but she understands, but she's not like.
Speaker B: Hey, give me your cigarettes.
Speaker A: No. Well, she vapes.
Speaker B: She vapes, of course. Sorry. You teach her, right? She's grown up in North Korea. Good household, the. Yeah. So this is my version of the terrible twos. It's. It's that I have to have two of everything, and they're exactly the same thing. Like, they have these ride on cars upstairs that are, like, you know, you. You know, push cars with their feet, and the little one had, you know, a smaller baby one, and the big one had this very cool other version of one, and the baby started riding it, and, like, because now he can ride it, and it has caused so much chaos in our house. Constant fighting over who has it. And so we literally had to buy a second.
Speaker A: I think it's better.
Speaker B: It had to be the same color. And, yes, I think it's better that.
Speaker A: Way, because now the problem we have is because my youngest daughter is, like, again, four and a half years younger, and then my oldest daughter will do something. She's. She wants to do that. And. And sometimes it's nearly impossible. Like, we were at a water park over the weekend, and there was areas she couldn't go in because of the height difference and stuff. Yeah. Like, it's. It's.
Speaker B: It's.
Speaker A: It's better that for them to be a little closer, I would say, even though there's issues.
Speaker B: All right, that'll do it for dad, talk. The last part of the show here. As we wrap up, it's time for 1 minute of pain.
Speaker A: He's not looking for any fame. It's too late to hide. Time for 1 minute of pain.
Speaker B: 1 minute of pain is where we bring producer Payne in, and he grades the show, asks any questions, and generally just talks about what is interesting to him. Pain. Welcome.
Speaker C: Thanks, fellas. Ten out of ten show again. I don't really understand how we keep getting better, but somehow we do.
Speaker B: You know, it's been, it's the once a week thing.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Such a long time of really dialed in a mediocrity, you know, now it's time to. Time to elevate a little bit.
Speaker A: We're going from Blake Lively to Eva Longoria is what you're telling me.
Speaker C: Once wasn't there. He was trying to dog on Blake Lively.
Speaker B: But, yeah, you know, I have a buddy that also doesn't think she's a tape.
Speaker A: For the record, Blake Lively is gettable for all of us on the screen right now.
Speaker B: Wait, is that Ryan Reynolds wife?
Speaker A: Yeah. Ryan Reynolds, a hunk of junk. We would.
Speaker B: What? Yeah, dude, you ain't beating Ryan Reynolds.
Speaker A: Listen, if we're talking Ryan Gosling, different story. Okay.
Speaker B: But there are no, there are zero celebrity, Ryan, that you are better than. Anyway. Payne, grade the show scale of one to ten.
Speaker C: It is a ten. I thought the audiobooks in the various voices is crazy. If we can. Steve, I know he was trying to say my Scarlett Johansson take was maybe a little bit creeper ish, but if she wants to sponsor the show or come on anytime, she's welcome.
Speaker B: I agreed.
Speaker C: Yeah. Open invite.
Speaker B: Who. Who would be the. The top voice that you would want to read to you outside of Scarjo?
Speaker C: Morgan Freeman.
Speaker B: That's what I was going to go with. I thought that was slightly too obvious for me to say, but yes, but it's true.
Speaker C: You know, you really can't beat that.
Speaker B: That's very true. What else interested you from today's episode? How were you? Were you, were your balls blown off by the automation demo?
Speaker C: They know. They really were. I'm going to have to go back and watch it a little bit. And I'm also like, how can we get this set up for. For coffee with captain when Steven and Chris, you know, sometimes maybe go three or 4 hours, it would be great.
Speaker B: To just hit me up. Pain. Now that you've seen it, I'll show you what's behind the curtain.
Speaker C: I'm getting those DM's. Don't worry.
Speaker B: I invited you. I invited you earlier to something that is still undisclosed to the public. You're one of two people that have seen it. Chamber hasn't even seen it yet, so.
Speaker C: I'm glad no one else has joined us.
Speaker B: Right? No, that's it. That's it. But I'll be. I'll probably show it on the show next week because it'll be ready by then. But, you know, I'm excited. Yeah.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: All right. That is gonna do it for us today. Thank you. Pain chamber. Fun as always. Go do some horse stuff. Until next time, keep the mic hot.
Speaker A: What have I done? What have I become?
Speaker B: I can't describe this. This is my mid mic crisis.
