Speaker A: On today's episode of the Mint Condition, we learn how to protect our NFT assets with Alexander Taub of truth Labs. Let's get into it.
Speaker B: This episode is brought to you by the Degen Community Network Media for the decentralized generation. If you want to connect or to check out more great NFT and crypto.
Speaker C: Content, go to dgen.net work.
Speaker B: That's dgen.net work.
Speaker A: Hello and welcome to the mint condition. I am Bunchu, alongside my esteemed colleagues and co host, chamber and Des Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker D: Good, man. I'm fresh and clean. And just got out of the shower, I noticed I was, you know, I had the day on me. You know what I mean? You know, when you got to wash the day off? The day has been long, and I had to wash that off me, but I'm not 100% sure if the shower took. I still got a little bit of a glisten on the back of my neck, currently.
Speaker A: Lovely way to get into it here.
Speaker D: I'm mostly clean.
Speaker A: Des, how are you doing, my friend?
Speaker C: I woke up clean, stayed clean the whole time. I don't have to wash the day off of me. But, um. I'm just starting to realize, though, and clean shaven bunch, you just lasted a hot minute.
Speaker A: That dude. That's it. Like, I gotta do it again already. It's crazy. It's literally been, what, two a week? Two weeks, maybe? Yeah. Yeah. So I'm going for the. I'm gonna go back down.
Speaker B: It's.
Speaker A: It's gonna come back to clean shaven baby face bunch shortly. But, you know, the problem is, and the reason I have a beard to begin with is I'm just that damn lazy, right? Like, I just cannot get, like, in the list of things that I prioritize in my life. Shaving my face is very low.
Speaker D: I couldn't imagine. I couldn't imagine.
Speaker B: Brutal.
Speaker A: It's like, why would I waste my time doing that? And then, you know, you get, like, razor burn and it's just. It's for the birds. But, you know, I like the baby face look, so. But anyway, speaking of the birds, some big, big birds happening yesterday. What should we just, like, get right into it? I mean, look, first, let's set the stage for the show. So welcome in. We've got. You might have heard at the top. We have. We will be joined halfway through the show by special guests Alexander Taub, AJT, mayor of Goblin Town, founder of Upstream. We've got all kinds of fantastic stuff to talk to him about on the back half. In the meantime, we're just going to, you know, chat about our general nonsense, actually, before we get to the moonbird stuff and proof of. I just want to give chamber this opportunity before the show. He really had some topics that he felt were very important to discuss today. So I just want to give Chamber the floor. I want to give Chamber the floor to lead this intelligent conversation around. Solana nFt chamber.
Speaker D: Yeah. Solana NFts, man. The future of NFTs, as I like to refer to them as. I got real horned up over the weekend about Solana NFTs. I had that real fomo. I know we were talking about an article.
Speaker A: So wait, let's talk about what threw.
Speaker D: It right out the window.
Speaker A: I mean, Solana NFts aren't new. What?
Speaker D: So the fomo came from, I think, I want to say Saturday, Sunday was really starting to build up about this ute's thing. I wasn't too familiar, as you know. As you know, I'm not very knowledgeable guy when it comes to nfts, but I do feel fomo with the best of them. So I saw that there was like this ute approval bot or something like that. I was basically every, like ten minutes, you know, posting somebody's twitter handle that they were approved to mint this, you know, this ute's nft in the near future. I was looking into it a little bit. Turns out it's a Solana NFT. It's from the same creators that made the d gods and the dead gods that were Solana nfts. And then the more I looked into it, it turns out you couldn't buy it with Solana. You have to have this other Solana and this other Solana based cryptocurrency called dust. It was a whole thing. But I really like the fact that they announced that you were approved on Twitter, as I, you know, as I'm one to, you know, enjoy any sort of Twitter props I can get. So, yeah, as you can see here, I have no idea what it is. I don't know what they look like. They, like I said, they are associated with d gods. But the, you know, my twitter feed was on fire with this stuff over the weekend. So I literally, you know, I was in the war room. I asked what wallet, what Solana wallet I needed to get. I was told to get the phantom wallet. So I got that right away.
Speaker B: Good.
Speaker D: And then I'm like, well, I have some USDC. I'm like, I'll convert that to Solana. And kind of go from there. I'm like, oh, shit. I'm like, I got to figure out how to get the Solana to that wallet because it's on a different blockchain. So I hop on FTX, I send some USDc over there, swap it for solana, take the solana, send it over to my phantom wallethead, swapped the swap half of my phantom for dust, and, and then I applied for this youth ute's. I forget what they called it, but it was like a scholarship program. Yeah. So I applied, I got in with, I think, 4 hours to go. Basically. There was, there was 4 hours left in the application process before it was cut off. So I got in under the, under the timeline here, and then I just started. And then I asked my buddy phonics what the best NFT marketplace was, and he said, magicen IO. So I hopped on there, then I started buying these.
Speaker C: You went down Solana rabbit hole?
Speaker D: 100%. And then I made a three x on some of these things already. So I bought a whole bunch of shrimps. Yeah, shrimps, yeah. And I bought them at about two Solana. And now they are, let's see here. I think they were almost at seven Solana.
Speaker A: They had a great day.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker D: So I'm still holding. I'm a shrimp maxi. I'm a Solana maxi. Now. I have no idea what's happening. I know there's zero fees. Yeah. So it's been an exciting week in the Solana ecosystem for me.
Speaker C: That's crazy. I, you know, it's undeniable that ute's was taking over twitter and then ironically got shut down across alder did.
Speaker A: Yeah. Can you tell us a little bit more des, about what the ute's actually are? Because chambers very in depth explanation wasn't quite enough.
Speaker C: Yeah, I'm maxi with a zero bag, so that feels really good. I did nothing, uh, partake and get on the scholarship program, even though I should almost fomo'd into a Degas.
Speaker A: Did you apply?
Speaker C: No, I didn't apply.
Speaker B: Oh, wow.
Speaker C: Yeah, shame on me. But no, I, the more I looked into it. I am a super fan of what they're trying to do at youth's. They? Yeah, they basically want to be. So for example, to start the way you get a ute, it's basically like the companions to the gods, but you actually had to guarantee your ute, you had to take a normal to God, which is like a 600 solana floor, and you had to spend a thousand or more dust to turn it into a dead God. And that's what chamber was referring to. And with every dead God, you get one ute. Now there's, I think there's 15,000 ute's or something like that. But three, 3500 are earmarked for the scholarship program, which you then have to buy with 375 dust. So about, you know, $1,000 worth of dust. And then I think 500 are reserved for something else. So, you know, there's, there's, you know, it's one of the biggest communities on Solana for sure.
Speaker D: That JP brings up a good point here. I noticed you went with a soft dug God as opposed to, you know, a sharp d God. So I just didn't know if that was the right pronunciation. Was I pronouncing Jp seems to be on the d God side with me. I don't know what's happening.
Speaker C: I'm going to go with d God since I just had to research this on my own and not talk to anybody. So, yeah, it's like when you read a book and then 100%, that's what I just think. You see the movie a year later and you're like, oh, okay, yeah, so it's craft.
Speaker A: So, okay, so what the hell is a ute?
Speaker C: So ute is their companion. And they've leaked some images, I think about it. But what attracts me so much to it is they're trying to do this unique marketplace where artists can submit different traits that can be added to your youths. And then the community decides which of these traits to bring into the collection. And then artists can make royalties on the usage of that trait. So it's like a really cool artist forward marketplace where you can, dare I say, customize and personalize the art. That's why it speaks to me as a goats, you know, maximalist, you know, that's, that, that's why it, it tracks me. It's, they're trying to do something different with this kind of marketplace built on the back end of the dust protocol.
Speaker A: Very interesting. So there's your ute's primer. If you want to learn more about this, we did just bring up here some, some articles that you could find directly on dj network. One is by Steve. So we've got his bullish thoughts on ute's. So check that out@djen.net. work. We also have one that Sugeshane did on dust, specifically. So on what dust is and how you use it and what role it in the d gods.
Speaker D: That one's super thorough too, by the way. The dust one is incredibly in depth.
Speaker A: Yeah. So definitely go check those out if you want to learn more. I applied to the ute list.
Speaker D: You're talking shit.
Speaker A: I don't know what it is. I don't, I don't. I applied because I do had the.
Speaker D: I hope you got it. I hope you get it.
Speaker A: I applied. I also, I also swapped for 375 dust.
Speaker B: Mm hmm.
Speaker A: And so I have some dust.
Speaker D: And did you swap right on the phantom wallet? Because I thought that there's a lot of positives about that phantom wallet that I found out about over the last few days.
Speaker A: Phantom is easily the best Solana wallet. Like, no, no doubt.
Speaker C: Rewinding back to our first day of this podcast, how the hell did you guys get Solana merch? Like, who reached out from Solana?
Speaker D: Oh, we were big influencers in the space a while back.
Speaker B: Stop it. Stop it.
Speaker D: No. Salon of summer.
Speaker A: Yeah, Salona Summer. What? But chamber never had a Solana wallet. I basically.
Speaker D: No, I did. I played on the radium deck, so I had a.
Speaker A: That's right.
Speaker D: And I was playing the different altcoins within the Solana ecosystem for a little bit.
Speaker A: I think I need to address this because it comes up every goddamn episode. My blinds are open. I need the natural light to come in.
Speaker D: You look wonderful in the natural light, by the way.
Speaker A: But the problem is, during the time of the show, the sun starts to shift into, like, sun setting mode on the front of my house. So that's when it starts to come in through the blinds. About halfway through.
Speaker D: That's how you know that the show is almost done.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: Exactly. And I get more and more excited as the light comes through because I'm almost fucking done talking to you guys. And then. But that's what happens. And I get blinded by the light. And so, just so you know, a little behind the scenes, a little pullback of the blinds, if you will. JP says Solana summer was six days ago.
Speaker D: Yeah, no, it was six days long.
Speaker A: Oh, six days long. Sorry.
Speaker D: It was.
Speaker A: Yes, but. All right, so that's what the ute's are. Chamber. I mean, great job talking about Solana NFTs.
Speaker D: It's what the people want, I can tell. I think the people were tired of us talking about moonbirds, so I needed to shift gears and formal.
Speaker A: That's why I, that's why I kind of moved away from the moonbirds talk right away. I wanted to get into it, but I think, you know, the Solana NFts were much more important because you, you were so adamant that we were going to talk about it today. And then I was like, well, do you actually know anything about it? And you're like, uh oh, another.
Speaker D: Another fun thing I would recommend. Anybody looking for this ute's on Twitter. There is another Twitter account that has, like, I think it looks like it's, what do you call it? Like, verified and has, like, multiple, like, tens of thousands of followers. Not a good Twitter account. I almost really lost everything by clicking on the wrong link.
Speaker A: Oh, wow. You almost.
Speaker B: Almost.
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So be careful out there. The correct. We're selling our birds at eight e. What's it drops that far? I did a calculation the other day of my four birds. Anybody want to guess I. What my average cost basis is on these things?
Speaker A: In eth.
Speaker D: In in eth, correct. Yes.
Speaker A: Eleven.
Speaker D: Oh, I wish.
Speaker B: Oh.
Speaker D: I got really excited.
Speaker C: I asked to lower it way down.
Speaker D: You would know. So my lowest purchase was tennis, and that was the. My number one burn.
Speaker C: Well, no, yeah. I mean, you got the raffle, right? It was.
Speaker D: No, I didn't get the raffle.
Speaker A: No, he never got the raffle. That was the whole thing was we were like, if you don't get the raffle, will you buy one? And he said no. And then the. He had one by the next show.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's my bad.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker D: Yeah. So my average buy was 21.75 east.
Speaker A: Whoa.
Speaker D: I had to look at him like, because I bought. So I bought two. So my second and third bird. Good call, moist. My second and third bird was when I swap. So I was a real big brain move. I swapped a bunch of my ETH to USDc at around the $3,000 mark. And then when ETH plummeted to about 1000, I think I converted a good chunk of it back into ETH at about dollar 1100. So I had all this Eth in my wallet that was just burning a hole. I bought two birds. Both were rare, one for 27th and one for 26 eth, and then I bought my fourth one at 19 Eth.
Speaker A: T Rose says, so chamber is a liar. Welcome to the show.
Speaker D: What I lied about, I try not to lie.
Speaker A: Welcome to the show.
Speaker D: I don't know what I lied about.
Speaker A: The fact that you said you wouldn't have one if you didn't hit the raffle and then.
Speaker D: Oh, yeah, absolutely.
Speaker A: No, no. Totally lying. All right, let's talk about a couple other things here before we get to our guests.
Speaker C: A quick word on the burbs. Future proof. Yesterday, obviously a big milestone for them and laying out their roadmap. Honestly, my biggest takeaway is their roadmap is great. It's filled with a lot of great things that are going to come many, many, many months from now. I mean, that's right. Because you looked at the activity, it was crazy yesterday. I mean, oddities at one point, like shot up to 2.3 and then instantly dropped to 1.5.
Speaker D: I sold an oddity at 2.5 yesterday.
Speaker B: It went.
Speaker D: I was excited about it.
Speaker C: The words like middle of next or early next year and just, I mean, just absolutely dove.
Speaker A: I just don't get what people wanted, though. It's called future proof, as in happening in the future, not right this second proof.
Speaker D: I just don't get knockoff this week.
Speaker A: I got so pissed at, like, the reaction, like, I don't understand what you could possibly want from this. This team. Like, they're delivering on absolutely everything. I understand this hiccup with the CCO. I understand the thing with the original oddities utility, but they listen to you and they fix it. And then people just bitch and bitch and bitch. And I cannot stand it. And I, like, I left, he won't have it, people. He left. I left multiple moonbirds, groups that I was in yesterday.
Speaker D: Really.
Speaker A: I just couldn't stand it. I'm like, I don't need this in my life. First of all, it was just like, there's no pleasing anybody and it's just impossible. The expectations for the space are out of control. Like they're, they're doing everything short of handing you a sack of fucking money and you like, nobody's happy. So sell your damn bird and get out. Like, what do you want? I'm like heated over this.
Speaker C: So glad I went into this a little bit further so we could bring this anger out of bunch.
Speaker A: You look. And I mean, I am in a spot where I sold the moonbird last week for 40, almost 15 eth. And I sold it last week because I figured exactly what would happen yesterday happened. Like, I might miss out on a couple ethnic as it ran into the announcement, but yeah, because I think we.
Speaker D: Got up to just under 18 eth, right.
Speaker A: But I also anticipated that at some point it would dump and it would be a rush, right? So I just was like, I'm going to get this over with. And the reason I sold one is because I felt overexposed, right? I still have two and a half birds that I own, but I had three and I felt like I needed to take one off the table. So I did that and now I'm in a comfortable spot where I'm like, okay, well, I'm just going to hold the rest and be along for the ride. And so my thought is anybody who's complaining about yesterday is overexposed and they should sell their damn birds and get out.
Speaker D: Right? I agree with bunch. I was just, I was just more shocked with the price fluctuation of both oddities and, and birds because I feel like I looked at it 1 minute and then like, literally like 15 minutes later, it had dumped very aggressively for both. But, you know, I think I got my fourth fanny pack today, by the way, too. No duplicates. My whole family's covered with fanny packs at this point. Did you guys get all yours, by the way?
Speaker A: Yeah, I have four.
Speaker D: Love it.
Speaker A: I just went on a real heated rant there.
Speaker D: That's okay, that's okay. That's what we want. That's what the people wanted, to rather have it again.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Uh, Des, tell us about the clone x forging. I'm, I'm unfamiliar with what's going on here.
Speaker C: Yeah. So, um, you know, I'm a fan of forging.
Speaker A: Um, that's why I went to you.
Speaker D: Exactly.
Speaker C: Uh, so clone X is something they've been promising and something they've honestly done as a brand or, you know, artifact as a brand since the early days is, is this had this thing called forging, which basically lets you take a digital object and turn it into a physical object and have it shipped to you and appear in real life. And so they're an apparel focused company owned by Nike, and they released their first true apparel line that's related to their clone x NFT project. And they did a pretty cool job. They did a. So for clone X, there are seven different DNA types and those had, like, different rarities associated with them. And so they created a line of clothing, about five to eight items per DNA trait. So it was really cool. So if you owned a human, then you were able to purchase the enforge, the human collection vice for, you know, going forward. The robot collection. If you owned a robot clone, then you get to purchase that one. And they were separate kind of items and lookbooks. So, um, yeah, that kicked off today. Um, it's something that was probably promised a little bit earlier than August, probably closer to earlier the year. But, um, regardless, kicked off today. I'm not sure how it's going because they don't really publish the numbers of how many people have, have gotten, um, those items, I don't think. Um, but I, I went in, purchased some, uh, some of the different apparel that pertain to the clone x ones I hold and yeah, you know, I think it has the level of Nike quality. I'll say that, you know, a lot of collections put out merch, but this definitely has the signature of Nike behind it.
Speaker A: So did you forge?
Speaker B: I did, yeah.
Speaker A: Very cool. Well, you're going to have to show us when you actually get your sure.
Speaker C: Next year, 2024. I think it's coming. So.
Speaker D: Wow, future proof.
Speaker A: Yeah. What was the reaction from that? Yeah, Chamber. Why are you laughing?
Speaker D: The comment you posted from, from TJ, we were chatting today about rec podcast and he's like, well, why don't you guys like do it anymore? I'm like, you know, it's, it's a lot of work and you know, like that second show is hard. I said it's hard to stay consistent like we talk about all the time. Right. Consistency with podcasting is very difficult, especially when there's two people or, you know, two or three people. And I said, you know, and I said, you know, you've been working hard, you know, back in doing, doing some stuff for DJ and I said, you know, I said, if a bunch is working too hard, you can get grumpy. So I said, I said a second show would definitely put him over the edge. And it's, yeah, it's definitely grump shoe. And now you people at home got a little taste of it. You could tell he was working on, you know, he's got a baby on the way. He's working hard. Give the, cut the guy some slack. So, yeah, it's tough, man. It's tough.
Speaker A: Thanks. Well, it's great to know that you're having these kinds of conversations behind my back and I really appreciate it.
Speaker D: That's all right. That's all right.
Speaker A: So, Des, one more thing that you posted in our chat today that I found super interesting, but I really didn't have enough time to look into it and I wish I did. Internet game talk. Like, what is that?
Speaker D: It sounds made up.
Speaker A: It looks super interesting to me. And it minted yesterday or, and, or today and I didn't know all the details, but it seemed super interesting to me. Do you know much about it?
Speaker C: Yeah, through the little research that I did. And honest, I'm a bag holder now. Two entry tickets.
Speaker A: So is it still minting?
Speaker C: It is the private, I think the private sale is on right now. Maybe it moved into public sale, honestly. And basically they, I guess they did a first one. But this is actually the second Internet game that they've, they're hosting, uh, and it's hosted by g money. G money. Thank God. Yeah, g money. And, um, I think like a famous actress, and I'm trying to remember if it's the person from Catherine Deneuve, silly.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: Leah Lamar.
Speaker C: Leah Lamar. Is that the person from new girl?
Speaker A: I don't know. That's zooey desh channel.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: Oh, no, no. Well, thank you, des channel. It's actually not. It's. I have no idea who this person is.
Speaker D: However, I'm gonna do some research on Leo Lamar.
Speaker C: Apparently she's an actress comedian, and so, yeah, they're hosting this Internet game, too, which is trying to be a very nice non deadly squid game. Yeah, I think people would prefer it be a deadly squid game, but it's supposed to be just a kind of fun way to win some pretty epic NFT prizes. You basically get your entry tickets. They have these, like, little mini games, which, you know, very similar to squid games. They have an opening round, which is just try to accumulate as many points as possible, and then they move into their elimination round where people get killed, and then the people that survive win the prizes. So it's pretty exciting. I know. No other research into it other than that.
Speaker A: So you want a game token? That's what I want.
Speaker C: No, you don't want any of these. I mean, you could get one of these, but you actually. Technically, all you need is a ticket, so you could just buy a ticket. Those are kind of like Genesis passes, if you will.
Speaker A: So I want. Here, looks like.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's live. There you go.
Speaker A: Okay .069 per ticket. Ten days remaining. Nice. So you got two tickets?
Speaker C: I did. I signed up through premit. If you are premit Genesis holder, they give you a little discount on the ticket price. And.
Speaker A: I didn't realize that was going.
Speaker C: On, but I feel like another, like, small little alpha is man.
Speaker A: Only 2200 minted. This could be a pretty good ev bet to win some prizes.
Speaker C: You never know. I suck at minigames, so I'm probably going to bow out early on, but I'm willing to play the game, so we'll see how it goes.
Speaker A: Interesting. Yeah, I saw this yesterday and I was like, oh, this seems pretty cool, but then I got busy and didn't do it, so now. Good to know. I have ten days.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Uh, remaining to mint this. I will actually probably pick one up.
Speaker C: Um, well, see you in the games then.
Speaker A: Let's do it. We should all compete against each other.
Speaker C: And, uh, we should do that.
Speaker A: Yeah. So chamber, you should. You should pick one up as well.
Speaker D: Let's do it.
Speaker A: Um, and then we're gonna go, uh, TJ full of them today. Grumptu trying to pronounce. Grumptu trying to pronounce. Zoe Deschanel is like John Travolta butchering Adina manziel at the Oscars.
Speaker D: That's one of the best.
Speaker C: Adele de Zim.
Speaker A: Adele de Zim. So good.
Speaker D: And for the record, Leah Lamar, I mean, not a, not a, I wouldn't say a massive celebrity just based on her IMDb post here, but it's not looking great. She is in a quasi Bigfoot movie, like one of those c Bigfoot movies. So might give that a watch.
Speaker A: Oh, wow. Interesting. So, well, you've, you've definitely. That's your.
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, I, she really, she really speaks to me for sure. But I don't know.
Speaker A: While we, while we wait here for our guest to arrive, shall we, shall we talk about our sponsor?
Speaker D: Oh, yes. Because I have a lot of questions. Football questions. I have a lot of football related questions.
Speaker A: You sure do. That's for sure. But let's quickly get into this here with our sponsor, draft kings. So have you. Hold on bringing it up here. Have you heard about DraftKings marketplace? It is the place to snag all the latest digital collectibles across sports, entertainment and culture. DraftKings has released their first ever NFT fantasy game, Rainmakers football. It's the only NFT fantasy game licensed by the NFL Pa. Now you can collect the hottest player cards NFTs while playing for free for millions in prizes. Right now, everyone can get their first full roster starter pack for free. Playing is simple. Buy, sell, bid, and win player cards of the biggest names in the game through regular drops and auctions. On DraftKings Marketplace, create lineups of athletes from your NFT collection and earn points for touchdowns, receptions, and more. Just like daily fantasy football, build your NFT franchise and enter the free Rainmakers football contest all season long. To complete four millions in prizes, go now and download DraftKings daily fantasy app and sign up with the promo code degen. That's d G E N. Click the Rainmaker's tile. Opt in to get your free full roster starter pack plus play for millions in prizes all football season and build the ultimate NFT fantasy franchise with Rain makers football. That's promo code dgen. Build, play, and win only at draftKings contest entries dependent on the type and number of NFTs held. Eligibility restrictions apply. Void where prohibited. See drafting.com for details.
Speaker C: That ending needs to be like three times speed bud.
Speaker A: Yeah. The void where prohibited. Void where prohibited.
Speaker D: We'll fix it in post.
Speaker A: Yeah, right. Just speed me up. But there you go. So check out draftkings if you have not on rainmakers football. Des and I have gone super, super, super deep. I spent all afternoon literally tearing out all the players and prices of all the tiers. And I'm gonna go make some plays in the marketplace. I'm filling my bags before I share all the research that I've done with you, Des. So you have to. You'll have to go find the value elsewhere, but that's gonna do it. For that, let's bring in our guest, the one and only Alex Taub. Ajta. Welcome. How are you?
Speaker B: What's up? How you doing, man?
Speaker A: Good. Wonderful. We're pumped to have you. Pumped to talk all the things you've got going on. We saw some big news earlier today about some new ip licensing things that you guys are doing. We can talk upstream. We could talk Goblin town. We've got the whole gamut to run with you. But what's.
Speaker D: I want to know if Alex knows anything about football, because I feel like I'm on an island by myself. Are you big football guy?
Speaker B: Of course. I had my draft last night. Well, one of five drafts, but I had.
Speaker D: I got one of these packs the other day, and. And I have no idea who any of these players are. I just want to run them by you guys and let me know if they're players that I should be holding on to or what. Do you guys mind just kind of hearing me a couple seconds here? All right, I got here. I'm going to share my screen here so you guys can see it.
Speaker A: I'm more interested in hearing if you can actually pronounce the names.
Speaker D: There's. There's like a. There's a probably a pretty good chance, but we'll give it a.
Speaker B: Unless it's like, brady Mahomes. Rogers is probably worthless.
Speaker D: Okay, I didn't see any of those, but I don't know who Mahomes is. So I got. I got.
Speaker A: Don't forget Alex. He's canadian, so he's got some kind.
Speaker D: Let me tell you about the Alouettes, though. I'll tell you about them all day long. I got Hunter Renfro.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker D: I got JC Jackson.
Speaker B: Don't know. Not super familiar with him.
Speaker D: Oh, there we go. Okay. I don't. I don't feel that bad. I got Kendrick Bourne.
Speaker B: So not super familiar with him, but all right.
Speaker D: Okay. I got Marquis Brown.
Speaker B: He's solid.
Speaker D: Okay. All right. I got Trey sermon.
Speaker C: Yeah, I know the name, but.
Speaker B: No, the name. Not super familiar.
Speaker D: And I got Tua to goville.
Speaker A: Oh, there you go.
Speaker B: Solid Miami quarterback.
Speaker D: All right, so. All right. Okay, okay. All right.
Speaker A: Try that name. Try that name again, whatever it is.
Speaker D: Tua. Tag. Tago valoa.
Speaker C: Really close. Honestly, that's actually not that bad.
Speaker A: Yeah, really close. If you were nowhere near it, everyone just calls.
Speaker B: Everyone just calls him Tua.
Speaker D: All right, that makes sense to us. Sounds much easier.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: All right, cool. I appreciate it, guys. I feel a little bit better.
Speaker A: Jeff says Alex top looks like a young John Favreau.
Speaker B: I don't know if that's a compliment.
Speaker D: Young Favreau? Yeah, he's a swinger.
Speaker C: Come on, now.
Speaker A: He's a swinger.
Speaker B: I feel like I have to, like, talk, like, happy now from, like, iron man, you know, like, hey, boss.
Speaker A: Alex, thank you so much for spending some time with us today. I want to. Let's. Let's start with what we originally were planned to talk about a couple weeks ago with you when you released some new information on so. So everybody knows you, I think, in this context, from Goblin, Goblin town, truth and Illuminati. But they, you know, maybe are not so familiar with what you're doing with upstream. I'd love for you to talk a little bit about what upstream is and the newest product that you guys launched through upstream. The vault.
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. So, thanks, man. My quick background, I've actually been in crypto for, I want to say, decade, maybe a little bit more. I worked at a company called Dwala back in the day with my co founder, Michael, and Duala was one of the first ways to get money in and out of, you know, crypto. So joining me, like, bitcoin is, like, four or $5. It was pretty crazy time, you know, didn't hold on to enough, you know, to not have to be here right now and. Exactly. But started a company called Upstream back in 2020 around what does the future of community look like? And at the time, it was virtual events. It was virtual communities during COVID But as we start to think through what is the web three community play, it was very obvious that it was a Dao. So I really spend my time on two things right now. I spend. I'm the co founder and CEO of Upstream. I started with my friend Michael Schoenfeld. We've got 20 plus employees now. We've raised over $20 million from VC's, and we're basically building dow infrastructure. And as we were building out the Dao infrastructure. I had this idea of, like, wouldn't it be really cool if there was an NFT project where 50% of the mint would go into a Dao and then the community can sort of decide what to do with it? And that was the initial idea behind what ended up becoming truth labs and Illuminati, which was the joke was, like, if Illuminati existed, there would sort of be a dao to some degree. And so we ended up. And then we ended up coming up with the idea around the Illuminati and then came up with the idea of this concept of this, the 187, which is these sort of species, and then one of those species is a goblin. And sort of goblin town came out of that. But it's, you know, we're trying to build, like, really interesting ip. And specifically, you know, I think a lot of NFT projects go about it the wrong way. They're, like, put out the NFT project and then retrofit some sort of, like, lore and story. There's a few that are doing it right. But, like, listen, I love bored apes, but, like, I don't think anyone really cares that much about, you know, Jimmy the monkey. Like, I think it was like they had a great idea and they call it winding in a bottle. And then they're like, all right, let's make some stories now. Whereas it's. It was always sort of part of the. The ideas, like, how do you build the next Star wars? How do you build the next Potter verse? How do you build the next marvel? How do you build the next, you know, Lord of the Rings? Well, the only reason why all those are interesting is you build interesting characters and great stories. And then it stands the test of time because you could do anything with them. Like, once you put together great stories that entertain people, you could do anything forever with that. So that's how we've been sort of approaching it, but in terms of the vault. So we built this Dao infrastructure for upstream, and there's a bunch of interesting use cases ranging from investment clubs to NFT projects with Daos like Illuminati. And one of the new use cases is thing called the Vault Dao. And essentially, I was having. Was waking up, sweating basically every night thinking, like, I clicked on a bad link and I lost all my stuff.
Speaker D: Um, regular night for me.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And it's just like. And I hated hardware wallets because I was more likely to lose that hardware wallet than I was to, like, you know, click FoMo into a bad link. And the long and the short of it is we were using this Dow product for these communities and I was like, you know what? Like, what if I was the only member in this dao, right? And what if I was, what if I just minted a bunch of tokens, gave it to all the accounts that I had access to, and then essentially in bunch, we got to onboard you, you got to finish your account when we find pension. But the idea is, what if I was the only member and I basically put all my valuable stuff in the vault? It required multiple accounts, so, meaning if one account gets compromised, they can't actually do anything with the vault because you need multiple accounts and sort of like super smart. Yes.
Speaker D: I didn't even think of that. I didn't think of the value that way too. But that is super genius.
Speaker B: Well, yeah, just like, you know, like, I don't know if anyone here watches Rick and Morty, but like the council of ricks, like it's basically like the, you know, it's just you're all the members and then, you know, like, so one account gets compromised, they don't have access to like your apes that are, or your punks or whatever that are in the vault or for bunch, you like his moonbirds and, and like, so they're all sort of like in the vault and then you basically don't have to, so you don't have to like worry about it. Obviously, there's always different attack vectors, but the long and the short of it is just like you. For me, my biggest fear was clicking on a bad link and getting compromised. For other people, it might be something else. So we launched this like two or three weeks ago, and we've just been onboarding people. And right now it's like an early access. So anyone who's listening, you fill out the form. If you go to joinupstreamapp.com, and then you fill out the form on the, I think it's slash vault. You fill it out and we reach out to you and then we help onboard you and give you access to it.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's super cool because it really does protect you, for lack of a better term, from yourself. It's a genius way to kind of add these extra layers of protection without having to have a hardware wallet, without having to, you know, do all these extra things, without having to have tons of extra wallets. It's basically I'm going to move all of my things to this multisig vault and, you know, when I want to.
Speaker B: Move, it's meant for it's meant for valuable things. So I only put stuff that's worth over, like, an ethan there. And that's, for me, that's my level of, like, if I lost something underneath, it's not like I'm not going to be upset, definitely be upset, but. Or anything I find valuable, I benefit. But everything over at ETH plus things I find whether, you know, I really like the lazy lion that I have, even though it's worth whatever now. So. Yeah, so that's how I've approached it. But there's different levels. I mean, you can have ten accounts here and give different, you know, voting power to them. You could have, we recommend a minimum of three accounts because that's like, when you have three, three like, accounts, then you're, you at least need, like, two of them to do anything as opposed to having, like, one account to do something. Well, then you're still in the same situation, really.
Speaker D: I can't believe how intertwined we are with Alex on our degen dao.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: Not only are we using upstream, but it's loaded with goblins. And I don't even know. We have Illuminati's. We got burgers.
Speaker A: Well, that's how, that's how the, that's how the Dow actually started because we wanted to put a group together to buy goblins. So we goblin whales got, we're goblin whales. We've got, we've got a whole bunch of goblins here. We've got some truth tokens. We've got some burgers. We're the, we're loaded into the truth. Truth labs ecosystem. So we've got, you know, we've got 93 members in this Dow that we put. We've got, we've got about $80,000 worth of value in here. It was 90,000 yesterday before, but yeah.
Speaker B: When eth changes like that, it sort of sucks. Sucks out the. All the good feelings.
Speaker A: Yeah. Not much you could do. Well, also, you know, our moonbirds were slightly more valuable yesterday than they were today as well. Yeah. But, yeah, so we've got, we're very tied into Alex and all the things he's doing. So super excited.
Speaker B: I'll try to take care of you. I'll try to do well by you guys. Don't worry.
Speaker A: Well, I think that's a pretty good transition then, into kind of what, the news you came out with today for truth, which I'll bring up here in a second. I'd love for you to talk about this. So you tweeted, I mean, literally, like, an hour and a half ago. 2 hours.
Speaker B: I did it. I did it. I did it. So we could talk about it.
Speaker A: No, I'm joking.
Speaker B: It was breaking news. Breaking news for the main condition.
Speaker A: It's really funny you say that because you were on coffee with captain, one of our other shows not too long ago, and you broke some news there.
Speaker B: Or whatever, and I did it before I knew I was coming on. And, like, I don't know, we have things around, you know, around.
Speaker A: You know.
Speaker B: We have this, like, little lull period right now where we have before the grumples revealed themselves. So for those that haven't been paying paying attention, we'll probably do some sort of, like, hey. Like, previously on Goblin town video. So, like, people can catch up. But the. The baiting of the burger. So the whole joke was like, you made a burger and then you, like, use your burger to bait. Like, you had to become a master baiter. Everything is like a bodily function at. And so you had to be a masturbator and you baited your burger to catch this character called, like, a grumple. And grumples are. They're not really companions. They're friends of goblins. And they're sort of like. Because a companion means, like, everyone gets one. Where this is like, there was a lot of, like, game theory of, like, okay, do I do one burger? Because you could put up to three burgers in the. In the little, like, you know, trap and you could use different toppings. And all the decisions you made affects actually, the outcome of what you get. And so it's a little complex. It's not like this basic, like, you know, simple thing. So there's a little bit of a lull period. So in between the, like, the ending of baiting and then the revealing of them, and we're joking on. On Twitter that, like, it's coming in 2069. So just like, hold on.
Speaker A: Hold your.
Speaker B: Hold your horses.
Speaker D: Is there immediate regret and shame after you've baited the.
Speaker A: You and you and moonbirds dropping in 2069?
Speaker B: What?
Speaker A: You and moonbirds, two coming into ravens?
Speaker B: The mystics? Yeah, but no, no, no. We'll try to get a few years before 26. But anyway, the long and the short of it is these grumples. They're finicky little fellas and they're. Well, we had some stuff we wanted to do. So last week we announced a marketplace. And I think this, a few people took it out of. Out of context. We're launching a marketplace for ourselves. We're not going to be competing with Opensea or any of those other places, we're not going to let anyone put their stuff. It's just going to be the truth ecosystem. So illuminati, the grumples, the burgers, the goblins, the 187, all the passes, that's the stuff that's going to be.
Speaker A: Got a lot of stuff now.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, but that's the argument is that all these, like, ecosystem plays, it makes sense to have your own place. And the two big things that we're doing there is one, it's half, like, the fees, the creator fees are half because it's just 5% total instead of 7.5% for us and two and a half for Opensea. So that goes to 5%. And then the other thing is the stolen ones, which I still just can't believe how opensea handles stolen nfts. First of all, they don't know if they're actually stolen. That's the first thing, which is crazy because, like, legally you can't sell or buy something that is known to be stolen. But the fact that someone just says, hey, someone stole my nfts does not make it so. It just doesn't. Like, there needs to be, like, a literal, um, like, police report, a case, et cetera, until you can verify that this thing was stolen. Even if someone just files a police report, that doesn't mean it was necessarily stolen. There should be an outcome to that police report where it says, yes, this was stolen. So really just don't love how openc handles that. And I think that was the big thing that, like, motivated us. Like, you know, there's a lot of goblins that have been stolen. I love our goblin community, but, like, you know, they're definitely a D gen style of person.
Speaker D: And is it really stealing if somebody stupidly lets somebody access their wallet? I mean, I equate it to, like, leaving your car unlocked and somebody going in. You left your car unlocked. Don't leave your car unlocked. Yeah, you know, that's on me.
Speaker B: So, yeah, I just. I, you know, I don't know. I mean, it's. It's definitely still, you know, it's definitely. Something is still stolen. However, like, you know, it doesn't mean because there's nothing you could do about it. You know, I feel like the action that opensea takes is sort of, like, short sighted. But anyway, to make a long story short in terms of announcement today is we have a collection called the 187. The 187 are 187 one of one species sort of character. So thinking about the type of IP in the Star wars universe, there's the Jedi, there's the Sith, there's Darth Vader, there's Yoda, there's the Ewoks and the Wookiees and the droids. And I'm sure there's a million other characters I can't even think of right now. And that obviously has. You can make shows on every little thing. You can make commerce on every little thing. We wanted for the 187, there's only 187 of them. And it's probably harder to do something like this for 10,000 collection. But we want to do something different than Cc zero than giving over the rights. We want to do something that allowed the token holder to work directly with us to commercialize the IP. And you know, the way we sort of have been thinking about it is like, you know, if you could have a materially different like each license and agreement, if you could have a materially different like term in there, then there's a lot of flexibility on what you can do. So it isn't sort of a security, but we're working with the lawyers to basically, you know, we're calling it a collaborative NFT license. We're working with lawyers to figure out a way that we can give token holders the exclusive right each to be separately negotiated and to work directly with us to commercialize the IP. And that means everything from, you know, movies, tv games, comics, commerce, parks, food. Like, you know, this, this is a little bit unprecedented in the space and we're pretty excited about it. I mean it's gonna take some time and each one's gonna have to be negotiated. There's only 13 that have revealed. So what happens is actually it's not every week, but almost every, every week there's at least one that's revealed. And it's randomly, like, we basically randomly roll like publicly in the discord. And then whatever number gets, you know what we pick the NFT that's gonna the next character and then we roll. And then whoever gets it gets it, you know, meaning whatever number comes up. So it's between one and 187, removing all the ones that have sort of rolled already.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker B: So yeah, it's pretty exciting. You know, it's. It was more. It was like an announcement of an announcement. To some degree.
Speaker D: Those are the best announcements.
Speaker A: Classic. Classic. Des, what are your thoughts so far here? Talking to Alex, just trying to convert.
Speaker C: Enough we to go put a bid on a 187. Literally.
Speaker B: There's a pretty high floor. I don't know what it is is now I haven't actually, I think it's 19. But the offer.
Speaker C: The outstanding offers are pretty low. So I feel like I might be able to weave myself into the 187. We'll see. We'll see.
Speaker B: But, yeah, seven is definitely, definitely a grail.
Speaker C: You know, it's interesting, though. I really do. We were talking about some other interesting mechanics of, like, revealing, and I love that aspect of, like, a slow drip. I think that's a really cool way to do it. I know it came under fire a little bit yesterday just from how far out it is for moonbirds. But essentially, I mean, I love the nouns dow kind of structure of just kind of slowly releasing them to demand. And I think it adds a huge amount of excitement around this very tight knit 187 collection. And then the man, if you actually get picked, to reveal, I know one of my good friends, Roman Cirone.
Speaker B: I just. I feel bad for him because he called me today, and he's like, hey, I just want to make sure you're not upset with me, because I saw I traded my 187 because he has the goblin one. And I was like, you did that today. And he's like, yeah. I'm like, I feel bad for you. Like, first of all, he should have called me. Like, should I trade it? And B, and I think he didn't want to involve me. Probably be like, we have an announcement coming in a few hours. You're gonna. I think you're gonna feel pretty bad about. Because that means that the owner of the goblin in the 187 can work with us to negotiate.
Speaker A: Yeah. Work directly with you guys to negotiate.
Speaker B: Yeah. But, like, everything from royalties to secondaries to everything, you know, that's like. I mean, that's. That's probably the most valuable one. Eight seven. Right?
Speaker A: Now, what did he trade it for? Do we know?
Speaker C: It was a mutant, a coda, the goblin king? And one other thing for a floret. Well, not a floret, but good. It's a blue.
Speaker B: A blue. A blue ape.
Speaker C: Blue clean ape. But I was hoping you'd kind of tell me that.
Speaker A: Stay away from those apes. Roman.
Speaker B: Roman. I feel like I love Roman, but, like, he's like, how does this happen to me?
Speaker A: Like, by the way, Roman, if you guys do not know, one of the hosts of alpha afternoons, also on DJ network. Fantastic show. So check that out if you haven't yet. But poor Roman.
Speaker B: Rip the royalties and buy an ape himself.
Speaker A: Yeah. So real quick, though, like, we've talked. We've touched on a ton of stuff here in the last half an hour. Obviously, what you're doing with upstream is completely separate from, from truth. It's. It's really built about around community Dao infrastructure. And now with the vault product, a really unique way to protect your assets in a multi sig way that doesn't require a hardware wallet, but it also, you know, protects you from multiple angles there. So that's upstream. It's very sweet. But what, how would you describe, guess the layers of truth, Goblin Town 187 to somebody who might be listening to this and listening to you for the first time? What give us, like, an overall synopsis of the ecosystem just so people, when they listen to this and are interested, can go and find what might fit them best.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, the best way to think of that is we're building a universe. And you think about your favorite characters and your favorite content. Right. You think about, you may be a fan of, like, Marvel, you may be a fan of Harry Potter, you may be a fan of Game of Thrones. You may be a fan of all these different things, and they all started in a different way, or at least, you know, they all didn't start the same way. So what I mean by that is Marvel started with a comic book. Star wars started with the movie. Harry Potter started with a book. When you're, when you're building ip and stories and worlds, doesn't actually matter how you start it matter. Like, as long as you create something compelling, you do it all, you end up doing it all. And now you could see Potter movies. You know, probably eventually you'll see Potter tv shows, you'll parks, commerce, video games. I mean, you do it all. So in the end of the day, in the end of the day, what we're building is a universe of characters, and we're trying to build, like, you know, the web, three Marvel, the web, three Lucasfilms. And that is essentially how I would explain to someone normal is like, think about the, the best things you like to watch or tv shows or movies or games you like to play. Like, we're trying to build interesting, you know, intellectual property.
Speaker A: How is the ecosystem layered from a priority standpoint in your guys mind? You know, obviously 187, there's, that's kind of the elite, elite level of that because there's only 187, it's got a lot of special perks. Would you say it's then kind of truth goblins, or is that some kind of, you know, kind of mixed community? Now, how would you describe that?
Speaker B: That's a good question. The way we look at it is like the Illuminati has their, the Dow, right? And the Dow has like a thousand ethernet to do things. And they have some cool stuff that the Dow is working on. Illuminati will always get, like, rewarded with, like, future things. So, like, there's, we put a thousand goblins aside for Illuminati that gets raffled off 25 a week. Anything that comes in the future will also, there will always be a chunk of it that gets put aside for a raffle. I think this raffle is going to Ongo for the next, maybe next century because there's more things that are coming down. Like, that ends in four months, but there's more stuff that will eventually be thrown into that sort of raffle. Listen, Goblin town is obviously the most popular thing that we have going on. And obviously goblins are very important to Goblin town. Someone wants dm me. They're like, you know, I'm just concerned. You have these, like, burgers now and the grumples and like, what's gonna happen to the goblins? I'm like, like, let me get this straight. Like, you don't like our goblins even important to Goblin town anymore? I'm like, okay. Like, I don't know.
Speaker D: Burger town.
Speaker A: It's not Burger town.
Speaker B: Not grumple town. It's not Burger Town. It's called Goblin Town. So anyway, the long and the short of it is like, yeah, goblin, goblins are like the key to the, you know, this, this, like, they're, they're the key. They're the most popular thing. And where, if Illuminati is like the, the secret society, right. There's a very different audience in Goblin Town. And if you're a fan of truth, you like everything. But if you just like goblins, you hang out in Goblin town. If you like the Illuminati stuff, you hang out more in the sort of the secret society stuff. So we don't think about like, oh, what's the most important thing? It's like, where is the story going? What's important right now? Type of thing.
Speaker A: Awesome. One of the things that has intrigued me, and this will be the last question before we get to some shenanigans to wrap up. Can you tell us anything here? T. Rowe brought it up, so I wanted to chat about it. The OPP project that has intrigued me for a while. Is there anything you can tell us there?
Speaker B: Yeah, no, it's a great question. So OPP stands for Operation Prepunks. And there's a DAO member, Illuminati Holder, who found a contract that predates punks by about two, three months. And it was the first attempt of on chain identity for ethereum. It was a hackathon project or some guy put together this little thing, and you come to the website. It was so old that there was like very, there were no standards. You actually had to enter your private key if you wanted to mint it, which is funny now. And you basically had this little avatar thing, and you press the button and you mint it. You customized it, and then you minted it. And it is the, it is like, it's known of, but it's, it's only been interacted with like 50 to 60 times in history. And you basically found it. He's like, hey, this is interesting. Is there a way to bring it back? So we had our devs look at it. This was like, he like, really early on, before the Dao was even like, fully made. This was like January, February, I brought a test. We're like, this is cool. Let's, let's circle back when the Dao comes out. Dao came out, we presented it to the group, and we're like, hey, this is a really old contract, and we think we have, like, two really interesting innovations that we could add to it, staying true to the original contract, and then also, like, adding one or two innovations that, like, make this, like, a viable thing. So we've been working on it. The Dow has funded it, and it should be coming out in mid September. It's basically done in like a week. And then we're not really, we don't, we haven't said the name of it, and we don't want to say the name of it right now. And if people figure it out, don't say it. Because I think there's value of being like the first collection on top of it and having a proper collection. But everyone who owns an illuminati, there's going to be a one to one. So if you own ten illuminati, you get ten opp, also 187, there's one to one. And then goblins, I think, are putting 1000 aside for goblins to raffle off to them. But essentially the two interesting things here is one is the original token is non transferable. So it was like a soul bound token before soul bound tokens were a thing. And I think that's why when people look at it, they're like, oh, there's nothing you can do here because there's no secondary appeal if you can't transfer the 2017 original hash for the contract, which is the historically significant thing, if you can't do anything with that. Then, like, why is anyone going to buy it from you? So what we did is we spoke to lawyers. We spoke, we came up with a really interesting plan where we came up with this interesting licensing. It's another interesting licensing sort of idea where the people that mint the oPp, right, you can make it look like yourself, or you can make it look however you want. If you sell it, let's say you sell it for point one. Obviously, for point one, you're going to get the money, right? But let's say that next person, let's say it starts taking off, because, like, there's a few projects that were claiming to be before punks that, like, blew up. This is actually before punks. A few of them found out, like, oh, it wasn't actually, really. And this is pretty verifiable. This was the first attempt. Attempt of on chain identity, where punks was not an attempt of on chain identity. From everything that I think I know about it, it was more of art and political statement, not, it wasn't meant to be a profile photo. This was actually meant to be like a gravatar, web three gravatar. And it's very, very clearly stated that it was meant to be like that. Because there's a thread, a Reddit thread, where, like, the creator, like, talks all about it, like, what he's trying to do, which is great, and also gives all the rights to anyone who can do anything with it, which is also great for our lawyers, that we can do anything. Yeah, it's like, we found that, but okay, so in terms of the opp. So we came up with an interesting licensing, where whoever mints it will be able to get a percentage of royalties forever. And the way that it's doing is you're basically licensing your. Your hash. So, like, there's a seven, you know, an ERC 721, which is like the avatar. Then there's the original hash. We've coupled them, and the 721 can be transferred. The hash cannot. It stays in the original account, but you're agreeing to license it to the person who buys it in perpetuity, and it continues to go. And anytime it gets sold, you get a percentage of it. So you're getting 3% on every sale. So let's say it ends up taking off and blowing up. You're getting 3% every time someone buys it. And it's not a secure. You could do that because it's not a security, because it's not an investment of money. It's a free claim. But even if you count the gas fine expectation of profit, common enterprise with the work of others. That's how we tell I. When you make. You have to actually make the avatar. So part of the original and staying true to the original contract is you're not getting what we make. You literally are creating the avatar and then clicking mint. You can customize it however you want. So because of, you know, no investment of money and no, and it's not the work of others, you getting royalties on that is totally koshere. It's your work. You did the work. So anyway, that's, that's what's coming. I think we're looking at like a September 14 as a launch date. Wow, that's. That's the, that's the.
Speaker A: That's the 202-22-0690 no, yeah, two weeks.
Speaker B: Two weeks from tomorrow.
Speaker A: That's awesome.
Speaker B: So it's very close. The devs mostly done. We have to get the license of finish from the lawyers, and then we have, like, a blog post about, like, what it is. And it's going to be like, just super simple. We're not going to, like, hype it up before. It's just going to be like, hey, you can claim now. And then we're going to probably do, like a premium where anyone can, like, win it. Like, where we'll have, like, 800 spots for people. But the surefire way is if you have an illuminati, you can claim it, and they'll probably be a claim for like, 30 to 60 days or something. Awesome.
Speaker A: That's fantastic. That's super exciting. I, when I first heard about this, it was something that attracted me to back to the Illuminati tokens because I wanted to make sure I could get a part of this.
Speaker B: And you bought them. You bought them early. You bought them before.
Speaker A: So it was. So I was actually.
Speaker B: So we're in a dao together, and we did not tell anyone we were Goblin town, and we knew that once we came out that we were Goblin town, that Illuminati would run. And the way that you could tell that nobody really knew is that, like, illuminati's did not sell. Like, there wasn't a run on Illuminati until the news came out. But when ending to any time, anyone in the. In our dao would be like, oh, I'm gonna buy some lies. I was like, very encouraging. I was like, yeah, go do it. Like, I can't tell you why, but, like, I should. You should definitely buy.
Speaker D: Sponge has been pro illuminati for like a long time.
Speaker A: I wrote up in the d gen discord about opp as to why I was bullish on, on Illuminati. I wrote that on, on June 1. So that was, you know, two to three weeks before you guys came out as goblins at that time.
Speaker B: Like, illuminati's were going for like 0.10.2.
Speaker A: They were. I think they were when I wrote this. And it's funny, I sent it out in the DJ discord and we, like, all ran towards it that day. We must have bought 100 Illuminati.
Speaker D: I wanted to get one of the ones that looked like from gravity falls there. Who's the triangle guy?
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. That's one of the ones that we have.
Speaker D: My absolute favorite one.
Speaker A: And so when you guys announced that you were Illuminati, Djen went nuts because we were holding like 150 of them and shot up to an eth. And it was, it was a good old time in the DJ discord that day. But yeah, we were going to do some shenanigans about in honor of your. Of the Goblin burgers and draft our favorite fast food restaurants. But I think we ran out of time here, so we'll save that for. For next time. But in, uh, in the event people have not known where to find you, tell people where they can find you. And Goblin town, Illuminati, all of the above. Upstream, everything.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's all twitter. So. Ajt on Twitter. That's me at goblin town. Is Goblin town upstreams at join upstream. Illuminati is at truth. The Illuminati NFT is at secret society the 187187 and coming soon to a marketplace near you. Yes. Yes. We're not.
Speaker D: I have one question, though. You know, non NFT related, just based on some of the answer you've been given, Alex, it seems like you got a little bit of like a fantasy background. Like you enjoy fantasy product Sci-Fi.
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker D: Right. So I feel like we're in a heyday right now, like a golden age of. Of kind of Sci-Fi fantasy content. And I just kind of want to get your two cent, you know, House of the dragon has been out now for two episodes. We got ring of power coming out shortly on, I think, Amazon. Do you have, are you more hopeful for one or which one do you think is going to be better?
Speaker B: I've enjoyed the first two episodes. I was a huge, huge, huge Game of Thrones fan and very, very disappointed in the original sort of last season, season and a half. You know, I think it's tainted the brand for a while. I think it was really hard for people. Like, you can't build a story, right, and say all this, like, interesting lore and how important it is, right? And then, like, the last season, chuck.
Speaker D: It out the window.
Speaker B: Just chuck it out the window and, like, be like, oh, nothing matters. Like, nothing mattered. Like, the prince that was promised, like, oh, it didn't matter. It was. There was actually. There was. There was no, like, there was no conclusion, but it wasn't even there no conclusion. There was like, oh, we're not even just gonna. Like, it doesn't matter. Right. That sucks. That that, to me, was, like, terrible. And that, like, clearly wasn't. Like, they should just redo that entire. And this is nothing. The actors were great. They did. They had to work with the material that they had. It was just, like, it also just, like, I don't even, like, if it made sense for brand to be an iron like that great. Like, it just. None of it made sense. None of it mattered. And that really pissed me off. House of Dragons, so far, so good. I mean, I agree. Pretty story is pretty good. And, you know, I think. I think they maybe can redeem themselves with, like, the Jon Snow spin off that they're talking about right now. But it's just, it was such a bummer. Like, it was such a. I get mad. I get mad thinking about the 8th season.
Speaker D: We can have two rants on today's show, by the way.
Speaker B: That'd be great because it just upsets me so much.
Speaker D: I feel the same way. I'm a big Stephen King fan, and a lot of people don't realize a big part of the Stephen King world is this kind of, like, fantasy Sci-Fi kind of series of books called the Dark Tower. And I felt the same way. There's, like, nine books. Super excited. Like, loved all of them. And they came out with a movie, and so for a series of nine books that were ridiculously long, you know, it was hours and hours of reading. They came out with a movie that was 124 minutes or, pardon me, an hour and 24 minutes. And I was totally, like, I didn't know what to do. So I'm hoping for, like, some sort of series that kind of maybe recaptures that because I could go on a rant myself about it, but. So are you thinking ring of power will kind of outdo House of the dragon or.
Speaker B: You know, I'm not as big of a lord of a Lord of the Rings fan as I am I'm a.
Speaker D: Little bit more excited for that one person.
Speaker B: It look, it looks good. I just, I'm not, I'm not as much of a lord of the Rings fan that I. And that I am a Game of Thrones sort of universe fan. So out of those two, I probably more excited about the House dragon. I know that Amazon studios bet big on power.
Speaker D: $200 million or something silly.
Speaker B: Yeah. Like, like I thought a billion maybe.
Speaker D: I don't know. Yeah, it's crazy. That's a crazy.
Speaker B: Spent a billion. I thought it was like this is going to determine the future of Amazon Studios, which is pretty crazy to take that big of a bet. But I mean, listen, it's Lord of the Rings. It's, it's, it's good. I. It's good content. I just. There was never like a huge hobbit Lord of the Rings fan. I mean, even though goblin.
Speaker D: There's more chicks, there's more chicks.
Speaker B: It's not even that. It's more like, I find that it's more. I don't know, maybe I need to rewatch all the, all the Lord of the Rings.
Speaker D: It's okay.
Speaker B: I would, you know, I would stack ring for me. It's like the Marvel universe probably number one. I'd say probably like potter versus number two. Star wars probably number three. This is my personal, you know, maybe DC's number four, Game of Thrones.
Speaker A: That's the draft we should have had a. Yeah. Fantasy. Fantasy. Exactly that. But so. Well, that's awesome. And before this podcast goes an hour and 24 minutes, we will wrap this thing up. AJ, thank you so much for coming on today, sharing everything you're working on. I'm sure people are going to be excited to check it out if they haven't yet and gave us plenty of information for those already in the ecosystem. So go find AJt and truth and upstream and all of the other awesome stuff he's working on, and that's going to do it for us. Until next time, stay mint.
