Speaker A: Hello and welcome to episode 15 of the Mint Condition. I am Joe, aka Bunchu, bets alongside my esteemed colleague and co hosts, Chamber and Des. How you guys doing today? Chamber, what's going on?
Speaker B: You know, just another day in the office wanting. I'm pretty excited about this show because we've had some great feedback from our listeners and we got a ton of questions, and we are all very involved in this world, so I'm pretty excited.
Speaker A: Des, I don't think you've ever been as excited for a show as you are for this one.
Speaker C: No, I'm very excited. You know, I think we try to be as early as we can, and by no means were we early in the release of the sandbox. But I feel like amongst our community, we were one of the first to kind of speak out and say sandbox, even over DCL or crypto voxels. So we've been on this for a little while, and I'm very excited to get into it today and so honored to have the CEO of sandbox. So thank you so much, Sebastian, for being on.
Speaker A: Yes. So we have a very special guest with us today, this co founder and coo of the sandbox game, Sebastian Borgier. Is that right? Sebastian Borget?
Speaker D: Yeah, that's right. And I can feel the excitement. Like, you guys have even the background of sandbox already configured, showing the map, showing the trail world and the gaming characters, is just awesome. Like, I feel like just the regular guy here.
Speaker A: Yeah, well, this is my land right here. That's my land, so that's nice.
Speaker D: Let's see. Who are your neighbors up there?
Speaker A: Well, there you go. We got crypto.com up there. We got. I wanted to be by the big Atari. We actually all have land right around that area. So we liked what Atari was doing, so we wanted to go up there. And I think the, you know, the biggest thing that happened this past week was the bored apes going ape. Going ape in the upper quadrants over there in last week's land sales, so. But, yeah, before we get there, let's just do a little background on yourself and how you got, you know, involved with building the sandbox and, you know, the metaverse in general.
Speaker D: Absolutely. I've been an entrepreneur for 14 years, co founder of four companies with my business partner, Archer Madrid, more recently, at least the past decade in gaming. So fast forward. We always had this vision of turning players into creators. That's how the sandbox franchise started in 2011. It started initially as a simple mobile game where users could make 2d, Pixel arted world just by the touch of a finger on the screen, adding like, water, soil, growing trees, playing with physics. And then progressively it became more and more options with 400 elements, so they could add characters, cars, enemies and so on, and create literally mini games that were playable on mobile. And it grew into a large success over the past eight years, with up to 40 million installs in total, 70 million creation made by those users. All the success came essentially from the content made by those users. And somehow we had no way to reward the users in a fair manner in the way we wanted for all the content they made that contributed to that success. So towards the end of 2017, when crypto punks and cryptokitties appeared as the very first nfts, rather than try to copy and make virtual cat or something else, we just saw, like, all right, let's apply this amazing technology, blockchain and nfts, and just allow anyone to be able to make their very own nfts and as such, offer them the possibility to own the content they produce, use them on sandbox and potentially anywhere else, trade it on the marketplace, on sandbox or anywhere else, again, monetize it. And that's essentially fast forward. Again, what we've been working on for the past three years, enabling our community, enabling players and creators to just be able to create food, asset, game experience on their land, own their content and monetize it in our virtual world.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's what's super interesting when you think about the, you know, how gaming, how huge gaming is in general, and then applying blockchain technology and ownership to gaming. I think that, you know, I think all of us agree that that's definitely the future of how gaming is going to, going to go. I think what's most attractive is, you know, the ownership, being able to have those rewards and monetize the things that you create. But I think, you know, it also almost seems like it creates this whole new asset class of this virtual real estate. Right? So we see that happening a lot with, with the land sales. Like there are people that are buying up large pieces of, you know, virtual real estate as almost investment assets, right? Because they see the potential of what these games could be and want a piece of that. So maybe discuss how you guys went from, okay, we want to build this game to how the land sales came about and what your vision is for that.
Speaker D: Absolutely. Well, it's definitely as part of creating this virtual world, we have designed a map that includes 166, 464 lands in total. Each one is a unique NFT with a given location, and there will be never ever any more that will be made in the future. So it's a scarce resource, and you will need that land which represents a digital piece of real estate, a space that you need to publish your game so that players will be able to enter the metaverse, player experience, and you, as a creator, potentially monetize it. There are a few things that we did which I think have been original, and I've set sandbox apart from existing other decentralized virtual world. And out of this one, the first one is we've really introduced different size of lands and the capacity to put your very own logo, your very own image on top of it, which means that it's actually a reinforcement of the idea of ownership, because yes, it's an NFT, you own it, but it's going to sit in a wallet. But once you see it on the map and you see logos, all of there comes the idea of landmarks, proximity, ips, and brands that I want to be close by, or neighborhoods, essentially, and which neighborhood do I want to be? What is going to happen into this neighborhood? And I can already project that by seeing the content on social media made by creators with our tools, but also just by the logos, the ips and brands that we brought to. Which brings me to the second thing that's quite original in our approach, is we didn't sell out the whole map at once initially. We've planned to sell the map over the course of the next three years in total. So we started in December 2019. As of today, we have sold about 50% of that map, and we expect to still have lands to be sold until December 2022. By then, 100% of that world will be in the hands of users, creators who will be essentially owning the land, owning the hands a stake in the future of the platform. Because when you invest into the land as this new kind of digital asset, you not only invest into an NFT, you are actually really participating into the whole ecosystem. You become a stakeholder of the success of that virtual world. This virtual world is like a new nation. You are establishing yourself, your presence here, your business, your game, your id. You're going to work to make it successful, which means you're probably going to hire creators, hire artists to build that land for you. Unless you do have the skills yourself and you're very gifted and you can make amazing stuff on it, which means that you're going to participate to the circular economy that's in place within our ecosystem. That's one thing that I really love. It also means you're going to create new jobs, you're going to develop that digital economy that's being happening right now already in sandbox through the use of sand token. And you really reinforce this idea of like I own a piece of the metaverse. It's a place that I can use to build my experience, my adventures, my story, my art gallery I can use to display my NFT. But more recently, something that some communities, NFT based communities, like we were just talking about before the bored apes, vox audios, cryptopunks and so on, I've understood is like the sandbox can be a virtual playground for them to socialize among themselves, to play and interact with their nfts as well. And that's something very powerful, I think, as well into sandbox virtual world. And it's really coming from the fact that we've been focusing at very first on gaming. So enabling set of features that allows to create content that will be fun, that will be entertaining, that will bring back the users into your experiences as they are.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that is. You nailed it. I think that's what is so attractive to a lot of people about sandbox. I'm going to kick this to Des because you hit on a couple points that I know that Des is super interested in. One is the logo piece where you can put this giant Atari logo here. And then the second piece does just about the, you know, the neighborhoods and the communities and things like that. So I know you have some questions or just comments about like the partnerships and the logos.
Speaker C: Yeah, no, I, you know, one of the reasons I chose sandbox over some of the other metaverses were two of the points you talked about. I think partnerships also, you know, you've done a great job as a company at not only getting long legacy partnerships, like things like Ataride, but also newer ones like bored apes. I mean, it just shows your kind of commitment to bring these, this important ip, which I think is such a really big part of this space. Right? You look at top shot and what they were able to accomplish with having that ip. You're doing it on a macro scale where you're partnering with multiple companies. I think that's so exciting and is one of the reasons. And the other, like you said, the other metaverses might have similar partnerships, but they're not broadcasting it like you're able to broadcast with the logos on the, on the land itself. I know chamber, our friend over here, our resident ape, he decided to self indulge and buy a big enough estate to where he could put his face.
Speaker B: That was the only reason. Because of my ego.
Speaker D: Well, it could be. It could start like this. But then we hope that seeing the engagement of the community, seeing also what the creation tool allows you to do, you'll be able to develop even more advanced things into your land. And to your point, there's like, we wanted to bring, like, legacy brands, like Atari, but we want also to bring new brands that are born within the metaverse, that are part of the NFT culture, like artifact studios, the board ape. Those are things that speak to you. They speak to me, they speak to our community. And the rest of the world is kind of looking sometimes, what are those? But I think they will adopt our culture at some point. And it's also the beauty of, like, creating a new virtual world together.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's really cool. And then, you know, the other point, and I think Des is kind of involved in this aspect already, is the fact that you mentioned that circular economy that's going to happen. Right? So I buy land. I'm not a builder. Where do I go to build out an experience for my idea, right? And then, you know, Des, you've said on many occasions, if there's a business you could start today, it'd be a virtual architecture firm. Right, where. Because I think with all the gaming that's coming out, that's going to be a huge thing in the future. And so it does. It's going to build jobs, and there's going to be virtual jobs that come about. Des, you've had some experience with this so far. You're actually building something right now on your land that you just bought in the.
Speaker C: I am, and I'm partnering with a digital architect and working through that. My vision is I was very lucky enough to, in that last drop, get a neighboring land to the bored apes plot. So, right adjacent. And my vision was to fill the entire parcel with water like board apes and then build a, you know, a 93 meters long super yacht where other apes can come in the. In the.
Speaker D: I said one then.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker D: So, yeah, yeah.
Speaker C: So that's. That's kind of my vision. And, you know, I think it's a great way to, you know, include different communities, specifically this one being the bored apes. But you saw it, we were all a part of different land sales previously. But there was no land sale like this previous one. I mean, that was in a whole different stratosphere. It sold.
Speaker A: What did it sell out in 20.
Speaker C: 16 seconds, I think you posted, Sebastian. It was incredible to see how much community can drive the. The interaction there. So, yeah, I was very lucky enough to get the land I got, and I have some plans for it, but I think, I think one of the most. So now you have all these bored apes with lands, and I think one of the most common questions we got on Twitter from our community was, okay, I have the land. What are some of the things I can do with it now? And, you know, I think your company has been very vocal about, hey, this is a gaming platform. Some others do art, some others do concert music venues. But we're really hyper focused on gaming, which I love. And, you know, is there. We talk about marketplace and rewarding creators. Is there a place in the sandbox for like a virtual storefront? I think is the question. We get a lot. Can people come to a land and maybe purchase an NFT from that owner through the metaverse, rather than having to go outside to the marketplace? Can they actually do that in the sandbox?
Speaker D: Well, that's an interesting use case. We want to enable as many use cases as possible into sandbox. Definitely gaming again, our core focus. But we announce as well capacity to display and import your NFT or crypto art. So that will enable people to build art galleries, museum with interactivity, with gameplay, with quest, victory, and so on. We have announced DJ, an electronic music artist, on the last lands tale with Deadmau and Richie Ottin, which project a future where sandbox could touch about entertainment, virtual concerts. I love to see virtual malls, virtual storefronts, something we touched a little bit before conceptually with one of the partner, which is Artifact Studios. They've done like sneakers with many brands, and one of their collaboration was virtual sneakers with Atari. And we made voxel version of them, which we displayed into a virtual pop store where you could come, you could see them, you could try them directly on your avatar, and if you decide you were happy, potentially buy them. The experience is not as perfect as you imagine, yet. It's not like in game purchase. But we've added one screen, screen called the NFT gallery with one key. You press the n key while you are in a game maker or game client, and you see all the NFTs that are part of this world. And in one click takes you to the marketplace, which is either the sandbox one or Opensea, where you can buy. Earlier today, I was in a call with one of the major actors into like, commerce, e commerce that wants to bring this kind of experience you described. And we were just discussing about like, all right, how can we make it that it's even happening straight from your game client, which is, in the case of sandbox, build in unity. So, well, the more demand we'll get about that, definitely it will push that higher into our roadmap. That's also the idea of like being a decentralized virtual world. Wherever ownership of the land, ownership of the token is going to give you more, more weight into participating in decision of our roadmap. So it's great to hear, like, be vocal about it, tell us like, what you want to sell, how you want to sell it, how you want to display it. And that will help us shape that vision even further because we are very closely listening to the needs of our community.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think we're all big fans of ready player one here, and we kind of see that as, you know, the end game and the future of what this would look like. But I just remember back to the scene where they're kind of going through a virtual storefront. They see something they enable transfer this many tokens to this to purchase that, and it's in their inventory. I think that's the end goal and I think that's such a cool concept to bring into fruition. But there's one more. Yeah, go ahead.
Speaker D: Now, I wanted also to address Joyce's question right before, like, now I own a land and so what, what can I do with it? Right now I understand the big vision that I will be able to monetize my experience, publish it when we open to the greater public the experiences. So it's a fair question. And we get, we have in place a program for landowners now. So if you own a land that you bought, you normally have already received an email that welcome you as part of our land owner community. You've been directed to a specific discord channel where you can get to speak with a dedicated community manager that's just focusing on landowner, on the possibilities we're going to. We are putting together a list of like creators for hire. So we are driving business to people who want to like be those digital architect, want to be those game studios that are specialized into creating content for you as well. The thing is like you need to start building so that you can be among the first to be ready and playable when we open the metaverse to the public. So that would be the first step. Start to plan out the plan of what you want to do in your experience. Talk to us openly, like email us, reach us on Discord or reply to that landowner newsletter. We are here to listen. We have people dedicated on our creator support team, which can help you in terms of like what are the features available with the gamemaker, what's in our roadmap? We even made a private stream to all landowners, was about months ago where we presented for 1 hour, 1 hour and a half with the key team members. Our roadmap for you to understand essentially where we're going, some of those systems which I can announce now I can announce is about NFT gating and season rewards, season pass reward. NFT gating is essentially we want to enable landowners to restrict access to the full land or portion of their land through the ownership of an NFT. That NFT can act as a ticket, but it doesn't need to look like a ticket. It can be any wearable, it could be any game character. And through that, typically thinking about the board ape, you could define that. My board ape avatar is going to become a character and is going to become the key to access the board app, yaft yards, for example. That's what we want to enable landowners to be able to do. And after that, why would I want to buy a ticket or a key? Well, because there is an incentive for those users to earn more reward. So it creates monetization and engagement into your land. That's the season reward pass, which will allow you to define which NFTs and tokenization you want to offer based on how much engagement the users have been able to complete as part of an event you define. So if they are able to win all the worlds, all the experience, it is called the battle pass in gaming, well, they will get the highest reward, which could be a very rare NFT, very valuable, but if not, they get less reward or no reward, depending on you have the control to choose about that.
Speaker C: That is incredible.
Speaker A: That's super exciting. I think all, I think that was something that all of us were interested in as a feature. And I think that's, I mean, that unlocks so many different things that you can do with your land or, you know, some of these partnership lands, which is really cool. I love that aspect. Chamber, you want to go through a couple questions maybe that we had from our Twitter?
Speaker B: Yeah, I actually, I'm going to kind of incorporate some of my questions into these Twitter questions and I'm going to talk about traveling within the universe or the metaverse. I guess the first question is, is from Michael Fang on Twitter. How will traveling work in the game now? I know there's been talks of, I want to call them portals, let's call them, I was thinking like a Super Mario warp pipes, but yeah, portals and you know where they're gonna be located. Obviously. I know that's probably fairly, I don't even know if it's been, you know, agreed upon yet internally, but it's probably fairly hush hush at the moment. But you know, how can, how can you travel within the game? How can I go into. Now I know we were talking about nfts and allowing certain people to come in and out of your world or your land, but if you make it public and people just kind of walk in and walk out as they see fit once they've hit those portals.
Speaker D: So I think we've been pretty transparent already of where the portals will be, specifically by the definition of premium lands. So when usually you see sometimes on the map, some lands that are yellow, they are more expensive and they include exclusive rewards. They are also more expensive because they are located really closely to estates that contains portal and are so the largest estate, the estate that had premium lands around them and some of the major sandbox blue hubs will have portals. Those portals will act like subway station, so you can use them to indeed travel faster into different points. You'll be able to see that as we are about to launch, hopefully before the end of the summer. The main hub where users will be able to see and practice through those portals how they work. Portals can then allow you to travel to different lands that are far away. And if you do not use a portal, you can still move to neighborhood land, neighboring land, sorry. Just by walking through with your avatar and reaching the edge of land, which then will propose you to. Well, a, calm down. Do you want to leave this experience five, four, three to one, and then you arrive into just the neighboring one. That's. That means that choosing your neighbors and somehow working with your neighbors on potentially complementary experiences, etcetera, is an additional incentive for players and creators.
Speaker A: Sure, that's interesting. So that to me. So I guess two follow up questions to that. So when we're talking about what the map will look like at the end of your land sale, is the whole map going to be sold or will there still be kind of these islands or edges that exist or is the whole map going to be filled?
Speaker D: No, the whole map is a square of 408 by 408 plans right now. It's true that we design it by not creating like a central cluster, but trying to distribute every, at every corner, every side value by having partners here or there. So that's also something that makes our map unique, is like there's value even on the bottom right corner here or there with major exchange like Binance, Coincheck, Coinmarketcap at the top, right. So you always will find a community here or there. Now to your question, it will fill out entirely, hopefully becoming green everywhere. Which means like it's been sold 100% and only remains the blue reserve lands from sandbox, which will represent about 15% of land that we will keep to distribute or use for creators to host either permanently or temporarily, like renting for free the best game experience that comes. And so always offering new space, new activities, engaging users with liveops and creating events with play to earthen.
Speaker A: That's awesome. So that was another question we got. So if you could see on my map, there's a bunch of these sandbox lands here. So are, are all of those going to be reserved that way? Or does, or are some of them good? Does that mean some of them go to auction? Does that mean some of them are reserved for kind of, you know, corporate partnerships or are they all kind of reserved for.
Speaker D: All right, so who knows? Basically we have this intention of keeping it for offering the best use for them. So if there's, once we have sold out 100% of the map for us at sandbox, there's only two ways that we can bring more partners. Either we're going to utilize those last reserve land that we kept and offer those new partners, new celebrities or ips or brands that we want to bring in, or we'll have to go to the secondary market and buy ourselves to a previous owner to offer like strategic location again for those partners. So at that point, we are no different than a regular user into this world. Like, we just play by the same rules. We have no capacity to make new land. Land is a scarce resource that's capped initially and that make it as valuable to your eyes. And also in general for people who not familiar with this concept of real estate now they get like, it cannot expand infinitely. Just like when you publish a game on an app store, you can just publish millions of new games every day and there's just an infinite supply there.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's really cool chamber. You had a question more along the lines of what the gameplay is like, right.
Speaker B: Just kind of, you know, I'm an old man. I have no more imagination. It's been beaten out of me over the years. I do have a daughter. She is about to turn eight years old. She plays Roblox and she plays Minecraft and she's doing homeschool with the pandemic here in Canada. And we're, you know, we're months behind everybody else in the world, apparently. But she had to make a list the other day, and the whole class had to make it. And I thought it was very interesting and pertinent to today's conversation. They were asked to name as many video games as they could. And I'm telling you, every single child just put Roblox and Minecraft, and only the other ones were the different games within Roblox. So within Roblox, there's hundreds, maybe thousands of games you can play. And those were the only games that they knew. So essentially, they knew the universe of Roblox, and they knew the universe of Minecraft, which was extremely telling because when I was a kid, I had dozens, if not hundreds of, you know, Nintendo games, Sega games, PlayStation games, and it's not the same today. My question is, within the, the metaverse or within my land, I don't play a ton of Minecraft, but I will play Roblox with my daughter occasionally. And the cool thing I like about Roblox is there's a bunch of different types of games within the Roblox universe. You can play paintball, you know, paintball, war games. You can do obstacle courses, you can do all sorts of things. And I'm aware that, you know, you can purchase things within those games as well. So the people that are making those games can, can earn an income. And when I'm hearing building, and I'm hearing, you know, getting architects to build within my world, am I able, like, is it, is it going to be similar to that, that style where I can essentially kind of build any sort of game I want if I have the right resources? Or is it going to be more land based where I'm just kind of walking through my, you know, my territory and I have, you know, different things built within that.
Speaker D: There's a few things I like to answer into this comment. I would say the first thing is, like, you're right, like, this is very generational. Like, we've been playing games. We have in our own cultures, a reference of video game that this new generation doesn't know about. They've been discovering first person shooter, action platformer, narrative games through Roblox. And in a way, you can either see that as it's great because then they started with this and now they would look to explore other kind of games. So it's been broadening the market in general. Or you see, it's a shame because, well, those are very simplistic version of games that were very good games very well. I don't have a right answer to the debate, but I still find it really strong and interesting as a platform to offer something new, like people want to explore, to have experiences that are different. And this difference can come like we could be the first time 1st 1st person shooter for certain kind of players, or we can be the first time RPG for many players that were not essentially gamers before we have. So that's one thing to consider. The second thing to consider is what are the capability of our game maker at the moment. We started with something called the rpg package. Not just to make rpg games, but because rpg in gaming, it includes the most common core of game mechanics across many gameplays, which means you can have an inventory of items, you can have equipment, you can have victory condition, you can have quests, and you can have fights with good three C camera control and so on. That is, I would say the bare minimum to start creating gameplay and some fun engaging mechanics into games. Now, our game maker, we just announced yesterday that we hired Rodolph Ricca, a game industry veteran coming from Ubisoft Morale who worked on Far Cry Four five. He has over 20 years of experience into gaming to lead the roadmap for the. And he built a roadmap for the next four years of like what we want to achieve on our game maker and our game clients to really offer like the widest range of gameplay and really empower creators to all the possibilities behind. Which excites me a lot because that means like, I wasn't expecting of course, to achieve that into a year or two. A project long term vision of what creators can do as we evolve with our tools. If you look at what you can do right now, it's already quite exciting. When I see on my Twitter feed or people submitting the content we have game jams. There's actually a game jam running until the middle of the month with judges coming from the video game industry. It's called a glitch in the Metaverse where you could try the tool and try to submit something based on that film with a big price, over 300,000 sand as well, which is an incentive for potentially your daughter or yourself to start creating something. And that essentially what I want to say on the topic, like that discovery of a new tool, a new platform should come with bringing new experiences, should essentially start to shift a little bit your habits. If you just come here and you're going to play the same as the others, like why would you do it here? How different are we? In a sense, we don't want to do again, Roblox, we don't want to do again. Minecraft, we try to set sandbox as just itself, you know, for sure.
Speaker A: I think that's super interesting. What one of the questions I had when you were talking about the sandbox as a, you know, your mobile, the mobile game that you've already had for since 2011, what do you guys see as the demographics of the people playing that game? Is it, you know, is it younger people like chambers daughter? Or is it, you know, somewhere in the middle? What are the demographics of the mobile game?
Speaker D: Well, the mobile game, which we started eight years ago, used to be teenagers and young adults because it's casual mobile game. So the platform makes it more already casual. And a lot of our players were also Minecraft players back then. Now today, with this new version of Sandbox, which is a separate product, 3d multiplayer, multiplatform, starting with PC and Mac, we're targeting a much more adult audience, which is more in the 25 to 45 years range for many reasons. First one is like the economic incentive that are attached to lands NFts San token. The fact that the communities that are following the project and born natively from sandbox or coming from the bor apes, they are not kids who own the apes. There's a certain price type to actually be an ape owner which already set a certain floor to who can access. And I think it's the first. There will be many faces in the growth of sandbox. That face is essentially like the first adopters. First adopters have a certain financial capacity since they can be landowner since they are some of them already crypto users or they are people who are in the job life like they are artists, they are architect, they are creators, they earn a revenue from their job and salary and they have been interested into earning more by doing something more fun with their set of skills.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's a awesome answer. That's exactly kind of what I was wondering there. Chamber. Let's go back to a couple maybe questions that we had from Twitter.
Speaker B: So this was a little bit more of a serious question because there was a lot of discussion about this after the last land sale. We talked about the speed of which it sold out and it led a lot of people to think that some people were maybe using bots in order to purchase as many lands as possible as quickly as possible. Is there going to be a way to avoid using bots in the next drops? Is this something you guys are talking about? This is from Danu six on Twitter six. So just is there. Are you thinking about ways to, you know, trying to get around the bot issue, if there is one?
Speaker D: As far as we know, there's no bot issue for many reasons. First, like the website is protected by Cloudflare Enterprise level service, which protects against some sort of fire with a very high level firewall that protects against this kind of attack. Second is the way to even obtain the information to be able to book a land and buy it. It still requires to access information that you cannot obtain in advance, basically. So you really have to interact two times on the front end and then with a smart contract to be able to perform. The third thing is like, well, we are all here monitoring, we are all here on Discord. We see people, we see the comments, and yes, there's a lot of, unfortunately, I was not able to buy it and click it, but there's also, I was able to buy one, I was able to buy two. And so people have like really a random chance to get a land or not, but the amount of validation of, and I would say signal that get people to confirm that they were able to buy lands, prove that it just works just like this. I don't know, this last sale there was 1300 lands for sale, but there's 10,000 users trying to buy it at the same time. So sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't work. Depends on your connection. If you try to buy and click, sometimes people forget to put enough eth or to accelerate for the gas fees. There's still a lot of education on how to buy lands as well, and it's not perfect. Again, I understand it's a process that needs some skills. At the moment, few people are lucky enough to get it for the first time. It gets some iteration and some real desire to obtain land.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think what's interesting on that too is the fact is there's still 50% of the map to be sold, right? So if you missed out on this one, there's a lot of going to be, there's going to be a lot of future options, right? So I would say if you missed out on this one, take what you learned from this drop as far as why it may not have worked for you. I say listen to this answer. I thought that was a good one and apply it to the next one. I think there was also probably less land available this time than last time. Also, the demand since the last drop has gone up significantly. This was a desired drop because of the partnerships that were there with Voxo and bored apes. I would say the good thing is there's still 50% of the map to be sold. Des, you had a specific question about VR?
Speaker C: Yeah, I'm just curious. It's a little bit longer term roadmap, but, you know, the first time I put an oculus headset, I was blown away. I, like, was instantly transported to, like, my twelve year old self in kind of wonderment and, oh, whoa, this is incredible. I think, you know, from what we've seen talking about ready player one, I think maybe the next kind of step of this is actually, you know, physically putting yourself into that metaverse. Is that something you guys talk about in future expansion? And I know it might be a further, you know, roadmap discussion, but is that something that you're interested that one day someone might be able to put on a headset and be in. In the sandbox?
Speaker D: Sadly enough, I would. For you, I would say no. Like, VR is not really part of our roadmap, and there's a few reasons behind. First of all, we wanted to still remain accessible to the largest possible audience on PCs, not requiring additional hardware. Second one is like, we are not trying to be the most visually realistic virtual world, which shows voxel as an aesthetic. And I don't know what it could look like. A VR experience into a voxel based world, like, that could project you, like, if you were yourself into your Lego world, basically. And I don't know if it will bring a lot more value specifically to that hardware, like, in terms of interaction and so on. Maybe that will evolve in 510 years. The experience, I don't know. Some classes made by the Apple, Samsung, and others could truly revolutionize it, and we could start to look into it more. But at the moment, we have enough on our plate to just try to make it cooling off with regular 3d on PC and then mobile before we add the additional friction. And there are other virtual worlds that do VR already. So if you were really, truly looking for the VR experience, it's great that you get choices of, okay, I can do it here, I can do it there. Here not. But here, there's another USP, for example, for me.
Speaker C: Yeah, wonderful. And in that same context, I know we're all very excited to jump into this metaverse, even through PC and Mac. What is your biggest challenge as a company right now to getting to that next stage of opening up this metaverse? And, you know, I know you probably can't release timeframes, but are you pretty close to doing that?
Speaker D: Well, the biggest challenge is to build up to the expectation of players. That platform we have creation tool. But we not. We need to make sure that the experiences that will be playable when we open, they are fun, engaging. They want to make you come back so that it's not just, okay, we open the metaverse and also what, the next day no one comes back. So what do we do? What is our leverage once we opened a. And there's no one coming back. So I know there's a lot of, I would say, complain or community noise on the idea, like, we are delayed on launching it. Why are they not opening right now? But it's also to protect the interest of everyone. Like, opening for opening makes no sense. And opening for after seeing a decline of users who lose interest is actually going to work against the interest of everyone on the success of the platform. So we are growing the team, we're hiring more and more senior industry veterans, people who've been building in user generated content into multiplayer games. They know how to make games fun. They know how to create compelling social multiplayer gameplay that you actually want to play and come back into. And that's, I think that's the main challenge at the moment we have is like, we are user generated content platform. We could open and just say, hey, the community will do it all. But it's also a risk that if we don't push it enough so that the standard of fun and the quality is there, it will. The recipe of UGC will not take out on its own. So we are still kind of like fathering the community like progressively. Also, it will come as part of the progressive decentralization of it. But initially we are still trying to drive the content, drive the experience, drive the roadmap of development in the direction that we hope will set it to be the most fun and successful based on our vision.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's super insightful because, you know, there is, I'm sure, a level of impatience. Like, people want to play the game, right? But there's got to be a balance because, you know, not everybody who's a landowner knows how to build a game. I would say the majority, like, I would say probably majority don't.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker A: So there's. So there's a lot of, you know, people that are owning land from a speculation standpoint or want to be by the lit neighborhood, all that kind of stuff. So I think you're totally right if you open it up and it's just a bunch of empty parcels, like, what's the appeal? And it doesn't matter that it's open. So I think that's a super important answer a couple more things I wanted to get to just before we run out of time here. One, I wanted to ask about the sand token. So can you talk a little bit about how the token works inside the game? I know there's a staking aspect as well. Can you talk about what people can do with Sandhya?
Speaker D: Right. So Sam, token, from the beginning of starting the project at the end of 2017, we had the idea we want to introduce our own token that will serve as a UTT token on the platform, as a first, as a medium of exchange, as a way to access certain experiences for governance via a Dao and staking. However, we didn't launch the token right from the go. We actually waited two years to build a platform to create a community, to provide the tools. And then towards August 2020, we introduced sand and also use it already to participate into land sales, to buy assets from other creators on the marketplace, which means creators receive sand directly themselves as a payment and to stake sand on the Uniswap sand. And if liquidity pool, where actually if you contribute to the liquidity mining pool, you will be receiving rewards, just 1.5 million every month, plus an exclusive NFT as well.
Speaker A: That's cool. And then I think I know, I think I heard if you own land and you're staking, there's a multiplier. Is that correct?
Speaker D: Exactly. So it's another way to reward the people who get more engaged on the platform. If you own land, if you stake, then it's more than just staking. You've made an extra commitment to be a stakeholder on the platform. So you will earn more sand. As part of this, we will be replying the same system into other aspects of the world. If you own an avatar, plus you play, plus you own land, and you will potentially have access to certain experiences, or you'll be able to have more weight into the governance than if you just owning sand or land alone, for example.
Speaker A: Very cool. The other question I had, I know we've gotten it on Twitter a lot, was, we've heard PC and Mac thrown around a couple times. There's a lot of questions about, I guess it's the builder in Mac, is that correct? When we might see a builder for.
Speaker D: MACD, it was there. It was actually removed because we were not satisfied again by the quality of the compatibility and the speed of that version on Mac. And it's being reworked. So that next milestone we announced, we released 0.6.5 of the game maker two weeks ago. We start to work now on 0.7 and we hope that by the end of 2007, milestone Mac bill will be back.
Speaker A: Awesome chamber. Do we have any other last minute questions from Twitter before we wrap up?
Speaker B: No, I do have one for myself.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: I wanted to expand on Des's question about VR, which is obviously, you said 510. 15 years down the road. Who knows? I want to flash forward a little further down the line. The year is 2073. I'm 90 years old. Okay. I'm on my deathbed. Is there a possibility I will be able to upload my consciousness into the sandbox to live forever on my estate? Can we. Do we have that technology yet?
Speaker D: Well, I don't. I've seen that in movies, for sure, in science fiction movies. I don't think we have a technology per se, but I wish that your conscience will be not just in sandbox. It will be an NFT that can be used across many other virtual worlds.
Speaker A: Oh, I like that idea even better. That can be multifunctional. I like that chamber, though. I'm gonna put you on the spot. You are the only host here that speaks any bit of French, so you're. You have to ask at least one question in French.
Speaker C: Oh, so much pressure.
Speaker B: So much pressure. Give me a question to ask. I mean, I don't want to come up with.
Speaker C: Just to be clear to our users. He's canadian.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm canadian, so this is going.
Speaker A: To be very bad French. But.
Speaker B: I'm not even Quebec. I'm Ontario, so it's even worse. It's. It's even worse.
Speaker C: You just put an accent on saying, I'm ontarian. I didn't even believe that. That's not a real thing.
Speaker B: That's what they do in Quebec. They just basically take english words and then put a french accent on it. And it's Quebec French.
Speaker A: All right, I won't. Thank you.
Speaker B: If you have a question, I'll ask it, but I don't have a question off the top of my head. It's hard enough to think on the spot, even in my brain. I appreciate it.
Speaker A: Any final questions that you have? I know there was a lot going on in your mind before this episode, so I want to make sure you get all your questions out there before we wrap up.
Speaker C: I got them all answered, and I think we did a phenomenal job. And I've watched a lot of interviews with you, Sebastian, for different, you know, outlets. I think this was a great interview because we got a little bit into the details of it. You know, we asked some questions about the gameplay, about the platform, what the experience is like. So I think our users will really appreciate all your answers today and getting into the kind of the nitty gritty of the questions. So, no, I got all my sticky notes here covered with all my questions answered. So I'm, you know.
Speaker A: All right, my last question before we wrap up, Sebastian, if you had one piece of advice for a brand new landowner, someone who bought in maybe this last land sale, and maybe not even a creator, or maybe they are, but what would one piece of advice you would be, you would give to get the most out of their sandbox experience?
Speaker D: All right, well, my big piece of advice is, like, look, join the community. Get inspired by either other creators. Try to connect with your neighbors. Be part of that community of landowners. Be one of those contributors of this new nation that we are all building together. Do not just sit and be a silent owner. I would say that would be amazing. Like, the more landowner can talk to each other, the bigger the ambition, the project.
Speaker C: They are.
Speaker D: We are all building together. You are a stakeholder into the future of this world. So the more vocal, the more ambitious, the more engaged you are, the more rewards you hopefully will get out of that engagement.
Speaker A: I think that is a fantastic answer. So, you know, I'm definitely in the discord. We'll make sure that we drop the discord link in all of our tweets and in the show notes here because it's really a cool community to be a part of. And I think that was an awesome answer. The more that we as landowners can be involved in the game, the better the future of the game will be, and that will serve all of us best.
Speaker B: We know what Des wants to build. What do you want to build, Joe?
Speaker A: So I actually was talking about building, like, a coding type of game to teach people how to code and doing. Doing something like that on one of my.
Speaker B: That's different than my thought.
Speaker A: I don't know how to do that, but we'll get it there. What are you building on your giant faceland?
Speaker B: My estate is going to be a. I want to do an art, like a. Like an rpg, but it's going to be. I think, like, it's going to be like a Sasquatch Bigfoot hunting game.
Speaker A: Oh, I like that.
Speaker B: I think that, like, they're hidden. You got to find them, you know, buying guns. Yeah, I think that's. I think that's the route we're going to take.
Speaker A: I think that's awesome. I don't know if we. Did. We lose Sebastian here by the at the end.
Speaker B: Oh, maybe. I don't know.
Speaker C: It was a perfect place to close, though.
Speaker A: Well, you know, so just in case we don't come back. Well, he doesn't come back. I just want to say I thought that was a fantastic. Oh, we do. He's back. So, Sebastian, before we go, I just want to thank you so much for your time. I thought this was very enlightening for, you know, our listeners. And I know there's a ton of, you know, new landowners out there that'll get a lot of value from this. So thank you very much. Where else can people go besides the discord, to find you guys?
Speaker D: Telegram, Twitter, those are some important channels. Then they can also watch our live stream on Twitch or YouTube. I was actually finding out that our. The number of hours watched in total by our community is, like, just skyrocketing. We have more than 200 streams a month now. So ambassadors, people who are engaged as creators, are bringing more and more and helping out others to get started, which is fantastic. And, yeah, I really enjoy this conversation. I feel like I've been discussing with actual true landowners people who are member of our community. And I'm happy to have this kind of somehow, Ima, where we get to chat about the possibility we get also transparent and honest about, like, why some decisions are being made. And I hope that we'll continue to do so. And maybe in three months, in six months, we have a catch up conversation to see where we are, what's new, and so on.
Speaker A: We would love that. And then maybe you can play some of our games live.
Speaker D: Oh, yeah. Like, live play game. Like, I'm Sebastian streaming, discovering the Metaverse.
Speaker A: That's great. I like that. That's awesome. So thank you again so much for coming on. And until next time, stay mint.
