Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by the Degen Community Network media for the decentralized generation. If you want to connect or to check out more great NFT and crypto content, go to dgen.net work. That's dgen.net work.
Speaker B: Hello and welcome to the mid condition. I am Bunchu alongside my esteemed colleague and co host, Chamber. Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker C: It's a beautiful summer day. We got some fellow degenerates on the show today. I'm always good. I'm always up for a good degenerator, too. But, yeah, no, it's a good day. Are we in August yet?
Speaker B: I feel like I was just going to say, I know we're not supposed to talk about the weather, but your Tommy Bahama shirt that you're rocking today is perfect for the temperature. It is super, super hot here where I am. And you would fit right in. You look like you're. I don't know, you look like beach police or.
Speaker C: I was. I was thinking magnum PI. Yeah, is. Yeah, is. I think the hat combo is.
Speaker B: You're like magnum pie. You are. But anyway, we've got a fantastic show today. We've got the fellas from Knights of Djen, Drew Austin and Blake Jameson. Drew, how you doing, buddy?
Speaker A: I'm good, brother. What's going on?
Speaker B: Wonderful. Blake, how are you?
Speaker D: And life is abundant in every way.
Speaker B: I like that attitude. Big, big fan. So before we dive in here, I have to give a little bit of background on both of you guys, which is how you guys both came into my life in totally separate ways, which is really interesting. And it starts, believe it or not, with Blake Jameson. And Blake, back when you were doing the tops of project 2020, is when you came across my radar as I was a super. I had, like, a, you know, traditional collecting background with sports memorabilia, sports cards, all that stuff. And I got really, really into the tops, project 2020. And at the time, I was doing, like, sports card breaking on stream and stuff like that. And I had reached out to you right before you did your. Your Jackie Robinson card, and I was like, hey, you know, we do these. These streams and we rip open some cards. Would you want to come hang out? And you said, yes. We got on a phone call, like, literally ten minutes later, and you came and hung out for one of our streams. And that was the first interaction with you that I ever had, which is really cool. And actually, behind me, I don't know. I'll try to see it. On the. On my wall is your babe Ruth.
Speaker D: That you did yeah, with the f.
Speaker B: Dot collab and I. So it's numbered. I have that hanging on my wall and. Yeah, so that was. That was the. My Blake Jameson story. And you actually. Funny part of that story is you overslept the interview.
Speaker D: I was. I was about to.
Speaker C: Like, that.
Speaker D: That came back to me. Like, my. Had so many missed calls. I woke up, like, my mom had called, my sister called. Like, man, I was just. My schedule was so out of the whack because I was, like, streaming late at night and staying up painting. It was bad, man. So I'm sorry that I was late.
Speaker B: But it was a great time. Yeah, absolutely. And, Drew, for you, I credit a lot of my current success in the space to you hitting me up on Twitter when I was tweeting about axie Infinity inviting me to your place in Warwick, in which I quit my job to go to that party. That was Drew's party. That was Drew's party. That's awesome. That was Drew's party in Warwick. I quit my job to go hang out at Drew's house with a bunch of degens, and that's where I met my, you know, current business partner, Adam Brotman. And the rest is history. So that was a great time.
Speaker A: It started it. We created a dow from that.
Speaker D: It's been.
Speaker A: We've had multiple retreats now from it. But I just remember that first weekend, it was like two in the morning, yet a bunch of, like, VC's, like, traditional VC's, like, in a room together, everyone hammered and just grilling bunch of. On the metrics of, like, what are the KPI's for this?
Speaker C: He was texting me.
Speaker A: Would you do if we gave you a billion dollars to manage an axie infinity like that? Those questions were legitimately asked at two in the morning. How would you scale?
Speaker C: We were in the heat of axiophinia at that time, right?
Speaker B: Totally.
Speaker C: Oh, that was. I remember. I remember bunch texting me from that party. It's like you. You wouldn't believe what's being spoken about right now.
Speaker B: And then our boy. Our boy ja rule grilled us some burgers and bought that giant bottle of wine home. And now that was just a time to. Time to be had, so. But those are so two unique stories that how you guys came into my life kind of totally random and different from each other. And so it's really serendipitous that you two are now working together on a lot of stuff, and it's great to have you guys both here. Chamber. What a world, huh?
Speaker C: Honestly, when you guys were talking about ripping packs, too. I remember when you started doing the pack rip videos or the streams, and.
Speaker A: I'm like, oh, you know, I'm going.
Speaker C: To support my buddy bunch here. I'm going to watch. I have no idea what's happening, but I'm going to watch them. I'm telling you, man, I am addicted to them now. They show up on my TikTok all the time now. I'll watch them on YouTube. I have no idea what's happening. I'm just looking for whenever they get excited.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, you're a big basketball guy, so that surprised me that you're. You're into that.
Speaker C: I would say that most of my watch, though, are definitely. Baseball and hockey are the ones that come across my.
Speaker B: Really? From a card standpoint?
Speaker C: Yeah, I don't see a ton of basketball or football. I would definitely say, like, baseball by a long shot. And then maybe it's just like the geographic algorithm. I get a lot of hockey here.
Speaker B: Yeah. Interesting. But before. So before we get into kind of your guys projects, what you're working on, let's cover a little bit of what's going on in the market the last 24 hours, 48 hours or so, I guess. Let's start with. Where do we want to start? Chamber? How about. No, not that. That's my opensea profile.
Speaker C: I mean, today was the unveiling of the oddities.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's the tweet I'm looking for.
Speaker C: Actually, to mix reviews, I would say, at best.
Speaker B: Here's a fantastic.
Speaker A: Oh, shit, I have one. What the hell happened? What is it?
Speaker D: I actually sold mine, dude. I paper handed mine. I fought. Like, I honestly, like, I was. I was messing around with oddities with, like, money that I really had to spend on something. Like it was earmarked for something else.
Speaker B: That's the number one dj rule is don't spend what she can't afford to.
Speaker C: Liquidate immediately if you do.
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah. So I was just like. I mean, I didn't. I didn't really. I lost a little bit on it, but not a ton. But I was like, fuck, I can't afford to, like, take a big haircut on this, you know? So paper handed that shit, but I got that bill paid, so that's what.
Speaker B: There you go. You live to dj another day, right?
Speaker D: That's right.
Speaker A: Today was the day where I pretty much lost 50% of everything I had.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, we'll get. We'll get into that one in a minute as well.
Speaker D: Good thing you didn't get thing. Your Warwicks thing didn't pass.
Speaker C: Oh, my God.
Speaker A: I would've got. I would have got destroyed. Destroyed.
Speaker B: Okay, well, we'll get, we'll get there in a minute because I definitely want to cover that as well, so. But we've. Moonbirds oddities were the big reveal today. They've been going, you know, the volume on it has been. Has been pretty crazy.
Speaker C: So like twelve k. Yeah, but, but.
Speaker B: What do you think of this tweet by thread guy? Moonbirds oddities, where they were pre reveal is upgrade. And then they actually revealed. And this one says, fuck, go back. What are your initial thoughts on. Initial thoughts on your oddities chamber?
Speaker C: I wish I didn't see Twitter first. I was driving when they revealed. And I don't know about you guys, but when you're on the freeway and it's a straight shot, I'm usually on my phone a little bit and I just started seeing the reviews and I'm like, this is. If it would have been positive, I really think if it would have been a positive review, like, stayed the same, but just everybody was excited about it. I feel like I would have been. Yeah, these are awesome. But I feel like the temperature of the room really, you know, really jaded my view of these. I got some cool ones. I think some of mine are. I have full ones.
Speaker D: I actually don't mind them.
Speaker B: Yeah, they're growing. They're growing on me.
Speaker A: What do you guys think?
Speaker D: We're glad that I sold when I did. I'm actually glad that I paper handed out of my nest.
Speaker A: Little.
Speaker D: Little thing, because I got everything handled and the price has only gone down more since then, it looks like. But I like, stylistically, I think they look dope. I would be interested in combing through and seeing if I want, like, one of these.
Speaker A: Yeah. Is there a rarity rankings yet or, like, rarity?
Speaker C: There is.
Speaker B: I was.
Speaker C: No, I was noticing on mine, like, I have four moonbirds. So I got the four identical oddities that go along with it. But two of mine are, like, top 1000 ranking and the accompanying. The accompanying oddity was not, which I thought was a little. So maybe it's just not done calibrating yet. But I was kind of shocked that the rarity didn't match up the same way.
Speaker D: Yeah. Right in the middle of that page with the yellow eyes.
Speaker B: Yeah. This guy or this.
Speaker C: No, above. Yeah, that one.
Speaker B: Yeah. This guy's pretty dope, actually. Yeah, I mean, they're. They're very gremplin. Right? Like, that's what that's what gremplin does, and so if you like toads, you should like oddities. I actually, uh, kind of like the ones in the space helmets. I might buy this one. I literally just posted in the war room. Should I buy this one?
Speaker A: Live bunch? Check out the one I have. 1831. I'm curious if it's rare in any way.
Speaker B: Hold on. Let's see. 1831. There's your guy.
Speaker C: It seems rare.
Speaker B: There's your guy.
Speaker A: Kind of cool. Is it rare?
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's got a rare trait.
Speaker B: A skull. Skull under the foot is rare. Less than one person.
Speaker A: I feel like my skull's under his foot.
Speaker B: But those are the oddities. And, I mean, volume. Volume is cranking on these. They've done 2100 east today. They are the top volume floor price, right around 1.8, which feels, you know, pretty right on what they should be. Right. Like, we. I think that's pretty good. I sold pre reveal as well, and I think part of the feedback from the community so far was, like, the traits tended to match what your existing moonbird was, which. So I think some people think that might be a little unfair, but we'll see.
Speaker A: Is there any kind of utility or anything that's been like, what else does this thing do?
Speaker B: Basically gets you into the proof. And moonbirds discord. That's about it. So, you know, it was always supposed to be kind of that second that secondary. It wasn't even an official collection to start, so that's kind of why I decided to dump mine pre revealed.
Speaker A: But I only have one. I'm gonna. Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: Then the. The other big thing we saw going on in the market was Nickelodeon. What were your thoughts here, Drew? Did you. Did you catch this drop?
Speaker A: I have two of the unopened packs. I'm going to keep them unopened packed for now. So I'm not going to reveal. I'm a big pack order. I'm a pack order on top shot NFL all day. So I think that the DJ mentality is everybody loves to gamble, so I think the packs always end up going up in value, so. Yeah.
Speaker B: Blake, did you catch any kids? Any of the Nickelodeon drop from occurred?
Speaker C: I.
Speaker D: No, I honestly. I mean, I just found out it was happening, like, right now live.
Speaker B: Well, you could pick up a Harold 28 now.
Speaker D: Dude, that's pretty cool.
Speaker A: They're pretty cool ones.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: Listen, I'm a big rugrats guy. This is Rugrats.
Speaker B: I was just gonna say. What? Yeah. What's the better show?
Speaker A: I happen to be more of a Rugrats guy. But I. But I also.
Speaker D: Man, those are tough. That's tough. They're both great.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: I'm zero opinion.
Speaker B: You have zero opinion.
Speaker C: Like, I've never watched either. He's, I think, older than you guys. I feel like I'm just a little bit older. I remember when rugged rugrats came out and I think I was like 14.
Speaker D: I watched.
Speaker A: I was a Rugratan.
Speaker C: Yeah, I'm 39.
Speaker D: Okay, so, yeah, you were a little ahead of me.
Speaker C: I think I just missed the. The rugrat, you know, wave. But, yeah, rugrats is more popular, I think. I don't even know what Arnold is.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's. It's interesting. Drew, what's your take on, you know, how recur, handled this drop and kind of what it, like, what it means for, you know, these kind of legacy ips coming into this space and I mean, overall pretty successful, I would think.
Speaker A: I think the product experience that recurve built was phenomenal. I think the pack opening experience, the purchasing price, like the payments, the frictionless wallet creation, I think they're doing a great job. Listen, I think this is like, it's a hard. It's not an easy market for brands to come into and drop nfts because, like, there's got to be. Now the expectations are so much higher than they ever were before. You can't just drop iP. So, like, I think that there's got to be some like kind of discovery on what is the. There's got to be some discovery process that happens around what, what will be the next, what is the version two of the brand in web, three in nfts? How does that, like, which I think is a general, there's a general discovery process happening across all projects, which is like, hey, we, we had a great run. We had a great initial sale. It flooded. Everyone has money to play with, but the reality is it's not recurring revenue. What got you here is not going to get you to the next level. There's no predictability in it. So people need to rethink and get back to the drawing board and see what's the next great innovation here and how do we bring value and how do we continue to expand upon this. Listen, we just scratched the surface. We're twelve months in, 24 months in. We're still early.
Speaker B: Yeah, I love that. I would actually. So it's a good segue into what you guys have done with your projects. And so I don't want to get too far off, but what's your thought on what kind of expanding on that web two, bringing ip into the space versus what you guys have done with knights and some of the other projects you're working on in creating this ip and brand from, from nowhere. In web three, like, where do you see the big differences there? And like, how do they compare and contrast in your mind?
Speaker A: I mean, listen, the reality is there's two schools of thought. One, you're leveraging the built in. This whole space is about community. So if you have the ability to build a community around a proprietary ip, then you're going to be in, you're going to be in great shape. But not everyone is capable of building community. So the reality is that one way to be successful in web three is leverage communities that already exist, leverage fan bases that already exist and offer them new products and solutions. So, like, there's a school of thought for both. I think the winners of the space are going to be the ones like board ape that have been able to create their own ip and own their kind of narrative and their story and then can execute that journey. I think that's what we've been doing with Knights of Djen is like, we're building our own IP. And for us, we've kind of taken that approach of like, when we started this whole thing, it was like, how would we build like a decentralized Disney for Dgens? And like, when you think about that concept, it's a really powerful idea that opens up a lot of different paths. You know, Disney is a lot is many things to many people. And if we can, but has this like central ip, you think Disney, you think Mickey, you think Disney, you think the world, the park, the games. But some people now think of the ESPN and like, these are all things under the Disney umbrella. And that's, I think of the Simpsons.
Speaker C: Now, when I think of Disney, like, for real, like, oh, Disney, the Simpsons.
Speaker A: That'S a powerful concept and I think. But it also, it's all rooted with building a really strong foundation. And I think that's what they did with Disney.
Speaker D: Yeah, Blake, I just think it's cool that you can, like in web three, you can, you can have a cool idea and put it out into the, into the world. And if people believe in the project so much that they're willing to, like pay some money for also like a small part ownership and like, you know, kind of some benefit to, like long term success, I just think that it fosters a much more, like, create creative and inclusive environment where like, I don't feel like I have to, like, I don't know, like, hold all my ideas to myself because I got to, like, get it to the perfect right until it's ready for prime time, and then I may have this one chance to, like, go and sell it, and if, you know, it's.
Speaker C: So.
Speaker D: I just think that, like, me as a creator, spend a lot less time, like, making shit in a vacuum, and more time, like, in the community, which is fun. And that applies to nights as well as, you know, any project that I'm.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's super interesting. I'm interested in your thoughts on how, kind of, like, this community building around art is going and, like, what your thoughts are there, because I think it's really both, like, drew, your idea mixed with Blake's kind of feeling on how the art plays into this is what really makes this stuff powerful. Right? Like, you know, the IP is or the thoughts around brand are one thing, but what people are galvanizing around in one way or another is the art around these things that bring them together, that they can be forming community over as well. So, Blake, what's that been like for you? Is kind of, like, forming community around your art?
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, it's awesome. And I. And honestly, I think that, like, the community that I had filmed, that I had formed around my art, which was, like, fans of, like, sports cards and stuff, like, you know, how we met is probably, like, one of the big reasons why drew came to me with knights of Degen when it was an opportunity, because I was already, like, in that space. Right. Building that audience and building that community, that we're gonna have some crossover. And so, you know, it's really cool now, especially, like, you know, with someone like you that's full circle, where we. We met on a different live where I overslept and was late, but we're talking about something completely different is, like, is cool, right. And that just shows, like, how, like, I was focused on building that community within a particular niche as well as, you know, the overlap that has with what we're building at nights, you know, very much trying to dominate that sports space.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's really cool. So, Drew, why don't you tell us a little bit about, you know, everything that is Knights of Djen?
Speaker A: Yeah, I guess we could start with, like, you know, we have a nice advantage in that, you know, the foundation is built on shared interests, and the shared interests are, you know, sports and speculation and sports betting and NFT speculation. I mean, you know, when we went, Jared and I, who, like, Jared came to me and he was like, one of the original people, like, one of the original founding team members. Him and I came together. What are we talking? We both were just selling our tech companies, and we were like, it was the heart of COVID And we were like, what are we talking about with our friends all day? And it was like, sports and sports betting or NFTs and NFT trading or crypto and crypto trading. And it was like, how do we, like, there's this old speculation and shit like that. And we were like, why don't we build a community built around these things that we love talking about all day? So the foundation of, like, shared interests is definitely, like, I think, one of the most powerful things that we have going for us. Then side of that. Then it came to, how do we bring this to life? So we brought, like, people like Blake to turn to build character and creative and art to represent our interests and this, like, narrative and story. And we brought, you know, Jack Settleman, who's going to talk about who has, like, a connection to a kind of Gen Z sports community to bring in new people. And, you know, Clay, who had a connection to the NBA top shot world. And, you know, we put together this team with, like, Peter and Brendan, and we have this team of people that all brought different complementary skills together to then execute on this, like, story and vision that we had in our heads. And from there, you know, once we launched the IP, it was like, okay, well, then what? What do you do to know? How do you build this? Like, how do we expand this ip? And I think this is where that whole decentralized Disney concept really comes into play. Is that, like, we thought very early on that we wanted to build. We wanted to diversify the business and have multiple, like, we were going to treat this as a business. And that was like, day one. We were all aligned. Like, we're not an NFT project. We're doxxed. We're a bunch of, like, successful entrepreneurs in various different capacities. And we're going to put our reputations on the line and go out and execute a business and build a business here and really go out and be comfortable with experimentation and discovery. So what that's led to is us trying to really lean in and say we want to be at the cutting edge of innovation in the space. We also want to be super close to our audience and our consumer and try to get an understanding of how do we build a business and a membership experience that kind of meets and exceeds the expectations of the people that are, you know, that hold nights and now steeds. So the reality is it kind of started with. It started with knights. We've now launched Steeds, which is our complimentary kind of NFT in our IP world and continues to expand the universe. But like, we're doing so many other things. We own a football team in the fan controlled football league that is a major driver of how we operate. We earn investors in Wagner United, which is obviously a, most people know as a soccer club, based about an hour outside of London, which is lead two. And we're in Knights of Degen are investors as a community and a partner of the team. We are investors in various different initiatives. So we have, like, our.
Speaker D: Proud of you for not mentioning the vodka sauce yet. You gotta get. You gotta tell.
Speaker A: But we have this, like, so basically, what we've been doing is we've been looking at, as we have these two kind of like, umbrellas. We have kod ventures, basically, which is like, where we. We spin up these. We spin up joint ventures or we build businesses or we invest in businesses that are going to further create more value to our ecosystem or create more experience and utility. And, like, we, like, for example, like what Blake was saying, we have a, you know, we have a restaurant that we're working on called Degen Sauce, which is basically in partnership with a company called Popchu. We're going to be launching Degen Sauce. It's a delivery only restaurant to start, and it's going to be in 50 to 100 cities around the country during the NFL season. We're shooting for a week one launch. We'll see if it's ready. But because of their infrastructure, with ghost kitchens around the country and restaurants and restaurant chains, we can spin up a branded restaurant for our community that represents our community, gives our community a new way to engage with our brand and bring in a new revenue stream and asset that creates value for our business. So the way we've kind of started thinking about this is like, we, you know, we likened it to, like, building us almost like, kind of think about, like, Las Vegas. Las Vegas or a great sports bar where, like, you have. You go to the bar, you watch the games. And in that regard, we own a football team. To watch a soccer club. We have five esports teams. We want to be at the forefront of esports and gaming and things of that nature, so that when you come to our venue or our location, you have things to do watch and root for, because they're your. They're your teams, they're your games, they're your sports. You're part of that process because this is the participation economy. So, you know, we have these teams. You watch the games, you play games. We're working on different types of sports betting and activities and contests and fantasy sports and all this stuff. So you can watch, you can play, you can order beer. You know, we have our own beer that we're working with in partnership with Bronx Brewery. So you can buy drinks and buy beer and have beers with your friends. You can order food and from Djen sauce restaurant. So, like, we're basically the first, in my opinion, the first.
Speaker D: It's funny because I feel like I was just like, think I was just like really focusing on listening to you explain that. And I was like, man, that just sounds like Dave and Buster's, but even.
Speaker A: Better, it's like, it's Dave and Busters, but it's fucking global. So instead of when you look with Dave and Buster's, I like, I have very few friends that I can go to and say, hey, Blake, you want to go to Dave and Buster's? We can, because we live around the corner from each other. But bunch, you can, you and I, like, it would take a fucking lift. Like, you're not going to Dave and Buster's tonight, but like, we can go to the Degen tavern tonight and we can all hang out, drink beers, eat food, play games, watch tv, watch sports and hang out. And I think that that is a very interesting business at scale. And then the underlying infrastructure of all of that is building this token economy and that's building a Dao so that we are all participating in the value that's created through this ecosystem. So we have committees, community driven committees that are, that are members of our community that are vested in the success of Knights of Degen by holding knights and believing in what we're doing here. That are, you know, part of our fan controlled football team that are running that. We have, you know, our footium club, like, which is like part of our. What we're ultimately going to build as a gaming guild, our dj gaming guild. We have a committee associated with that. We have our, you know, our KOD media network and we have people working on that. We have our Djem sauce brand and our beer. And every one of these things have community members at the core enabling us to scale our ability to build more projects and verticals because we have the team, we have 100 people, 100 person team of just people from our community that want to build. So, like, our job now is building the underlying infrastructure so that we can support all this entrepreneurship at scale. And our token is what will be the, like, kind of the thread that everything accrues value to and what is in the. And how everyone's, and how, like, compensation and incentivization and, like, and value accrual will all ultimately go back to the dow and the token, and that's where I'm spending most of my time right now, is like tokenomics and all that kind of stuff, which I'm just losing my mind over. It's super fascinating.
Speaker D: And he's taste testing the vodka sauce.
Speaker B: Chamber. I'd love to check in and get your thoughts here after hearing all that because, I mean, that was a lot.
Speaker C: A lot of stuff you guys are doing. I'm gonna be honest.
Speaker B: Really incredible stuff.
Speaker D: Like, I think I blacked out a.
Speaker C: Little in the middle like that.
Speaker A: That's the thing. It's like I've been in stars my whole life and I've never seen the ability to execute at such a high level so fast and so furiously. It's because we have a community that really gets it and they want to contribute. And it's this participation that enables us to handle far more than our founding team could in terms of bandwidth and constraints. We have a Zed run stable. We have, that we manage and have a show about we have now, which is part of our guild. And we have partnerships with major brands that are sponsoring our events and our parties. And we throw fucking bangers that really nobody competes with when it comes to our events. We're doing this stuff at high level because of, like, we have a great group of people that are, that we have a great foundational team. We have a great community participation level. And then, and I think people really believe in where we're headed.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's, that's awesome. I just bought a night while we were.
Speaker C: No, but I think, I think to your point, too, you know, we were talking about Nickelodeon drop today. You know, we've seen a lot of news about Disney with, I think, figure what blockchain they're using. Are they using Matic maybe?
Speaker B: Yeah. Polygon.
Speaker C: Polygon, yeah. And honestly, like, since we've been in, since we've been doing this, you know, besides maybe like Nike, when big brands come in to the NFT space, it's not a home run. Like, not at all. And it really, you know, I think, you know, a year ago, year and a half ago, you know, I think a lot of us were like, oh, big brands is gonna be. They're gonna come in. It's gonna be awesome. I think beloved was mentioned on the show today, by the way. You should absolutely not watch the beloved and jouelsy show because it is far superior to our show and I get depressed every time I watch it. But if you like quality programming, tune in because they are worth the price of admission. But they were. I think they kind of brought it up too, is everybody was really, really excited for these big companies coming to NFTs and they would have this inherent community attached to it. And I think in reality, what we're seeing is the communities that have grown organically within the NFT space are going to be the ones dictating what's happening and what's going to be going forward.
Speaker A: Listen, like, it's easy to write that off, but then if we think about it, in my opinion, the most influential, influential driver of NFT success to date was the national. Was NBA. Was the NBA.
Speaker C: That's a good point. That's a good point.
Speaker A: I think that, like, when you do it right, like they did with NBA top shot and dapper labs, like, then it changes. It really changes the game. Like, I. Listen, I think there's, there's been a, I think Budweiser has done some phenomenal work, partnering with Zed run, sponsoring tracks, sponsoring skins, like, incentivizing people with bigger prize pools. Like, there's a lot to be. There's a lot to be. Listen, there's. I think that, like, creativity and innovation is still at the early stages here. So, like, how sponsors are entering, they're waiting for us to pave the way. I think what we've done is we've created, we've created a platform for brands to be able to enter the space in a much more natural way that want to engage with the sports community and the kind of that sport, the sports fan audience, and luckily it's a very big audience, but we've had a lot of professional athletes come in, we've had a lot of. A brand comes into the space and wants to figure out how to enter web three. We can lay out a smorgasbord of opportunities for them to participate, whether it's through creative content, through our KOD media network, whether it's participation in our football team and like sponsoring the team, whether it's being involved in our, in our esports leagues and our esports teams and our play to earn games, whether it's our physical events and sponsoring events. Like, there are so many ways that you can start to build brand awareness in the space without knowing your full idea. Yet while you build towards whatever it is going to be your main play. And I think that, like, right now, that's the entrance point, is you need to show as a brand that you're willing to support the native web three brands and how you're going to play a role in helping them succeed. So you're not just. If you just come in and start selling your own shit, to me, it's just a recipe for failure.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's super interesting. And I think you're. I think it's spot on. You. You know, what's interesting is, like, creating a brand inside of web three where you're starting from. Nothing is. Is a lot different than bringing a brand coming into web three. And I think both, at the root of it, are about authenticity, what feels authentic to the space, while also being something unique that only your brand can do. And what I love about you guys is, and what we've just heard is nothing. Everything you just described fits your brand, right? Like, everything you just described is a exact fit for, you know, a DJ. Right? Like, for lack of a better term. I mean, it is. It's. It's sports, it's nfts, it's betting. It's. It's eating and drinking with your buddies. Like, it's all of that. And I think, you know, the tree, the umbrella that you guys are building here with all these other angles is expansive. You're kind of taking this one idea of Degen and it's like all of these branches off of that.
Speaker A: I hope we redefine the. I hope we define the future word of djen. I hope we are part of that storytelling of what a DJ is. I hope, like, listen, I believe that there is so much room for potential here in terms of, like, you know, what do we do with the IP? Is there an animated, you know, we have Jerry Ferraro as part of our team. Him and I go back and forth on, like, animated show concepts or like, even reality show concepts. Like, not reality, but like, you know, entourage style show concepts about a team building NFT project. We talk about all these different types of ways to continue to expand the universe around Knights of Degen. And it's like, as long as it continues to, we have these three pillars of concepts, three pillars that we kind of run ideas through, which is like, does it create revenue or value to the overarching business? Does it create content or awareness around the business? Or does it create, like, utility and fun for the business? And if we can nail those three things or as close to those three things as possible, then. And it's on, and it feels like it fits our profile. Then we're like. We're comfortable with experimentation and comfortable with supporting that, because you need to get comfortable in a DAO. You're not going to have control over everything. Not everything is not going to be exactly the way that you want to produce it, because that's the whole point, is that you're opening, you're providing an infrastructure for people to be able to have their own interpretation of what it is, of what kod means to them, and then take that run with it and hopefully provide something new to the people that align with that interpretation. And that's powerful.
Speaker B: It sure is. And not only that, but, like, passionate is another way I describe it. I don't know if we've ever had a guest where I could hear them banging on their table as they're talking. If that's not passion, I don't know what is. Chamber. You like the one I bought here? I think it's pretty dope.
Speaker A: Oh, this is what you bought here?
Speaker B: Yeah, this is the one I bought.
Speaker C: I. Yeah.
Speaker D: Dope. And you got the space dog.
Speaker B: Yeah, that was very. It's very me. I went through a couple, and I was like, okay, this one's the one I'm getting. If I had to pick one for chamber, here's the one I would pick for chamber.
Speaker D: Right?
Speaker C: Which. What's the number?
Speaker B: It's. Where did it. Where'd it go?
Speaker C: Are they numbered?
Speaker B: I. Hold on. I might have passed it already. It was maybe. Just maybe it just got bought. Oh, Mandy, I hope not. Sheesh. Oh, it might have been this guy. It was this guy.
Speaker C: What's the number on it?
Speaker B: It is 29, 29, 21. That's definitely got some chamber vibes.
Speaker C: Go find them.
Speaker B: Yeah, you go.
Speaker C: Absolutely. Let's get this guy right now.
Speaker B: There you go.
Speaker C: Just go.
Speaker B: I do want to. I do want to take a. We got the comment on the. The fuglies when you drew was talking, and we got David Garber here when fuglies roundtable. So I do want to get into that with. With Blake here really quick. So let me find that. Let me find your site here. So, blake, talk to us about the fuglies.
Speaker D: Yeah, so, man, so I had just gotten back from vCOn with my girlfriend, who's also artist Meg Zanye, who's in all those videos. And so we were, like, very fresh, like, one or two days back, and we decided that we wanted to, like, do some type of cool art project, and, like, web three project, but trying to do something that, like, no one else had ever done before. And one of the things that, like, we kind of what it started with is knowing, like, we wanted to hand paint on, you know, in the real world, a PFP project. And we kind of targeted 1500 to 2500 pieces. So that alone, like, painting 1500 portraits is a challenge and a fun thing to, like, you know, learn and push myself to grow. And as we kind of, the idea kept evolving, we. We decided to add on a layer of performance art to it. And so we had. We came up with a story, basically a storyline, and it was a series of six different videos that tell the story arc of me and Meg showing up at the studio on the first day and seeing an alien portal in our studio and deciding to go through it. And we end up getting kidnapped by an alien species who call themselves the fugly. And they are, you know, very technologically advanced compared to humans, and they believe that the only valuable thing that earth has to offer is art, because everything else is far be behind where they're at. So we kind of built the project around that. We put the mint link in video number five, and so it was kind of buried, and we minted the day before. Nft NYC started on Sunday. So it was like, what's that, three, four weeks ago now? But it sold out in a couple of hours, which was really cool to do while it was basically, like, peak bear at that time. So, yeah, I'm just. I'm super proud of it. And Meg and I worked really hard on it. Very, very focused about the art. It's like, it was a very accessible price point. It's still like a very, you know, accessible price point on Opensea, and there's no traits, there's no rarity. So you just literally shop based on what you like, based on what you see in the picture. They do it and then also, like, the names. So all seven, 1778 were named by us by hand also. So they're all very unique names.
Speaker B: How. How long did it take you to do 1800?
Speaker D: Yeah, pull up. If you pull up opensea, you can, like. I feel like showing people. The guys.
Speaker B: Hold on one sec, actually, just. So this one's mine. Oh, wait, am I sharing yet?
Speaker D: I have.
Speaker B: I have three fuglies, but this one's my favorite. This guy. I love it because you could see what I really like about this is, like, you can see the texture in ithemenous, you know what I mean?
Speaker D: Totally. So that's painted on plywood, and a lot of the pieces were. And so there's a physical for every single NFT. And our plan is to do an art show where we can show the full collection. And then once that show's done, we're going to figure out a way to get the NFT holders, the physicals, which is going to be a little bit of a game and kind of a puzzle to solve because we painted on the fronts and backs of everything. Uh, and so you're going to end up having to pair your alien with the person that's on the back. Right now, there's no way of knowing which one that is, but we are going to be slowly teasing out and publishing that type of information to let people, uh, kind of treasure hunt. Right. Which ultimately would lend, uh, let them claim the physical painting.
Speaker B: These are really cool. I love the fact that they're all hand done. Um, Chamber, what do you think about the fuglies?
Speaker C: I'm just looking at them right now. Am I getting. I'm getting the right.
Speaker B: This is what happens when you come on the show, guys. You talk about your project and chamber and I spend money. It's the reverse of a sponsored episode instead of we sponsor you. Yeah, right, exactly. We sponsor your projects. It's the same thing that happens on our Twitter spaces every morning.
Speaker D: Burst shill.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: I get emotionally invested. Do we have a. Do we have a. I don't know. I like the. There are a bunch of good ones. There's one that kind of looks like Mister Burns, like, when he's, you know, when he comes. When he's the alien in the woods there. There's that kind of.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Speaker C: You see it there? I think I get that one. I'm gonna get a couple of these, I think. But, yeah, these are. These are really good.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: So there's 47 different, like, body shapes we call families. There's actually 58 of them. But one of them, somehow we didn't end up. We forgot to paint. We found the stencil, like, at the end. So, yeah, we're doing. We're doing, like, the next thing is we're gonna do a coloring book and we're gonna let people with. I think it's gonna be like five or more redeem a free, like, in real life physical coloring book. We're going to mail you and, like, we're. So you can, like, color in and make your own fuglies. Because the fuglies, like, their whole thing is like, we just want more art to be created and so we don't really have a roadmap but we came up with, like, an idea map, which is, like, our version. And just because we don't want to, like, lock into a particular destination on a roadmap, we'd rather kind of put out our ideas, like, coloring book series. And we start with one and then I see if people like it, and if they do, then we'll do a bunch more, and if not, we're going to go do something else. Yeah. So, yeah, that's cool. Yeah.
Speaker A: I'm like, it's fun.
Speaker D: Like, it's a. It's a passion side project. It's definitely, you know, not nearly the operation that Knights of Djen is doing and doesn't have the same ambitions. But I think as an artist, like, that's okay to have, like, a fun, like, side hustle project that is. That just brings me a lot of joy. Right. And it might not be trying to build a billion dollar brand like Knights of Djen is going to do, but it is building, like, a really cool ecosystem within web three world. And, you know, I envision in the future collaborating with other artists and just looping them into the fugly world because the fugly are just all about, you know, getting art created.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's really awesome. And I just. I love that it's a little bit of a different approach, too, that they're all hand drawn. You can really see the textures and things on them. And honestly, if you're into collecting art for that reason. Right. Like, the sake of art and what it brings to the space like this is there's really not a better entry point and artist with the passion than you guys. Right. So I think that's super cool. I mean, you can pick up these 402 chamber. You better sweep a floor here.
Speaker C: I know I could use a different app.
Speaker B: You don't want to trigger my night with Jim. I bought my night with Jim.
Speaker C: All right, I gotta go.
Speaker D: Yeah. Drew, what are you using right now for which? For genie or gem? If you want to find.
Speaker A: So gem is what I've been using now. I used to use Jean here.
Speaker C: Yeah, I thought. I wasn't sure if there was any. You never know what. These things are very fickle, folks.
Speaker B: The proof that I bought it live. Right. I still had my gem card up, so. But yeah, gem is the sweep. Gem is the best one to sweep with athlete. The alpha is sweep with gem and list on x two, y two. Yeah, that's the alpha.
Speaker D: That's the move.
Speaker B: Yeah. Because there's mostly no creator fees over there and so. Or the less, less fees on the marketplace side. So when you do a sweep, when people sweep, a lot of them are coming from that x two, y two listing. So you're also kind of the front first on the floor, typically because of that as well. So you get faster sales in there as well, but. Cool.
Speaker D: So we got an aggregator. Sorry, sorry. Is that.
Speaker B: No, it's not. Okay.
Speaker D: Like, ugly, for example, to show up on there. Would I have to, like, be proactive.
Speaker B: And go like, like, oh, it actually, no, sorry. I think, I think it is aggregate. I think you.
Speaker C: I think it does pull, right?
Speaker B: Yes. Let me see.
Speaker C: Yeah, I'm pretty sure it does.
Speaker B: Yep. You're in there. Fuglies are on there.
Speaker D: That's cool. Yeah, I never, I've literally never looked at it yet.
Speaker B: There you go.
Speaker D: Cool.
Speaker B: And actually, the opensea, like, ui redesign basically jacked the x two y two design. Like, oh, really? Yeah, like, look at the new, like, this is, this was first, right? They were first and then Opensea changed their.
Speaker A: Do you actually use x two, y two? I like this stuff every once in a while on there.
Speaker B: Well, if you listing on x two, y two, it's typically caught up in those first genie sweeps or gem sweeps because of the fact that people list them lower because of the lesser fees of. So they're willing. So they're typically cheaper on there. So when you go to sweep a floor, you're. A lot of times they're actually being sold on or sold from the x two y two listing, which is actually.
Speaker A: Interesting because when I, when I go to, when I go back, it says I've earned X two Y two.
Speaker B: Yep, there you go. Yeah, that's why. Exactly. So, last thing to cover here, I wanted to give you an opportunity, Drew, to talk about Redbeard ventures. Let me see if I could pull that up here.
Speaker A: Sure. Yeah. So Redbeard ventures. So we have a couple different, you know, we're building this. Like, that's, this is like my, kind of like my foundation here. It's like my day to day job. So I'm. It started about 18 months ago as an angelist syndicate. Are you guys familiar with angelist syndicates?
Speaker B: I am, but our audience might not be, so why don't you.
Speaker A: I would definitely check it out. It's really awesome. Angela, syndicates are basically like, almost like a decentralized, decentralized way or distributed way to get access to venture capital and early stage investments. So for the last 18 months, I've been looking. I've been running a syndicate where I get deals like Zedrun seed round or sandbox or dapper labs or genies or, you know, we've done, you know, we've been one of the most active web three investors in the space. We did about 110 deals in about 15 months, deployed about 40 million in capital across over 100 plus startups. As I was saying, 3100. Now LP's that are part of our investor group. It's free to sign up. You get access to all the deal flow. You can write checks as low as $1,000 or you can write checks as high as you want and you can start to build an angel investment portfolio. And I totally recommend, it's a great, it's a lot, it's like a, I'm a big believer in diversifying. I'm a big believer in having exposure to these venture backed companies at the earlier stages. We've done token deals, equity deals, etcetera. So that's one thing. So you can apply for the syndicate. I'll make sure you guys all get in and all that kind of stuff. So no worries. We always let everyone in like that goes through the process. And then we have, you can see our portfolio there. I mean, it's a beast of a portfolio of companies we've invested in. You know, fan control football, you know, is another one of the companies we've invested genies, you know, giglabs, which has done some really cool stuff. Layer three, Limewire, which just relaunched their NFT, that's launching an NFT music platform. So like really, you know, one of none, which you guys know is Deshawn Kaiser's company Opelis, which is like a.
Speaker B: Bunch of, one of my favorites, poap.
Speaker A: Popchu, like really great companies. So we've been, we started with the syndicate to start because that was for me a great way to start building up venture capital experience. And then as of March started a fund. So now I have a managed capital fund where we launch the fund. We, we are, it's a pure blockchain fund. So the syndicate, I can do whatever the fuck I want if I think it's dope and I think it's cool. I think it's going to push the world forward. I invest, the guy, we invested in a company like called Colossal, that's fucking trying to bring back the woolly mammoth. We've invested in, invested in a couple like space companies, one that's trying to do like global space travel so that you could travel anywhere in the country in an hour straight out of an airport, which is super fascinating. The jet takes off they like, they fly right off the airport, but the jet engine, the rocket engine takes off once they hit the, like, the whole point of it is this new engine that could take off once you're already in 10,000ft. So, and then you go into space and you, you could fly to the place that you're ultimately going. So like, that's like, you know, long term vision. So we take a lot of moonshots on the syndicate side. The fund is pure blockchain, pure web three crypto blockchain fund. We are targeting a $50 million fund. We're about 60% of the way through. We've already started making investments and it's early stage pre seed seed up to baby Series A, investing in a lot of the startups. So a great, you know, they're two great outlets. If you want to, like, if you want to be able to pick your own companies and write small, smaller checks, the syndicate is a great way to do it. If you want to write bigger investments or just have a bigger investment across a diversified portfolio of companies and you're just exposed to all of them, the fund route is a much more attractive way. And the fund gets first look at all blockchain deals now. So the fund is definitely the most attractive.
Speaker B: So just to recap for those who might not be familiar, and just so I understand it correctly, the, so the difference between the syndicate and the fund is syndicate people can actually pick whether or not they are interested in investing.
Speaker A: In that specific piece through your investing, deal by deal.
Speaker B: Got it.
Speaker A: And your investment will be returned based on the performance of that one company. At the fund level, the funds like a web.
Speaker B: Two dow.
Speaker A: Exactly. It's a web, it's like you're in, you're in all these deals. When they exit and return the fund, you start to get returns.
Speaker B: Harrison says, why is the guy in the beard so handsome? Which one?
Speaker C: Natural.
Speaker B: Which beer?
Speaker A: Effortless.
Speaker B: But the, yeah, that's awesome. And then do you have to be so for funds, I know most of the time you have to be accredited. Do you have to be accredited for the syndicate?
Speaker A: Yes, I believe so. You do have to be accredited for the syndicate.
Speaker B: That sounds like yes ish.
Speaker A: I mean, like, yes is the answer, but like with a wink.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I don't know how everyone, I don't know if like Angellist has their process. They're the ones who manage that stuff for us. So you go through the, whatever the application process is, you know, they're responsible for that, but you know, it is for, it is targeting accredited investors.
Speaker B: Got it. Cool. That's awesome. Chamber, have you ever been in a syndicate?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker C: I mean, not that I could talk about.
Speaker B: That's awesome. This was a really awesome episode. I'm glad that we got to do this with you guys. I'm super pumped about the passion and vision that you're both bringing to the table here in web three. I think you guys will be around here for a long time building big things. Chamber, any last questions before we move to one more piece of nonsense here before we get going?
Speaker C: I had a question for blake. Blake, I think, did you briefly mention the Knicks earlier in our conversation? Is that correct?
Speaker D: I did.
Speaker C: Are you a big Knicks guy?
Speaker D: No, drew is a big Knicks guy.
Speaker C: Oh, Drew's a big Knicks guy.
Speaker D: All right. I. Because. Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker C: I'm a big laker guy, and I saw something come across my timeline today, and I.
Speaker A: If you see the characters that night that. That Blake has done for nights, if you see any of them with red beards or Knicks jerseys, you'll know where they were inspired from.
Speaker C: That's amazing. So I saw something. I came across my timeline. Would you trade Julius Randall and his behemoth of a contract for Russell Westbrook and immediate cap relief next year?
Speaker A: No, I wouldn't.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker A: I don't see a need for Russell, especially if.
Speaker C: No, no, not for the need. You would get your books. You'd be cleared $47 million next year.
Speaker A: Are we waving him, like. I mean, listen, probably Judas. Randall's still a young asset. He's a young, solid ballplayer. He's 20. What? 627. So, like, he's the perfect fit for the Knicks. No, I don't think he is someone that, like, on the right team. That guy can be a ballplayer. So, like, I don't disagree.
Speaker C: I mean, he was a Laker, so I'm a big Julius Randall fan. So, like, I was hesitant on it for myself. I'm like, do I want Julius Randall back on?
Speaker A: Oh, one more. One more thing. I'll shout out really quickly. So we're also doing a lot of stuff around fantasy football for knights of DJ, I should mention. So, like, there's a bunch of. We're doing, like, a mega fantasy football league. You know, we probably will have 120 team or whatever that'll be. And you have to be a night holder. You'll join the fantasy football league. So we're doing that. We also got a ton of stuff going on for fancy football. We have a huge poker club, poker room thing on the community side of things. But what's going on on the football side? We have like a $25,000 guaranteed prize pool, traditional fantasy football league, so our whole community can compete. There's going to be like a whole competition between. There'll be multi divisions, so, like, you'll have to win your division as one part of the prize. Then they'll be a winner of the entire league across all divisions. So that's going to be badass. I'm super stoked what we got going on and. Yeah, and we're also in a partnership with Action Network. Every night holders, we get a free. I think it's got dollar 200 membership to Action Network and all of their content.
Speaker B: Really?
Speaker A: Yes. That'll go to all night holders as well, so that'd be great.
Speaker B: I used to subscribe to Action Network myself. That's a good benefit.
Speaker C: Is that what's his name?
Speaker A: Um, yes.
Speaker C: Friend of the show.
Speaker B: Well, Darren Revelle has been. Revel.
Speaker C: Friend of the show.
Speaker B: Yeah. Sports cheetah wasn't on that, right?
Speaker A: He.
Speaker B: Preston was. He was ESPN, but not action network.
Speaker C: But we had Darren on the show, didn't we?
Speaker B: Yeah, we did. He was like our fifth guest ever, like, you know, and we talked to him about Zed run back when he had a bunch of horses.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker A: I was the one who got him his horse.
Speaker B: There you go. This is the time of the episode where my camera dies 55 minutes in. But it wouldn't be a show unless I made Chamber defend his tweets. So we're going to defend that tweet, Chamber. I liked this one this morning, sticking with the sports theme, NFT. Bark on Twitter versus you on Twitter. Talk about what inspired this.
Speaker C: I love golf. I love Tiger woods, as, you know, as a golfer. But my heart has always been with John Daley since like, 92. I've always loved everything about him. I love his. I love his barefoot, you know, backyard golfing, you know, shots and how he just plays with drinks in his hands with no golf shoes and just his whole vibe.
Speaker B: And obviously you.
Speaker C: This image has been. Has been floating around and I found it very, you know, very apropos for the way Steve goes about using his Twitter account and the way I go about using mine. You know, Steve's very professional, very good at what he does. And I'm just here, you know, I'm just.
Speaker B: His response. His response was fantastic. Us together before you discover drugs.
Speaker C: Absolutely.
Speaker B: I was that.
Speaker C: I was. I was in my car. I was. I had to pull over. I was laughing way too hard when.
Speaker B: I saw that DJ. The DJ came in with this one as well, with the DJ. War room chasing three mints and you and your bags, which is just fantastic. I liked this one. Coffee with Captain versus rect podcast.
Speaker C: Another accurate, another accurate one.
Speaker B: This was some solid engagement you got on this tweet. That's, that's really good there. Look at that. But all right, that's the, that's going to wrap us up here. One quick shout out I did want to give to our friend who is watching right now, Norm the unicorn. So Norm is responsible for the fresh, new mint condition look, these layouts, and the new logo that he created for us. So thank you very much. Our friend Norm big shouts to him. Super talented graphic designer. Uh, thank you for doing that for us. It looks way better than what we have.
Speaker A: I don't even actually have a beard. Norm did this.
Speaker B: Wow, look at that. Before we get going. Lastly, Drew, where can people find you?
Speaker A: And knights of GD at Drew Austin on Twitter. It's probably the best way. At nights of Degen, you join the discord. The discord's where we hang. That's like, kind of our, our digital tavern. That's like where we, that's where we do our thing. I think we have a really cool, I think we have a really cool digital discord experience. And so, yeah, check that out, red beard ventures. Check out the syndicate. I think it's a great way to get started in building up a startup portfolio. And you'll see there's a lot of really exciting, interesting companies. Like, right now, we have one that I can't even, like. Say you'll go and see Blake.
Speaker B: Where can people find you? Find the fuglies. Where can they find you?
Speaker D: Yeah, man. Twitter. Jameson is best, and fugly is official. Fugly.
Speaker B: Awesome. You guys rock. Thank you so much for coming on. We appreciated it a lot. Great show. Check out nights of DJ and check out red Beard ventures. And check out the fuglies and Blake Jameson. Thanks, guys. Until next time, stay mint.
