Speaker A: Yeah, we're missing chamber today. He usually starts this, but. Here we go.
Speaker B: This episode is brought to you by the Degen Community Network media for the decentralized generation. If you want to connect or to check out more great NFT and crypto content, go to dgen.net work. That's dgen.net work.
Speaker A: Hello and welcome to the Mint condition. I am Bunshu alongside one of my esteemed colleagues and co host, Des dez. What's going on, buddy? We have no chamber today. He's on the beach somewhere, chillin. Maybe he's, maybe he's watching from the crowd, but he's not with us today. But, Des, you are here. How are you doing, buddy?
Speaker C: I'm doing good. Like I said, you know how we have Des on the streets? I think we needed chamber on the beach today. Sad it didn't happen, but yeah, happy to be here.
Speaker A: Chamber on the beach would be really great. You'd get to see him in the natural habitat of the Tommy Bahama shirt. You would. He would. He would be fitting in right at home. Do you think. What do you think he would, do you think he would find people on the beach that would know about nfts and crypto?
Speaker C: I think that it's more likely you'll find people on a beach that know about nfts than on the streets. That's. That's for sure. I.
Speaker A: You think so? Why?
Speaker C: Well, maybe they, maybe they made a little change. Maybe they're vacationing on the beach. Maybe they're in, you know, little.
Speaker A: You think they're, they're cashing out and taking their beach vacations?
Speaker C: Yeah. You might find some like, you know, pseudo russian people that decided to go on an all inclusive vacation with chamber that once, you know, did the, like occasional.
Speaker A: I like the term pseudo Russian. Is that because they're pseudonymous or because they are not. They're fake Russians?
Speaker C: No, they're real Russians. They're pseudo something else.
Speaker A: Got it. I see. I see. So the founders of 80 free mint nfts are enjoying their so themselves on the beach. Do you think he would, you think he'd spot any whales, real ones or crypto, NfT kinds? I think his odds are pretty good at spotting one or the other.
Speaker C: Think so, too.
Speaker A: But anyway, let's get into it. We have a very special guests coming on. Later in the show, we are going to be talking with the folks about, of mintable joining us. We're going to talk about their platform and just some other NFT chatter, but let's get into what we've got going on, Des, let's talk a little bit about the market. I'm going to be bringing up here some, some price charts. We're going to check out the floors here of some of our favorite projects. Let's, I'm going to make sure we got the most updated data. So anybody watching at home, this is Flip XYZ. We had our friend Brian Krogsguard on ledger status a while ago. I've been using this platform a lot. I think it's super cool. So check it out. But let's talk about some of these floors. Got bored apes down to an 82.1 floor, Des, where does it stop?
Speaker C: Well, I just actually looked at it and there's like a pretty, I mean, you remember the days where we'd see the floor populated with, like, crazy eyes or undesirable traits. Like, there's some great traits at the floor of BaYC right now. Like, there's a super clean zombie, eyes open, good grin. What the hell are we even saying right now? But anyways, um, you know, a really, really good ape on the floor, and it's just sitting. So I feel like we're going to see lower.
Speaker A: I'm going to bring it up right now. We're going to go ape shopping. We're going to go.
Speaker C: What the hell am I talking about? You know? Oh, God, I swear, if you recorded this conversation, played it for me two years ago. I don't know. I don't know, man.
Speaker A: Which one are you looking at? This guy over here.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Look at that. Eyes open, grin. Here we go.
Speaker A: How about this one with the, with the captain's hat? Uh, or, yeah, with the sailor hat. And then we got the. Yeah, there are some good ones on the floor here. It used to just be crazy eyes.
Speaker C: So I'm not in the market for one. But out of all these I'm scooping. That's, uh, pipe one. I like that.
Speaker A: Pipe one where, oh, this guy over here. Yeah, that's a good one. Um, I, so what does this tell you that there's not the normal crazy eyes on the floor? Because there are, you know, there are some pretty good, uh, apes chilling here.
Speaker C: Yeah, I'm, um. Obviously, they have a cultural stance and it's a flex to own them, but I was really trying to figure out earlier today, like, if I'm looking at wanting to be in the BAYC ecosystem, am I buying, am I buying an ape or a mutant? Because, like, I know this is not true, but I feel like we tapped out a little bit on, like, the super premium value of having an ape. Right. We've proven that it doesn't do anything for you as far as in real life events. You're going to get the same ape fest whether you're a mutant or an ape. Now that the land initial land sale is done, now that apecoin is distributed, like, I'm really trying to figure out if, like, there's a true benefit of having a ape over a mutant. And so, I don't know, I feel like those two lines are going to come closer together.
Speaker A: I actually. I agree with you. If I'm spending 80 eth plus, are you, like. I think you're totally right. I think to be in the ecosystem, 16 and a half eth for a mutant is much more palatable. Right. And we've seen that live events and things like that, mutants and apes are basically treated as equal. What's, you know, what is next for the apes that make it worth that price tag? And I'm not sure. I mean, there's a play here for, I think maybe the kennel club, because we've seen, you know, stuff coming out about these, you know, like the Mecca dogs or whatever the heck's coming and things like that. But I'm totally with you. That's why, personally, like, I've held on to my moonbirds because I, you know, no matter what you say about, like, the oddities and everything and the nesting rewards and stuff like that, the. The idea that you just posited of, like, where's the value coming from, I think, has to do with where apes are in the project lifecycle. Right. We. So, you know, in proof, slash moonbirds lifecycle. You're early. You have all of these things coming from product launches and high rise and ravens and more oddities, potentially. And a token, at some point, like, you're super early in that. That lifecycle of the project. That, to me, I mean, I'm. That's where I'm looking at, even on top of a. So you've got a mutant here, Des, for 16 and a half, and you've got a moonbird at 18.3, where you. Where you hit, where you put in your money.
Speaker C: Hmm. That's a tough one. I I might actually make. I didn't see myself saying this, because I do believe in moonbirds, but I might still do the mutant ape at that point. Just.
Speaker A: Interesting. Well, okay, tell me why.
Speaker C: Just, I think it's kind of a funny thing to say, but I think Moonbirds is really legitimate, like, I think the. The organization.
Speaker A: Wait, you're, like, blowing my mind with why you would choose the less legitimate project.
Speaker C: Well, it's just one of those things, like, think about, like, the. I don't know. Right. Think about the staking rewards, the nesting rewards. Right. They're doing something really cool. They're getting really cool plans, like cotopaxi and different happen. Like, they're doing, like, really cool physical merch that I don't know, that are doing cool rewards. Now, the expectation from the NFT community side is, no, I want to release this completely, you know, fictional airdrop NFT that has some sort of rarity component to it, and I want to have the lottery chance of pulling, like, you know, something super rare. So it's kind of backwards where they're choosing to do, like, the right thing in my mind, but they're getting criticism for it. So I still think we're. I see all the. Oh, no. We're early talk. You know, I think we're really early in a stance of, like, the maturity of this market. And we talk about this all the time, is, like, we get a lot of great guests on the show and talk to a lot of great people, but they might just be too early for their time. Like, they're almost too legitimate. They're doing things that make sense. And sometimes in this crazy world of NFT is, it just doesn't make sense, and it actually works for people. So, you know, and I still think you have a really high connection to bored ape community. I think from a historical standpoint, like, looking at the booms and what mattered, you can't get better than BYC. So having a mutant at a cheaper cost than a moonbird. Yeah, I'd probably do that.
Speaker A: Interesting. I'm, like, fascinated by that answer because I totally would have thought you'd have gone the other way. And I like the reasoning for it. I think, like, you. You, like, talked yourself in and out of why Moonbirds is a better project and you'd still choose a mutant instead, I guess, right? Is that where I'm getting.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's a kind of a backwards counterintuitive argument, but, yeah. If I had those two right in front of me, I'd probably take a mutant, sad to say. Yeah.
Speaker A: Interesting, interesting, interesting. Shall we. Shall we talk about a little news here?
Speaker C: Yeah. I mean, there's a lot in the news right now. We could go pixel vault. We could go hacks. We could.
Speaker A: Let's wait. Let's talk. Wait, what. What's going on with pixel ball? Because that one I'm not sure what's going on with. So that one I did not have on my, on my radar here.
Speaker C: So most of their nfts are like down 95, 90% to 95% from their high.
Speaker A: Okay, so this is, we're talking. Talking about the fud here that we've, that we've been experiencing the last couple.
Speaker C: It's a pretty gnarly drop from the all time high.
Speaker A: I saw the tweet that was basically broke down the pixel vault universe where their highs were in USD versus the price now. So. Yeah, good. Go into that a little bit.
Speaker C: Now. What's crazy? I mean, yeah, I mean, their meta heroes were at ten Eth when Eth was booming. Now there's sub one eth when Eth is, you know, moderately. Okay. Their planets were at like an all time high of, like, they're down. I think it's 90% to 95%. Like, it. It's just crazy. I mean, it's a real drop off from what used to be considered a blue chip project. Like, you see this all the time with different projects, but rarely from, like, what would, what would have been considered a blue chip product at a time. And then the funny thing is, you know, as soon as you piss off a bunch of people with the valuation, they start doing some digging. And so coincidentally, someone had found that the founder bought a $4 million house, like, the month after they released these, these planets, which got a lot of criticism at the time. And personally, I don't give a crap. I mean, he. You don't even know his situation. He could have had enough money to buy a 4 million house before all this stuff. You just never know. But I do think it is funny that the NFT detective sleuth community can do some damage pretty quickly.
Speaker A: Yeah, I also think it's. I'm relatively safe because my house is worth nowhere near $4 million. So, you know, I think I'll be okay at some point that no one's ever going to accuse me of taking the money and running. You got a $4 million mansion on the back of Goatsville over there or what?
Speaker C: I don't. So I feel like I'm in the safe now. My real estate being in Southern California, it costs a lot anyways, but hey.
Speaker A: Yeah, but you were there prior to goats. That's.
Speaker C: It's definitely not a $4 million mansion in New York, so.
Speaker A: So you buying or selling Pixel vault right now? Like, are you. Is there any attractiveness to.
Speaker C: I hold, like, a decent bag in Pixel vault and I'll just go ahead and fud myself and say no, definitely not buying any, any. It's just at this point, like, do I really want to offload for the little. It gets me. So it's kind of a weird thing. I don't know. But I'm disappointed because here's the problem is they had a tremendous opportunity, huge opportunity, one of the best talked about projects. They had like a decent ecosystem going. They had pretty decent artwork and like a really good theme. I just thought I was kind of pissed when I saw it because I was like, damn, superheroes. Like, that makes a lot of sense. Like, you know, this, this community of NFT holders, I feel like they'd gravitate towards that messaging. If you could create an ecosystem of like, villains versus heroes. I just thought there was, like, a lot of cool dynamics that I would have just loved to been at the helm for. And so I thought they, I thought they had a good thing going for them. And it just seems like they overinflated their supply just, yeah.
Speaker A: 320,000 nfts or something.
Speaker C: I think it's just, it's ridiculous. Um, so I just, I, you know, I'm a little disappointed. And, and they, and they got the funding. That's another thing. Hundred million dollars in funding. You got to be able to do something with that.
Speaker A: So what does that say to you about, I guess, one expectations of, let's call them collectors for better use of the word, instead of investors. But like, you know, they do have all this funding. They're not putting out bad product, they're just putting out a lot of it. Right? I mean, is that your, or is the whole thing bad?
Speaker C: They haven't delivered on a lot. Like, they keep releasing stuff without it actually mattering. So interesting.
Speaker A: Okay, so that's a different story, I guess, right? It's like, it's got to matter in the grand scheme of the entire ecosystem, or else what's the point?
Speaker C: Yes. And their whole thing was built on, like, delivering value through drops further NFT holders, right? Like, people who held the comic got a metah and a metah spawned into a planet, and the planet had a sidekick. Like, they just snowballed it without like, any of those stages actually doing something cool, providing the game, providing access or whatnot. And I just feel like they would have been better, you know, suited not continuing on releasing airdrops and actually, like, focused on some utility with, with some of their drops.
Speaker A: T Rose says it's top shot 2.0. Buying or selling that take.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, in a way, right overflation supply. I can see the connection there without really adding much utility to it. You know, top shot did try to pivot and add gamification to it, like collecting sets and stuff, which I thought, you know, at the time it did, it did garner some interest from people who had kind of left it. But the problem is, and this is a problem that's seen across like Zed run and other things like that where you set the bar so high for entry and so many people entered at the high that the utility and the value somehow has to match that high. Yet we're in a position, that's what.
Speaker A: I mean, it's, it's in, it's unmatchable expectations. Like you, it just isn't the right, like there's a disconnect there. And I think it's going to be interesting to see. I personally think it's going to take a entire new wave of projects and a new project style to come in and kind of maybe wash that expectation out. Like you can't have the expectation that everything you mint or everything a project puts out is going to make you rich. It's got to be for the sake of participating. And it's tough when you buy in at a peak like that with something like pixel vault or top shot or something. And it seems like it's going to stay that way forever. But it just is unsustainable because these projects have to grow and have revenue as well. And all of that, Matt, is, is, you know, increasing supply and all of that stuff. And so it's tough there. But interesting. Let's get to a couple more news topics before we add our guests. So this was a big one yesterday. Well, I curious to hear your thoughts on this magic manifesto. So this is from Magic Eden. They are adding Ethereum and to their platform. So they are being, I guess enabling themselves for Ethereum, NFT sales and purchases on their marketplace. Des, what's your take on this story?
Speaker C: Yeah, one of my favorite influencer, just people in this space, he's not, he doesn't fancy himself as an influencer, but Andy, 80 52, he, he posted about it and said that, you know, magic Eden has a legitimate shot at, you know, replacing or overtaking opensea over the long run. So it piqued my interest. It's a pretty cool platform. You know what's so funny about it? And talk about vc and disappointment. So Rahul sued, raised, raised $40 million for Mecca fight Club. What you pulled up right there. Right. And it's a live mint. And I'm pretty sure it's sitting at like under 2000 or just right above 2000. Minted maybe.
Speaker A: Gosh, I didn't even realize this was, I didn't even realize it was live. Like, when did it launch? I feel like I didn't hear anything about it. I heard so much about it prior.
Speaker C: Right. So with $40 million, you would. And the resources of Rahul. And with the resources Rahul, you would.
Speaker A: Think, well, here you'll be able to get some excitement. 45 million. 45 million series A from Andreessen Mantis, the chain smokers, Solana. You know, there's a lot of keen crypto, which I know personally, and I actually didn't even know it was live, which is crazy to think about. So. Well, should we go take a look at it?
Speaker C: Here's a funny story. And this is, this is inside information. Not insider information, just inside information. But when the second that freaking Rahul raised that 40 million, he took a direct flight to Vegas. That's all I'm saying. So it's, it's, I don't know. It's a sign of the times, man.
Speaker A: This is so, here you go. This is wrecking my entire computer right now while I'm trying to stream. But here's the website. I mean, it looks well done, but.
Speaker C: You can do a lot with, I'll tell you, I'd have a pretty sick website with $45 million.
Speaker A: Here you go. You said 2000 minted. That's about right. That's wild. Mints open for two more days, it says. So I guess at the end of the week. But I kind of agree with this magic Eden. Like the platform is really great. What they were missing was, you know, the, it was only a sole marketplace prior to this. But if they're opening up to other chains, you know, totally different story. They've got some really cool kind of stats and info. Like they, you can, um, our buddy, 05:00 a.m. was talking about how you can actually chart with trading view charts on magic Eden, which is pretty cool. And you can actually, what's promote is probably this, uh, yeah, see like you got a trading view chart here for your, uh, your nfts. So like you could go on and let's say, here you go, you could chart your nfTs. It's funny, we were looking at this yesterday in the war room and he was drawing out some charts and everything. And like you, most NFT traders do not trade this way, right? Like they aren't used to looking at a chart like this there. It's much more of a field thing. But the price action behaved just like it would on, like, a crypto chart and everything. It was. It was pretty, it was pretty crazy to see. So, like, I was saying that it just goes to show how much, like, price action is really just like, human psychology visualized, you know what I mean? It's pretty crazy. But anyway, so that's magic, Eden. Speaking of Solana, though, we did have the. The big hack yesterday. What are your thoughts on this? You didn't get affected by this, did you?
Speaker C: I did not. I'm not a Solana player at all.
Speaker A: Have you ever done anything on Solana?
Speaker C: No.
Speaker A: Really?
Speaker C: No. Yeah. Nothing. But no, it's. It's. It's not great. It's. It's pretty dark, man. I think.
Speaker A: I don't even know if they, I don't even know if they figured out what the actual issue was here.
Speaker C: Yeah. And I feel like I keep seeing new headlines of, like, smaller exchange hacks and things like that, and so I don't know if it's, like, all connected and they're using a similar exploit or what's going on, but.
Speaker A: Yeah. Did you see the bridge? The. Did you see the bridge hack the other day for 200 mil?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: And that was, that was, like, the most insane thing I've ever. It was like you were in a. It was like somebody left the, uh, just like, the door to the vault open. So what I saw was that they did an audit, and then they posted the results of the audit in which this hack exploit was defined, and they didn't fix it. So people just went and used the exploit, and literally, it gave them a blueprint of how to steal the funds. And, like, what was really crazy was, like, it wasn't this, like, one sophisticated black hat person, right. It was. Anybody who just went and looked at how to do this could do it. So, like, there were really dumb actors here doing, like, like, taking funds with their dot eth address.
Speaker C: Dude, that's crazy.
Speaker A: Yeah. And then there was, like, 9 million in funds returned and stuff like that. So that's funny. But the. Wow. Yeah. So that was it. I got a couple more here for you. In the last couple minutes before we, our guests, start to make their way in, I did want to touch on this one. What do you think of the Tiffany's punks drop? Have you seen it?
Speaker C: Funny enough. Again, I'm going to reference him. He doesn't know who the hell I am, but Andy, 80 52.
Speaker A: I love that he has no clue who you are. I think you've referenced him on five straight shows, by the way.
Speaker C: Oh, 100%. Yeah. Yeah. Hilarious.
Speaker A: I'm a big fan of him, too, because of his. I think you should leave memes that he posts.
Speaker C: That's good. But he, you know, some people came out and said that. I mean, here's the, here's the thing. I think it's ridiculous now.
Speaker A: You do? I'm surprised. I thought, I mean, obviously there's some ridiculousness to the price tag. Of course there's a sticker shock here, but I was. I'm interested to hear your opinion on why it's ridiculous.
Speaker C: So it's ridiculous until proven useful. That's my term for today.
Speaker A: I actually like that.
Speaker C: I like that it's ridiculous till proven useful, which is the thing, like a lot of people are. The speculation around it is like, just you wait, you laugh at the 30 sticker price right now, but wait till Tiffany's drops exclusive memberships to future Tiffany drops or what, you know, whatever the speculation is that goes beyond just getting a memorable piece of your punk signed by Tiffany. Now, I'm a watch guy, so I love watches. Huge watch collector. And I know the value of having a Tiffany stamped dial from any of the major watch brands like it.
Speaker A: So, like, put that in perspective for somebody who's not like myself, because I am not a jewelry person. I'm not a Tiffany's person. I'm not a watch person. So what does that, like, explain to me a value in something I would understand?
Speaker C: So, like, can I do sports cards?
Speaker A: Sure.
Speaker C: All right, so for sports cards, so say, you know, they released a bunch of Michael Jordan rookie cards right back in the day, and they're very collectible. So, I mean, obviously that that has a huge thing with it. They're collectible. They're desirable by themselves. Now, what if Nike hand stamped ten of the thousand rookie cards that were released and co branded it with Nike? Those shits would sell for a lot more than the original rookie card. So it's one of those things. You just have one of the most prolific luxury brands in the world who do these. Really. They've had a history of doing amazing collaborations across luxury goods, and now they're going to co stamp your crypto punk. I mean, it's cool. So I see the value in that. But if you're telling me that it's just 30 ETh for the chain co signed by Tiffany, again, is there a market for that? Is that really valuable, or is it just a really cool thing to flex for yourself. I think it's probably the latter unless they prove it's useful.
Speaker A: What do you think? Really quick, while our guests continue to roll in and we'll. And then we'll get to that, uh, next portion of our show. But what do you think about it being only open, really only, you know, it's kind of only desirable if you own a punk, right?
Speaker C: Yeah, and even then, so, like, I'm not going to ever try to buy someone else's jewelry of their other punk. Like, that's weird. So it's really only useful to the person that owns it and, you know, ask the punk and wants to commemorate them owning a punk through this method, unless they add some other, you know, additional utility, which is the big question mark.
Speaker A: Interesting. Yeah, interesting. I'm not. I wouldn't be buying one of these even if I have a punk. Mostly because I'm poor. Well, if you had the funds and a punk, are you in or out?
Speaker C: I'm out.
Speaker A: I'm out. Okay, we're selling. We're selling on the Tiffany's drop. All right, let's switch gears a little bit here and bring in our guests. So we have Trisha, Chris, and I can't get the third guest here yet. It looks like they're not quite connected up. Here we go. And zero x pipe weed. What a great, fantastic handle. But from the mintable team. So thank you guys for joining us. We're super happy to have you here and talk about mint pool. Let's just go around the horn really quick and introduce you each to our audience here. So let's start with Tricia. How about you give us a quick intro and then we'll go Chris and Zero x Pipeweed, who we maybe find out your real name in a moment.
Speaker D: Hi, guys. So I'm Tricia. I'm a creative content strategist here at Mintable. So I have the best job. Basically, I get paid to learn about NFTs and about the industry, which is, which is fun. And I've been working here for about a year now. Excited to be here at this podcast at the mint condition.
Speaker A: That's amazing. Chris, how about yourself?
Speaker B: Hi, my name is Chris. I am the graphic designer in mintable. I've been working here for a few months right now, so I'm really excited because I'm an NFT artist as well. So, you know, getting like, you know, getting to understand what marketplaces are doing for us as well. It's gonna be very exciting for me.
Speaker A: That's very cool. And last, but certainly not least pipe weed.
Speaker E: Okay. My real name isn't really pipe weed. It's actually Tanya. It's just a handle, guys.
Speaker A: Well, I. We know all about that over here. We don't go go by our real names either.
Speaker B: So I should have changed my name then.
Speaker A: What's your role here at mintable, Tanya?
Speaker E: It's actually the same as Trisha as well. Just that I'm focusing more towards, like educational content and things like that. Mainly onboarding people to nfts, like the real normies, so to say. So, yeah, that's my role in that. And writing certain articles about like guestless minting blockchain contracts and things like that. So, yeah, really happy to be here.
Speaker A: Yeah. So you're super focused on the educational aspect then, and onboarding new folks, which is really cool. I think we've got a really interesting group here from mintable and a lot of things that we could talk about. Chris, I'm super interested to hear your perspective of kind of what you think of the current NFT market and marketplace activities and things like that, from being an artist yourself. I'd love to hear your perspective on that.
Speaker B: I mean, that's a very big difference from how it was last year and this year. You know, I mean, like right now, the bull run and the current bull market. Bear market. Sorry. I mean, we saw a lot of projects, a lot of artists. We were rising, you know, with the bubble of nfts and, you know, making sales was a little bit relatively easier last year. And then after right now, you know, there were a lot of interest back then, a lot of excitement, you know, but whereas now, you know, the momentum has shifted and, you know, there's a lot of fear, uncertainty, doubts and, you know, I mean, like in the current, you know, dip in the market, you know, people are being a little bit more selective. You know, people are not really just buying into just spending on projects and more on that. And, you know, even projects are not selling out. Even free, free mints are not even selling out. You know, there's no one thing. And, you know, like, uh, yeah, I mean, like right now, promoting yourself and shilling, it's not, it's not as easy or it's very, very different right now because, like, I feel like we're going back to bed too, which was very hard in itself. And like, you know, how we're going to promote ourselves on social media, on, on Instagram, on discord and all that. So, yeah, this, this is a big shift. Big shift.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's some really good points there, Des. I mean, what are your perspectives as somebody who, you know, also runs a project on kind of what, you know, what you guys are doing to either onboard new community members or spread the word, how do, how do you see that happening in the market now versus obviously in the last year?
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, the slowdown is for sure there, but I mean, at our.
Speaker A: Peak.
Speaker C: It'S really interesting because that was one of the benefits of our project is we were at a lower price point, but still very attractive. There was a lot of crossover holders to other big projects like bored apes and stuff. So they would get their friends to come into NFT space through us. And it was like, it was a very rewarding thing. So we felt like we had to do it justice and make sure we had resources to onboard them and be constantly in chat to answer these questions for people who have never owned an NFT before. So it was a big responsibility and I loved being able to do it and my staff was phenomenal doing it. And we built this culture of, like, no question is stupid. And I think that's kind of where we have to start. So. Yeah, absolutely. There's a major importance that needs to be put on onboarding now. I think while this market is in a little bit of a downturn, I think it's the time to prepare for the next wave. Right. We didn't have it ready for this wave and this boom. And who knows if we did have the proper onboarding materials ready for 2021, what the market would be like today or how big it would be. So I think it's our responsibility to make sure we prep during this downtime to make sure for the next boom that we're ready.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's an awesome point. So before we get into mintable as a platform here, I would love to here, just to play on that a little bit from Tanya. You know, what do you see as kind of the most important things that we can do to educate? And either, like Des was saying, either prepare for that next wave of users or start kind of bringing them in. Like, what are your, what are you seeing through your position at mintable? What do you think is the most important aspect of kind of getting ready for that? Thanks.
Speaker E: Okay. Should I like to add something?
Speaker D: Yeah, I'd like to take that, if you don't mind.
Speaker A: Yeah, sure. Absolutely.
Speaker D: Yeah. So, I mean, you know, with the market conditions right now, you know, I guess, you know, none of us can really say that, you know, we saw the crash coming or anything like that, but we all know that at the end of the day, the advent of any new technology with real transformational power, the way that nfts have, is usually accompanied with a lot of hype and over valuation at the beginning, sort of like the.com boom and things like that. But once all of that hype dies down, which is where we're at now, is where we really have a chance to see the real utility of the technology. So, you know, what you said does about taking this opportunity to build something, build real products, really realize the potential of the technology itself. Now absolutely is the time to do that. And I think the biggest way we can do that is reducing friction. This means, first of all, education, like what Tanya is focusing on. But secondly, also, how can we present the technology, you know, for us as a platform especially, what are the things that we can do to make it as easy as possible for people to kind of onboard into the space to learn about nfts, to start using and interacting with nfts? Because really, a huge barrier, I think, is that it doesn't matter how much we educate people about crypto, about nfts, at the end of the day, you know, even if they know how to do it, a lot of people just can't really be bothered with setting up a wallet buying ethereum, doing all of these things. So how do we reduce the friction there and make that process smoother? You know, these are some of the things that, you know, we're working on at the moment.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's a fantastic point. And just to add some color to that, I've been working on some things, and we've been doing a lot of research as a team on what I'm doing every day. And part of it is exactly what you're talking about. Right. Like, reducing that friction. And we wanted to kind of do some research on how much friction there was. And we had somebody that had never purchased any crypto before try to create themselves a wallet and purchase some crypto and go and make a purchase to, um, of their first NFT. And they, the results. Des, how many steps do you think they recorded to do that process and how long do you think it took?
Speaker C: We did something very similar. Um, and yeah, it took, we had a few people do it. I think the longest one with, like, the bank issues and the money being held by, like, it took eleven days.
Speaker A: Oh, my gosh. Wow.
Speaker C: For them to even. Most of the average I came back was like six. To actually be able to, like, purchase something unless you were using like, a third party that, like, took credit card or something like that. But to actually, like, set up a traditional wallet, get the money through a decent on reputable on ramp, transfer it from your bank to there, and then buy crypto, and then transfer it to a wallet to mint something. It was like six or seven days.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: And a lot of steps. A lot of steps.
Speaker A: Somebody used. This person used a credit card so that it was. It was hours, not days, but it was like 10 hours, and it was 72 steps. And they literally took screenshots of each one of the steps throughout the process. And to get fully onboarded was 72 steps. So now imagine if you're, you know, like, I'll go to Tanya at this point here was, now imagine if you're a new person who knows nothing about crypto and, like, you need to now educate yourself during that process as well if you're not being handheld by somebody else. So, like, you know, that's a. It's a whole learning curve. So, Tanya, how are you guys at mintable? Kind of trying to reduce that learning curve for people with your education?
Speaker E: Okay. I think, like, firstly, besides education, we do have a discord as well. It's rather responsive. And the kind of questions that come in are like, okay, so how do I get my wallet set up? It's really basic questions. So I think, like, having. Having this bear market is a good time for us to, like what Trisha said. Like, repurpose our strategy, maybe come up with what you said as well. User behavior, coming up with the patterns. Where do they actually drop off? Finding out the consumer patterns on our website and trying to match the content we have on mintable with these patterns to reduce the friction. Like Tricia said, basically one of the steps, another step that we sort of have installed is also something called the mintable Twitter masterclass. So, like, you know, Twitter spaces is a good. Good way for people to engage with each other. So in terms of, like, questions and things like that, Trisha will be taking the helm in that and, like, planning out, like, what kind of maybe topics. For example, people have concerns on security on, like, what if I store, like, my personal credit card data and stuff like that on. In the blockchain? Would it get hacked? If that happens, what can I actually do? Because, I mean, like, there's been so many scams going on as well. So. Yeah, yeah. We need to rethink how we can actually strategize our education in terms of, like, the editorial, in terms of our content, our guides, and make it a lot more fluid in a sense for our users. Yeah. So that's that, I think.
Speaker D: Yeah, well, we have is quite comprehensive. So our editorial site actually, at the moment, what we've got is we've got a bunch, we have a series of different articles. So we have a NFT basic series that starts from what is blockchain, what is an NFT, what is a smart contract, all of that to. We have a creator's one on one series that really holds your hand through the minting process, through setting up a wallet. We have the same thing for collectors. And then we have more advanced topics that talk about, you know, things like fractionalization and, you know, other areas that people can delve into. So, you know, it's really structured in a way that, you know, it sort of takes you on the journey from being a beginner to then understanding more advanced topics and really getting down into the weeds and doing like step by step tutorials where we have to. And. Yeah, on the Twitter spaces. So yeah, the first one would be at the end of this month on Web three security. So we have someone from borrowing security now we have wallet guard, which is a browser extension, who will be on the panel, on a panel. And we're going to do these like recurring educational spaces with an expert panel on each topic so that, you know, people maybe in, in the NFT ecosystem system with a bit more expertise in that particular area can come and share their knowledge with our audience, too.
Speaker A: Very cool. So let's get into, you know, the details of what mintable is and its features here so people can know, you know, kind of what they're getting into when they, when they're making their way over to mintable. So either, I guess, Tricia or Chris, whoever wants to take this, tell us about what mintable is as a platform, obviously marketplace. But what else do you have here? Because you have some really unique stuff.
Speaker D: So, yeah, mintable is an NFC marketplace. We are an open marketplace and an aggregator. So basically we aggregate everything on Ethereum. So as soon as something is minted, it appears in our marketplace. We also have the layer two solution, immutable x, that we also aggregate. So everything, everything you're looking for is there basically. I think our best offering would be our gasless minting, actually, which we're looking at right now. So we're the only company in the entire industry that has a gasless minting solution with this. Different from lazy minting, it is properly gasless. So you mince ERC 721s onto Ethereum without paying gas. Yeah.
Speaker A: So, you know, I think that's mainnet, right? You're actually minting those to Mainnet Caslis?
Speaker D: Yes, exactly.
Speaker C: Is mintable paying the transaction fee?
Speaker D: No, we don't. So actually our founder, Zach, he is an Ethereum dev, who, he contributed to the development of the ERC 721 standard, actually, and he's one of the co authors of the ERC 29 81, which is the royalty standard for nfts. So he's one of like the OG pioneers of nfts and he sort of figured out this clever way in the smart contract. So we have like a gasless store contract that all the gasless nfts are minted to, which is a cool little workaround, paying gas fees. Basically it mints without actually submitting a transaction and that's how we avoid the gas fees. So, yeah, you know, minting without gas. I mean, I guess what we've realized is for a lot of creators, actually, it doesn't really matter whether it is truly gasless or if it's lazy minting, because if you're minting to sell your work, either way, whoever is buying it's going to have to pay the gas fee. So whether it's a deferred gas fee or whether it's just no gas fee at all and they're just paying for the transaction, it's essentially the same where this technology actually has good value is in, you know, in business applications. So a lot of businesses, especially web two businesses that want to come into web three, they want to be able to have an NFT strategy. They want to use nfts for promotional or marketing purposes. So, you know, being like giving out nfts for free. But the thing is, you can't really give out nfts for free. Free. You can't mint at scale and then give out these nfts because the cost is just too much. And this is where true gasless minting actually has some value. So recently at NFT NYC, we kind of did our product demo. So we have a b two b arm of the company that provides this gasless minting as a service to businesses where instead of paying gas fees, you just pay us a dollar or two per NFT that we mint for you gaslessly. And we actually demonstrated this product at NFT NYC this year. So we launched these claimable nfcs. So basically we were announcing our new rebranding as well as our new partnership with Mastercard that would make NFC purchases really easy. Basically, you can just buy it with Mastercard the same way you buy anything else with Mastercard online. And to announce this, we allowed people to claim these nfts that they could use to then redeem a free slice of pizza. So these how the user journey worked for that is you see a QR code, you scan it with your phone, you log in with Google or Facebook and then you can connect your metamask. Or we create a custodial wallet for you and you get your NFT. So basically, you know, we were able to mint nfts at scale to give out to people. People were able to claim it without spending any crypto, spending any money or even setting up their own wallet. And as a result of that, we were able to onboard hundreds of new people onto our platform with no friction.
Speaker A: Very cool. I actually, it's funny, the project that I referring to before I actually spoke to Zach when we were first, we were first building or starting to build and he actually in depth explained to me all of how the gasless minting works and I could not repeat a single line of it. He's a smart dude and I like he, but he went pretty in depth with me about how it worked and I still could not repeat it.
Speaker D: I'm surprised. He's a pretty closely valid secret.
Speaker A: Well, you know, at the time he was trying to, you know, win me over, I think. But, but it was a great, it was a great conversation. And like, you really start to see kind of like what you're saying, Tricia, about, you know, this use case at scale. What is is where that's super interesting from either a corporate standpoint or a web two company or, you know, something like, or even like a game right where you're potentially minting a ton of nfts or, or, you know, Chris, like you said earlier, just if you're an artist that is maybe newer, you're not a established and you need to, you know, mint your work in a cost effective way. So I think, you know, this particular function works really well from, you know, an independent up and coming artist standpoint. Is that something that you've seen personally with this platform, Chris?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, like there's a lot of use cases that we can actually go with like, you know, guesses, men thing, especially when you can see save a lot of money as well because like, I think, you know, the implementation, like, you know, how, how we can actually fully utilize this not just to sell art, but maybe just like, you know, for a musician's point of view, if like you want to use this as your ticketing method on how you want to implement. Yeah, I mean, like, you know, like this, this things that, you know, like as an artist, just imagine if you're just going into a, going through the scene and after people have collected your nfts and then as you grow and if they actually become popular in the future, you know, like, at least they agree. Oh, hey, I've put my mark in this technology with my music. So, you know, there's a lot of things because, you know, as an artist, a musician, you know, like even a videographer, you know, I'm like this, this, this a lot of use cases for, for artists, our creatives as a whole, to actually use nfts and using it as having, having that lever, leveraging on, you know, like a more cheaper, you know, more, it's affordable, you know, platform. It's definitely going to benefit you in a very, in a very long run.
Speaker A: Yeah, I agree, des. I feel like gasless minting blew your mind.
Speaker C: Well, yeah, because I mean, obviously I've heard of it on layer two and things like immutable x and stuff like that, but, yeah, very rare. Do you see it on mainnet? So that's cool. But I mean, it makes sense that you have such an amazing dev who has a rich history in web three and nfts. So.
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah, I mean, like, mainnet is sort of where, where it's needed, you know, I mean, it's, it's the most secure, the most popular chain network at the moment. And honestly, I think gasless minting, this is what I mean, especially the business use cases where we can help brands mint and give them out. This is how we're going to get the next few million people into NFTs because a lot of people, everyone's at least heard of NFTs at this point, but they're still not onboarded yet because of the hurdles we talked about earlier, you know, but going through brands like, let's say Starbucks, for example, uses, uses, you know, NFTs, they use our gasless minting. They give out a free NFT with every latte, with some cool art, you know, then everybody would just claim it. They don't need crypto, they don't need a web three login. They can just sign in with Google and they get an NFT and, you know, boom. That we have mass adoption.
Speaker A: Gosh, are you pitching buddha? Yeah. What's going on here? If only we knew somebody that was working on a project with Starbucks. But Trisha, you're totally right. Like we. When, you know, that's the project that I've referred to a couple times on the show. And as we're working through, you know, what this looks like, it's. It's very much in that same vein of how do we onboard the next, you know, millions and millions of users. And I've been talking about it. I tweeted this the other day, des, I want to hear your reaction to this analogy. I've been calling them mullet projects. Web, web two in the front, web three in the back. So it's like, you know, business in the front, party in the back. What do you think of that?
Speaker C: You.
Speaker A: You buying or selling term mullet project.
Speaker C: Wait, so you're saying web two is actually in the front and web party is in the back at you?
Speaker A: Okay, so. Right, exactly. Yeah. You gotta give them what they're used to. Yeah, that's right. You gotta give them what?
Speaker C: Did you really come up with that?
Speaker A: I mean, I've never seen it. Have you?
Speaker C: Man, you're getting too good at this stuff. Like, I don't. I told you this earlier. I was like, I texted you earlier this week. I was like, hey, you're actually becoming like, a really valuable resource in the NFT space. You need to slow down.
Speaker A: Sorry, I'll slow down pretty quickly here. Don't worry, people will pass me by very quickly. That's why we do a show for beginners. Cool. In the last couple minutes here, does any other questions before we wrap this up?
Speaker C: No, I was just poking through. It looks awesome. You know, I think the, from an artist's perspective, I think also reducing the friction for people to get out their collections is great. The only thing that we have to, like, solve is a quality issue.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker C: Because when you take down the barriers, we worry about oversupply and quality. And so I think obviously the market's going to police that itself. But I think as we look to onboard new people, we don't want a lot of junk just floating out there because it makes the whole space look bad. So, you know, that's, that's just a fun, like, you know, collective psychology.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's going to be an interesting, interesting balance. What do you. Yeah, Trisha, I can tell you want to jump.
Speaker D: Sorry, I just. It just triggered me, right. Because, you know, we have our guest list store and he's absolutely right. Removing all the barriers means that people just mint whatever, you know, like, there's this guy who like, minted a picture of a rock that looks like a butt and the NFT title was ass rock. And he just, hey, where's the link?
Speaker C: Where's.
Speaker A: Rock sounds good.
Speaker D: That was ages ago. But, but there's just a lot of nonsense on there because there still is, I think, a lot of people who were too caught up in the hype of last year and they think that they can just mint anything and they will earn some money. And I've actually spoken directly to some of these people because actually that's one cool feature we have in the marketplace is we have direct messaging. So, you know, you can negotiate prices, you can talk to the buyers or sellers. Actually, the first ever NFT purchase I made, I fat fingered the decimal point and I had to contact the seller and be like, I'm sorry, please give me my money back. And he did.
Speaker A: He actually good for that person.
Speaker D: Yeah, it was really nice. I was lucky. But if you go to the gases store on mintable, which is where all the gasless minting happens, you'll just see the quality is terrible. No. So if you go to click on browse and arts, you got to click on art from the drop down menu. Sorry. Have a bit of navigation.
Speaker A: Got it.
Speaker D: Mm hmm.
Speaker A: My computer is being slow. Anyway. Keep trying.
Speaker D: So, yeah, this is, if you keep scrolling, this is most, most of these would be gaslift store basically. Actually it's not that bad today.
Speaker A: I mean, I'm just scrolling for.
Speaker D: Yeah. So I've actually messaged some people and I said like, hey, you know, this nft, why did you price it at 20 e? And it's something like, something, some picture of a flower that someone slaps a filter on and they try to sell it for 20 e. And I asked them and they're like, oh. Because I've seen people buying jpegs of rocks for like millions of dollars. So I thought I might as well try. So I think that's where we really need to sort of, we need to reach these people somehow and be like, hey, you know, make a good product. I'm sorry.
Speaker A: No, it's totally true. And I think, like, it's a spectacular point. Like people, and I think this is where we're going to, yeah, like, here you go. Here's a 38th piece of art here from life or called life dream. The, the next wave of this is going to, I think, pollute or like go out of this, you know, buy my random jpeg to things that actually have community and utility built behind them. And so I think you're going to get away from, you know, picture or like, you know, college rule squidward over here, you know, stuff that actually has big community and utility behind it. So I think that's an awesome point that both of you guys, that both of you just made. All right, so while we wrap up here, I just want to make sure that you guys get out any last points that we may have missed. So, Tricia, is there anything that we did not cover that you want to make sure that we leave the folks with at home today?
Speaker D: Well, I'll just say that, you know, if you're new, new to NFTs and you're just beginning your journey, you know, municipal is absolutely the platform for you. We have all the educational resources you need. We are very accessible in discord, in our customer experience team is always online to help you out and we have guestless minting. So, you know, I think a lot of other places, marketplaces, sort of, you know, leave you to sort of fend for yourself, but really here to hold your hand through the process because we're trying to get everybody involved in nfcs. So, yeah, if you're new, come try minsible. And also, you know, what you see on the screen right here. Thank you. We currently have a campaign going where for every NFT purchase, for every one eth, 0.1 eth you spend on an NFT, we'll give you back five USDC. So, you know, that goes up to 100 USDA you can accumulate per month. So, yeah, that's all. Thanks for having me.
Speaker A: Very cool. So where can the people find you online so they can come in and check out the mintable discord and reach you guys for any help.
Speaker D: So our Twitter handle is at mintable app and all our links are on there. Actually, if you go to mintable.com and you scroll all the way to the bottom, all of our socials are in the footer of the website as well.
Speaker A: Let's get there and show the people where to go and then we'll wrap this up. So. Oh, mental.com. cool. Yeah, that's all your socials are down here. So you've got your, let's head out to your Twitter really quickly. So yeah, app is where you can find them and then they've got their discord linked here as well to go. So if you're out there, I would say especially if you're looking to mint your first couple nfts as an artist, this is an awesome option. So definitely check out mintable Tricia, Chris and pipe weed. Thank you so much for joining us. We really appreciate you guys being on and we're looking forward to a having you back in a couple months and talking about what's new at mintable again. So thank you so much for joining us, and thanks for everybody for hanging out today. And until next time, stay mint.
