Speaker A: He's so handsome.
Speaker B: Yeah, this is the perfect dirt line.
Speaker C: Pretty quick. Like, I'm just gonna shave it off.
Speaker A: And do because they're so manly. Such a man. All right, let's start the show.
Speaker B: Yeah. This episode is brought to you by the DGEn community network Media for the decentralized generation. If you want to connect or to check out more great NFT and crypto content, go to dgen.net work. That's dgen.net work.
Speaker C: Hello and welcome to the Mint condition. I am Bunchu, alongside my esteemed colleagues and co host, Chamber. Des Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker A: I'm doing really good, you know?
Speaker C: Really good.
Speaker A: It's Wednesday. You know, it's show day. I get excited. I wake up in the morning on Wednesdays, I'm like, all right, gotta bring my a game today. Got a salad for lunch.
Speaker C: I'm the complete opposite. I'm like, ah, I gotta do this show later. And that's how I think Des gets excited.
Speaker B: I'm with chamber, but it's a 50 50 if I show up or not, so.
Speaker C: Well, that's what I mean. Like, every. Every two weeks, you get excited enough to show up, so. Well, I would like to know if we could get a quick round of applause for showing up today. Des. What is that?
Speaker B: You know what?
Speaker C: I'm.
Speaker B: I have, like, a little. It took me a year and a half, but now I actually have a professional mic stand. As soon as the bear market kicks in, I up the quality of my podcasting.
Speaker A: His voice is unreal.
Speaker C: Sound amazing today?
Speaker A: Yeah, I didn't even notice it until he said Mike, and then I started listening, and it's such a big difference.
Speaker B: Yeah, I have a. I have an actual mic and a little soundboard right here, so hopefully it sounds much better.
Speaker C: The soundboard sounds like we might be listening to it, like, third hand, like, through, correct.
Speaker A: Yeah, I feel like it's going through your mic, but we can. We can work with this, Des. We can work with this, I think.
Speaker C: Can you give us. Can you. Can you give us something to make fun of t row with? Because that would be great. So that's fantastic. T row will not let, uh, chambers, six month old, one bad call.
Speaker A: Okay. I got wooed by. Who was it even. Who was the, uh.
Speaker C: I would be. I could get down for some wood.
Speaker A: Uh, who. Who was the main guy on that project on Pickering?
Speaker C: It was. You were all about pranksy scooping 200 pickaroons.
Speaker A: Mm hmm. I was trying to make big brain plays, and, uh, did not work. Speaking of big. But speaking of big brain plays, I tried to get in on that anti social media. The garbage cans totally got racked on that one. I got you guys all sold.
Speaker C: I have 27 of those.
Speaker A: Yeah, I have ten of them. And it reminds me of. Yeah, just. Just, you know, reminds me of fudders, like, where we were all excited and then just kind of fizzled out.
Speaker C: You still a top flutters holder?
Speaker A: I haven't sold one. Have not sold one.
Speaker C: How many do you have? 150.
Speaker A: Probably over 100.
Speaker C: Wow.
Speaker A: Over 100, for sure. Just wait.
Speaker C: Punter says he's a trash collector and so is t row. I know t row. T row. Came to coffee with Captain yesterday. Or was it this morning? I can't remember. Maybe. I think yesterday with. He, like, straight up brought the whole shtick with him. Like he was at the dump. It was playing, like, trash can or trash truck noises in the back. And then went on, like, an uninterrupted five minute rant in which he said the word trash at no less than 15 to 20 times. That's why I was like, when is Steve and Captain gonna mute him? And then they. And they never did. But it was. It was fantastic. Boshimano says he's out here buying Pixelmon. So that. That's a. That's something. That's something. Look, if you're buying Kevin's, that's a different story. I think Kevin's are going to go down in NFT history as a very unique collectible. They are, you know, Kevin's. Kevin real deal.
Speaker A: I agree. I do think they have a certain.
Speaker C: Do we know what a heritage value. What's the. I was just going to go look. Des, do you any guess on what a Kevin is? While I look, I'm going to say.
Speaker A: What do you think, des?
Speaker B: You know, what was the.
Speaker A: What was the picotop of?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Well, they sold out. They started as a three Dutch. Three east Dutch auction, and then they sold out around like, 1.7 east, and then the whole story came out. So they redid. They actually just redid all their art, but I think they kept Kevin's. Um, I'm gonna. Hold on. Let's see. So you remember what the art came out like, right? Like, here's what they look like now, which actually. They actually look pretty.
Speaker A: Oh, really now?
Speaker C: Pretty good. Yeah, but do you remember what they looked? Yeah, it was so bad. It was so bad. So species, let's go down here. Let's see where we at.
Speaker A: What was the name of this project?
Speaker C: They actually didn't know. Oh, wait, they changed one Kevin? Only one Kevin.
Speaker B: Lack of metadata refresh.
Speaker C: Well, I like how they left the. I like what the new Kevin looks like. Actually looks good. Does it? Four eth, dude, the floor price on Kevin's is 2.95.
Speaker A: I was definitely going to be, like, 1.6 or, like, 0.16. I bet that's what I was going to lie.
Speaker C: I kind of want a Kevin is Pixelmon.
Speaker B: Is it a metaverse or is it a game? Is it.
Speaker C: It was supposed to be a game.
Speaker B: Okay, well, if the game ever launches, you'd have to assume that Kevin is, like, the ultra boss, like, absolute best.
Speaker A: Right?
Speaker C: Maybe Boshimanos can give us some. Some more information here in the chat on. But I actually hope he said they added a website. All right. And with. With the roadmap and everything. Well, good for them with that $72 million. Good for them, getting a website up.
Speaker A: And look at you guys.
Speaker C: Look at you guys. You're a legit project now. I'm not gonna lie to you, though. I actually do want a Kevin. I've always wanted a Kevin. I. The meme is so strong.
Speaker A: I think we should have one in our dao. Maybe we should put that through as a t row.
Speaker C: Literally just said that. So maybe.
Speaker A: Look at that. I would vote yay for that one.
Speaker C: It's. It's going to be one of those, like, historic type of, you know, memes, I think. But I like it. Or. Sorry, ant feck says just tuned in. Thank God we survived the moonbirds call. Let's get into that.
Speaker A: Thank. I fomoed right into an oddity. Immediately. Oddity.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: Immediately.
Speaker C: Let's take a look here at oddities. So, Des, did you get to tune into this call at all?
Speaker B: No, I didn't, but so we're gonna get into it. Prices holding, you know, holding.
Speaker C: We went. It went bonkers. There was like 87 sales during the call of oddities. Like, look at all these.
Speaker B: So I guess for those who maybe didn't turn in, tune in and including myself, what is the big deal of oddities versus moonbirds? Because the moonbird seems to be holding.
Speaker C: Let's get into it. Let's get into it right now, because our good friend NfT bark listened to the entire thing and then wrote a nice little thread for us to listen to. So he shout out to Steve, go hit up this tweet. Give it some love, because he, he did a good job on it. And there's a lot of great detail. Make sure.
Speaker A: Make sure we push his thread tweets as opposed to his selfie tweets because we want to make sure we get them to focus in on the non picture tweets because I have to look at Steve one more time on my timeline. I don't know what I'm going to do. So, yes, push the thread tweets that we like. Those ones. Those ones are good.
Speaker C: All right, so I agree. Let's get into it here. So it says you just got off the moonbirds. Proof call or the proof call. Future proof. Here's some things he noticed. There are 16 tweets here off the rip. They set the stage by acknowledging the elephant in the room, that the CCO announcement was crap, which. That's great. He says he felt that it was authentic, set the tone nicely. High rise. This was interesting. So Steve was excited about high rise. It's going to be an all in one web three platform of sorts, with info, resources, social component, and the product can eventually be expanded to other web three communities. So this goes kind of a little bit into the theory that it was going to kind of always be a bit of a discord competitor. And then it went, they went on to say that we get to help test the product and iterate on it, which is kind of cool. He, he likened it here to kind of being in for those other side test runs and things like that. Moonbirds. The team audibly perked up when moonbirds came up and mentioned big plans. So don't forget, the context of this is that there is some major, major stuff coming on the 30th, I believe, and, and because. Right. And because of kind of the backlash that they've gotten in the last couple weeks here with oddities and the CC zero stuff, they kind of put this as like a preview of that to kind of, I mean, let's not beat around the bush to kind of stop the bleeding.
Speaker A: A little announcement of an announcement.
Speaker C: Right. And so that's kind of what a lot of this actually is. So we, we got a lot of things touched on, but I, you know, there's still details to come, but, so they mentioned big plans in addition to the dow, and they're reiterating they want to make them part of a culture moving forward, like punks and apes. The reason why birds nest, they sit on their nest because they hatch things. Interesting. Nesting has been a theme, or was a theme on the call. They hinted at big things tied to nesting and perhaps will affect the fungible token distribution, which we've seen pretty much confirmed that there's going to be a token in the future it's probably a long way away, but they've already kind of confirmed that. Way back in the day, they were.
Speaker A: Reiterating that in the spaces as well, too. I was listening to.
Speaker C: Yeah, you were listening to the Ryan Carson spaces after. Yeah, there. That was a pretty good space going on. They are looking to expand moonbirds into the zeitgeist, trying to hit big cultural moments with big blant brands without revealing too much. It seems like they're pounding the pavement for the burbs in pop culture. Sounds like they're going to leverage their network with the Dow and hiring resources to ensure success with community proposals, things like that. Oddities. This was. This was the big winner of the call. So here you go, Des oddities. Perhaps the biggest winner of the call. First, oddities will be deflationary, likely with the opportunity to burn one for something special in the proof ecosystem. They confirmed that Gremplin was totally down with the idea. Second, the team committed to building some sort of lore and utility around oddities. And there will be things that exist just for oddities, as there are for proof and moonbirds. Steve is glad to have two oddities. Then there's some more proof stuff. Proof members can expect ten events per year, meaning once a month there will be a grail drop or some sort of other benefit. Wow, that's pretty good.
Speaker A: That's crazy.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's pretty good. The team, more proof teams ramping up in the art department to find the right partnerships, also looking for up and coming artists, blah, blah, blah, community expansion. So that's basically the crux of what was talked about today. What are your thoughts here, Des, as somebody who was kind of, you know, spot on with your call a couple weeks ago about, you know, moonbirds and proof and things like that, what do you think it's coming out of today?
Speaker B: I mean, sounds like they got a lot of stuff going on. Sounds like they're building a legit empire. And, you know, this is the kind of moves that I'd expect them to do. It is funny that they said that there'd be big things coming with nesting because I feel like when all the shit was falling down, I feel like they were like, hey, don't expect too much from nesting. You know, this is. This is just supposed to be something cool. And so if they. If they didn't about face and said big things were coming for nesting, I think that's a little weird.
Speaker C: But I think there, there could be a potential nuance there in the term nesting rewards versus maybe your overall just nesting. Yeah. So, like, for example, you know, nesting rewards at silver nest could be a fanny pack in socks. However, when the token comes out, your total time nested, I, or current nesting streak could have something to do with distribution. I think those are two different and worthy things to make a delineation on. No?
Speaker B: Sure.
Speaker C: So oddities pumped. They went like, they. The floor doubled on them. So pretty crazy. Moonbirds held pretty steady. There wasn't very many or much activity there. I am looking right now, it looks like 12.2 is still the floor. There's only been how many sales since the call or during the call?
Speaker A: Yeah, right.
Speaker C: The call is at 01:00 p.m. so 3 hours ago, there was 1234-5678 sales in the last 3 hours.
Speaker A: I feel there's like 15 to 20 less listings, though, too.
Speaker C: So maybe that's actually a good thing to bring up. Let me see if I can actually find that while you're talking. But that's a good metric there.
Speaker A: So, like, even if you're not selling, if you're just delisting a bird, that's not a bad. Not a bad thing either. I was. Were you guys thinking, do you. Do you think boom, birds will hit, like, a single digit? Like, are we gonna hit, like, see, like, a 9.9?
Speaker C: I don't know. What do you think, Destin?
Speaker B: I mean, I just can't. I mean, no, no doubt it's obviously taken hit in the past two weeks, but I just can't see it getting much lower, given the fact that they have future proof coming up at the end of this month. Like, I feel like if anything, it's going to hold fairly steady or maybe even climb. You know, I think if the sentiment is positive after this, spaces, which I pretty sure a lot of people banked on it being negative as it's been for, like, the last re announcements. You know, I. I think there's a good shot that it goes to maybe 15 a couple days before future proof.
Speaker C: It actually looks like the listings went up.
Speaker A: Oh, really?
Speaker C: Yeah. Over the last 24 hours, they've gone up. It was 166 listed to 172. So not much. So pretty. Pretty stagnant on that, but, uh, that. But that's still a good thing. Even if people weren't piling into buy, uh, the fact that listings only crept up marginally, you know, is. Is a good thing, I think. Yeah, right. Uh, Bosimano, would you rather have eight oddities or one moonbird? That's a good question. What do you think, chamber one odd or one moon bird or eight oddities?
Speaker A: I think, like, one moonbird. I think I still feel good about that. A nested moonbird is probably worth more than eight oddities. I mean, you can't have enough fanny packs. That's what I've come to the conclusion.
Speaker C: What about you, Des? Same.
Speaker B: I'm going to go with chamber on this one, I think. Yeah, actually, I think depending on how they gate access to everything they're building, in future proof, I'd have to assume it start with a moonbird rather than, you know, any.
Speaker A: Have you guys sold any of your moonbirds yet?
Speaker B: Oh, I sold all of them.
Speaker C: I sold one.
Speaker A: I haven't sold one yet.
Speaker C: How many did you, when did you sell, Des?
Speaker B: About three weeks ago.
Speaker C: Okay, so you got out somewhere in the 20.
Speaker B: Average of my sale was like 29.
Speaker A: Oh, that's good.
Speaker B: Yeah. But I did have, I had some premium ones, so that's good.
Speaker A: I was thinking about the other day. I felt bad for a moment. Like just selling top, like, you know, selling tops. And I remembered I sold three Azuki's for an average of 30 eth each. I was looking at Azuki's the other day. I'm like, ooh, that one was tough for a lot of people. But I'm like, I got out of that one right at the tippy top.
Speaker C: Man, that's an impressive one because Suzuki's right now are like eight maybe crazy.
Speaker B: I mean, compared to everything else right now. They're not crazy bad, but, man, they.
Speaker A: But they, they had a bad news day.
Speaker B: Spirals, I think recent history.
Speaker C: I mean, they're 6.8. That's pretty bad.
Speaker B: Hey, look at clone X. Look at doodles. Doodles actually had a little bump up today. But, man, they did.
Speaker A: I did. I hear cool cats was like at.
Speaker B: Like two cool cats got low two, I think, for, um.
Speaker C: Yeah, well, I mean, let's look at some of these floors. We got apes at 77, so apes now under 80. Does that surprise you at all?
Speaker A: Where was the top floor for them? Was it a 100, 2140 ish? Whoa, really?
Speaker C: Aye, somewhere, I think 144 something. Right like that.
Speaker A: Interesting.
Speaker C: Mutants got to 40 eth almost. Or 35 eth.
Speaker B: That's crazy.
Speaker C: Yeah. And, uh, so they're at 13.33 right now. Doodles at 7.8. Other deeds just keep dropping. The problem with other deeds is just there's too many of them. Like that's, that's the issue. Like they've so far knocked everything out of the park with that. But there's just too many and not enough buyers and people are looking for liquid. And that's. That's that. Um, yeah, look, oddities up 76%. Uh, so they. They hit bumped real hard. Clone x, are you still holding a pretty big clone x bag?
Speaker B: It's much smaller, but, yeah, I mean, it's one of my bigger bags for sure.
Speaker C: Yeah. Zuki dead goblins down to 1.2. That's a pretty big dip. V friends down to 5.68. Crypto dick butts holding strong. They are now. Yeah, they are now a multiple of a cool cat. You can get point. Get. .7 crypto dick butts with a cool cat these days. Mfers down to under an eth. I mean, it's rough out there. What's your des. What's your advice to anybody out there now that may be watching this and starting to either panic or watch their bags draw down and things like that? What is your advice to those folks?
Speaker B: Uh, yeah, I mean, it's. Listen, it's. It's crazy. I mean, we're. We're looking at this, and you can say that things are down, but, man, when you look at, like, a USD chart, it's just. It's incredible, um, to see the differences. So, I mean, I. It's really hard. I I sympathize for all those people that are really down bad and invested in a place where they didn't actually have the means to do it. You know, it's a. It's looked at as a gold rush, and I feel bad for those people that packed up everything and headed as. As the gold rush was ending. So it's. It's a tough thing. I. My biggest. You know, my. I guess my biggest piece of advice is, if you don't need the liquidity, and this goes to a bigger conversation, you know, are NFTs at a place where they're kind of bottoming out, where they might be a decent longer term alternative investment? Because I think through all the talk.
Speaker C: Chamber chambers face says, absolutely not. Good. Okay, go ahead.
Speaker B: I'll justify it. But because I don't think NFTs are just going to be a fad. We talked about that happened through Covid, and that was it. For one, they aren't, because they were alive in 2017, they came back in 2021. It'd be ridiculous to say that this is the NF, end of NFTs and that they won't have a rebirth sometime down the line. So it's one of those things. If you don't need the liquidity right now, I'm not saying it's not going to go down further, but, you know, there's a good chance that it'll rebound in the longer term future. So I still think we talk about it a lot. Historical NFTs is where I would try to move if you want to use Kevin's, you know, things that have really big cultural ties. So I don't know.
Speaker A: Kevin, financial advice?
Speaker B: There's no advice I can give for this market right now. Come on. Now.
Speaker C: With you. I think you're fundamentally, you're definitely right about nfTs. As in. As in, like, they're not going away. They are a technology that we will be adopting into our lives for the next 10, 20, 30 years and beyond. I don't know if that means that these types of prices that we saw are justified and will continue or even rebound. That's. It's. It's. It's tough to think like, you know, it feels like there's a rush to the exit a little bit. And, you know, it's hard to see if, let's put it this way, if. If ETH is. If ETH goes to ten k, what happens to the floors of these projects? Right? Like, do you're telling me that a moonbird is then worth, you know, 150k all of a sudden? Because it's all day long, ten k eth and at a 15 price point. I don't know. Like. And. But I do think that there's a greater chance that ETH goes to ten k then a lot of these projects rebound to a place where we saw them at prior will actually have like.
Speaker B: A big divergence of. Because for right now they've run fairly in parallel. Right?
Speaker A: Yeah, pretty parallel.
Speaker B: Am I rugging or is bunchy rugging?
Speaker C: No, it was me. Sorry, I'm back. What did you say? Sorry.
Speaker B: Well, just because these bear and bull runs have pretty much coincided between NFTs and Ethereum. So now you think we might have a divergence where ETH potentially goes up as we get towards merge and NFts just keep going down because traditionally that hasn't happened that much.
Speaker A: See, I think, honestly, I think it's not necessarily nfts that are going to be like disconnecting from crypto. I think it's the nfts that are currently out. I think what you have to watch out for are the new nfts. That's what you need to be flexible for. What's the new NFT? Honestly, I'm just looking at the list now. There's nothing, you know, crypto punks unfortunately, I'm gonna pump yuga bags, but like anything from Yuga is probably. Okay, well, hold up.
Speaker B: So I asked about this before the show started. I tuned in for 30 minutes. I tuned in 30 minutes to that bored ape celebration and I got nostalgic a little bit and it was fun talking about like launch time and what happened to where now there's controversy around that space. What?
Speaker A: I think there was just some bitch and happening.
Speaker C: I think, I think people expected there to be some big announcement and there was. And like it was not supposed to.
Speaker B: Be that like did a decent job actually at setting the stage that this wouldn't be a big deal.
Speaker C: Well, that was kind of the point, right? It was. It basically, they basically said, hey, this is going to be a chat and we're going to sell.
Speaker A: Right. Because we hit a million followers. Right? Like that's it. But yeah, so it's just, you know.
Speaker C: T ro wants to know what happened to your morals, pumping yuga bags like that.
Speaker A: I don't know if you're going to purchase something at a discount in the hopes that it rebounds. Stuff like, you know, mostly most of the things from Yuga, you know, your mutants, your apes, your punks. I'm not sure about kennel club stuff.
Speaker B: Under ten eth, what you buying on that list?
Speaker C: Oh, okay. Under ten eth, what are you buying on the list? We just went through?
Speaker B: Yeah, just, you know.
Speaker C: Okay, so under ten, are you buying then a doodle, other deeds, oddities, clone X. Kennels maybe. Maybe a kennel.
Speaker A: I'm not a sold on kennel. I would say maybe clone X.
Speaker C: Well, I only say kennel because we have a specific mecha dog. Yes, exactly. We have a specific action item on the roadmap designed for. Designed for dogs. Right. So like, yeah, that might be my, that might be my play chamber. Where. What say you?
Speaker A: Honestly, like there's nothing on here under.
Speaker B: Ten I've steadily seen.
Speaker A: You got to be in that. You got to be in the war room a lot more.
Speaker B: That now they've bossed them to these like semi broken trees. What the heck is they keep going up?
Speaker A: I have no idea. They go up potatoes.
Speaker B: Only potatoes.
Speaker A: Yeah, I have no idea what they are. I know a bunch of our DGN friends talk about them and enjoy the potatoes, but I have no idea what they are.
Speaker C: Phonics can tell us what the potatoes are in the chat. Phonics can tell us. Boshimano's star of the show today. He thinks the event is priced in for the dogs. He might not be wrong there.
Speaker B: We got up to ten, right? Like a crazy birth. Took it to.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think you're right there. Um. Yeah, I don't know. Maybe a doodle. I like doodles. I've always wanted a doodle. Um, I can see them being a big brand, uh, in the future. I don't know if that. But again, I don't know if that means that doodles will see a rise back to 17. Ethere.
Speaker B: Someone was saying that doodles Twitter hasn't, like, tweeted something in a month.
Speaker A: Was that true?
Speaker C: Oh, I think it is true.
Speaker A: That's rough.
Speaker B: You can't do that. That's absolutely nuts.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's.
Speaker A: No, I honestly think, like, I think the move is just to, like, have some ether. You know, we'll say ethereum for the time being, but, like, just wait. There'll be something. I think, like, once things start to turn around, that, you know, gets built, you know what I mean? That kind of snowballs from the past, stuff we've done. Like, better stuff, nft wise, that I think there'll be opportunity in. I just. I honestly think, like, it just reminds me of all coins. I know, like, people were upset the other day about comparing all coins and NfT people. I think. I think that was a thing.
Speaker C: It was. It was Kobe who said, but it's.
Speaker A: It's very true. Like, there's. There's a ton of, like, you know, all can hear me.
Speaker B: Yeah, you're rubbing a little bit. You're frozen on my screen, but, yeah.
Speaker C: Chambers rocking. For me, the Kansas brings up a.
Speaker B: Good point about doodles because doodles would be the one that I had the most. But, you know, they are about to probably release sometime pretty soon the details on doodles two and duplicators and all that stuff. So I don't know if the demand out there supports adding that many tokens to the system right now, but.
Speaker C: Good point, I think there. So, like, he also said that was interesting from before. Wasn't. Isn't the narrative that there's literally, like, 10,000 people in NFTs right now? And I think that is true. We're seeing, like, some kind of all time low of trading volume, and trading volume is low, and trading participants are super low.
Speaker B: You know what's interesting? The concept that I've been thinking about during, you know, as we get down to less and less people being active in nfts, there aren't many projects that really, truly reward. And I'm not going to go on to. To, like, what the utility is but just any utility in general that reward people for holding multiples, like truly holding multiples. So I feel like everyone is kind of gotten down to, well, if I have one moonbird, if I have one piece of yuga, then I'm good, then I'm in. And that's when we reducing the amount of active people, like when doodles comes out with a whole new series, if they incentivize people that if you own five doodle twos or whatever, you can trade them in or you can get a special piece of utility, then I feel like even with this small crowd of active NFT users, we could see a little bit of a bull run in that sense. But I feel like so many projects are basically just own one of our tokens, first tier, second tier, Genesis, second, whatever. And you're basically in.
Speaker C: That's interesting. I think you're probably right there. What, so, like, what, you know, what are some things you've thought of in terms of how you could, how a project could potentially do that? Like what? What? Because then, then you'll have people, you'll.
Speaker B: Have as an example, right. Instead of allocating the location. And. And the hypothesis is that the location matters. Maybe it doesn't, but let's say that the location matters. Like closer to the inner circle gets something right instead of doing it. Completely random happenstance based on your number or whatever. What if the more other deeds you owned, like you inched your way towards the inner circle? I think that would be like, kind of a cool thing is like, you can surpass other people and get closer. I don't know, that's just like an, a quick example that comes to mind, but just something that holding multiples affects your ecosystem.
Speaker C: Yeah, I like that. I think it's super cool. I think that it is something that we'll probably see as these projects evolve, because, you know, there's just going to be more and more supply more and more projects and you have to have a way to keep or to gain and garner people's attention and reward them for participating, I think. Right. So I think you're spot on there. Power broker says the next wave of influencers will come from this bear market. That's always how it works. No joke. That's how it works for, worked for crypto in 20, you know, 17 2018 or whenever that bear market was. 2018, 2019. And that's how it'll be here. People who stick around and build are going to become, you know, the experts and the models for the next time around. And that's so. And they. And as it should, those are the people that should be, you know, you can't just be these fly by night people that come in when things are good. You miss out on that.
Speaker B: I recently went down to my local pub and placed a bet with my bookie and I got pretty good odds. It's 800 to one bunch. Who has more followers than pranksy during the next bull cycle?
Speaker C: 800 to 100 to one. I took it.
Speaker B: And I'm honestly, I'm pretty happy with those odds because I think.
Speaker C: I don't. I mean, 800 to one is pretty good odds. I would take it. I still would bet against that, though. I would bet against that. Just wait for my. My keynote.
Speaker B: You understand when your face is on every single Starbucks cup, what that's going to do for your image? Like, when your face is next to the QR code to scan for your Starbucks. NFT. Like, that's going to do a lot for you, but.
Speaker C: Bunch of the barista making an appearance at Starbucks near you.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah.
Speaker C: I can't wait to talk about all the Starbucks stuff. I mean, coming details coming fairly soon, a couple weeks on kind of what the big grand vision is going to be. Um, yeah, that'll be fun. I'll get to chat all about it and everybody can make fun of it and blame it all on me. That's exactly what will happen. So it des. It'll either be like this massive, upcoming, uh, like, come up, or I will just be the scapegoat for everything.
Speaker B: Hey, no press is bad press, right?
Speaker C: Yeah, that's right.
Speaker B: You're more followers than pranksy, infamously. And that'll. I mean, thanks.
Speaker C: You're the. You're the asshole behind Starbucks chamber. We got you back.
Speaker A: What's, uh, what's Starbucks?
Speaker C: I don't know. You only have Tim Horton.
Speaker A: Oh, that's a big deal. That's a big deal. What do they got for timbits over? What's their timbits equivalent over there?
Speaker B: Egg dish. Little eggs.
Speaker A: Feed egg.
Speaker C: Should we, uh, should we get into a little defend that tweet?
Speaker B: Someone did ask, though, just quickly, something before I lose track of it. Someone did ask. When is Mister AJt Alexander Taub joining our.
Speaker C: So he was supposed to. He was supposed to join today and had a conflict. And so we rescheduled for the 31st. So two weeks from today, today, AJT will be on talking gobs and upstream and all that wonderful stuff.
Speaker B: So it's such a flex to have your three initial moniker on Twitter. It's just that I know, it's so good.
Speaker C: It's so good. It's good. I can't even get just bunch you.
Speaker A: Like, oh, I had to hyphenate mine. Come on. Like, are you kidding me? I could even get chamber wrecked. Yeah, no, it's very upsetting. I wish.
Speaker C: I wish that you changed yours. Right, des? Yeah.
Speaker A: Oh. Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: As a temporary measure. I don't know what the heck I'm doing. Honestly, I regret it probably, but who cares?
Speaker C: You, you know, you had a good one. That was like a nice ensuring it's.
Speaker A: Better than the one you have now, for sure. I would say, say, all right, maybe.
Speaker C: I'll switch it back.
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker A: Too much capitalizing in the, in the new one.
Speaker B: Okay, you know what?
Speaker A: Maybe I'll defensive to the eyes.
Speaker B: Maybe that's why we're in a bull. Maybe that's why we're in a bit.
Speaker A: I think that is the reason.
Speaker C: All right, we're getting into defense.
Speaker A: Is not back more. Hey, just get our energy going at the defensive end.
Speaker B: We playing defense.
Speaker C: All right, Chamber, I got two for you today.
Speaker A: I'm so excited. I don't know what they are. I know I've been eating on a bunch of stuff lately.
Speaker C: This one is not much of a defend more. So I just need you to tell the story behind it.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: All right. This was from August 13. So a couple days ago at 06:32 p.m. it got nine likes. I was one of them. Solid. Yeah. And it says, just had to delete my greatest tweet ever.
Speaker A: I did. I did. Um, I can't get into, I can't get into specifics about it, but I had a tweet that I thought was. And I'm like, but it was close to the edge. I would say it involves some chamber. It involves some topics that maybe people might find offensive, but I I do like to skate that line. And I said, I need a barometer. So I tweeted it. Like, I made the tweet, and then I screen grabbed it and I sent it to bunch, and I said, is this too much? And he said, what did he say? I'll tell you exactly what he said.
Speaker C: Saturday at 630 on the dot, you sent me a screenshot. You just said, too much, question mark. I died laughing. I said, haha. Yes, but fucking incredible. And you said, yes, too much. And I said, yes, too much. And, okay, as long as I got.
Speaker A: One, as long as I made bunch laugh, I feel like that was the majority of the laughs I wanted to get anyways, it was.
Speaker C: It was an incredible tweet. It was. It was both.
Speaker B: What boundary did you. I don't want the content.
Speaker C: So there's two. There was two. Right?
Speaker A: There is two.
Speaker C: There was two boundaries of this tweet. One, an extremely sensitive and controversial topic to joke about. Yes. And to an extremely sensitive and controversial individual that he was poking fun at.
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker C: So I think a double edged sword. The combination of the two was just. And you know what? Talk about engagement farming. Quite honestly, that's what the tweet was about.
Speaker A: That was, that was. That. That was absolutely the. The essence of the tweet was. Was engagement farming. Yeah, but, yeah, that's funny. Yes, it was. It's fun. It was funny. And I, in my heart, I knew it was too much. I knew what I know when I'm screen grabbing and sending it to you. I know in my heart that I can't. Yeah, I know.
Speaker B: So, yeah, one laugh. You got your one laugh.
Speaker A: We got the laugh. We got to use it as a defend that tweet without even having to tweet it out.
Speaker C: So when this win, now this one is a defend that tweet because we saw this. We saw this happen. I guess yesterday was. What was it? Where it was. Started going around Twitter pretty heavily. Chamber comes out with a people out here clout chasing with screenshots of when they joined the BAYC discord. Yuck. Yeah, that was yesterday or. Yeah, no, that was last night or. Yeah, at 01:00 a.m. one a. Yeah.
Speaker A: Sweets, those are always good.
Speaker C: It got four likes now. It was liked by boots boy. And these, these couples, some random people.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's exciting.
Speaker C: So defend that tweet.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, like, after the bitching that was happening in the spaces, the board ape spaces, all I saw, I don't know what your timelines, but my timeline was just full of people, like, screen grabbing, like, when they entered the bored ape discord and be like, oh, you know, I've been here for a while, or like, you know, and I just thought it was gross.
Speaker C: Why is it gross? So I guess that's what I need to know. What. What is gross about it?
Speaker A: I don't know. Like, we get, like, obviously, I don't know. It's. We. You know, you, these people, I think all had apes, you know? So not only do they have apes, they can. They can brag about that. It's fine. You know, it's smart. Big brain moves. You kept your ape, but, like, do you have to even, like, you have to go on top of that and be like, oh, I've been in since April of 2021, you know, I don't know. It just seems gross. Like, you know, I always got good advice from my dad growing up. It's like, you know, act like you've been there before. You know what I mean? I always. I always think that's good advice. So, like, just be chill, man. Like, just. Just relaxed. You can be cool. People know. People know you got an ape. People know. You've been there for a while. You don't need to. You don't need to tell people. So that was, that was my. I don't know who it was. There was a bunch. Yeah. Thank you. I like, I like when people are with me.
Speaker C: Yeah. Des, what's your take on chambers take here that we need the take on the take.
Speaker B: I can't believe people reflects in that, but, yeah, no, that should have been.
Speaker A: If anybody should reflect, should have been Dezdev. That was. Oh, gee.
Speaker B: Yeah. Should I go find my screenshot when.
Speaker C: I'm pretty sure what would be. What would be your biggest discord flex? If you like, what's your biggest version of that? Because I know mine.
Speaker B: You saw mine get shown to my face and then watch my face drop.
Speaker C: I don't remember what you refer when.
Speaker B: We were interviewed at that. Bored apes.com.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: What I had posted to the discord on.
Speaker C: That's right. So it was also ape related. You, for, for the people listening at home with Des and I at NFT NYC were interviewed for Wags bored Ape documentary. And during the interview, we didn't know what they were going to ask us. And we were sitting on the casting couch together as, as two dudes do. And the. He takes his iPad and he shows it to him almost like a gotcha moment. And he's like, hey, Des, do you remember this? And he turns it to him and it's. It's a screenshot of Des in the bored ape discord flexing his, like, 30 apes that he really. And. And they were like, some of, like, they were. They were some primo apes. I mean, the licensing deals that you would have at this point are just. But that was. Yeah, that's good. The mine. Mine is. I was the first ever. First ever message in the goats discord.
Speaker A: Oh, really?
Speaker C: First ever?
Speaker A: I don't think I have a discord flex.
Speaker C: Yeah, you're not even.
Speaker A: I was number one in the DJ. I was. I was number one at one point. Early days. And then now I'm like, 42. I might not even be top 50.
Speaker C: Go check your rank in there. We could talk djen in a second, but go. Go jump in there right now. I want to see your rank.
Speaker A: All right. My rank? Oh, this is gonna hurt my feelings. What do you guys think? What do you. What do you think the number is?
Speaker C: I know that I'm number one.
Speaker A: You know you're number one? Wow.
Speaker C: I am. I am number one. It was. It went back and forth with me and JP Kaz for a little bit, but I have reclaimed. I've reclaimed my number one spot. Unless JP is gonna.
Speaker A: How do you even check it again? What's the command?
Speaker C: It's just exclamation point. Rank. You don't even know you're on.
Speaker A: Embarrassing. It is, yeah.
Speaker C: Chamber is number 18.
Speaker A: That's not bad.
Speaker C: It's way better than I thought.
Speaker A: That's way better.
Speaker C: I thought it was good. You're a DJ founder. That's pretty poor.
Speaker A: It's okay. My. My ability to type or speak or read is very poor, too, so I.
Speaker C: Don'T even think Des has a rank. Des is unranked in the DJ and disc.
Speaker A: JP's number three.
Speaker C: Yeah, JP is number three. I think phonics jumped to number two. Now we've started the chain. You still outrank t row. He's number 38.
Speaker A: That's too bad.
Speaker C: And he even had the gall to flex here in the chat. Oh, Jayu is number four. Missiles number seven chamber. This is probably a good transition to talk a little bit about. What's the going on at Djen? Do you want to. Want to chat about it?
Speaker A: No better person to talk than me about things I don't know about. No, we have. I don't know. I put a link in the show notes. I'm not sure if it's still even viable anymore. But we do have our degenesis token. We're going to be token gating the entire discord, as we've discussed, you know, ad nauseam for the past few months now. When do we have the. When is the mint happening? The. 10 September?
Speaker C: September 7.
Speaker A: Oh, I was right close on that one. Not the 10th, the 7th, which is much better. It's three days sooner than that. But yeah, that will be happening. You can join via prement. I think is the. Is the link I dropped in in the show notes. But what do you get, Bunch? Why do people want this? I mean, I want one just because I want to be cool like the rest of the people. But what's the actual reason I want this?
Speaker C: I mean, there, if you've ever been in the war room, you know that it's one of the top spots all. It's an all you can eat buffet of everything. Djen and NFT tease. Right. So you've got all of our content plus all the war room with the war room is, is worth the price of admission of itself. But, you know, it, I think the biggest thing that it helps people with is time and information, which are two of the biggest things to navigate in this space. And, you know, it's funny, we actually took a poll of all of our users and the number one, the number one struggle, the question was, what's your biggest struggle in web three? And the answer was time. And I think the degen discord helps you save time, find information and learn things. I would say that's the biggest things you're going to get there.
Speaker A: It is crazy how good the community is there. No joke like that. That community is nuts. It's 24, like I said, like I was tweeting at 01:00 a.m. about, I don't know what about my Twitter timeline, but I was also hopping in and checking out what was happening in, you know, in the war room. I noticed all my, you know, we were getting dumped on, on those garbage can thingies. So I was checking the war room to see what's up. But I mean, and buncha wakes up at like 04:00 a.m. so I mean, you can get me at 01:00 a.m. you can get a bunch of 04:00 a.m. i mean, it's crazy. And then all the people that are way smarter than both of us are like, in there all the time.
Speaker C: So the supply, by the way, so t row asks here, what are we at the premit? The supply is actually 1000 tokens. We are currently at 875 signups on the premit list. And you can only get a on the premium from the discord. So it's not like that's a public thing. So you can see that some people are, you know, super excited about that. Oh, yeah, I get the, you know, I do the daily recaps and the daily video recaps and breaking down Ethan BTC charts, by the way, which we should probably take a look at here while we're still, while we're still talking BTC and ETh. But yeah, there's a lot going on. We've got a lot of cool stuff coming. Partnerships, sponsorships. I think I can announce this, actually, we just signed a sponsorship campaign that starts next week with draftkings for their rainmakers product, which is pretty cool. So that's going to be a lot of fun. That's definitely alpha because I haven't said it anywhere yet, so definitely have not. Um, Chamber. Have you looked at these charts yet? Like what? Have you looked at the charts lately? What do you.
Speaker A: I have been looking at the charts lately.
Speaker C: Uh, by the way, I just, I just want you to know I'm going to flex a little. I crushed this short today.
Speaker A: You did.
Speaker C: Look at this thing. Just see this right there? Magnet. Next stop here.
Speaker A: Magnet, I love.
Speaker C: Next stop under that is here. So you better watch out. 2100 incoming, I think, unless we reclaim this arbitrary diagonal line. Not what anybody wants to hear, but I think that's where we are headed. I think Eth. Eth a slightly different story. I think the merge narrative could eat up into, like, the 2200 ish next.
Speaker B: Date on the merge.
Speaker C: I.
Speaker B: Obviously they. Yeah, the 15 September.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, punter. Punter making a little bold prediction here. He says 1200, not 2100, which. Hey, no, 1200 over him for east. Yeah.
Speaker B: Oh, that didn't be nice.
Speaker C: Bitcoin, which I don't think is necessarily a bad call if you're looking at where we're at right now. If.
Speaker A: No, I don't think that's a bad call at all.
Speaker C: I mean, look at, I'm going to bring up, like, the macro view here because we are hitting. Where's my chart? I can't find it. But anyway, we are hitting kind of this big macro resistance area. I don't think we. So I I say that, but I actually took a little bit of a long here, uh, hoping that we come up and touch this area and then head down after that. But I could very much see that this starts to turn into resistance here at this, like, mid range area. And we take a trip right back down to 14 and then 1250. I think that's a possibility. So, like, if you get, if you break underneath this 1600 area. Yeah, exactly. You break under this 1600 area, like, you're going right back into this range here. Right. So, I mean, it's pretty obvious what we're looking at here from a chart perspective. You've got ranges here. It breaks up, forms a new one here, breaks up again. But now you're looking at this kind of high timeframe resistance. This is a four hour chart. But if you come to the daily chart, it's the same spot. Right? Like, yeah, this is key. This, this box here are key support and resistance level with basically no retrace. So, you know, you've got a, you're going to hit this, maybe this and maybe, maybe, maybe up here, 2500 if it really has some steam. And then I think we take a trip back down, you know, testing stuff way where. Where it'll make us all cry is what I actually think is going to happen. Yeah, I think, I think I'm going to go out on a limb and make this call. And I'm going to say that the merge event itself is going to be a sell the news event.
Speaker A: 100%. Yeah, 100%. I think that's a. I think that's an accurate statement.
Speaker C: Des, his face. What do you think?
Speaker A: I thought he froze.
Speaker C: I thought he did, too. What do you think, Des?
Speaker B: I love this segment of the show where it turns into wrecked and I just become a viewer. So that's why I just, you know how to trade. That's why I just get in stuck in this mode of awe. But, um, no, I, uh.
Speaker A: Yeah, by the way, rec podcast was not us talking about.
Speaker C: Yeah. Talking about, uh, you know, drafting chocolate.
Speaker A: Bars most of the time.
Speaker C: Did. Yeah, we. That's right. We should bring the drafts back.
Speaker A: Drafts were fun, man.
Speaker C: Should we do one right now? Do we have anything cool coming up? Uh, do we have anything cool coming up that we could draft around? Um hmm. We drafted. Yeah. We'll get a good one for next week. How about that? Dickens says east to five k. Day of merge not happening.
Speaker A: Five k?
Speaker C: No. No way.
Speaker A: I don't know about that one. Dick.
Speaker C: JP Kaz confirms there's more crypto talk on this show than there ever.
Speaker A: You know, there's barely anything. I don't know what that podcast was.
Speaker C: We're just trying to, um, you know, be well rounded. I would.
Speaker A: And for the record, I did have a conversation with possible, uh, new hosts for Rect, but unfortunately that fizzled out. Um, but we are still looking for two, you know, uh, qualified replacements for wrecked. So rect podcast will come back. It reminds me of, I don't know if you guys ever watch, like, the man show with, like, Adam Carolla and, and Jimmy Kimmel. You guys watch that growing up?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: And then they changed the hosts, and it was like, joe Rogan and like another comedian. I forget who it was, and I feel like that's what it is. So, yes, Halloween candy talk lasts it all year.
Speaker C: It's really, it really is. If you just actually, like, took a snapshot of what we talked about on red.
Speaker A: 87% Halloween.
Speaker C: So much candy talk, like a lot of it. There was a lot of candy talk. All right, wait, we're gonna, we're gonna wrap something.
Speaker A: We're like a month away from Halloween talk again, too. Like, it's getting ramped up.
Speaker C: Can't wait. We're gonna draft something right now? Yes. Okay, so we're gonna go around the horn. Let's take three. Des, you can go first. Okay. We're going to draft pfps. We'll take three each. We'll take three each. Desi, Des, chamber me and then snake draft it.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Does it have to be on the top chart list?
Speaker C: It could be whatever you want. But wait, the way this works, however. Hold on.
Speaker A: You want to play to the crowd?
Speaker C: Yeah. The way that this works is they then go out as a poll on twitter and the people decide who won the draft.
Speaker B: Well, I'm going to lose for sure.
Speaker A: But don't get ahead of yourself. I'm very good at losing these.
Speaker C: Chamber has. Chamber, I don't think has ever won one of these, so there is no.
Speaker B: Chance you're going to lose this to me. I'll just put it out chamber.
Speaker C: You write. You writing them down for the.
Speaker A: I got them. Yeah, I got, I got it here.
Speaker B: I'm going number one. Yeah, we're doing two rounds, snake, drafting.
Speaker C: Three rounds. Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay. I'm gonna go number one, goats.
Speaker A: Right away. You're gonna win.
Speaker B: No, no, I'm gonna 100% lose on that.
Speaker C: But no, his followers.
Speaker A: Drop it in the discord. It's over.
Speaker B: Taking anything else but goats. Okay. Change my life completely. And I've had great blue chip projects. I have stuck to it. I've always stayed a goats.
Speaker C: All right, well, so Des has goats as his number one chamber. Where are you going with your number one pick?
Speaker A: I'm going board ape yacht club.
Speaker B: That's a crazy pick for you, dude.
Speaker A: I want to win.
Speaker B: A. You want to win 100%. They're going to bash you for changing your morals.
Speaker C: Yeah, you're going to. You're going to get slaughtered.
Speaker A: I'm going to figure out a way to lose somehow, I guess.
Speaker B: All right, not the same round of votes.
Speaker C: I'll take punks. I'll take punks, and then I'm coming back with.
Speaker A: Hmm.
Speaker C: I think, I think I might as well grab moonbirds while it's there. I'll take punks and moonbirds as my two. Okay, so now back to you chamber.
Speaker A: Now, can I take anything else in the. Like, our mutants are kind of like, is that separate?
Speaker C: You can take mutants if you want. There. Pfp. If you want to front load the yuga assets, go ahead.
Speaker A: Um, let me just. I think I'm going to take mutants.
Speaker C: Oh, my God. You're pathetic. People are going to see right through.
Speaker A: Do you think so?
Speaker B: You actually might lose. I take it back. I might not lose. You might get third for doing this.
Speaker C: Shenanigans, man. I forgot. I forgot how much fun I have with these segments. We're definitely doing this every week. Please start throwing us things. We should draft. All right, so, Des, you're up in the middle here, and then. Actually, no, you go through.
Speaker A: Yeah, you have two in a row.
Speaker C: You finish it out here.
Speaker B: I might have a way where I can actually win this. Hmm. Okay. For the culture, I'm gonna go. Oh, shit. They don't represent enough well, anyways. Okay, you know what? Screw it. I'm gonna go for the culture because it just signifies that you were early alien boys.
Speaker C: Oh, wow. You're going. I see what you're doing here.
Speaker A: He's going for the communities. I feel like he's gonna do well.
Speaker C: Well, you know, I feel them.
Speaker A: I feel the. I feel bored. A yacht club is not going to back me up on this one.
Speaker C: I mean, you have the most potential buyers right now, or voters right now. You've got 30,000, you know, so. So that. There you go. That. I mean, you are at an edge there. So, Des, you got to finish it out. You have two in a row.
Speaker B: I got two in a row. Let's go. Oh, man, that's. That's a tough one. Uh, I wanted to do something from the class of summer 2021. We'll go gutter cat gang and suck it.
Speaker C: Oh, that's a good one. Okay. Okay, so you're. Your three are goats, alien boy, gutter cat gang, you're the first one in the clubhouse chamber. You're. Am I next or you next?
Speaker A: I'm next.
Speaker C: You're next. You've finished out your draft.
Speaker A: I'm gonna take.
Speaker C: This poll as the king of the.
Speaker A: I was gonna go pick a runes, but one more fodders. Fodderverse for me.
Speaker C: All right, I will go. Let me round this thing out. Finish the draft with. I'm gonna. I'm gonna take it. It's. It's number 39, all time on the charts. I will take number one in your hearts. Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Never mind. No, wait. This hasn't been taken yet. I'll take eleven on the chart overall, and I'll go with doodles.
Speaker B: What was 34 on the chart?
Speaker C: Goblins. I almost went gobs all time. 34. Yeah. Yeah. Crazy, right?
Speaker A: I think I'm gonna lose. Like, how's that even possible?
Speaker C: All right, so. So, Chamber, you have apes. You have apes, mutants, and fudders.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay, Des, you have, you have goats, alien boy and gutter cat gang. And I have punks, moonbirds, and doodles. What a, what a cheat code if I don't win.
Speaker A: That is a cheat code if you.
Speaker C: Don'T cheat, I should win this by a landslide. But let's see, that is going to do it for us. We will get that tweet out shortly, and you can vote on who won. Chamber, do not entice people with a po app of your time.
Speaker A: I'm going to give away fighters to get the votes. Yeah, I got enough to get the votes.
Speaker C: Look, if you have to, if you have to campaign like that, it means your draft wasn't that good.
Speaker A: I feel like I don't know what I did.
Speaker C: T row, calling you a sellout. He ain't wrong. That was fun, Destin. Here. I think we should rotate the topics, too. Like, each one of us gets to pick the draft of the week. So, Des, for next week, you, uh, you come with what? We should draft.
Speaker B: Perfect. I got it.
Speaker A: It could be anything, too.
Speaker C: It doesn't have to be anything. We. I mean, Halloween. Halloween candy. Yeah.
Speaker B: I mean, we had to have done that before.
Speaker C: We've. We've never done Halloween candy.
Speaker A: Yeah, never. I think we've done specific country Halloween candy, too.
Speaker B: Saving for October. I'll think of something. I'll think of something good for next week.
Speaker C: We've done Halloween candy at least ten times, but we'll do it again. But anyway, that is going to do it for us. This was fun. Until next time, don't get wrecked. And that is financial advice.
