Speaker A: Hello, and welcome to the mint condition. I am Bunshu, alongside my esteemed colleague and co host, Chamber. Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker B: I'm doing great, man. I'm doing great. The quality audio is, you know, making its way through my ear canals. It's. It's a real treat. I'm uploading videos to YouTube as we speak. I got. I got. I got so many things happening.
Speaker A: Who do we got behind which handle? We got pain behind Djen and V squared behind TMC today.
Speaker B: You good? That's correct.
Speaker A: Look at me. I'm learning pain. How are you doing?
Speaker C: I'm doing great, man. You want me to throw, like, a little voice change? I can talk a little bit different so that I can make sure I differentiate between.
Speaker A: Hey, I nailed it this time. So you did. We got it. So I will say definitely a bop. I was also dancing to the intro song v squared. How are you doing, Buddha?
Speaker C: I am fantastic on this Wednesday. Looking forward to a good show. I'm glad everyone's doing all right.
Speaker A: Let's.
Speaker B: They do. They do sound pretty similar, right?
Speaker A: Let's. Let's get that little chat bubble going in the bottom. Give us a GM, let us know you're out there. What's on your mind today and chamber? I mean, it's been taken care of. I sent you a text message photo this afternoon. Did you act? Did you know what I was referred to, or did you.
Speaker B: Oh, I mean, I took a guess. That's why I just. I think I just laughed.
Speaker A: You did? So I was like, I wonder if he doesn't really understand or not.
Speaker B: No, I thought it was very funny that you just sent me a picture of a yemenite gift bag. It said so much.
Speaker A: Yes. And so it was a gift to myself and a gift to you and a gift to all of our wonderful listeners out there. You know, for the past few weeks or so, I've had hashtag dongle issues and have not been able to get the audio where it needs to be because my phone just did nothing. Take the accessory in the charging port. So I went and finally bit the bullet today, got myself a new phone. Top of the line, state of the arts, iPhone 14 pro Max. So, like, literally. Yeah. This thing is like having. I set it up this afternoon. Very excited. This thing is like having an iPad in your pocket. Massive.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's too. No, I don't like the. I don't like the max.
Speaker A: It's amazing, and I'll tell you why. So I've said a couple times now that I, like, don't love spending money on myself for things. Right. Where, like. And so this is something that I normally would not spend money on. The last phone I bought for myself is years and years and years ago, because I've had company phones for a long time. And then actually, when I left my last company, I just never sent this one back. So I kind of. I just swapped the sim card out and it became my phone. And so the. I haven't bought myself a phone in very long time. The last phone I had is a eleven. So we're on like, three iterations ago. Yeah. And I'll tell you, like, the size of my old phone versus this new one is night and day, and. But I am justifying it, which I think is very fair. I spend like 90% of every day on this thing, and it is basically the source of all my work. Like, everything I do is digital, whether it's forum, 3d, gen, personal stuff. I spend so much time on my phone, it's worth it for me to have, you know, a decent one. And I. I'm a sucker, though. Like, I am the Apple best customer. I actually, like, I have the Apple credit card. Have you ever.
Speaker B: I'm. I've been offered the Apple credit card.
Speaker A: I think it's fantastic if I'm.
Speaker B: What's the. What are the benefits?
Speaker A: Well, the. The easy thing was that it just kind of let me finance this thing on my credit card with. No. With zero APR. So I just pay a monthly installment now and not have to pay $1,000 right out of my pocket. It's kind of beautiful.
Speaker B: That's very.
Speaker A: And so they make it very easy for you to buy Apple products. And it's the first time I've, like, onboarded a new phone in quite some time. The, like, transfer over my old number and everything was just so easy. It's like, I might buy a new phone again tomorrow just for shits. Who knows?
Speaker B: Now, do you have, like a. Like a MacBook?
Speaker A: No. So I've actually never been a Apple computer person. I've only gone the iPhone route. So I have a PC, it's a windows computer. And so I do not have a Mac. I do have an iPad, but I don't have a Mac.
Speaker B: I don't have a Mac either. But I've been. I've been contemplating pivoting over.
Speaker A: Yeah, I actually have to, but I'm not. I'm not going to do that at this juncture. But I've been thinking about it.
Speaker B: Well, now that you're a digital artist, how could you. How could you not have one?
Speaker A: Well, you know, my medium of art happens in discord. You know, that's. It's. Which I could do right out my phone. 95% of the things I put out actually get made right on my phone. And. Yeah, it is. That's what I mean. So it's, like, worth it for me to have a nice phone. So I hashtag treated myself today, as the kids say. But now you get the benefit of that sweet, sweet audio thoughts. That's nice.
Speaker B: I'm very, very enamored with.
Speaker A: Well, nothing. I mean, nothing gets you going quite, like, good audio.
Speaker B: I don't know what it is. I don't know why this has happened to me over the years, but, yes, good audio is what I require. Did you get a specific color on this new.
Speaker A: The pro max only comes in the standard colors. There was a dark purple, silver, a white. No, dark purple, silver, black, and some other color. And so there wasn't a ton to choose from, so I just went and. Black.
Speaker B: Nice, nice. Remember, like, back in, like, it was probably like your high school days, like, you know, like, white phones with white glasses and white belts.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, you just live for New Year's Eve. You were. You were real. You were a real piece of shit back then.
Speaker B: A real piece of.
Speaker A: I mean, slicked, slight hair, not pushback, slick back. No, sloppy stakes, petrifanis, you know, the whole nine.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, they could ask us not to get soppy snakes, but they can't stop us from getting a steak and a glass.
Speaker A: They can't. That's right. All right. But we are off to a rousing start. We had so much energy going into the show today in the TMC chat, so even Morgan got involved in the chat, which. Which, who knows? The. No, everybody's feeling it today. So while you're at it, while the energy's high, like, and subscribe to the show on all the places you can find it. This goes out as podcasts. Podcasts. Every time we do this show, you can find it on Apple, Spotify, anywhere else you listen to your podcast. So give us a likes.
Speaker B: I would argue. Yeah, I would argue the podcast is better because all the bullshit that we put up with in these spaces, I clean that up. I clean that all up. I took out, like, 17 minutes of shit conversation on the.
Speaker A: Do you actually. You don't just let it go as is. You actually edit out parts of the conversation.
Speaker B: Yeah. Like. Like last episode we're having issue with.
Speaker A: Oh, well, that was terrible. Like that?
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. So if it's terrible, you know, I mean, I will, but.
Speaker A: But you're not the arbiter of content is what you're saying. You're, you're only editing out technical difficulties.
Speaker B: Or I would say technical difficulties are just really. Yeah, they're, there's very rare that I take out big chunks.
Speaker A: Got it. So only the parts where Des talks is where you edit out.
Speaker B: Is he here today?
Speaker A: No, he's, he's not. He's not the, uh. Yeah, so hit us up on all those places. Give us like subscribe, give us a review. Talk about how wonderful my audio is. It helps us. We have the Degen newsletter. Don't forget about that. That is going out. We're running some allow lists through that as well. So it's a great place to find all of our written content. And we've got obviously all that up on djen.net work as well. Shout out to all of our other shows tonight. You can hear. What day is it? Today's. What is it?
Speaker B: I think it's Wednesday.
Speaker A: Oh, okay. So Des should have been here. However, Des did have surgery yesterday.
Speaker B: Oh, did he?
Speaker A: Did.
Speaker B: Was it on his voice? That's the only thing you need?
Speaker A: I don't know. He may have had surgery on his voice, but he, speaking of, texted me and I did not know prior that he was having surgery. And I do know he had an injury recently. And so he's having surgery yesterday and he said to me, he said, hey, going in for surgery. Just FYI, in case I die, my wife has your number for how to access all my crypto, so that was pretty. You know, you always love to be somebody's crypto beneficiary.
Speaker B: I know I am. Amber is definitely coming to see you, so don't.
Speaker A: Yeah. My wife saying she's going to see you or my brother. And so I'm officially des crypto beneficiary. So I'm honored. But yeah, so it is Wednesday. Check out. I think we got the night shift Twitter space tonight at 830 if they're running that. Otherwise tomorrow you could check out coffee with captain at 08:00 a.m. nFT lunch break with Riggs and Jweb, both live from consensus this week, both of them down in Austin at noon tomorrow and then Alpha afternoons at 04:00 p.m. tomorrow as well. You know, that's what we got going on. I do want to point out, up top, I've never been more proud of something that we've created in my entire life. The long awaited two minute sizzle reel of our antics. The Degen network antics in New York City is pinned above. We're actually giving out. We're actually doing a contest for DGEn network war room passes. So like, retweet above and watch that amazing video. You can win a Degen network. De Genesis passed. I gotta say, chamber, you sent this video at around 03:00 and I have been buzzing ever since. If you haven't watched it yet, give it a watch and I'll tell you why I'm so happy and proud of it. But first, I want to get your take on it as the person who pretty much made it all happen. Yeah, I mean, you coordinated, you coordinated all the equipment. You cor, you rallied up the troops. Like you, you had it all. It doesn't happen without you. So I'm curious to hear how your thoughts are.
Speaker B: Well, we definitely used, we definitely use. So big shout out to Mister House, who was, in Ken, in Ken's words, Ken is the editor, the chief editor.
Speaker A: The one that takes all of the hours of content and makes it look pretty.
Speaker B: Exactly. He's an actual director, in his words. Said, mister House did a phenomenal job, which I agree with. But we had dow Jones there. We had Riggs kind of manning a little team of content capturers out in New York, but it was phenomenal. We did want to use nftnyc as kind of a test run for vcon because we do think vcon is where we'll be able to capture a lot of really, really good stuff. A test run for some of the guys, see what worked, what didn't work, what we're going to use going into VCoM. But I was super impressed with it. Ken was working diligently on it and pieced together this little mini movie. Nice recap video. I was thoroughly pleased. I did not get any FOMO. You just see all the people. No, I was happy. I was happy to see everybody having fun. But nothing about the video made me like, I wish I was there.
Speaker A: I was there and I had more photo than I did.
Speaker B: My favorite part, my favorite part was Dow Jones playing video games and looking into the camera and saying, he's sweating up the headphones. The headphones. I like, I felt that. I'm like, it's probably hot. He's walking around. You know what I mean? I get it.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: But that was my favorite.
Speaker A: Yeah. So please check it out above if you haven't yet. Again, shouts to everybody who made it happen. And I just messaged mister house on the side, because he wasn't. He's not. I don't think he's in the massive Degen host chat because it's only our spaces host. But, um, so I messaged him on the side and thanked him for, uh, you know, doing an amazing job here. But I literally got, like, goosebumps watching this. And I'll tell you why. Two years ago, when we first started DJen almost, we're coming up on two years of DJ network. By the way, did you realize that that's crazy?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: June of 2021. Really, it's, I think the back half of June of 2021 is when DJ network officially started. So we are, uh, almost at two years of existence at DJ network. And when we first started this, it was, you know, me, you, and Steve. When Steve presented us a PowerPoint, like a total nerd, he, you know, we had this vision of like, hey, we can have all these shows, we can have a community. We can do, like, fun content. And one of the things that we talked about was like, oh, yeah, we can go to all these conferences and irl events and just kind of like, shoot what's happening in our experience and just follow our creators around and stuff. And, like, this is the stuff we talked about being able to do and produce. And it's really the first time we've been able to pull something like this off. And I know it's just like, to most people, a silly two minute video of riggs getting people to draw a dick on his book. But, like, to me, it's really a point of pride of, like, what we've built over these two years. And it's just so, so cool to see this all come together. So thank you for coordinating it all. Thank you, Mister House. Thank you, Dow Jones. It's just super, super cool to see. And it's like, it feels like it's just the beginning of the next kind of step in what we're doing here. So I was like, I really legit had goosebumps watching this stupid video.
Speaker B: So that's awesome. I'm so happy to hear that. No, we'll have, I know we're going to have some consensus footage from Riggs and Jweb that should be interesting. And then I think we have something in Nashville happening next week, and then we'll have econ shortly thereafter. So, yeah, lots of, lots of good stuff. And again, I think it's going to get better.
Speaker A: I want to go directly to Mister House. He's had his hand up and he a big part of why that video was awesome. So, Mister House GM, welcome and thank you for your contributions.
Speaker D: Thank you guys for letting me, let me hold the camera for the weekend. I had a really good time, was a lot of fun. I've actually been looking into getting one of those DJI pocket twos, or DJI. It was pretty fun to mess with. But now what I came up for was upon hearing with chambers tomfoolery and editing the podcast, and not leaving it in its true state of unarchived providence, I have a feeling if we conducted an audit, that we would go back and find out that this is not the mint condition. This is just the chamber show. So anytime one, two says something smarter, insightful, it just cuts out and goes straight to chambers punchline. So it's just like, I got a feeling. We come back Friday, we do the audit of the main condition. It's really just become chambers dark twisted fantasy.
Speaker A: I actually like this, and I think there's a high probability this is true, because Chamber does actually go back and listen to all of our episodes multiple times to get those download numbers up. And I actually never go back and listen to our episodes. So there is a high possibility that I am just removed from every episode, and I just don't even know it. And so I think it's a high possibility. Chamber, do you ever take out my gold takes or what?
Speaker B: No, we should probably not research this at all. Just assume everything.
Speaker A: Perfect. All right, cool. Hey. All right, so before we get into maybe some NFT stuff here, I do want to cover one thing, because I want to make sure we're doing this. Especially I see cap down there. I want to make sure that we are appropriately billing what we're gonna do on Friday. So we talked about bringing a draft back. And specifically last week, Ryland, when we were talking about music, suggested a very good draft. And then Ryland took the time to. Which I think you saw. Right timber in the.
Speaker B: I did see that.
Speaker A: The time to actually, like, write up and lay out the rules for our draft on Friday. And so I want to cover this with you and anybody who's out there listening, because if you want to participate Friday, you could throw your hat in the ring now, and we will save you a spot on stage on Friday. So just let us know if we got to make sure we have enough participants. But Ryland put out this very, very cool write up. So I want to check with you, chamber, on this live to see, one, are we good to go with this on Friday? And two, if there's any changes you would make to this. So here's Ryland's proposal for our draft on Friday. Traditional snake style draft with three main rounds, plus a bonus fourth round if time allows. The round one through three. Again, remember, if you were listening last week, the idea was that we would draft not only bands, but we would actually create a show lineup, essentially. So rounds one through three, the opening band. So this is a smaller band that complements the rest of the lineup. The middle slot, so low key headliner, probably the real best band, but not the headliner. And then the third round would be your headliner. So that's the big draw that would bring in your crowd. Fourth bonus category, if time allows, is the venue. And he says there should be thought put into the progression of the show, and otherwise, you don't want to draft Tom Petty as your opener for Blink 182. That's. That's the strategy. If you want to win the draft, you got to get. You got to get that. That cohesion, he says. Then he says, important time travel chip. You have one time travel chip that can be used in any of the categories for this. You can name a year or era for the band. So you must use your time travel chip if you choose a band with dead members that you want to join. And that's very interesting.
Speaker B: So the premise is, like, you're drafting.
Speaker A: The band currently outside of your time travel chip. Yes.
Speaker B: Interesting.
Speaker A: So, if you're example, if you choose journey and use your time travel chip to 1981 and get that don't stop believing magic, you want Steve Perry or. Well, so he. So he said. So, like, the example here is, I think, pretty clear. If. If you choose journey and use your time travel trip to 1981, so you could basically, you know, put a band at their peak. Right. You get don't stop leaving. Or you could choose 2023 Journey and get their current greatest hits iteration with the filipino guy on the vocals. So. Right, right. So, yes, your current year, if you don't use your time travel trip, which I think is a fun way to do this, you are getting the current iteration of all those bands, I think. I like that strategy that puts in there. So what do you think? You signing off on this for Friday?
Speaker B: I like it.
Speaker A: I need to know what cap the.
Speaker B: Fact that it's real time. Like, you know, I mean, like, it's 2023. You know, how they're. How the bands doing, like, you know, I mean, I like that wrinkle and then be able to choose one.
Speaker A: Right. So, like, you could do. So say you were putting your closer. You were putting together a hip hop lineup. Right. And you've got.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: You know, one of the current big names in. In rap and hip hop. But you also want Eminem. You could time travel. Eminem back to, you know, the early two thousands.
Speaker B: I feel like one, I think Eminem. You don't time travel. I think you could put Eminem on a stage today.
Speaker A: Okay. Yeah, that would Tupac. Yeah, but you could go Tupac. And time travel.
Speaker B: You could go Tupac.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that works. We gotta confirm. I was just thinking, it's a solo artist and they're dead. You could use your time travel chip on them.
Speaker B: Right, right, exactly.
Speaker A: I'm into it.
Speaker B: I like it.
Speaker A: All right, so that's what we're doing Friday. If you want to participate, start prepping now. Let us know, and we'll do this one on Friday. Cap, if you're able to, I wonder. Let me. Let us know if there's any modifications or if you approve of this one. Cap had another good one that we could put on the back burner this morning on coffee with captain. Were you listening this morning, chamber?
Speaker B: I was not.
Speaker A: Greatest storytellers thoughts?
Speaker B: Like, I need a bit more.
Speaker A: Well, that's the kind. It could be anything, right? So they were talking in context about, like, Steve Jobs or, you know, like, people who. Steve Jobs telling us, oh, yes, Steve Jobs is one of the greatest storytellers. I mean, how do you think Apple has its dominance? You know, and there's actually a quote that. Or, like, a story of him, like, walking into a break room and talking about how the storyteller, he's, like, eating a bagel, and he's talking about the storyteller is the most powerful person in the world.
Speaker B: Yeah. I feel like storytelling is, like. I feel like, rich. Like, super rich people have, like.
Speaker A: Well, it's funny.
Speaker B: Like, taken over the word story.
Speaker A: Steve used Oprah as an example. Okay, so you're. You're two for two on rich people.
Speaker B: Prior to his death was all about story. Like, after he retired, he was all about storytelling, and he ended up winning an Oscar, too, so. But, yes, very strange. I've been seeing. This is a pattern of, like, the uber rich. What do you call it? Co opting the term. Yeah, storytelling.
Speaker A: Well, I would argue. I would argue it might not be a coincidence if hearing that Steve Jobs story and then pairing it with the super rich. Maybe they're that way. Maybe they are super rich because of the immense power in storytelling. Did you ever think of that?
Speaker B: I just don't know if an iPhone is telling me a story.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, of course it is. The fact that you. The fact that you still could buy the fact that I bought a $1200 iPhone today.
Speaker B: But what else are you supposed to buy?
Speaker A: But that's it. It's because the story is so good. They have tied you in for life. You can't buy a. What are you gonna go buy a Solana phone?
Speaker B: I feel like. I feel like the product is good.
Speaker A: Yeah, but that. But how you got there was originally. This wasn't always like this. How do you think I feel?
Speaker B: Storytelling is screenplay writing and storytelling is marketing.
Speaker A: My friend.
Speaker B: That sounds like what's his name from Mad Men.
Speaker A: I just pictured the meme of the, like, the empty whiteboard that he, you know, with just the hands and all that it should say on there is storytelling. All right, so you're not into the storytelling?
Speaker B: I'm into it if we're sticking to real storytellers, like, actual people that tell actual stories.
Speaker A: So, like, what, that doesn't just mean, like, writers. Like, yeah, you could choose Stephen King because you're Stephen King, Maxi.
Speaker B: No, but, like, there's, like, directors. There's movie directors that I would say are storytellers. Like, I want a story. Like, there should be a story.
Speaker A: Yeah. I think Cap's gonna lay you out on the floor on the Steve jobs one if we. If we talk about it.
Speaker B: But I'm not. I mean, Steve Jobs might be. Again, what are we talking about? We're talking about the presentations he. He does prior to launching a new.
Speaker A: I think you're as being a. You're just being a hater.
Speaker B: I buy. I buy iPhone, but I buy iPhones because they're awesome. They're not telling me a story.
Speaker A: I don't know. I disagree. Most of these phones, a hundred percent. Coca Cola is telling your story. Coca Cola. I mean, you associate, like, Santa Claus with Coca Cola half the time here in America, because of their campaign, they do their. Anything that's marketing is telling you a story. Trust. Trust that.
Speaker B: Okay. Well, the quality of story could be much.
Speaker A: Well, that's why we're drafting the best ones.
Speaker B: All right, I'm gonna. I'm going to stick to Charles Dickens and Steve.
Speaker A: All right. You're going to lose that draft as well.
Speaker B: You guys go with Elon Musk.
Speaker A: I wouldn't call you honest. Elon would be a bad.
Speaker B: I guarantee. I guarantee. Elon Musk calls himself a story.
Speaker A: Yeah, probably. But he will be out of my draft picks, that's for sure. Anyway, I'm down.
Speaker B: I'm down.
Speaker A: Well, we got two in the hopper then, but either way, Friday for the music one. What else is going on, Chamber? Anything else before we get into some news of the day?
Speaker B: No, I think some of the news is kind of what I want to get into.
Speaker A: Oh, all right. Do you want to start anywhere in particular?
Speaker B: I would like to start off. We were talking about it. I don't know if it was like a couple weeks ago, but the proof Moonbirds community council.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: I think is very cool. And I'm very proud that we have a lot of council members that are, you know, fellow DJ's. So I like the fact that.
Speaker A: By that you mean DJ network Degenesis pass holders. Correct. War room members.
Speaker B: Yes. Yeah, I mean, and, and, you know, contributors in some cases as well. Just. Yeah, just I just like the fact that the DJ network association, you know, I mean, like being associated with them is ISDEv providing opportunity for people. And then at the same time, I think showing a lot of other, you know, highlighting some of these people and what they contribute. So very, very proud of these people. People like Riggs, I believe, is one of them.
Speaker A: Riggs is one of them in team.
Speaker B: Let me guess, Lacos is the other.
Speaker A: Lacos is one as well.
Speaker B: There's a third, right?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Is it Keith?
Speaker A: No, it's Drew Barmanda.
Speaker B: Drew Barman, even. That's fantastic. So three phenomenal people that is. Yeah. I don't know. It's very. I'm very pleased to hear that.
Speaker A: Yeah, me too. I mean, especially for as much as the war room fuds proof. It's.
Speaker B: I mean, not just the war rooms, the shows.
Speaker A: It's actually. It's actually a miracle that we. That Djen members have dominated 30% of this ten person community council, which is great. So if you don't know, Moonbirds today announced or yesterday, I don't know when it was. I think it was late yesterday, announced their ten member inaugural community council. These members were nominated by holders to present the wants, needs and desires of the proof and Moonbirds community. So the best part of this was that they were all nominated. So speaks to the very high character that those individuals have. So very cool. The council will meet bi weekly with proof leadership to give feedback, share ideas, keep an open line of communication between proof and the community. It was interesting coffee with Captain this morning. They had Forrest come up, who kind of organized and executed the council selection and things like that. And he was talking about how kind of these calls will go, and he said it's like 80% community feedback ideas, all of that kind of great stuff. And then probably about 20% of them pitching the proof team, pitching them and updating them on what's new and what's coming and details of what's going on in the project to be an extension of the team outside in the wild, which is pretty cool. The new community council total has ten members, as we mentioned. Three of them are DGen folks. So congratulations to those. And it's, it's pretty interesting. We've seen, you know, a couple of these community councils formed in the past. Other projects like Gutter Cat gang at a community council, Doodles has a community council and it's interesting. We'll see how this one goes. I haven't seen, I mean, apes obviously have a community council and the apecoin Dow. Are you bullish on these community councils in general chamber?
Speaker B: I think so. A lot of these projects survive and thrive based on their community. So to have a council that's represented by the community, I think is a good thing. Just helps keep the information flowing in both directions as far as feedback and disseminating the information down to the holders. I think you also have a layer of maybe initial feedback that you can utilize before making a misstep. Specifically in the case of proof and moonbirds where you can say, hey, this is what we're thinking. Council, what are your thoughts? And you can avoid missteps, I think, by having a council to kind of pitch ideas off of, especially if you're very close to the end of making that decision.
Speaker A: Yeah, I agree. And I mean, it's just super important to actually have your pulse on how the community feels. And that's not to say that you're going to kind of placate to everything they want. It's. But it's, it's sometimes, and I see this all the time in dealing with Odyssey. Right. There's just like layers to the program and there's, you know, the very top level. Sometimes they're executing these very big roadmap plans and there's a lot of things that go into that and it takes them out of kind of the day to day community sentiment sometimes. And I see it all the time with Odyssey and it's super, you know, I'm super fortunate to kind of be at the top and in the community very closely because we run the community with them. And so, you know, there's that direct tie and if, I'll tell you right now, if we didn't have that, like, it would just be the impact of having it, having that kind of immediate feedback loop that being able to understand what's working and what doesn't at that really deep like ground level is super important. So I think this will be a home run. Pumped for our friends and. Yeah. So onward community council for proof and moonbirds.
Speaker B: Who would you want on the council for like the DJ network if they're fine?
Speaker A: Definitely Mister House. Yeah, he'd be, be up there now. Are like hosts allowed or not?
Speaker B: Sure, sure.
Speaker A: Dow Jones, definitely.
Speaker B: Yeah, I agree.
Speaker A: You gotta have riggs because Riggs is going to give it to you straight no matter what. I think. Outside of that, those are probably. Oh yeah, outer be good one. I was going to go next, like to the non host slash contributors section. Who else would you pick in there? Probably like, probably a little, give me a little web three. Anthony. Yeah, give me, give me some Twitter bay.
Speaker B: Give me Ian maybe.
Speaker A: I was gonna go, I was gonna go Ian, because Ian is a wizard with the, the graphics and creativity, by the way. Shoutouts to Ian if he's still listening. I know he was, he put a hoodie on his mutant or his PFP there and the hoodie that he put on is the one he like designed and mocked up for the Starbucks Odyssey community, which is pretty cool. Yeah. So he's wearing a Starbucks Odyssey hoodie that he designed and put on his PFP. So shouts that. The person I would definitely not want on the council is, is Crocs Maxi. Mostly. Mostly because I just wanted, mostly just because I wanted a rib on him.
Speaker B: But the anti council.
Speaker A: Yeah, he crocs JP. That's it.
Speaker B: Me.
Speaker A: Yeah. And you. Yeah, you three on the anti council. I'm just kidding. Crocs love you. He's always likes to dig at me and Steve, so got to give it back.
Speaker B: You know, I thought about the other day who could also be on the council and I had to check his Twitter to see if he's been active lately. Was Raptor Jesus.
Speaker A: Oh my God, I forgot about that guy. What, what's his status?
Speaker B: He's still, he was a little, a little bit active, I'd say very active. But uh, you need to give, you.
Speaker A: Need to give the folks a little TLDR.
Speaker B: So Raptor. Raptor Jesus was our first review on rec podcast. Is that, that accurate?
Speaker A: Yeah, probably.
Speaker B: I think he was right. And I forget what the review was. I don't remember it being. Was he the.
Speaker A: He was. He was actually. And I don't know if that was him. I actually think.
Speaker B: Oh, he was the, he was. No, he lit up. Cynthia it was.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, definitely it was.
Speaker B: I like the two guys, but the broads gotta go or something.
Speaker A: That's exactly right. That's what he said. That is what he said. The, uh, um, Raptor Jesus was our wrecked podcast, uh, irreverent version of Ian because he would make the, he would make all these.
Speaker B: There is not an graphics and.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, there is not. It'd be like if you, it would actually be like if you put, if you combine JP, Kaz, Crocs, Maxi, Emily and Ian altogether, I think that would be raptor Jesus.
Speaker B: Yeah. Unique fella.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: But yes, he would provide us with some great content.
Speaker A: Yeah. I would also probably put, you know, our wonderful producer crew here, Payne and V squared on the council.
Speaker B: No. Then they could, you know, rise up and defeat us. We can't have that.
Speaker A: AI is going to rise up and defeat us long before they will, that's for sure. Sure. So. All right, new more. Before we get to a couple more NfT stories here, hit us up in the top and set your reminders for Friday. Obviously going to have a fun show on Friday with our draft that we just talked about, but hit those reminder buttons, please and thank you chamber. Do you remember NBA top Shot?
Speaker B: I do. I have to, have to go back in the memory banks a little bit, but I do recall the top of shot.
Speaker A: Yeah, NBA Top Shot. The app is now available in the iOS store and how.
Speaker B: 2001.
Speaker A: Yeah, it only took them two and a half years, but it is available now.
Speaker B: So there's an app for that?
Speaker A: Yes, the NBA Top Shot app is now available in the App Store and Google Play Store for a limited time during the 2023 NBA playoffs per a tweet from their main account. If you don't, if you aren't familiar with top shot, it is the start. This app is the start of the Dapper Labs move to become a mobile first company. Interesting. Dapper initially trialed a limited version of the app in test flight for select collectors back in February, but there was a wait list and the app didn't have the full range of features. And now it's being rolled out to all collectors during the playoffs. So you can download it today in iOS. And so far, feedback seems pretty good on it.
Speaker B: I'm sure it's fine, but we really need to, for those of you watch the NBA, you know, pretty religiously, obviously, it's the playoffs right now. I'm watching very, you know, very religiously every, every night.
Speaker A: I actually, I've been watching.
Speaker B: Your boys are doing well too.
Speaker A: That's what I mean, I've been watching the NBA. I'm a fair weather NBA fan. I have. It's been hard to be an NBA fan for me because the Knicks have.
Speaker B: Not anymore, man.
Speaker A: Well, the Knicks have been in the second round of the NBA playoffs only two times. Well, actually, sorry, if they win tonight.
Speaker B: It'Ll be two times.
Speaker A: It'll be two times in the last 24 years or 22 years or something.
Speaker B: When was it? Was it the, like Allen Houston years? Was that the last.
Speaker A: Well, it was, it was like when I was fucking eight years old.
Speaker B: And I'm trying to think. I think no, Allen Houston was before that. I forgot what it was. It was a lot. That's terrible, though. But the top shot was massive. Like it, it really, you know, it really started. All star break of 2021 for the NBA. And by the time the playoffs hit that year, like, people were like referencing top shot in highlights. So, like, I don't know if LeBron James was, but like, somebody would dunk and be like, oh, top, like NBA, top shot.
Speaker A: That. Yeah, yeah, exactly.
Speaker B: It was such a part of. Absolutely was. And it's absolutely disappeared now. Like nobody as far as the NBA, like as far as within the NBA, nobody talks about it. I kind of reminds me and I started thinking about like other like things the NBA has done over the years to like, you know, try to bring, bring more people in. Like when they, I don't know. Do you remember like the t shirt jerseys? Yeah, yeah, there was. The t shirt jerseys were not, you know, that's maybe like back in like 2012, 2013 where they had like the long sleeve jerseys, they changed the ball. I don't know. If you, if you go back, I feel like back, it was like maybe like 0708, they actually changed the basketball to like this like slip resistant like material and it just made it slipper. And everybody hated and by like the 10th game of that season, like they got rid of it. But yeah, it's. The NBA has tried many things and there are many things that are going to be part of its history. And I think 2021 top shot is a part of that.
Speaker A: Yeah, I agree with you. I am going to interrupt this broadcast for a special report. The one and only JP Kaz, host of the NFT night shift, has gone through really quickly and grabbed some of our wrecked podcast reviews. And you can, you can find them. You can find them up top in the nest. The one that we reference all the time is from a person by the name of huggy boo. Two, three years ago, the title of the review is yawn. Total trash. Two versions. Reading coin Telegraph word by word in mom's basement. Whoo. Yes. That's so funny. Four years ago, best show in crypto. Five stars. Fun and informative, great guests and imaginative non crypto games. Oh, we used to do so many non crypto games for Ant Hill. Good job. Keep up the good work. Five stars.
Speaker B: Terrific. We love that one.
Speaker A: Here's a great one. This is a great one. One star from canned 95, four years ago. Can't find one. I enjoy. And then underneath says, pretty cringey in my opinion. This is so good. This one. I don't know who this person. Oh, was this. No, this couldn't have been raptor.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: Four years ago. Awful. Awful. Simply awful. Women shouldn't be allowed to speak. That person's got to be canceled by now. Holy shit.
Speaker B: But it says Jamie. I feel like that's a, like the way Jamie is spelled. Is spelled like. Like a lady Jamie name.
Speaker A: They also put their apartment number one C. It's true. Four years ago from Bitme 213. Avoid. Hosted by a serial doctor.
Speaker B: That was Cynthia, I think.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. Oh my God. That's right. I was the. It was the. What's his name, the guy, the something with an R. Romeo Ronaldo.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, not Romeo. What was it? It's like Romeo, but yes, he. She. Yeah, she was. She was a character.
Speaker A: For those who don't know, for those of you who don't know, we used to have a third host.
Speaker B: Wild card. Like she was the wild card.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think chambers, the wild card. Cynthia was the wild card.
Speaker B: Yeah, I was the. That was the reasonable one.
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah, I think so. But yeah, a bunch of great reviews there. So if you liked those. If you liked those reviews, I'd want to leave us an equally terrible one. Please do. And Apple and Spotify. Mister House, what do you think of those reviews?
Speaker D: Yeah, you know, they were pretty fun reads. What was the interesting though was of the two five star reviews, one of them seemed to be a little bit of self love.
Speaker B: No, I don't know.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, that's me, actually. I didn't even realize that. I didn't realize that when I. That is literally me and it's my full name. I just realized that. That's so fucking funny. Yeah, well, you know, I had to balance it out. Dude, thank you for pointing that out. That's so much funnier. I was one of the two five star reviews that JP picked out.
Speaker B: I feel like we had more five star reviews than that.
Speaker A: Do we have any five star reviews on our current podcast?
Speaker B: Yeah, we have like a very high score on both podcasts. I'll tell you.
Speaker A: I kind of want to go read some of those to make me feel better.
Speaker B: We're a very popular show. We do well. People like us.
Speaker A: Literally dozens of people.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I'm going to try to see if I can find one too.
Speaker B: We have. We have a five star rating. I have one here. Five star. Excellent. This is from a year ago. This is from mint condition, legit, down to earth guys who have been in the space for a long time. Great show. That's a five star. This is another one. So good. This is becoming one of my favorite shows. These guys provide great insight into the world of sports, collectibles and cryptocurrency. This was a long time ago.
Speaker A: I like this one. This one is from ten days ago from our friend hurt me five stars. Chamber guilted me into commenting and then the comment is, where else are you going to learn and feel better about all the money you've lost in NFT tease? Fantastic.
Speaker B: It's hard facts right there.
Speaker A: Did you go on like a dming spree to make people comment?
Speaker B: No, it was one of the shows. You were away at the end. I just went on about a three.
Speaker A: Minute tirade because I'm looking at the.
Speaker B: Dates and I think we clipped it. We clipped it. Mackie clipped it. And then I put that out because.
Speaker A: I'm looking at the dates on the newest ones, April 13 from Lil Dillenne, the bar stool of web three. Bunch, you, Chamber, and Des, when he feels like showing up, are an entertaining listen and play off each other well, Bunch does his best to keep the show on the rails. He usually fails and always seems to have something interesting to discuss. While you never know if you're going to get actual NFT content or some off topic debate, you always know it'll be something enjoyable to listen to. Chambers seems like he likes to play Devil's advocate and say the opposite of what he actually he thinks. I think he's a closet you the fanboy and knows deep down that the Celtics are way better than the Lakers. I'm hoping that last line was Trojan horsed in here far enough that chamber will read it on the show before realizing it because we know he ain't reading this ahead of time. Oh my God. Yes, mom. Anyway, I'm a big fan of the DJ of the show and like we, the guys at DJ network are building. Definitely the listen. If you're into crypto and web three, even if you aren't into that stuff, you probably have a good time. All right, that's the winner right there.
Speaker B: Who was that?
Speaker A: Uh, someone that goes by the name of Lil Dill.
Speaker B: Oh, Lil Dill.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Little, nice little dill's in the house.
Speaker A: Oh.
Speaker B: Shouts out for real.
Speaker A: Amazing little dill in the house. What?
Speaker C: I pinned, I pinned the clip of chamber berating everybody to, you know, this.
Speaker A: Goes to show, this goes to show how much I don't go back and listen to the show. I actually saw this, I retweeted it, I engaged with it, and I never actually listened to it. So I don't know Dow jump in here. You want to give us a live review?
Speaker E: There's just a lot going on. I got this k pop town. I'm kind of in and out, you know. I wanted to shout out the D team, Djen Media squad. That's my boys. If you're out there in Austin, definitely reach out to them, get some more clips. Chamber. I want to go into the contributors little discord thing we have. And you kicked me out because I'm not going to be con.
Speaker B: That's right. It's now the vcon.
Speaker A: Wow. That is, there is no love lost, huh?
Speaker E: I can't ask why we didn't edit the 360 videos to not be the weird bubbles, but excellent, excellent edit. I had a lot of fun doing it. In fact, way too much fun. Just like riggs. I think the whole town knew we had too much fun. And I can't wait to do it again. And then, you know, obviously we had spoken about passing the reins to rect and reading some of these reviews, mainly the one left by you bunch, who was just, we thought chamber was supposed to be the sociopath here. But then I'm reading best showing crypto fun and informative. Great guests, imaginative non crypto games, Joe O'Rourke. So, like, I'm a little concerned with that. And I'm gonna have to read all the fine print in this contract. I'm not willing to give you my skin to wear. And no, I'm not going in the hole with the lotion bunch.
Speaker A: That's funny, by the way. When are we firing that up? When are we ready?
Speaker E: I'm ready to go. That's what I came up here. I'm gonna start fucking pressing rig the second he gets back. We're gonna get some video on. I'm trying to drag Mister Pink along because anyone has ever seen that man on camera. He's fucking hysterical. And come on, come on. We really want this to be like the all star show. We're going to be trying to get some founders on there who are really, really down bad and we want them to cry to us.
Speaker A: I really hope you're able to do this.
Speaker E: I'm really going to try to. But the way that that all starts is always getting in there and tagging everybody and their mother. So please show up. We're going to be doing it on video. You talk to the hologram guys. We're going to work out. If some people want to get involved without showing their face, hologram will help us. Just remember, it will probably be riggs dick Beeplehead going on your face. So come on, come on. We're open for business. Give us about two weeks when a revamp, some graphics and our style there and we're going to get this going.
Speaker A: I love it. I am very excited about, I'm getting roasted in the war room for that review. Fantastic. Payne paid was my favorite.
Speaker E: Signed into your account and wrote that.
Speaker A: Well, somebody said, does that mean. Beasel said, does that mean chamber is Ant Hill 7441, which was the nom can 95? Yeah. Oh, Captain Zwingli left us one a year ago. Like the Beatles of NFT shows. It's like John, Paul, George and Ringo discussing web three and this JP fella. I love reading these. Please give us more reviews. Make them funny. Uh, you could give us a five star review and trash us. That would be fun too.
Speaker B: But yeah, I'd rather the five star review.
Speaker C: Also, if you had listened back to the show, we actually said, hey, if you leave us a comment, we'll read it out loud on the show. So you're.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, he wasn't even here for that. I thought he was just doing it.
Speaker A: Oh, good. No, I didn't know that you were doing it. Thanks for keeping like, thanks for following up on your word chamber. I had no idea this was a thing.
Speaker B: I feel like Payne said that pain with K. You agree with it?
Speaker A: Well, I'm, I love this. So I will read these all the time.
Speaker C: We went from, we went from reading Coin Telegraph to reading our own reviews.
Speaker A: I have a correction on the record that I need to make. That review I just read was not about our show. It was actually about the night shift. So is that what it was for real? Yeah, I, I went back up and I didn't get the. Yeah, so the night shift reviews are off the charts and that Captain Zwingli one was a night shift review. Dang. Oh, well. Shouts to being a cringy virgin. In our mom's basement chamber. Mister house.
Speaker D: Yeah, it seems like you guys. You guys got to do a little bit better on the review game. Like, NFT night shift isn't yelling at people for reviews, and they're getting five stars left and right. Maybe. Maybe we haven't. Maybe we discussed Chamber not editing out the podcast because maybe that's what's hindering the reviews, is he's taken out all the good content.
Speaker A: Maybe this could be a thing. However, I will say we do have an overall 4.7% star rating. So, you know, we're doing.
Speaker B: That's pretty good.
Speaker A: Yeah. And that's on Apple. On Spotify Apple. These ones are unsolicited by you. This one is October 7, 2022. Great podcast. My favorite. Go to weekly podcast. This one says Degens with decent advice. Thanks, Vinnie. Cause that's. Oh, that's from our friend Shovel. We know shovel. Okay, cool. Yeah, so there you go. And I think I'm done with reviews for today, but that was really funny. I'm gonna go leave a one star review for night shift after this. Couple more topics before we get out of here. Chamber. Coinbase, are you familiar with. Okay. Coinbase launches stand with crypto campaign. Have you seen this?
Speaker B: Sounds like something I don't want to get involved in.
Speaker A: Um, I have not want to stand with crypto.
Speaker B: No, no. I've seen the people in crypto. Not people I want to stand. Okay.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, that's, uh. Actually. I'm dying at that. That's actually really funny. Uh, Coinbase launch. I don't know if you saw this.
Speaker B: No, I didn't see this.
Speaker A: But so after the, like, Gary Gensler, did you see the Gary Gensler videos where he was getting just absolutely destroyed last week in front of Congress? So after that, Brian Armstrong, who's the CEO of Coinbase, came out and tweeted, like, basically, we will take Coinbase offshore if we have to, basically threatening that it's not off the table. And so today we saw. Or yesterday, Coinbase launched a stand with crypto commemorative NFT collection to raise funds for crypto advocacy organizations and showcase support for the broader crypto ecosystem. It's a free mint, and you can actually add the shield emoji to your Twitter display name to show your support. And the proceeds donated to a vetted organization. So Coinbase out here trying to do their part, so they are consistently out there fighting for regulation and clarity. So, you know, kudos to them. I think they're kind of like, oh, at the time of this of the writing of this article, by the way, from lucky trader. There was almost 19,000 of these minted. This was yesterday.
Speaker B: Really?
Speaker A: Yeah. So apparently getting some good support there, but yeah, I mean, Coinbase, they're kind of like our last bastion of hope as far as, like, fighting for regulation in the US. I mean, I don't know.
Speaker B: What are your thoughts for the US specifically? Absolutely. Yeah.
Speaker A: Like, what else do we have?
Speaker B: The twins are done, right? The twins are gone.
Speaker A: No, they're not. They still.
Speaker B: I thought they filed for chapter eleven.
Speaker A: No. Gemini. Still a thing. No.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: You're thinking of that. They had the, um. They were affected by the lone. The gosh. What? I don't even remember what.
Speaker F: It's Voyager.
Speaker A: Yeah, the Voyager stuff, I believe.
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker A: And so they. But it wasn't specifically Gemini as an organization.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: So there's. There's the twins, but no, Coinbase is by far the, you know, the last big soldier for. For the US. As far as getting, you know, advocating for cryptocurrency and getting it normalized, I just don't think it's gonna happen. I don't know. Not.
Speaker A: Well, I mean, we need some clarity one way or another, whether absolutely or not, like, you know what I mean? So. So go Coinbase and go Mister Armstrong. But lastly here, it wouldn't be a day if we didn't talk some Yuga news. Do you want to fill us in on the Yuga news since you're such a yuga, Maxi? Or would you like me to do it?
Speaker B: Maybe you should do it. I don't want to seem like I'm playing for one team only at this point.
Speaker A: Right. Of course, the HVMTL reveal is delayed until May, so the hvs will not be making their way across the reveal threshold until May, according to the official board ape yacht club Twitter account. So the Twitter account appeared to note the delay by cryptically saying, one turn right, one turn up, three down, two up. Fuck. Locked itself again. We'll need more time to figure this out. Wow, that's. That is cryptic. I would never. So that tells me that it's delayed till May. Of course, the actual site confirms the minor delay. And with the updated infographic now showing May rather than April. Besides, you know, another week or two of pent up anticipation. I don't really see too much here. No, you know, floors dropped across the board, but I don't know if it's because of the delay. It's just is what it is. So, um, that's all. But if you were waiting for that, it is not happening in the next week, so you can rest easy. But May is only a week away. May is only a couple days away. Isn't that crazy?
Speaker B: I took the first week of May off just because.
Speaker A: Really? Just cuz.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, my, my work implemented unlimited paid time off. Like unlimited vacations. You guys have that yet?
Speaker A: We will when AI takes all our jobs. We don't have it yet, so I don't know.
Speaker B: I think it's a scam, to be honest. So I used to get like four weeks paid holidays, but they, they said unlimited. So now it's unlimited. Right.
Speaker A: I think there's some like, study that shows that if you have unlimited paid time, you're going to take less. Yeah.
Speaker B: 100%. You're not. You're not thinking about it. So now I have to force myself to take four weeks and one day off every year just to make sure I'm beating the system. So because I leave it up, I bank them sometimes and like, bring them to the next year. Like, I think in like 2023 I had like five weeks. So, yeah, so, yeah, I just don't take enough. So I took a week off of May. I'm getting my wisdom teeth out on Monday. So I'll have, you know, take a day off for that. I have, I only have two wisdom teeth. It's a weird thing. So I only have them on one side of my face, but yes, I have both of them. The only two I have are both coming out.
Speaker A: It. That makes so much more sense of why sometimes you're wise and sometimes you're not. It just depends on what side of the mouth you're missing out on. Yeah.
Speaker B: So on Monday. So this happened in Monday morning. I don't know if I'll be able to do a show on Monday. We'll find out probably, right?
Speaker A: I think. I mean, you can, you can just show up weekly. Even if you, even if you can't talk, you can show up. Right? Does it sound, do I sound much better today? I was sick the last two weeks. I didn't, barely had a voice last time we did this.
Speaker B: So, yeah, you sound regular now.
Speaker A: Still not, still not at 100%. But we're out here nonetheless. I did put up in the top the reminder for coffee with captain tomorrow morning, so please tap that RSVP button and show coffee with Captain some love. Let's go down to v squared before we close it down.
Speaker C: So I know we're trying to close out, but I was sitting here thinking as you were talking about the Coinbase deal and they said they're raising money for crypto advocacy, but it's a free.
Speaker A: Mint, so I was thinking the same thing.
Speaker C: Yeah, I was kind of. I was kind of confused about that. There may be more to it. I was wondering if anybody knew.
Speaker A: Is it like secondary market transactions, but like who the hell is buying these on secondary.
Speaker C: Right. Because we've all seen how, well, you know, relying on secondary sales works for everybody in the space.
Speaker A: Very true. I was actually just looking. What is this? Does somebody know what the world timer NFT is? No, I just looked in my opensea wallet for something and I have something called world timer and there is a offer of 0.24. We on it?
Speaker C: Probably a scam.
Speaker A: I don't know. Wallet. Weird, huh? I don't know. We'll find out. If I lose all my money, it'll be a sad Friday, but when at least we'll be drafting music.
Speaker C: So that's for sure a scam. But also we have. Oh, somebody coming up.
Speaker A: Blockchain ninja is going to yell at me.
Speaker F: Do not click it. It's a scam. I already sent the link to my contacted opensea. It should get taken down here pretty shortly. But yeah, don't click on it. 100% a scam.
Speaker A: Interesting. It's like pretty official. Looking good, good scam.
Speaker B: Maybe I should click on it just to be safe.
Speaker A: Yeah, try it.
Speaker F: I swear to God I'm gonna find you.
Speaker A: Blockchain ninja. Have you actually like, what, what exactly is the scam here?
Speaker F: So the wallet that's sending those out, they don't have, one, we've approved for transactions on their wallet, and two, they don't have any leaf in the wallet itself. So I mean, either way they do that to try to get you to click the links that are in the NFTs. And that's where the scam lies is usually on those websites.
Speaker A: Smart. Let's see where this. Yeah, so right in the description, right in my face, the worldtimer dot XYz link. There's a couple links here, right in the description, so I'm guessing that's where it is. So don't click them. And thank you, blockchain ninja. Appreciate you. It also says it's on arbitrum. That's so weird. But. And then it also says it's an eleven ERC 1155. So definitely a scam. Thanks for jumping up and letting everybody know about it. And that's gonna do it for us. Chamber. Anything else?
Speaker B: Nothing for me, nothing from me. Don't click on bad links. Yeah, and don't believe all billionaires are storytellers. I think is the key takeaway.
Speaker A: Wow, that's really stuck with you today, huh? That's the thing. That's it.
Speaker B: I just wish I could tell a story, okay? That's all. And I don't like how rich people are co opting it.
Speaker A: Fair enough. That's going to do it for us. Leave us a five star review with a one star comment. That would be much appreciated. We'll read them on Friday before the draft. Thank you very much for listening. And until next time, stay mint.
