Speaker A: Hello and welcome to a very special edition of the Mint Condition. I am Joe, alongside my esteemed colleague and co host, Chad. Chad, how you doing, buddy?
Speaker B: I'm doing good, man. I thought you were going to start spitting bars there for a second.
Speaker A: No, two days in a row we.
Speaker B: Got limited edition of the Mint condition, you know.
Speaker A: Oh, I like that. It's fresh out the kitchen, all of that. All of that stuff. We have a exciting short and sweet little episode for us today. We're going to be. It is that time of year. Chad, I don't know about you, but I am a huge college basketball fan, so March Madness appeals to me greatly. It is one of my favorite weekends of the year. I actually took Friday off for the first day of the tournament, so. Yeah. And so we've done this on our old show where we put together a little bracket, and we're going to do it on our new show, too. So tell the people what we got going on today.
Speaker B: So in the spirit of the madness that is March, what we want to do is do our own little bracket in our own world, and that world is digital collectibles. And the hottest digital collectible right now is NBA top shots.
Speaker A: That's right.
Speaker B: So we're gonna be. Our team has put together the top 64.
Speaker A: I wanna say yes. So here's what I did. So we put together the top 64 moments in NBA Top shot by. By lowest ask at the time I pulled this. So yesterday I pulled this and I did, what are the 64 most expensive moments in top shot? And then I saw I seeded them out by one versus 64 and two versus 63, so on and so forth until we got a bracket. So we have the top 64 by price moments in top shot that we are going to bracket against each other. How are we going to decide the fate of the bracket here, Chad?
Speaker B: Well, you know what I think, you know where I like to get all my information from is social media. So what we'll do is we're gonna be, we're gonna be putting out tweets for every single matchup, and we're gonna have you, the people from social media, the listeners, the viewers, pick who, you know, which moment's your favorite. We got Lebron's, we got Katie, we got ja, we got zionda. We got them all.
Speaker A: We got a lot of tweets.
Speaker B: It's a lot of tweets.
Speaker A: It's a lot of tweets. It's a lot of work. It's a lot of voting.
Speaker B: So first round is nuts, though. That first round is crazy.
Speaker A: Yeah. So we're going to be posting the tweets. So follow us on Twitter, Chad. Maybe throw our Twitter handle in the non financial advice ticker.
Speaker B: I think I have that right. Take a look. We have it right here. You can follow us at the Mint con. So the Mint c o n d on Twitter, Instagram, Facebook and TikTok. But these, uh, these polls will be going out on Twitter only. Um, that's where everybody is. So that's where we're going to put the, uh. That's where we're going to put that.
Speaker A: Yep. And, uh, we do hope that you will retweet these matchups. We want to get the most amount of votes that we possibly can out to the people. We're just going to do them in a Twitter poll. We'll link the moments. I think this is going to be fun because, you know, I'm not sure how many people actually look at these specific moments, but this is going to make you do it, and it's going to be interesting to see what people value. Do they value, because some of these moments are series one or actually, most of them are series one, but in series one, there is some repeat moments. Right. So do they. Do they value the player over a matchup? Do they value, you know, cosmic versus hollow in some matchups or just the moment, how cool the moment is itself, maybe. What?
Speaker B: Awesome. Some of these moments are just awesome.
Speaker A: Yeah. And so what we're going to do right now is just go through the bracket. We're not going to go through every single moment. We're only. We're going to go through the matchups, and then we're going to show the number one seed in each bracket here. So we've got a. Here's our march moment madness with the mint condition logo all put together by our good buddy des. So, chambers, what?
Speaker B: Let's start up at the top left. I think we start with the west.
Speaker A: That would be the west. So let's break this down. So we've got. Let's just go with the number 16 seed is the Jason Tatum. Lace them up three. Number 15, the KD. Run it back. So it's. It's gonna see. You're gonna be seeing a good. I think there's a pretty good mix of players in here, considering what the, you know, the market caps of these. Some of these moments are. Right. There's gonna be a lot of LeBron like, I'm not gonna be surprised if LeBron takes the whole thing. Of course. Yeah. Yeah. Number 14, you got Derrick Rose from the top. So there's actually two. Yeah, there's Derek Rose from the top at 14. Um, the number 13 is a Jimmy Butler. Number twelve is a Jimmy Butler. So he's got. He's could face himself.
Speaker B: Buckets all over this one.
Speaker A: He could face himself at a round two matchup. Number eleven, the Chris Paul hollow. Number ten here. Si. Occam. So we've got a wide variety here. What player or anything sticks out to you as a potential upset here?
Speaker B: Um, let's. I mean, I'm gonna pull it up again. Hang on one sec. Um, I would say. I was gonna say maybe the d rose, but he's going up against a giannis. Cosmic. That one's a little tough. Um, you know what? Maybe like a. Maybe like a butler hollow. Like a twelve five upset over trail.
Speaker A: Okay, that happening. All right. I wouldn't be surprised. I wouldn't be surprised here if we seed.
Speaker B: Maybe.
Speaker A: I wouldn't be surprised if we see. Maybe I wouldn't be surprised if we see the 15 upset. The two here. Kevin Durant over a Zion. Just from a really. I mean, if you're voting by based on player, you might. All right, so we're actually going to show the number one seed in each bracket. So this one is the LeBron James Hollow dunk. Now, what is interesting about this to go to find this, uh. To go to find this moment, you actually couldn't. I had to go to evaluate market and go find this moment and pull up one of the owners because this moment does not even exist on the marketplace. Yeah. So, like. No, there's none of these for sale.
Speaker B: Is that what you're saying?
Speaker A: Right. Correct. You cannot buy one. So that's why there's no price there. So that is the. I would say the number one seed in the entire tournament here, uh, would be that LeBron hollow. So we've got. Yeah, we. That one's got a heavy favorite on it in the Vegas odds, I would say.
Speaker B: I would agree.
Speaker A: Let's go over to the south bracket. What do we got in the south? So the. Yeah, this is an interesting one, too. We've got ja at one and luca at two. You know, some interesting other players in here. There's a Joel Embiid. A couple steps. What do you say? There's a Jalen Brown in here. Dame. PG 13. I think we've got a lot of different player mix in this bracket. What do you think?
Speaker B: I see some upsets. I don't know how PG 13 got a five seed over the LeBron season one base dunk. PG 13 is garbage. So a twelve five upset. I could see that happening here. Maybe a 13 four with the Zion rookie block.
Speaker A: Now, again, these are based on price. So based on lowest asking price. So no one should be paying one.
Speaker B: Red penny for PG 13.
Speaker A: Yeah, now, it's funny. We. You know, people are saying he. PG 13. Could be a hall of famer. You. It sounds like what hall of Fame?
Speaker B: Not the Basketball hall of Fame.
Speaker A: No, probably not.
Speaker B: Probably the Heimlich hall of Fame.
Speaker A: But yeah, we mean playoff p. You're nothing. Playoff.
Speaker B: Don't even start it.
Speaker A: All right, so the number one seed in this bracket is the Ja Morant. The Ja Morant. So that is his hollow dunk. Correct.
Speaker B: Exciting. Yes, it is. And we were talking just before this. We are both big fans of Ja. I hope one day he is wearing the purple and gold. Once he realizes that, memphis, there's no place for him.
Speaker A: So check this moment out. This is pretty, pretty aggressive dunk here. I mean, this is impressive.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, I'm a bit. Yeah, I think this guy's, you know, as I get older, I realize, like, even the young guys that I liked are now kind of like, you know, middle aged for NBA players. And there's a. You know, we were talking on the last episode just about some of the rookies in those. In those, you know, those three badge players that we were talking about. A lot of those guys. I mean, I know their names, but, you know, on the. On the lower tiers, like. Like, I don't know many of these guys. What they do, what they're good at. So. No, it's. It's definitely. It's definitely interesting to see these young guys come up. So, John, did you see that?
Speaker A: That is the. The lowest ask on that one right now. 200, 4240. You guys spend a quarter. No kidding. Holy cow. But that is bracket number two. Now we're going to go down to the west. What do we got in the west, Chad?
Speaker B: We have.
Speaker A: No, this is. Sorry, I'm sorry. We got to go. It's the east.
Speaker B: Oh, we got to east. Okay, 1 second. Bring that up for you. We're going east.
Speaker A: Okay, so now we have. Here we have the number one seed. So again, we got a. We got an Ola depot as a 16 that's probably going to get blown out of the water. You got jokic, you got Kawhi. We've got a good Aaron Gordon making an appearance. This. This one, I think you're going to see a big upset. I'm calling the upset in this one. The 14 over three. The 14 over three. And I'm going to. I'm going to say that goes maybe to the Elite Eight.
Speaker B: Oh, really?
Speaker A: Yes. That's the. That's the Giannis run it back layup, the one we were talking about yesterday on the show, one that has the rookie badge. So I don't know. I think that that could upset. It's his own counterpart in his own matchup there. But. So our first seed overall, this is a typo up in the top here, but our first seed overall on this one is the LeBron throwdown. The LeBron throwdown. So this is the Kobe tribute dunk.
Speaker B: Yes, I have it right here. Let me pull it up.
Speaker A: So this has got to be your favorite moment, I would think.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, by far, it's. It's my favorite moment. I remember watching this live and yelling at the tv, saying, did he do that? Like. I mean, I don't know. You played sports growing up as a kid.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: When I'm playing sports, I am not thinking of other things. So to be at the athletic level of LeBron James that he can say, I think I'm gonna. You know, I know where I am on the court. You know, I'm remembering a Kobe dunk from, like, 15 years ago. I'm gonna recreate that in the moment. I mean, I'm basically trying to keep alive when I'm running full stuff. I'm not thinking about dunks that happened in the. In the annals of the NBA history. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, that's insane to me, that he.
Speaker A: Remembered to do that, and this is going to be. I mean, this is a popular moment on the platform. You know, you probably won't ever see a Kobe moment. This is probably as close as you'll get.
Speaker B: This is the. This is the bait. So this is a dunk throw down. What's the. What do we have? Like, what's the. What do we have a mint on this one? I'm going to pull it. I'm going to pull down here. I should know if we have the amount that was minted, because at $39,000, that's a steal of a deal.
Speaker A: Well, so this is the one that Jack bought for 50 grand. The number 23.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: I believe. Right?
Speaker B: This is just the. This is the cheap.
Speaker A: Oh, no, he was. Sorry. He bought the cosmic.
Speaker B: Cosmic.
Speaker A: Yeah, he did not buy the tribute dunk. So I don't know where the mint is on there.
Speaker B: I can't see, that's all right, but I mean, you can get one for the price of a luxury minivan. So, like, that's, that's, that's not, it's not nothing.
Speaker A: That's not nothing. And then we've got our last little bracket here.
Speaker B: Where are we going after this one?
Speaker A: The Midwest division, I believe. Midwest, yes. So Midwest. Um, another couple people making their first. We got a Rui coming up here. We've got RJ Barrett making an appearance. We've got Rudy Gobert making an appearance in the bracket, James Harden, and so I, you know, what do you think? We've got a pretty wide variety of players, which I'm happy about. I was concerned if we just went by price, we wouldn't see a variety of players, but I think we have.
Speaker B: I like that Rui at not 14, at ten. That's a nice one. Over. Over jokic. That could happen, I think.
Speaker A: And we'll see. I don't have a huge upset coming out of this one. I don't know. I don't know. You know, I think it might be the. Maybe another LeBron over Zion at some point. You could see that up top. The jaw might come out of this. It could be, you know, there's a lot of interesting matchups here, but what's cool about this is we're going to link all of the moments to the Twitter thread and you're going to be able to watch every single one, which is going to be the fun part of this. Right? So that. Yeah, so the number one overall seed in this is the Zion Williamson cosmic block. It's just epic. It's pretty awesome.
Speaker B: I hope he can last, you know, 15 seasons in the NBA. I really.
Speaker A: That would be pretty awesome.
Speaker B: I just, I just, again, the science.
Speaker A: Bat that thing into the crazy, how.
Speaker B: Much power he creates. I just hope his body can, can stand the test of time. So that's my only worry with Zion.
Speaker A: Lowest ask on this is currently $210,000. There are only three of them for sale on the platform. So that is, that is what you're working with, with some of these top end moments.
Speaker B: So you were mentioning on the last show, just to kind of know, for the people that are maybe just topshot people that, you know, see $210,000 and think like we're, this is the bubbles about to burst. You were mentioning, and this has stuck with me since yesterday, you were mentioning some of the, some of the cards that are like, physical cards that I've been trading. Like what? How much was that, Luca?
Speaker A: Physical card, a $4.4 million card. I believe it sold for like. Yeah.
Speaker B: So a Zion for $210,000 is not that unrealistic.
Speaker A: That's right.
Speaker B: Maybe a value. I don't know.
Speaker A: That's right. That's a steal at twice the price, it sounds like. Right. So there you have it. So just a short and sweet episode to kick this off and describe what we're going to be doing. And then next week on the show, hopefully we'll have the voting down to, I would say, the elite eight.
Speaker B: I think we should. We should be able to get there.
Speaker A: I hope we can get to the elite eight. So we could show all eight moments on the show, maybe some repeats that we just showed. I'm going to say that I'm going to call the shot now that Kobe tribute will be there.
Speaker B: I don't disagree. I think that one will be there.
Speaker A: I'm not sure if the jaw, it'll be interesting. I'm not sure the weight that the jaw and Zion will have versus something like LeBron, you may have three LeBron, you may have two or two Lebrons in the five, in the Elite eight. You know, now there could be, now.
Speaker B: There could be a difference between what people feel when they're purchasing a moment and how they feel on social media, like, what their heart tells them. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Well, that's why I want to see, like, are people really into the moment? Right. You know, and. Or are they just because this isn't about getting the best return. Right. It's just about exactly what the best moments on the platform.
Speaker B: Obviously, LeBron's going to be the most popular on, on top shot because it's, you know, it's, it's as, it's as safe. As safe can be as far as a, you know, store of value, if you will.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker B: We're using that, the bitcoin of.
Speaker A: Who'S the ethereum, I guess Zion. He's just big and slow and.
Speaker B: Maybe that is correct. That is correct.
Speaker A: There it is. So that's going to do it. We are going keep an eye out for these tweets. Just a little quick episode. Just having some fun here during March Madness. And please retweet these out so we can get the most engagement. It's always fun when we get down to the wire on some of these votes, but. Anything else to add there, Chad?
Speaker B: No, just make sure you follow us on Twitter at the Mint cond. The mint cond to follow us and to participate in all these thousands of tweets that are coming in nonstop. So wait for the tweet parade.
Speaker A: It's going to be cool. Awesome. Well, that is going to do it for us. We will be back on Tuesday of next week with a new show. And until then, stay mint.
