Speaker A: Hello and welcome to the mint condition episode number eleven. I am Bunchu, aka Joe Bunch. You bets. I'm so used to my old sign on for Rekt podcast, but alongside my esteemed colleagues and co host, Chamber and Des Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker B: I am doing pretty good. I decided to not go by my, you know, birth name and keep it to the same one for ease of transition. Yeah, no, still, still doing good. You know, I'm sure we're all aping into all sorts of NFTs, which we'll get to today. I don't know if I'm coming or going these days. I don't know what I have in my wallet. It's crazy. Times.
Speaker A: Aping is probably the correct and the correct way to describe what we've been up to this past week. Des, I can only explain it as, I don't know, nft. Nft shark week? Nft week? What? Like the week of what? It, well, you described it very nicely, like the NfT week of the year, but I feel like I don't even know if it's going to slow down after this week. What are your thoughts nf tweak? That's good.
Speaker C: I like that. That's good because it adds the tweaking aspect, which I think we're all addicted at this point. So that's, that's double entrepreneur. That's good. That's good. Chamber. No, it's been, it's been a crazy week, you know, to say the least. And I do see it somewhat slowing down. I think you can't get better than this week as far as the amount of projects and the high profile projects that are releasing. But, you know, it's been a ride and it's only Wednesday. That's what's crazy. It's only Wednesday.
Speaker A: It's only Wednesday. So we had, we had, I mean, it started last Friday with board Ape Yacht club, which is what you're looking at in my background here. And I gotta tell you, I was a little upset when I woke up Saturday morning and again into Sunday morning, bored. Ape Yacht Club hit very quickly. I actually had some guests visit over the weekend and I was, it's like one of the only times I wasn't attached to my phone in the last like month and a half and I missed everything. And I woke up to a telegram message from Des that basically said, you guys are losers for sleeping. And so explain to the folks at home, Des, what happened with board ape Yacht club.
Speaker C: I feel like this is my first payoff. Like the first legit payoff for being in this space somewhat early. And I was just on Twitter late night Friday, and it's important to mention it's Pacific time.
Speaker A: I was going to say it's really your payoff for being Pacific time. Yes, true, true.
Speaker C: I mean, we pay, we pay a lot in California for a living, and that's definitely the NFT. Late nights is one of the benefits. So, you know, it was just a coincidence. I mean, I was on Twitter at 11:00 p.m. and Josh Ong, who controls a lot of the clubhouses and Twitter spaces for our NFT community, he posted one very simple tweet and goes, hey, I just got this new, I got this new profile pic, cool project from, from board ape Yacht club. And there's two things that stood out to me, how cool the avatar was. I just thought it was cool like this monkey. I love it. And then the second piece was the bored ape yacht club. I think they did a phenomenal job selecting, like, their words, and it just hooked me. I'm like, hell yeah. Cool yacht club for apes. Like, let's go. That's digital. That's digital at its best. That's metaverse at its best. I want to be part of this yacht club. So I dove in, I bought one. And the way you did it is you minted it on the site and then it sent to your opensea. So it was pretty sweet. I mean, it was, you minted is very easy to do. It was 0.08, Ethan. So, like $300, 350 at the time. And so I bought one just to get an avatar, and I got the crappiest one. It was just the lamest, like, most simple version. And I was like, no, no, no, no. I saw Josh's one. I want a cooler one. So I bought another one. And it was this sick one. I mean, it had like two, three traits under 1%. I was like, this is amazing. And then I just chased that entire feeling for the rest of the night and just kept minting and minting and minting and, you know, how many would.
Speaker A: You end up at it?
Speaker C: I mean, I'm not working with a chamber budget, okay? So, like, if I was working with a chamber budget, I would stop it, but instead I'm working with the funds I got. So I bought 37.
Speaker A: Wow. That is. I mean, honestly, at. It's really not as crazy as it sounds, right? But the, I mean, that was, it was a lot of, that's a lot of apes. So now can I stop real quick?
Speaker B: Yeah, I just got a text from my wife and I feel I need to share it with you too. Okay.
Speaker A: Okay. Go ahead.
Speaker B: I wouldn't stop it unless it was breaking news.
Speaker C: Breaking news. Goal.
Speaker B: Text message.
Speaker A: FYI, why don't you have a damn ape?
Speaker B: FYI, I 1 second. And this is, this reminds me. It does too. Says FYI. Reheated Arby's. Reheated Arby's cheddar is chef's kiss. It is. It is killing me right now.
Speaker C: We need them as a sponsor. We need them as a sponsor.
Speaker B: Reheated Arby's is chef's kiss.
Speaker A: Chamber thinks Arby's is the best fast food on the planet. And it's very underrated.
Speaker B: I'm saying it's the most underrated fast food on the planet.
Speaker C: It's hard to be overrated.
Speaker A: I mean, continue. What can go wrong? I don't know.
Speaker B: All right, let's continue. I apologize, but that was good.
Speaker A: So you aped board aped. You were hyped ape yacht club for this. You minted 37. And there were 10,000 of these available. Right? So. But they were literally all sold out by the morning. Is that correct?
Speaker C: So it was the craziest thing to be a part of that discord. That was another thing. Is just fun being a part of the community because it was popping at the time. So I remember being in the discord at a thousand sold. A thousand sold. So a couple of my first mints were under 2000, and it just picked up steam. And it had been, it was live that entire day. Like, it wasn't live the almost the entire day. And it just sat. It sat at a thousand. And then social media took over that night and all of a sudden, three pretty big whales jumped into the discord. It was like Jimmy ethnicity pranksy. And of course, there was one more. Oh, blow.
Speaker A: Blow. Yep.
Speaker C: Yeah. Wow. Jumped in. And once that got out, oh, my God. I mean, in a matter of 4 hours, three, maybe three and a half hours, they sold out. And I remember people being like, oh, it's going to sell out by tomorrow night. Oh, it's going to sell out in the next 3 hours. Oh, it's going to sell out in the next five minutes. And the last thousand, I swear to God, the last thousand took twelve minutes to mint.
Speaker A: That's crazy. So I did not get in under this. Under at the entry price. I went hunting on Sunday in the secondary market, so I overpaid at the current floor. But I think what I got was pretty decent. So, you know, we, I think Des needs to be newly nicknamed like the trait master or like Trait hunter. Like, he's. He's been, you know, he's like, telling us what the number one traits are for all these projects that we're going to talk about today. He telling us the number one traits, what was rare, what people are into. So, like, how do you. I mean, first of all, how did you know so fast? And. And, uh, because I feel like on every project we're going to talk about today, that was your mo.
Speaker C: I feel like that's the only way I make money in this space is there's just such an inefficiency when, um, when a drop happens. Because Opensea takes a long time to populate the traits to get those accurate percentages of like, oh, this is a 1% trait versus a 5% trait. And it takes forever and it's just super inefficient. So the first thing I do when I kind of jumping into a project is look online if there's anything on the website to show trait rarity or anything like that, and just try to snipe. Most of the time, there isn't. Most of the time, they don't publish the rarity charts beforehand. Rightly. So then the next best thing is just be on Opensea and just keep clicking those fields and see, you know, which ones are on the lowest part, you know, because you'll start to get an accurate representation after probably 1000 minutes of what is rare. Then just set your. Set your fields and hope someone posts something low. So that, I mean, that's. And that's goes for it. That goes for almost every single drop that has some sort of rarity based component to it. So.
Speaker A: So I'm now the owner of four apes. Four. Four ape yacht club for. For me over here. Yeah, I.
Speaker C: Oh, and then just as a, as a helpful hint, just from past experience, I always go to the traits that are easily identifiable.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker C: So, like, if there's something that just stands out, like a giant massive. Like the fur. The fur on an ape, right. It makes up like 80% of the ape. It stands out to me. I value a rare trait in the fur more than like a small diamond stud earring that people might not even recognize on the image. So I always overvalue very obvious traits, even if they're less rare than a diamond stud. I value the ones you can. Anyone can kind of notice that's important.
Speaker B: What's the floor on this right now?
Speaker C: I think it's 35.35.
Speaker A: It's. It's about 0.35 so this is a good topic. Right. So the floor right now is, as my page refreshes, last I saw was 0.35, but this morning it was lower. So there's one left at 0.35, then it jumps to 0.690.370. .375 so very realistically, the floor very soon could be back to 0.4. And the reason you're seeing this be bought up today versus what had happened, you know, just kind of the rest of the weekend was a third party added liquidity pool to it. Right. So nftx.org has added a board ape yacht club liquidity pool and chamber. So this is, this is your wheelhouse with, you know, normal crypto talk, right? Have you, have you participated, done a lot of farming in, in your times in crypto yet? And defi.
Speaker B: So I have done farming not as much as others, not even close. But it, when I saw that today, I think Des, you posted in our group chat that you can get liquidity provider tokens by providing liquidity with your NFTs. Is that what I read?
Speaker C: Right, does actually bunch you that posted it?
Speaker B: Oh, there's a bunch that posted. So, so correct me if I'm wrong, so you can take your, your board eight yacht club ape and take the equivalent in Ethereum, I'm assuming is, is what we're, is what we're creating that LP token with versus Ethereum. Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah. So essentially how it works is you can take your ape, right, and you donate it to the pool and in return you get a board ape yacht club token, which is equal to the current price of the floor. Right. So you don't even need to post.
Speaker B: You don't even need to post Ethereum.
Speaker A: No. So you can literally just, you get the, you post your ape, you get the token, right? Now this board ape yacht club token is equal to whatever the floor is. So if the floor rises, so does your token, and then you can actually provide liquidity with that token or you can swap it for Ethereum. Right? So this is such a fantastic thing because, you know, NFTX, and I think there's one other one, NFT 20 or something that provides these liquidity pools with nfts because that's such a huge piece, have a whole portfolio of nfts undercutting happen on price and whatever, right? But so what this liquidity pool does is it actually helps raise the floor or keep the floor steady, right? So say you have an average ape and you want money for the Zed run drop that's going to happen this weekend. You are, you know, instead of undercutting the market and devaluing what your asset is just to get it out the door, you can now donate it to this pool, get the floor price. So it kind of takes away that undercutting. Right. And what you should be very careful of, though, is if you're doing this, you want to only donate to this pool. Low end apes, right? Or low end tokens. Right. Not the most rare because you're only getting the floor price. There's no way to account for any of your rarity. So what's interesting is you, what's interesting is there are some apes in this pool that people have donated that or, you know, that people have put in this pool that have 1% traits on them, right? So, like, there's a service ape, there's one with the blue dress, which is less than 1%. And so when you go back to exchange your token, so you want to say you want to redeem it for another ape you're now going to get, not the ape you originally put in necessarily. It's going to be a random nft from the pool. So you could potentially have a one. And there's 32 in this pool right now. You could have a one or two in 32 chance at a less than 1% trade if you just dumped an old one in. So it actually presents an opportunity to arbitrage as well. Or that's crazy snipe and things like that. So is there anything I missed there that either of you, you know, have insight on or question about?
Speaker C: So you open up a lemonade project?
Speaker A: Yeah. Des tried to explain it earlier with a lemonade stand analogy in it. I don't know if that was it.
Speaker C: It's one of my favorite scenes from the office when Oscar tries to explain surplus to Michael using a lemonade stand metaphor. So I always try to do that.
Speaker A: That's a great one. But, yeah, so, I mean, it's just super interesting. And now what you're seeing is the floor actually rising. So, you know, what I did today was I saw some 1% trait floor apes on Opensea, and that gave me a lot more confidence to potentially grab one and try to resell it higher. And guess what? If it doesn't work now, it's super low risk because I grabbed them at a, uh, at the, the floor or near. So I know, oh, that I can go now and just throw these back in the pile, get my eth out. And that, you know, that makes that much more low risk, in my opinion. And who knows, maybe the floor will be higher than what I paid for both of them, and I'll just make some profit naturally that way. So, you know, very interesting. But that's board API club. There's so many different things. So now it's kind of a, you know, it's a community project, right? Just like crypto punks is and things like that. So, you know, Chamber is not a community member.
Speaker B: No, no.
Speaker C: I'll send you one. I'll send you one chamber. Quick thing, though, which we have to talk about this, and it's, it's so important to this project is that it was flat pricing. This isn't a bonding curve. This isn't, which we hear all the time in this space. This was straight up, 0.08 eth, first to last minted, which I think is so cool. And I think in a world where everything seems to be on a bonding curve, which means the price goes up as you, as you get more mints. I think people resonated with that, and that's what, like, really got people to sign on, because there wasn't this. It had FOMo aspect to it, but it wasn't like the, oh, I don't want to pay, you know, so much because the people at the beginning, I'm too late. It didn't have it, I'm too late factor to it, which I think is something to watch out for as new projects come along. Now, what I will say is I feel bad for the bored ape yacht club people because they have one of the most popular nfts, but only pulled, and I say only pulled down like 2.3 million, where me bits, you know, the next day pulls down 68 million.
Speaker A: So it's, let's go right into. Let's go right into me bits because this was like all the talk of the town, the board API club talk of the town. And then the next day, larva labs, right after the weekend hits, larva labs comes out with this, you know, what seemed like a surprise drop, really. Like, I didn't hear any announcements about it prior. And now we have me bits, right? So, and this was pretty interesting. These were also avatars. So these metaverse. Uh, or, like, just real quickly, who.
Speaker C: Is larva labs for those people?
Speaker A: Okay, great question. So larva labs is the creators of crypto punks. So if you've seen any crypto punks out in the Twitter sphere or, um, you know, as somebody's avatar, uh, those are. That was made by larva labs originally. I think they were given out for free. They were that they're known as the first NFT and they're very, very valuable. I think the floor price on a crypto punk right now is like $70, $70,000. And so, you know, the way they came out with this was very interesting. Cryptopunks holders and glyphs, which is their other project holders, were basically given one of these for free and they were able to go mint one as they could. If they could prove, you know, that was their token and they got one for free then. So that was about 10,500, I believe. Then the rest, about 9000 left, were put on a dutch auction style descending price. Like, that's how dutch auction works, right? It's, you start at a certain price and the price will lower by time if people aren't minting until it hits a zero or whatever the floor is set at. But this started at two and a half. Ethereum, which is, you know, almost 8000. It was, it was, yeah, 8000, $9,000 at the time. Right. To mint one of these guys. Right. And again, there's different rarities and traits and all of this stuff. And des, how fast did they go?
Speaker C: So I think it's great because they did try to do something cool, which is a dutch auction. And the way a dutch auction work is, it's supposed to be fair pricing. The market determines the price. If people want it at 2.5, it's going to sell for 2.5. But if people don't want it until it gets to 1.5, that's what it's going to sell for. So I do like the pricing scheme. Now, the irony of it is it sold out before it ever got down to 2.4. So it lasted like 6 hours, which I think their dutch auction was set up to actually hit the floor in like seven days. It was like supposed to be a week long.
Speaker A: A week. Yeah.
Speaker C: So, yeah, it was a crazy thing. But, you know, I think what also people were really upset about, which I actually think is one of the most, the greatest things about it, is that people were given these for free. Right? And so there was this narrative like, oh, they're just giving more stuff to the wealthy. They already bought crypto punks. Clearly they're wealthy and, you know, just kind of pushing that. But what I took it as is like, they're taking care of their community. Like the, the crypto punks, people have been invested in it. They're getting something for being a part of that community. Who's to say by owning one of these, you're not going to be, you know, a part of the next project or the next free drop that they do. So I actually kind of love it. People were upset at first.
Speaker A: I don't think that people should be upset at all. And what I thought was really funny was people that are sitting there with apes in their avatar being upset, right. Because ultimately that should be what the goal is of the board API club, right, where it's going to be, you know, a social, social club, right, where, you know, owning an ape is going to be a passport to things. Just like owning a crypto punk is going to is a passport to it. So I wouldn't be surprised if we see more projects doing stuff like this with, you know, whether it's crypto punks or apes or things like that. And that kind of is what drives utility behind. Why the hell would I buy an avatar, right, for half an ethereum? Or why would I buy a, you know, a me bit for two and a half eth, right? Like, if, you know, and I keep, I've posted this in the bored ape room a bunch of times. Like, if you know what the network effect is of everybody that owns one of these, just say. Just say what? We've taken a poll and now we have everybody who holds one. And you know that everybody who owns an ape has collectively 2 million Twitter followers. Now, if you're a new project or a company or something that's trying to sell something, why wouldn't you say, hey, look, board ape holders get 10% off, right? Now you're going to look at now all these board apes are going to be tweeting about it, or all these me bit holders are going to be tweeting about it, and that's going to drive engagement for whatever the project is. And I think you're going to start seeing stuff like that, right? Because then you bring a utility to that, it's going to incentivize people to want to buy a mebit or a bored ape or something like that, where as before, they were just artwork, right? I think you can see that being kind of this next level of utility, right? But back to me bits chamber. You still have a mebit. You have a me bit. Tell us this story.
Speaker B: It's. Yeah, so obviously we talked about how Des does a lot of our legwork for us. What day was that? Was it. I feel like it was two days ago.
Speaker A: It was. That was Monday.
Speaker B: Monday. So two days ago. Punch. This has been a crazy week. Des is in our chat, our group chat, and he says well, I originally.
Speaker A: Dropped it because I saw, I saw the post and I was like, apparently this is happening right now. And then Des went to work.
Speaker B: So I was about to buy into the dutch auction, right, the 2.5 ethereum. And Des comes out and says, after I'm hesitating, des comes out and says, well, we should be looking on opensea.
Speaker A: For these free ones.
Speaker B: Because of the free ones, there's going to be people that have a crypto punk that just got one and they're just gonna, they're just gonna dump it, you know, might as well pick up $5,000 or whatever for free. So Des is like, well, take a look for these particular characteristics. So I plug them in and I'm, you know, I'm kind of refreshing every 15 minutes or so, see what's, see what's there, and then I find one and then I send it to Des and I drop it in our chat. And Des is like, I can't believe you found one with all of the traits. So I snapped it up for two. Ethereum I am currently, because I don't want to miss out. I try to, I'm going to try and sell it, obviously, on the hype. So I have it currently posted for here, I'll bring it up.
Speaker A: Wait, do you still have it posted for the absurd amount that you went 15 e?
Speaker B: No. Yeah, I did. Well, to be honest with you, I think the first day, and there's a ton of strategy that goes with, oh.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's all game theory with, you.
Speaker B: Know, with, with these nfts. So depending on, on the type of person you are, I'm the type of person. I think I've realized this over time now that, like, I'm probably not going to be this in this project for a long time. So I'm trying to ride the hype wave. So if the hype wave is at its peak on Monday, my highest price is probably going to be at its peak on Monday. And then I'm slowly going to bring that down. Honestly, every few hours, like, I'll check, like, if I didn't sell it at 15 e, like, I'll bring it down to 14 eth after, you know, maybe 2 hours and I'll bring that down. So I keep bringing it down until I get to a spot where I'll just leave it there until it sells. So I'm at that point now I'm on day two where I've continuously brought it down. I have it now at, um, let me share it here. I think I have it at five and a quarter eth, which is still fantastic considering I got it for two, but I still have to sell it at that point, at that price. Let me pull it up here for you guys.
Speaker A: Now, what's the des? Do you know what the current floor on me bits are?
Speaker C: Yeah, so, yeah, he's actually. So the current floor on all me bits is 1.5. But. So the original traits that I told bunch you and chamber to look out for were shoes. Just because I feel like shoes are kind of pretty obvious and they stand out a little bit. So I did some shoes, and these shoes were special because they were labeled larva lab shoes, like everything else, is just standard words, but these were like branded larva lab. And so I was like, oh, no, we're getting shoes for cheap. So, yeah, this was the great. And I told him, I was like, people love basketball, you know, everything. So try to get a basketball jersey maybe on the cheap. And he found one that had both. And so I think it's a great buy. Just the shoes alone. The floor and the shoes alone are 2.5 right now.
Speaker A: So there you go. Worst case scenario, you make you pick up ethereum. Very worst case. And then you can see there that the basketball jersey is a 2% trait. Right.
Speaker B: Look at the auburn hair, 2%.
Speaker A: Auburn hair is 2%. So you got a pretty rare one there. My guess is you probably end up selling that. I'm just going to guess. I'm going to say three and a quarter is where you get.
Speaker C: That's where I would have said three and a quarter.
Speaker B: That's exactly what you said originally, Des, now currently. And for those of you who are new to this, I'll give you guys some friendly advice, some alpha, if you will. So right now, there's a guy that will take that has offered me 2.2 Ethereum. So right away, I've made 0.2 ethereum. I can accept this immediately and get the 2.2 etherium less fees. But you have to watch out when I drop this to 6.9 a theorem, because I want to be funny. At one point, it was at 6.9 Ethereum.
Speaker A: Nice.
Speaker B: This little joker here, crypto forever.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: Comes in at 6.85. But what you don't realize, or what you may not notice, is this is USDC.
Speaker A: This is a huge thing. I'm glad you're pointing this out. Keep going.
Speaker B: It's just so us. DC is a cryptocurrency, but it is a dollar pair, meaning it is always going to be worth $1. So he comes in sneakily. I have it at 6.9. Ethereum. He comes in at 6.85. USDA. And some people have lost. They just accepted. They're like, oh, close enough. And as opposed to whatever, you know, like current, like, what's it, a 5.25, like seven. So call it like $20,000. You're making .8 or $6.85.
Speaker A: You just sold it for $6.85.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: I mean, this has been happening. It's been happening a ton. These people should burn in hell, whoever does this, because guess they're getting snapped up like they're getting accepted more than you would like to imagine.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: One of the other projects we may touch on today, the appimon, the. This happened. I saw it happen three or four times in the discord where people were like, what the heck just happened to me? And so beware of that. The other offer you have is probably a bot offer, which is something that we also see on opensea a lot with these projects that are getting a lot of trading volume. They have these bots that automatically make bids. And you know, those things, those are good and bad, right? Because one, they're usually offering around probably, I would say 40% to 50% or maybe 60% what the actual market might be. So, you know, you might have something a little more valuable. However, the bot does kind of provide liquidity for you. Right. So we saw bots all over the place on the board apes for the first couple days, and then they went away really quickly after the me bits came. So, you know, it. Just know that those are probably bots snaking up, you know, so. And they're offering probably because you have something a little more valuable than.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Than that, or you have a low trade thing or something like that. Des, I saw you smirk. What do you think?
Speaker C: Besides my email just getting absolutely destroyed by offers? I love it. Yeah, you can do floor bought bids all day for me because that just ensures that I have a. I have a comfortable floor and liquidity if you need it, and liquidity if you need it. So I am all for the low bot bids. Just don't accept them by accident, but.
Speaker A: Yeah. Right.
Speaker B: Yeah. I actually think the one I got for the 2.2 eth, I think that's a real person. The reason I say that is normally the bots are 24 hours. You'll see, like your 12 hours. This one's a month, which was very strange. So I have a month of that one just in my back pocket.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: So, des, what do you think? You know something? What do you think the ultimate play is here with amiibit? Not just from a making money standpoint for us. Like, we're talking about flipping them or trading them, but what about whole? What is the value in holding one of these or buying?
Speaker C: Yeah, we were perfectly rolling along. So, you know, I think I, I always come on and talk about utility. I love things that have utility. Actually, it was funny. The ape has a little bit of utility in there. They're doing some fun projects where like, you need an ape to, to participate in like this contest and stuff. So I always love utility. And the utility I see with a lot of these new projects are the connection between it and the metaverse. A metaverse, whether it be decentraland, sandbox, crypto, voxels, there's so many I can't even keep up with anymore. But I think what was really cool about mebits is they said eventually you're going to get the design files of your mebit. And so that should be able to literally just plug and play into probably, I would assume, most metaverses. And so that's what originally drew me in. And I was like, okay, that's sweet. So I think long term I will be buying more me bits, but I think I'm going to let this wave kind of go down a little bit as we have a very crowded week, and then look to buy maybe at a little bit lower.
Speaker A: You flipped yours.
Speaker C: I did. The reason why I did that, again is opportunity cost. I wanted a little bit of liquidity going into this weekend. Really passionate about Zed run. Um, and they have a massive mass drop, massive drop this weekend, and I want to be prepared. Um, so I sold my me bit for a profit, but probably a little under its value. Um, and I think the joke of.
Speaker A: The weekend was just an ethereum. You, that was your profit off of amiibit was just an ethereum. So are you guys having trouble with.
Speaker B: That, by the way? Because, yes, letheme, I mean, dude, I.
Speaker A: Mean, a year ago, eth was $89. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: Like, it's hard to digest sometimes. And honestly, that's probably something we should talk about as well, is the fact that if the price of aetherium goes up, the ethereum value of your Ns NfT is probably also going to go down. Not just that, you know, sentiment is changing over to another NFT, which is totally something that will happen to, but you combine that with the fact that aetherium has gone from $2,000 to. I don't even know where we're at right now.
Speaker C: Like I know we're 3400.
Speaker B: Are you serious? Yeah. Like that's what I'm talking about.
Speaker A: Well yesterday it hit all time high. It almost hit what? 37.
Speaker C: There's a lot of support at that 3200 level. I'll be honest. There's like.
Speaker A: Yeah. So I know. I think that's a good point. And I want to touch on that a little more when we get to Zedong. But I think the next logical step is okay. Me bits can be used in the metaverse. Metaverse we're talking about. We are sandbox land barons. We're actually going to be having the founder of Sandbox on on our next show next week. Which will be awesome. So we'll get to learn all about the metaverse and sandbox. Which is very exciting.
Speaker C: They've teased a huge announcement.
Speaker A: So let's. Let's go. Let's go into it. Because you said it's funny.
Speaker B: It's not ready.
Speaker A: I didn't think we were going to talk sandbox today until you then overnight. Was it last night or the night before? I don't even know what day it was. And you. You're just like, oh, yeah. Now I bought more sandbox land. And like you. So you are on one of the epic April's I've ever seen. And it's one thing after another. So. So tell us your. Your sandbox news here.
Speaker C: Yeah. I think just as a cautionary tale like I am, I'm pressing in. Gambling we call pressing.
Speaker A: Right?
Speaker C: So you win a little money. You put that winning money into a new bet and a new bet. And I'm frankly doing that so far, it's working out. But, you know, it is a risky game to play. It's not a bad thing to take some money off the table, as my wife would always say.
Speaker A: So it's funny you say that because I would like to make my own personal experience. I feel like, you know, I didn't hit huge on any of these one things. I'm kind of been using the same budget in all of them, and they're not manifesting as quickly as I would have liked. Right. So now I'm finding myself in a situation where I feel like I'm spread a little too thin. So it's a really good point to bring up that you're pressing because you had success. Right. But you have. You were able to have, you know, that success and then redistribute and you're not playing with a low timeframe. Right. Like me, I tried, I was trying to be in and out of some stuff without realizing that it was literally the biggest week in NFT, potentially drop history. Right? So now I'm sitting here in a couple things where I'm like, man, I know that I will profit more if I wait, but I want to have the funds, right? So like I found myself selling things a little, probably too early, still profiting on them, but like a little earlier than I would have liked because I'm trying to get liquidity to. I think the name of the NFT game is liquidity. Keep some. Right. And be smart about the projects you get in, right. But. All right, so you're pressing. And now enter sandbox.
Speaker C: So, yeah, so sandbox, we bought in actually a little while ago now. I mean, it's been a while since we initially bought in. I just like seven years. But you know, I. We just like the look of it. I think it runs a little bit smoother and cleaner and looks a little cleaner than Decentraland. Decentraland may be more maybe what we call realistic, but I actually kind of like the pixelated world of, of sandbox and even crypto voxels. So we went in on that. It's also the cheapest of the three, so that was easier to convince me as well. And then I love the partners. They got big gaming partners like Atari. I mean, there's 21 x. There's a whole bunch of different cool gaming companies that have invested. And I think that's great. But I, what we were saying is, you know, taking these, these NFT projects tokens and then translating them into the, into the metaverse. And what really got me excited is they had posted, sandbox, had posted on their twitter, some live gameplay, some beta gameplay of. And it looks sick. I mean, just, I mean, it looks so sick. And if it runs that smooth, Mandev. Wow. Because there was like 25 people in a single parcel of land all interacting, and then they're interacting and they go down, and then all of a sudden it's what we'll talk about today, which is Voxedais, which Voxidais just, is an NFT minting project that's going to mint pixelated characters, very interesting looking characters. But there's like 20 of these avatars just staring at this voxidais cube, which is just about to unleash, you know, probably a new character. And then I was like, all right, I'm in on sandbox. I'm in on Voxidais. Let's go like this. Is the world's colliding. I'm in. So I think that's the next level of utility on things like me bits and some of these other projects is how does it get in. Incorporated into the metaverse? And just like that, Zed. Zed has been very open about being involved in the metaverse, having racetracks in the Metaverse. I think that's. It's becoming ready player one. Like, I'm just. I've said it a million times. Chamber is a fan of that. It's just we are literally slowly becoming ready player one.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, I think it's. So. So how much new land did you buy?
Speaker C: So I was trying to figure out whether I wanted to do, like, a low purchase of a lot of land, but then I told you guys this. I'm no. I'm no architect, like, I know, so it's going to take me a while to build whatever I build on that land. And so I decided to go with a little bit more.
Speaker A: There's definitely value in just having the land, though. I mean, there is, right?
Speaker C: 100%. 100%. I mean, don't get it twisted. There's really no bad places to buy, but I ended up buying some more land closer to big Atari. So there's one big chunk of the map, which is like, big Atari. I bought something that was, like, 18 blocks or parcels away, and I bought.
Speaker B: Is that what you get?
Speaker A: A good deal?
Speaker C: Big Atari, yeah.
Speaker B: Is that. What. Is that what that area is called? I like.
Speaker A: I think that's what people refer to it as.
Speaker B: Big atari. I love it. That's awesome. Okay, I'm gonna.
Speaker A: I'm gonna start calling you that. The big atari.
Speaker B: Big atari. I love it. That's good. That's too good for what I deserve, though.
Speaker A: The. So. So did you get a decent price on it? I don't know what the current market on.
Speaker C: I snapped up a three by one for point.
Speaker A: Oh, wow.
Speaker C: I snapped up a three by one for .438 each.
Speaker A: I think that's probably a pretty good price. So now you have. So now you have four total.
Speaker C: Yeah, four.
Speaker A: Nice. And three. That are touching. Very cool. Um, awesome. So, yeah, we're going to talk all about sandbox and everything. Like that chamber. Did you want to bring up the vox a deus real quick?
Speaker B: Yes, I do. Um. This was the apest thing I've ever done, by the way.
Speaker A: Tell the story.
Speaker B: So does you want to tell it? I'll pull it up here.
Speaker A: This is another one.
Speaker C: We can't tell who influenced who.
Speaker A: We don't know the origin, but it's the same thing. It's like I dropped something in. I'm like, hey, look at this. I just saw this. And the next thing you know, Des buys five. Actually, the first thing he said was, I don't know about this one. Then the next. Then a couple hours later, he's minted five of them. And then this one is a bonding curve. So this one was at a price of 0.3 ethereum. And you, you know, throughout the day yesterday. It's funny, it's once these things, and this is why bonding curve works for the project. Once they catch fire, they go, right, like, so this had been kind of going along pretty slowly, but I think, like, as this hype has built over the week for these other projects, I mean, everything is just looking to get into stuff, right? So they sold over 800 just yesterday, and it was getting towards the end, I wasn't even gonna participate. But then Des had all of a sudden minted five. And then chamber.
Speaker B: You were just like, yeah, I honestly saw a link. I just clicked on the link. It said mint. Now I'm like, all right. I click on that, it takes me to open c, and I'm like, did that. I'm about to make a horrible mistake. But I pressed a. It's this. .3 and I'm like, well, it's. .3 it's not like it's three ethereum. And I click it and I get it. And then I just message you guys. I'm like, what? What the heck did I just buy? I didn't know.
Speaker C: That's a perfect point to point out, though, because I don't think it's nearly as successful if me bits don't, doesn't launch at 2.5 the day before.
Speaker A: Yeah, right.
Speaker C: Because people see 0.3 and they're like.
Speaker A: Oh, it ain't 2.5 a 2.5, that's for sure.
Speaker B: But I would also say I think they should have put some. So, because I had never seen that before.
Speaker A: Where you just open c?
Speaker B: Maybe I have, but it didn't seem that normal. And I thought I was making a mistake, and I wasn't. Thank, thankfully. But I think a little bit more information. It said, I'm sure it says it.
Speaker A: And then you guys, you guys had me FoMo. I fomoed right at the end, probably about two. I probably got one of the last two in this. In this, in the .3 level.
Speaker B: Oh, for sure.
Speaker A: Cause my first transaction failed. I was like, I kind of felt good that my transaction? Cause I like. Oh, okay. Well, at least I tried. Now I don't have to worry about it. We are a bad influence on each other. None of this is financial advice. Please put up the ticker. Please put up the not financial advice ticker. But we have covered all of the projects that we've aped in over the week to. There's one more, well, there's one more project that is launching this week and then one that's been around for a bit that we are very excited about. We'll save that one for last because we will probably have the most thoughts on that. But the last one for this week is maybe one of the more hyped ones, not necessarily in the crypto space, but in normal people learning about what an NFT is. And that is the Gary Vee project that we found out today is called vfriends. So we've seen him teasing this for months. Like he's been posting the little, you know, teases of his doodles and all that stuff, and you knew it was leading to something. And he talks about nfts as, you know, it's the future. And I really do believe that he has, you know, really long term plans for the people that are going to be holding these nfTs. However, so we've seen v friends now today it was supposed to launch at 08:00 a.m. it's a little delayed. There's going to be 10,255 tokens that are going to act essentially as admission tickets to a, what is a v con or something that a conference he's putting on. There's going to have some one on one utility of this as well. And now I do want to say, because, like, we've seen him talk about how the, the utility is the biggest piece, how all these celebrity NFTs are cash grabs. I don't feel like this is a cash grab because I don't think that this is the end of the utility of what this token will be. Right? Like, this is the first iteration of what holding this token will get you, right? So, like, and then as the token lives on, there will be added utility to this. He describes it, I've heard him on a bunch of podcasts talking about it. He says it's going to be a 45 year project. Right? Like he's going to continue to add utility to this. Now, Des, what's the downside?
Speaker C: Well, I just, I'm a little worried about the pricing. So again, it's a dutch option. It starts at three Ethereum and goes down to 0.5. My biggest concern is who in their right mind has ever paid 10,000 to go to a conference? Like who's paid $10,000 to go to a conference? That seems like an incredible upcharge for what it would normally be to go to a Vicon. And so I worry about that. Most people I've checked on the discord are waiting to get right at the floor at 0.5. They loaded up their wallets to like 0.5. I don't think it'll probably get there just because of the hype. What I will say about this is I was initially ready to jump in, then I was. Then I was very quickly a hater when it got released, kind of what the deal was, and then I became I be, I understood it a little bit more and I flipped. Because what he's trying to do is add supreme utility to these things. And then the second thing that I thought of was like, how is this not how NBA all Star weekend tickets are sold? How is it not?
Speaker A: Totally.
Speaker C: This should be absolutely how they're sold. And you know, you have a chance to sit courtside. How the hell should this not be? You know, how major events are sold going forward. So I think it's phenomenal. I think you have to be a very hardcore Gary Vee fan. I don't think I'm there on that personally to pay up for this, but the concept of what he's doing is phenomenal.
Speaker A: Yeah. So we're looking here at the token organization. There's going to be these 9400 tokens that act as admission tickets. So that's going to be that dutch auction from three. There's going to be, he's gifting 550 tokens out to the discord. So if you can't afford it or just want to take a shot at winning something, I think you can get in the discord. And he's giving away some of these different tiers of these access tokens that have limited utility or limited amounts of them as well. There's one to one access that has a different numbers available as well. So I totally agree that there's this supreme utility to them, right. And I think it's gonna, he's gonna add to them, right. So if you're holding, I don't think what you're gonna see is him release a new NFT project every time he's doing an event like this. I think what you're going to see is the original token holders here are going to be the original token holders for life until they sell this. And they're each going to, you know, this is where the $10,000 price tag comes in to, right. This isn't for Vicon. It's for the next 45 years of whatever he's going to do with this token or until you resell it next year for whatever the price tag is that somebody else. That is a huge Gary Vee fan wants. Right? Like, you know, we're talking about sitting here and flipping a lot of these. I could definitely see grabbing one of these at some point in a dutch auction, flipping it a week before Vicon, you know, for, or, you know, next year or something, when he adds new utility to it. Like this is going to be something that you is going to get keep just the way I've heard him talk about it, he's going to keep working through this project. Right. Which is why I think that price tag seems really, really high. But, and who knows, maybe it won't sell out at three ethical, but I think, you know, there's going to be added utility of this going forward as well. It's not just this release. And, you know, I don't know that for certain, but I've heard him talk on many podcasts about this and that's the way it seems. Does that change your mind at all, Des, knowing that, did we lose him? We love? I just blew Des, his mind. I just blew, Des's mind froze. That's it.
Speaker B: I think he, I think he dropped the call just to hop on and load up his wallet on these.
Speaker A: That's probably it.
Speaker B: Now we got to talk about this a little bit because Vcon, can we think of maybe a better name for that one? To me, it just sounds like a bunch of virgins getting together.
Speaker A: Well, yeah, and you're going to have to show your v card at.
Speaker B: Yeah, you get your v cardinal. Like, I'm not even joking. I saw. What did I see in this? There was also like this, like, what's goo. Like, you got your v card. You get goo. Like, I don't know, like, what's happening here? What's the Gary, what's the Gary goo collection? Very suspicious to me. I don't know what's happening.
Speaker A: It says Gary's original ownership is what it stands for.
Speaker B: I guess so. But yeah, I don't know. Like you said, I think this is something. I don't know. I think this is something. Unless you're a super big Gary Vee.
Speaker A: Fan, which there are many, many, many.
Speaker B: And I honestly, I guess I just don't know enough. Like, we were talking prior to the. Prior to recording, you know, it. I don't know him enough. It seems like a cash grab to me. But you're telling me there's a yde lots of additional things that he's putting into us. And I just kind of ran some quick numbers. Even if the average was two ethereum per, that's just under 19,000 ethereum that this would. Would, you know, would get at completion, you know, and at a, you know, say, $3,400 mark, I mean, it's like 65, almost $65 million. Yeah, it's great.
Speaker A: I mean, that's what me bits did. And me is just an avatar, right, that you came with, right? Like, so, you know, it's each their own.
Speaker B: I think I feel better when I think when I know the other person is. Is anonymous, like, when I don't know who I'm giving my money to, I feel better about it. But if I know the face, why am I giving you three ethereum, right? So I don't know. You would give beat, but that's what I have trouble with.
Speaker A: I think maybe it's des your back. Did this change your mind at all? The way I described it, where I've heard him talk about it, it didn't.
Speaker C: Because it's not a long term, established thing like the Gary Vee brand. You have to believe that the Gary Vee brand is going to be around for 20 years, and I'm just not completely sold on that. If this was a longer term established empire, let's say I'd feel better about it. Um, and that's, honestly, that's why people pay for the me bits. It's larva labs. Are you kidding me? If that project releases without the larva labs name behind it in crypto punks, that does not sell.
Speaker B: That's a good point.
Speaker C: No way. No way.
Speaker A: What it. What's the price you're in on this one? 8th?
Speaker C: I will not be purchasing, but I think it sells at. I think it sells out at 1.25.
Speaker A: Okay, let's revisit this one, either on Twitter or wherever, you know, because next time we have a guest. But I definitely want to see where it goes. I'm gonna say, see, I.
Speaker B: Are you gonna participate?
Speaker A: There's probably a price that I would jump in, and I. It would have to be under one.
Speaker B: E for me, whenever you guys get excited is when I'm gonna buy it.
Speaker A: Like, I would be under. It would have to be under one e for me. Because again, it's opportunity cost. Like, I would have to throw some. It would be one those that you would sit on and not have to, and not have that money back.
Speaker C: Does Metamask have a feature where you can, like keep yourself from purchasing something just like lock you out right away? Like, can I sign up for locking myself out? Like, not allowed to purchase and then set it for like six weeks or something?
Speaker A: So it's so funny you say that because this is the last thing, we didn't really talk about this, this. But the appimon eggs, they have a feature where you can time vault your tokens. So you could, you could lock ethereum in an Ap mine egg and time and set the time. So yes, you can do that. And that's the utility of the egg, other than what's inside them, that adds utility. It's almost like a time capsule that you could use. So you could lock away an NFT. You lock away ethereum. Like, there's ether in these eggs right now. You could reuse them. So that's part of the utility of the, the apimon egg, which I thought.
Speaker C: Was kind of cool, but so I can use app. Like if I bought ten and I wanted to do a giveaway. Oh, sorry.
Speaker A: I wanted to do a giveaway.
Speaker C: I wanted to do a giveaway. Could I package some other tokens in the NFT and be like, totally buy these eggs and they might have a totally.
Speaker A: Oh, how about this? How about this? How about this? We're talking metaverse. What if you created a maze on your land and at the end of the. And people paid you to utilize the, or to joy try to get into the maze and at the end of the maze is the apimon egg with a prize in it. And now you're getting paid and for them to access. And at the end of the t, at the end of the maze, if they solve it, they get, you know, the unlockable thing that they want.
Speaker B: Your egg app.
Speaker C: You about these stupid looking knockoff Pokemons. This is buying digital treasure chests.
Speaker A: Oh, my God. Plus, you can actually stake, there's going to be a token and you can farm and stake with your eggs. That's why they have the multipliers, all that kind of stuff. Stuff that's so fire.
Speaker C: I'm now upset at myself.
Speaker A: I'm pissed. I sold a couple too early chamber. How many you owe it? You have three left.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Oh, good. So you've, you've sold most of yours. You aped.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think I did 20. Yeah. So I kept, I kept three just for funsies, so.
Speaker A: But you've made some profit then?
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Good, good amount of profit on here, you said?
Speaker C: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: I. I sold the bulk of mine. I'm trying to remember all these timelines. It's freaking tough. I sold the bulk of mine. What happened? There was something that happened.
Speaker C: Reveal.
Speaker B: The reveal. I would say I probably sold 80% of mine prior to the reveal where the floor was a bit higher, like around 4.40.5. A theory.
Speaker A: I should have done that in hindsight.
Speaker B: But, yeah, no, it was, it was, it was pretty good overall, but.
Speaker A: So that's what they do. Des beyond and then beyond all the other, like, there's crypto punks hid hidden in them that they. All these other things that they, the team has put into them. So it's pretty cool. And the egg actually has functionality after the fact that after it's open. But let's talk about the fact that.
Speaker C: This is one of the very few projects that actually made its way through its bonding curve.
Speaker A: Yeah. Which. And, you know, you got some big guys into this, too. Like Dingling, who's a big top shot buyer. He bought 420. There's one of the guys that runs exotic stables in Zed we'll talk about in a minute. He bought 75 Bob the nailer, who is a, you know, an Ogz guy, he bought 200. So, like, there's a. There was some big buzz around this and then, you know, to be fair, there was some shenanigans that transpired once these were revealed that caused a little fud and caused the price to drop a lot. And I think that's been explained. I don't, I don't know all the details around it, but it was about one of the devs getting an ultra egg or something. And people wanted to see how that was fair since there's only a couple of them, blah, blah, blah. So. But that's the utility of these. They're, they're still pretty cool. The floor, I think, is at like 0.25 now, but. All right, we've. We've made it. We just have so much to talk about. We've made it. We're going to need to clip this part. We're going to need to clip this part. Make it its own episode. We have made it an hour and we still haven't talked about Zed, which is, for us, I think maybe the most exciting thing that's happening this week.
Speaker B: We're trying to get liquid.
Speaker A: Yeah, that. No shit. Like, I. That's my goal from here to here to Friday. So Zed is coming out with the terra drop. Last time was the mega drop. They are billing this as the terra drop, which is going to be the most number of horses that they've dropped, uh, so far in any one drop. Do we don't know exactly the number yet. Correct. Des, now, we had to. If you had to ask me, gun to my head, how many do I think they're going to drop? There's about 2020, 5000 left, I think, Genesis horses. Is that right?
Speaker C: Yep.
Speaker A: So I would think they're going to do half. I think you're going to see around ten to 12,000 horses dropped on Friday. What do you think about that?
Speaker C: I think ten. I think 10,000 primarily being, you know, Z 910 buterins. But, yeah, 10,000.
Speaker A: Yeah. I think you're going to see a ton of the low end because. And I think it's a great opportunity for that because you're going to. You just have so many new people. The discord, there was a TikTok that sorry chamber you did not make, you probably could have, because the quality, your quality is very good. But there was a TikTok that happened over the weekend that went ultraviral and the discord jumped from, like 29,000. And there's currently, I think, 45,000 people in the discord now. So you do the math on how many genesis horses are left, how many people are in that discord, how many they're going to drop this weekend? I guarantee you, if we. If the three of us walk away with one between us, amongst us, I think. I think that's a. I think we did good.
Speaker B: I think the trick this time, or to kind of give the best odds of getting a horse, is going to be on the higher end horses, obviously. Right. Even though Dez said there's going to be a ton of buterins, I think that's where the bulk of the people are going to be trying to buy a. Think you'll have pretty good odds. I mean, if you can get a z one or a z two, obviously. I think those are going to be maybe available or, you know, reasonably available. Des shaking his head no.
Speaker A: Well, I'm probably the reason. The reason no. Well, the reason no is not because there's going to be that many people trying for them, it's that there's not that many of them.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: There's 250 left of a z one and 250 left of a z two. So this is exactly what I said last time. I said said, go for your, you know, high end horse then. But I also think it applies now because the majority of people are going to go for the lower end and there's just so much more lower end supply left, right. So, you know, you may get shut.
Speaker B: And it's making, but it's going to be good.
Speaker A: Last time, well, we had an advantage last time. Right. Like, if you were a crypto person, you had an advantage last time if you knew how to use gas, right? Like, you had an advantage, you could beat people this time. I'm, I, they haven't really announced how the drop structure is going to be. There's speculation that they're going to limit it to wallet address. But I don't really think they can do that because you can just go make another wallet, right. Like it's, but if it's a free for all and it's gasless and you're using Matic and you're like, there's no advantage one person would have over another.
Speaker B: I would argue, I would argue that if it sounds like they are doing it on matic, that's what they, they've been talking about that they announced.
Speaker A: Well, they announced today that you need rap d. So, okay, matic.
Speaker B: I think that helps us. I think that's just like the metamask thing and how we know how to use gas. I'm not sure how many of those people are going to be able to sync up a metamask and then convert to wrapped eth. And then, you know what I mean? It's just like another step to make it a little trickier for people. I might be wrong, but I think the more layers you put on, they.
Speaker A: Have all week to figure it out. This time, like, they have it all week to figure it out. But the, like, last time, it was like everybody who knew how to do it, you still had an advantage if you knew how to use gas. You know what I mean? Right. So, but this time it's like Gaslis. It's the first to click the transaction. Right. So I don't know. Des, what are your thoughts on this? What is your strategy?
Speaker C: Yeah, I. Oh, man. I think we, you know, we would have had a tremendous advantage if it was back to not saying that they wanted to do, you know, they should do it. But if it was back to the old way, you know, we'd have a tremendous advantage having gone through a drop this way. Everyone's new to it, so I just don't know. I don't know if it's just going to be a free for all. The one thing I have a question on, maybe you guys know the answer to, and it would be great value to our listeners is, you know, with, with traditional using gas and to transact, you only want to put one transaction in. You don't want to queue up like four or five because it's not going to matter. I wonder if matic is going to be the same to where they can close in parallel or they have to be sequential.
Speaker A: That's a good question. Know the answer to that.
Speaker B: My thought is because they're using metamask, right? Yeah. Like, just because you're using metamask, I would imagine it's probably the same situation where you're gonna have to wait per transaction. I might be way off, but just.
Speaker A: Because I think you're gonna be market to metamask, it's just gonna be faster. But like each transaction will be faster, but you still won't necessarily be able to stack them.
Speaker C: But I don't know if that's true, because if you go on matic, like if I were to go on Matic and buy a horse right now, right, it's a total different thing. You have to approve it, then you have to sign it.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Well, you're still gonna have to sign it.
Speaker C: Right. But if you sign it, like, if you sign it on matic, is that done? Is that like locked in as you? Because that could be totally different than, you know, how other stuff is done.
Speaker B: It's just now you're saying stock, you're saying stack them. But because of the efficiency of matic, maybe that signing is so, it's happening so fast.
Speaker A: Exactly. The next.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Exactly. Now again, I don't know if that's how it's going to be, but I would think as soon as you. So let's, let's compare this to the only other thing we know that you're doing this on the platform. It's entering races, right? It's the same process as entering a race. Right? So what, right? So it is. So it's instant. As soon as you hit sigh. As soon as you hit sign, you're there and you can go ahead, enter another one. Right. It's like you can enter three races in a matter of 20 seconds if you're fast. So I would imagine the drop will be the same. So the recommendation, there would be no, like, okay, for a strategy, know what you want, know what's in your budget. Cause you're not going to have a time. You're not gonna have time to go look, you're not gonna have time to go look at the color. You're not gonna have. You're barely gonna have time to know if it's the z level you want, right? Like, right. And you know, everybody. I personally, in a perfect world, I want a z five colt, and I want eight philly. That's. Those are, like, if I had to make the wish list of the two things I needed for my stable, that's my grocery list. But I don't. I don't know if I'm gonna even have time. I might just have to click z seven and. Or, like, a z five and try to trade it with somebody after the fact. Like, you just don't want to miss out on the whole. On the horse, right. Your horse is worth more just by the fact that you got it, and you can worry about the rest later. Right? Like that. That would be my. My recommendation.
Speaker B: The other fun. The other fun thing to think about is the price of Eth, because you were using whatever. A month ago. When was the last drop? A month ago.
Speaker A: April 2.
Speaker B: Yeah. So over a month ago, the price of ETH was. We'll call it $2,000. Okay. And the amount of eth you were using, like, they give you a dollar amount. So say, like, a z one Washington, $14,000.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: So we'll call it seven eth, give or take. At the time. We'll say they bump it up to $20,000 this time. Well, it's seven eth. It's going to be less than seven eth, gonna be, like 6.8 eth. So I'm thinking about it, like, maybe spend more. You know what I mean? Like, spend a little bit more, because the value. The value in Ethereum is more now. You know what I mean? Like, if they keep it.
Speaker A: Well, it's exactly why. It's exactly why you and I sold the last horses when we did. We kind of made a play on. We're buying an ETH dip with it. I were transferring it to ETH. Now, our ETH is worth more money than it. More dollars than it was. Now, the. So you're. In theory, your purchasing power is higher on this drop. If you. You know, if you played that right now, right. Me, I went and spent that, Ethan. Now I'm spread too thin. So it worked out exactly how I wanted to, but in theory, that was the play, right? That's exactly what we talked about, is why we sold then. And with the.
Speaker B: Because it's going to cost you less. Ethereum. This time you bought the same things.
Speaker A: Yeah. What's interesting to me is how much of the Zed universe, right, of players or of people in the discord are pricing or dealing in ETH versus, are they just buying the US dollar equivalent in east to get in on the drop? And that's what, like, I'm not sure where the normal person is coming in versus where the crypto head ends. You know what I mean? Because I mean, everything, in my opinion, should be priced in the Ethereum after you buy the horse, right? Like sell the horse and eat you should, you know, breed and eat you should. I mean, it. That's, that's the currency of the game, really. So, you know, but new people coming in for this drop, they're not sitting on piles of eth. They're buying the dollar amount of eth that they need to participate. Right. So if you have Eth, you have a more. If you have. If you are a crypto long time crypto person, your purchasing power is far higher than a normal person that's coming into the game right now. And that's a. To your point, it's by, I think the strategy is buy up if you can afford to buy up because the bottleneck is going to be at the bottom, I think. And I mean, obviously it depends on what is in your stable and what you need, but I think you buy what you can get and what you can afford and then you worry about the ladder.
Speaker B: I might mess around and get a z one is what I'm saying.
Speaker A: Well, I was just going to ask because I have a feeling that's on Des wish list as well.
Speaker C: I will be purchasing as many of any horse that I can get.
Speaker A: Is a z one on your menu?
Speaker C: Absolutely. Wow.
Speaker A: I wish I could afford. I wish I could afford a z one. That, that's how good destin did on board API Club, by the way. Yeah. Desmade z one money on board API Club. That's it. Honestly, the interesting thing was we saw people flipping horses for apes.
Speaker B: Can I, can I talk about the. Can I talk about the thing for a second?
Speaker A: Yes. I know you don't like the apes.
Speaker B: No, I love the apes. I love everything about it. I just went on the website for the first time. I'm like, this is a. So I'm so mad at myself because I had an, I had a Des like opportunity and you guys know I will participate in anything. If anybody's remotely excited, I'm in. Okay.
Speaker A: And you'll figure out the rest later?
Speaker B: Absolutely. We'll figure it out.
Speaker A: You're the big monkey on the rock.
Speaker B: No, I think Des is now, by the way. I. So this was a Saturday night. Des, correct me if I'm wrong.
Speaker C: Friday night, Friday night.
Speaker B: Friday night. Okay, so Friday night, I indulged in a edible arrangement. So what happens? I'll give you a little insight on my day to day activity. What happens is I go into a coma on the couch in the evening, and my wife physically cannot pick me up and bring me into my bedroom, so she leaves me there. And what happens every single time is as soon as it wears off, and that can take hours, I wake up.
Speaker C: Like, don't even say you're gonna tell me you saw my text and pass that up.
Speaker B: I 100% saw your text. So I woke up at, like, three in the morning, okay?
Speaker C: I told you I'm putting my lifestyle savings in, and you ape in everything, and you passed.
Speaker B: Okay, can I explain myself?
Speaker A: I wish. I love it. He left the building.
Speaker B: I need to explain myself because I'm upset with myself. So I. I wake up, it's three in the morning. I bounce off the couch. I'm like, where the hell am I? I'm like, okay, all right. I'm like. I grab my phone. I'm like, I'm on the couch. Anyway, I'll just stay here. I don't want to bug anybody. The kids usually play musical beds, so who knows who's in my bed at this point? Like, I'm on the couch. It's fine. So I grab my phone, and I see I'm. I feel like we were texting each other. Like, so I go in the group chat, and then I see des posted something, and I said something, and he's like, again, it's very blurry. It's in the middle of the. It's in the middle of the nights, the witching hour.
Speaker A: It said something. Like. I think it said something like, by the time you guys see this, I will have put my entire life savings into apes. And I didn't see it till the next morning. It was sold out. But you texted something.
Speaker B: And then there was a decision I had to make. So I'm upstairs. So my office is in my basement. I'm on the couch, half asleep, little. Little hungover, and then I'm like, I had to make a decision. Like, do I have. Am I so much of an ape that I'm going to roll off the couch, roll down the stairs, sign on to my computer, and get these apes? And I'm like. And by the time my mind started going. It was just like I was asleep again and I think my phone fell on my chest. And then I woke up the next morning and I saw that it was all sold out. And I was so upset. And this was my crypto punks. This was my crypto punks. And I missed it. And I feel like everything else has been okay. Like, you know, we've made some, some, some wins here and there. But the big win, I think, was the, was, was obviously the, the yacht club apes, and I missed it.
Speaker A: And I'm very, it's because of the price it was to get in. Right. Like, that's, that's what made it so appealing. And then the viral, the virality it had after that. Right. So, yeah, that was, that was it.
Speaker B: That was, I was, I'm so not buying one on the open mart. I'm not buying one on the secondary.
Speaker A: Just out of principle.
Speaker B: Out of principle. I don't deserve one because, because I didn't aim properly. So, yeah, so that, that, that was my, that was, that was my, my story for that, for that particular drop.
Speaker A: That's awesome. All right, we have covered, I think, everything that's gone on in the past, anything that's going on in the pat, in the next week, next week we will have the sandbox on to talk about the metaverse, which we are excited for, but that's going to do it. So four chamber four des, good luck in the upcoming drops. And until next time, stay mint.
