Speaker A: Alright. Hello and welcome to the mint condition. I am bunchu alongside of my esteem colleagues and co host, chamber. Des Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker B: Doing good, man. Making some positive trades. Not in the red. I don't know. I'm still trying to figure out whether or not this little NFT, little, little bull run through the last half of December is actually a real thing, or are we about to see total collapse in the new year?
Speaker A: Des, what are your thoughts? How are you and what do you think of chambers markets sentiments?
Speaker C: I don't know. I'm oddly. There's no rhyme or reason sometimes with my feelings, but I'm oddly feeling optimistic for 2020.
Speaker B: Dump it.
Speaker A: Optimistic for 2023. I feel like I'm also in that boat. I'm not totally bare. My predictions the other day were not, you know, all doom and gloom. They were pretty bullish. But I don't know, you know, I don't know if we're there yet. I don't. I mean, I just can't. I have not been able to bring me or bring myself to buy stuff. Like, I'm usually all, look, I'm usually, like, fully deployed. I'm usually like, whole bag holder galore. And I'm just, I don't even have youth. I'm literally just still sitting in just cash and I just can't do it. And so, I don't know. Tell me when, Jamie, am I missing the boat? Should I be sitting here buying Eth yet? I don't think so.
Speaker B: I don't think so. I don't think so. I would say don't buy, Ethan. I had a little eth. Like, most of my holdings are new.
Speaker A: But, like, for me, that also means that I probably shouldn't be buying nfts, correct?
Speaker B: Yes, 100%. You also should not be buying nfts. Like, 90% of 95% of my holdings are in USDC. Still. I had some eth just laying around that I was just messing around with. So, like, yeah, I picked up some rally road stuff. I'm just looking at my por, my opensea account here. I have a couple in.
Speaker A: Well, yeah, the stuff that I've bought recently is like, you know, I would say as a consumer, does that make sense?
Speaker B: Yeah, I got, yeah, I got some nights of Degen, I got some rally road. I bought a couple of plague frogs. I bought five of these savage nations. They seem to be, they're actually doing really well.
Speaker A: So can you TLD army on this project? Because I've seen it pop up not only in the war room, a lot. But on the timeline lately, Des, you can feel free to jump in if you know much about it. But it looks. Is this the one with the, like, the.
Speaker B: Yeah, like the Nintendo, like.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: Game looking cartridge thing. So I don't know. It's kind of cool. From what I understand, it's all basically about the art. I don't know if there's too much happening in the background after the arts done, but, yeah, it's a. I think there's ten characters and then there's variances on all the characters, like, as far as, like, different traits and stuff like that. So they did like a. Like a semi reveal earlier this week where they just told you out of the ten characters, which one you got. So there is rarity within the ten characters. So I actually ended up getting a couple of pretty rare characters. And then within that, you'll be able to manually reveal the next level where you actually get the traits and stuff. So I think it's kind of cool the way they did it, but that's literally all I know.
Speaker A: Interesting. Des, are you into this project? Do you have any savage nation?
Speaker C: No, but, I mean, kind of loosely sounds like, kind of like the dot ecosystem for inhabitants, which, you know, I'm in, but I don't know. It sounds cool, though.
Speaker A: You know, it's funny that you say that because I saw somebody. I think it might have even been a friend of gen network. Keep fishing. Who was. Somebody was tweeting about it the other day, and he said he almost. He almost went and bought the whole set, but was having literally PTSD from pixel vault stuff. So I. That's. That's actually funny that it reminded you of that. Are those. Are those. I mean, what are those doing chamber? Are they. Are they. Did you buy them as a flip? Did you buy them as a consumer item? What?
Speaker B: No, yeah, I definitely bought them. I was literally just perusing opensea the other day and just kind of was just looking at stuff that was, you know, less than, like, half an e. That was, you know, doing some things. So that I saw this one had, I don't know, it was like a 0.10.13, something like that. And I done a good amount of volume. I started looking a little bit more, you know, I'll put out my. In the war room. Hey, has anybody seen these? And, like, jP's all over me saying, yeah, he's already flipped them once or twice already. So I ended up picking up, like, five of them, knowing that there was going to be a reveal coming. So I kind of was just waiting and seeing what the reveal was going to be. And then I realized, oh, it's almost like a half reveal. And I'm like, okay, well, at least let's see what. What characters I got. And then I listened to a little bit of a spaces that they had where some of the team, this is.
Speaker A: More work than you do.
Speaker B: Way more work. But I, at that point, I knew I had some, like, pretty rare ones, at least. And I'm like, all right, let me. Let me listen to it a little bit. You know, let me. Let me dig in a little bit more. But, yeah, no, the whole reason is just to flip them. So I'll wait till I think they said, January 3 is the day you'll be able to manually fully reveal your cartridge. So I think I'm going to keep them unrevealed and just see, because, like I said, I have a couple that are already rare, and then we kind of go from there.
Speaker A: Got it. That actually made me go look at my opensea, and I'd love to hear what Des also, but I said, the last couple weeks or so, I bought. Anything I've bought has been much more as a consumer than a, I would say, trader or flip mentality. Like, it's stuff that I've either wanted to collect or support or keep. Right. So I'm just going through mine. I bought, let's see, I got some of the, first of all, shout outs to our good friend mizzle from the war room. I bought a AI best friend dog yesterday whose name is Katie. I got that. I got some crypto painter, drunk Santas. I have three of those. Don't know what I'm supposed to be doing with them, but I think there was a snapshot. I bought some of these, like, I don't even know how to say the artist's name. It's these, like, glitch ones that are the last editions, like the trust and fucked or whatever the ones they are. I bought seeds. I bought piece of AI art from Vicki. I bought a bunch of artifact shoes because we bought the crypto kicks.
Speaker B: Can you still buy those, by the way? My brother in law was.
Speaker A: No, no. Closed, I believe. And then I bought an Adam bomb squad. That's what I've bought.
Speaker B: You got an Adam bob squad?
Speaker A: Yeah. I bought that because I wanted to get in on the Pokemon collab. Drop that. He did. I'm currently wearing my ash ketchum hat. Just refueling my youth, you know? And then I bought a couple pieces of art from our another friend of the war room soul curry art bought some of her stuff, so that's what I've bought in the last month. Des, obviously you can tell by that shopping list. It's more of a personal collection type of stuff. No grails, really. Um, Des, what have you bought in the last month?
Speaker C: Same here. I haven't bought anything to flip in so long. Although I, um. The, uh, one I'm kind of mad at myself for not pulling the trigger on for a flip purpose is those damn mutant collars. You know, it has a similar vibe to Jenkins, where it's an extremely well built platform off the back of a, you know, incredibly blue chip project. And then, you know, they actually did, um, you know, have some clout within the community. It wasn't just, like, some random guy saying, hey, this is an offshoot. You know, they've been working towards it for a while, so it just seemed like one that should have been an automatic poll, and especially since, you know, they had, like, that slow reveal process.
Speaker B: That's.
Speaker A: That's. That.
Speaker C: That one gets me. I definitely should have been on. On that one, but, um.
Speaker A: Yeah, I feel you. Any examples of, like, fun stuff they bought, like, just for you?
Speaker C: Oh.
Speaker B: I did.
Speaker C: I mean, this was probably a month ago now, but I did have a collection of youths, and I bought a few more. I bought a d. A couple d. Gods.
Speaker A: I'm sorry. You bought more ute's?
Speaker C: Mm hmm.
Speaker A: So how many? I believe my last check in with you, you had, like, 15 ute's. How many?
Speaker C: I only have 18. I mean, not only 18, but I didn't buy that crazy amount more.
Speaker A: Okay, so you bought.
Speaker B: That's fine.
Speaker A: Yeah. All right, so I guess I don't. Were you here when we were talking about the move to Polygon? I don't remember.
Speaker C: Yeah, definitely.
Speaker A: You must be, like, super uber bullish on it if you haven't one soldier items yet. And to Bob.
Speaker C: No, I think. Yeah, absolutely. I mean, I. I think it's a good move. I do. I was reflecting on the timing of their announcement, you know, with just soul crashing day by day, just further and further.
Speaker B: That was definitely, like, the kiss of death.
Speaker C: The faster they can get out, the better.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Luckily, the price is holding to the dollar standard of what, you know, how.
Speaker A: Long does that last, though?
Speaker C: Exactly. Totally. Like, can it go to zero? Like, that's the crazy thing, is, like, go to, like, zero without ute's and d gods being bought up to, you know, crazy amount of it.
Speaker B: I don't think I've ever seen any crypto go to zero, have you, bunch? Like, I'm trying.
Speaker C: I mean, I say that.
Speaker A: I mean, I say that, like, actually zeros, but yeah, yeah, I mean, basically zero. Uh, yeah, that GM token we bought.
Speaker B: No, I'm saying like a real one. Sorry. Not like a meme coin, but I'm.
Speaker A: Saying like, I mean, what's, what's terra. What's like.
Speaker B: Yeah, like, what's Luna at? Like, I'm trying to think, like ethereum classic or like, you know, satoshi's vision or, you know, I mean, like, there's still people. That's what I'm saying. Like, I don't think goes away completely.
Speaker A: No, but if it goes to $4 before ute's bridge to Polygon, it's a pretty looking recovery for ute's. Like, it's funny. So shouts to some of the war room folks, I'm gonna call JP Kaz specifically because I know he's been saying this. I can't remember who else has been saying it, but, like, you know, he, he said literally from the jump, like it was kind of a weird slash shitty move to like, announce that they're moving three months before they actually kind of plan to move with what's going on with Solana. Because like, you know, you're. That's what it is right now. It's, it's basically, how fast can they go?
Speaker B: Well, didn't they announce after, like, what? After what happened with spfdev?
Speaker A: Well, yeah, but I mean, even when they announced on Christmas Day, Sol was at what, like $12. So, like, you know, the USD price has gone down and I mean, like, I don't know, maybe, maybe it'll automatically repeg to, you know, to ego, but I don't know. We'll see. Who knows? But anyway, that, that's a, that's the intro to the show there is what you. So if. Please give us a little comment down below. Tell us what your most recent purchase was, whether it's a, you know, an investment item or something cool that you bought, or tell us what your most recent NFT purchase was down below. And as we go along in the show, we'll pick some of those out. If anybody has any, any comments, wants to contribute, please feel free to request. We'll get you up there. This is the last show of the year for us. Pretty crazy. Another show, another year of content with Chamber that's just added multiple years to my life. Chamber, we've been doing this for a very, very long time.
Speaker B: I know.
Speaker A: I mean, we're coming on five years of doing this together.
Speaker B: This what? This June will be five years.
Speaker A: And the crazy part is, like, our.
Speaker B: Show still, they've never got. They never got any worse, but they never got any better. They've been. Yeah, they've been consistent for five years.
Speaker A: And I'm sorry you have to deal with me, because I texted you yesterday and I could tell you wanted to, like, punch me in the face.
Speaker B: I just thought you were down. I just felt you were a little down. And I feel I was.
Speaker A: I was having a bad day yesterday.
Speaker B: I just. I just wanted to make sure that, like, it wasn't as bad as you thought.
Speaker A: Well, does. I texted Chamber yesterday, and I was like, you know, our numbers are kind of shitty. Should we just, like, pack this thing in? Basically is what I said to him. And he tried to talk me off the ledge, and I showed up today, so that's all I wanted.
Speaker C: Nice step one.
Speaker A: Yeah. So, Des, maybe you see you in chamber next year. I'm just saying, you can fill the shoes, but. Yeah, no, I was thinking this morning, I was looking back at our most recent episodes on podcast form, and we've. We're almost. We're almost at 100 episodes of this show we've done.
Speaker B: I actually was looking at the numbers.
Speaker A: Almost 90.
Speaker B: We're over 100,000 downloads on the podcast side.
Speaker A: I'm in condition. Wow.
Speaker B: I thought that was pretty good.
Speaker A: Wow, that's pretty good. We've. What'd we get on wrecked? About 500, something like that.
Speaker B: Yeah, we were. I think we were waiting for a million. Just never got there.
Speaker A: Yeah. Well, story of our lives. That's the title of my autobiography, waiting for a million. Geez. I'm going to surprise you guys with a segment today because, you know, we did our typical thing where nobody responded to each other in the group chat. And this was my fault today because I just didn't answer.
Speaker B: I don't want to be around anymore.
Speaker A: So. But I thought this would be fun. You guys are going to have to get a little creative because I'm going to get abstract with you here. It's not going to be direct questions. You're going to have to use your imaginations. But we're going to do some NFT versions of classic yearbook superlatives. Like, if you were going through an NFT yearbook, who, what projects would fit these certain categories? And so you're gonna have to, like, think, personify. You're gonna have to think and personify some of these. Some of these projects. So I'm gonna start here with an easy one for you to get you in the mindset. I want to know what project you would vote for. Best all around. We'll start with you, chamber.
Speaker B: Best all around project.
Speaker A: Yep.
Speaker B: Um, honestly, this for 2022? Yeah, I gotta go with Ute's, I think.
Speaker A: Oh, wow. Well, so wait, let's. Let's. Let's do it this way, though. You can't use the same answer. That's fair.
Speaker B: That's fair.
Speaker A: Okay, so be careful because you don't know what I'm showing.
Speaker B: I'm going with Ute's.
Speaker A: Okay. You're going with Ute's. Would you care to expand?
Speaker B: I just think. I just feel they were the ones with the least amount of hiccups in 2022.
Speaker A: Interesting. I don't know how you can. Pretty odd take.
Speaker C: I like it.
Speaker A: All right, that's good, Des, what's it. What are you going for? For best all around project for 2022.
Speaker C: I just have to say, though, I'm not allowed to use goats for any of these and.
Speaker A: Well, I think you could. I think you could use goats, but again, only once.
Speaker C: Only once. All right, best overall project. Damn. I don't want to agree with chamber right off the bat. That's so lame. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. The revival of Pudgy, which is just. It's a crazy story, because if you had to ask me to bet when Cole leaves it and someone else buys it, if it's going to be better revive as much as it did, I would have definitely said no. And that's just because I knew nothing about Luca at that point. But, yeah, I mean, I'd give it to pudgy. That resurrection is incredible.
Speaker A: Yeah, that. I think that's a. That's a great one. I mean, they're. They definitely had. What are they sitting at now? I saw they touched seven, but I. And I remember mentioning it on the show, I was on Alphabet looking at.
Speaker B: Them the other day, and they were saying it was going like, like eight and nine and ten. I'm like, that thing is not getting outside of the sevens.
Speaker A: No way. Didn't you say this other day on the show that they'd go to twelve? Or was that Riggs show? I don't remember.
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker A: Maybe. Riggs. Maybe they said twelve. Yeah, it might have been rigged. Sorry, but. All right, so, yeah, Des, I don't know what happened to your audio. By the way, that second, that last time you came off mute, you sounded half robot. So figure out. Whatever.
Speaker B: Get your shit together, daz.
Speaker A: Next question here. Yeah, all right, but. All right, next one up. Chamber. Well, I guess. Wait, I gotta go, so I'm gonna. I'm gonna go for. I'm gonna go with the. The very, I feel, obvious answer here, which is yuga.
Speaker B: Is that the obvious answer?
Speaker A: I think so. I mean it. Kings stay kings, you know? I don't think they did anything to get their throne taken.
Speaker B: The bear market.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, that's right. They were the blow off.
Speaker B: I mean, those others. That was this year, right? Other side. Lamp. Yeah, that's what I thought. The other one. The other one I thought we could throw in there would have been maybe, like, artifact. Oh, you know, they put out something this year of.
Speaker A: Well, they did, and they also got acquired by. That was still one year ago, right? I think so.
Speaker C: I think that was, like, November 2021.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, that was 2021. It all melts together for me. Your audio is better now.
Speaker C: I was just trying the new chat GBT function where it speaks for me, so I guess.
Speaker A: All right, next category. We'll start with Des on this one. Biggest flirt.
Speaker B: I'm dead.
Speaker C: Okay. God, I got to build up a rationale in my head, too. Biggest.
Speaker A: I told you you'd have to get creative on these.
Speaker C: You almost needed to really. I mean, give us some time to think about the. Okay, biggest flirt would be doodles. Okay, so doodles.
Speaker A: Doodles.
Speaker C: Flirts with everyone. Teases a little bit that they're gonna make a run and then just shits the bed. So I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go. Doodles. Everyone was so hyped up to get their first tweet of 2022 in, like, August, and, you know, it's just been wham, wham since then. So I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go with doodles. Very attractive project on the outside, but tends to disappoint.
Speaker A: All right, I think that's a great, great answer. Chamber. How about you? Biggest.
Speaker B: I gotta go with digidaigaku.
Speaker A: Okay. I can't wait to hear this.
Speaker B: Well, for obvious reasons also, they've gone out, and I don't know, I think it's official that they're going to have a commercial during the Super bowl. So they've teased that out there throughout the year, and I think that's the biggest tease you could make is a. At least in our world, is a Super bowl commercial.
Speaker A: Yeah. All right. I like that rationale. I'm going with. I think I'm going with moonbirds. I think I'm going with moonbirds as the biggest, not rock and. Yeah, and I'm saying that because, you know, they came into town, big run up. Everybody's expecting all these massive things from them, and I feel like they've kind of just teased us around a little bit, you know, man, I feel different.
Speaker C: I feel like they just been, like, the. The partner that's just super upfront and just like, you know, it's.
Speaker A: It's.
Speaker C: It's not you, it's me. I mean, it's you.
Speaker A: That's fair.
Speaker C: Going to plan to. Do you like it or you don't like it? Get out.
Speaker A: That's fair. That's fair. Yeah. All right. Maybe you've swayed me, but I'm still going with them because I feel like there was a lot of early flirtation.
Speaker B: There was definitely some early flirtation about.
Speaker A: Like, all these treat things they were going to do. And I don't know if I've really been happy with all the deliverables. I mean, I sold out of them, so I definitely have spoken with my own wallet, but. So I'll go with. Biggest flirtat is moonbirds. All right, next up, if you've got a. If you guys have answers to these that you want to jump in on, feel free to throw them in the comments or request up and tell us your choices for some of these superlatives. I'm having already too much fun with this. Next one up, class clown. Watch chamber. We'll start with you. Ask who's the class clown?
Speaker B: Class clown. I have to go with crypto dick butts. How can you? I don't know. I think that's the only one I feel they were really funny. Maybe through. Is Kevin this year? I don't know. Was Kevin this year?
Speaker A: Kevin, you know, Kevin Pixelmon? Yeah, yeah, I still go crypto.
Speaker B: Yeah, that was a good crypto dick butts.
Speaker A: I think Pixelmon was, like, a month before the other side, so, like, sometime in April, I think crypto dick butts for you. For class clowns. Des, what do we got for you?
Speaker C: I'm gonna go. Everyone loves the class clown secretly, so, you know, I'm kind of trying to pick one that doesn't do things by the book, has some kind of funny antics behind the scenes, but everyone likes. I'm gonna go mfers as class clown.
Speaker A: That's along with. I like that one. That's a good one. I'm going with. I'm going with Goblin Town. I don't know if there's another answer. I think Goblin town came in and they. I mean, they've been. They've been leaning into the clown. The clown tag the entire time here. So I'm going with Goblin town as my.
Speaker C: That's a great one.
Speaker A: As my class clown. All right, next one. You could take this any way you want. I may go. You could take this as, like a collab. You could take this as a companion type of answer. You could take this as, I guess, maybe people inside of NFT Twitter, if you want. The category is cutest couple. Let's start with you, Des.
Speaker C: So it's got to be a collaboration between two NFTs.
Speaker A: It can. You can take it any way you want. Cutest couple is the category, and you can take it anywhere. It could be a collaboration, it could be a companion. It can be a. It could be people on Twitter. It could be whatever you feel.
Speaker C: Damn. You know what? You've been going to me first a lot. I'm going to chamber first.
Speaker B: For the record, he's been alternating. For the record.
Speaker A: Yeah, I have.
Speaker C: It hasn't felt like that to me, so we're gonna go with that.
Speaker A: Hold on. Wait, wait, wait. Before anybody answers, Vicki put her hand up. So I'm going to Vicki first, I would have thought.
Speaker D: It's obvious when you're talking about cute couples, it's gotta be captain and Steve.
Speaker A: Yes. That's what I was gonna say.
Speaker D: They're like mister and misses. You know, I start your sentences, I finish your coffee. They're the mister and misses. Nft.
Speaker A: That's Vicki. That's exactly, exactly. That was exactly the answer I was going to give. So here, here to that one. Cutest couple of the year definitely goes to cap and Steve. I can see them sitting next to each other right now down on the stage. Definitely my cutest couple of the year for 2022. And it sounds like Vicky's as well. So congrats, cap and Steve. I. You know, the craziest part was I almost chose the category best hair, and I would have had to really be careful of who I chose because I can only use the answers once. And obviously that would have been Steve for best hair. So chamber coming back to you, cutest couple.
Speaker B: That's a good question. I was gonna say me and JP.
Speaker A: I like that one.
Speaker B: But I like the. Again, I'm going to the. Well again, I don't know if I can use this, but I was going to say Kevin and Frank. I thought was a. They were like an odd couple.
Speaker A: I'll allow it.
Speaker B: Yeah, they're like an odd couple.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And I like. I like their vibe.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'll allow that answer. Even though you've already used Ute's as a project, but I'll allow the actual founder couple. I actually think it's. They're. They're a good yin and yang to each other. So I agree with you on that one. Um, you could have also wed Kevin and captain. There's a.
Speaker B: Shame.
Speaker A: That's been acknowledged. It's been acknowledged directly by Frank, I believe. Cap, give me a thumbs up if that's true. I'm pretty sure that's true. Des, do you have an answer for cutest couple?
Speaker C: You know, your answers are so much better. But just to get out of the question, I'm going to say my favorite, like, streetwear collab announcement was actually invisible friends and kith. I think entering the space was. Was pretty awesome. So I'll go with that.
Speaker A: Good one. All right, I'll take that one as a good answer. A little off the beaten path, if you would have, you know, some other honorable mentions you could have done, like, you know, bored apes and mutants or any of those, like, you know, companion pieces if you wanted to. Next up, Des, I'm starting with you this time. No matter what. You can't shirk it. It is life of the party. Who was the life of the party this year?
Speaker C: This is. This is close to the class clown category. Um, life of the party. I'm gonna go with. I'm gonna go with Ranga. And the reason why I go for that is they were hot for so quickly and then just kind of dropped out much to a, like, I don't know. Uh, yeah, just that, you know. Uh, yeah, I'm gonna go with. I'm gonna go with ranga. Just. They burnt out real quick. They got. They were too excited. Burnt out real quick, and.
Speaker A: Yeah, they got too drunk at the party.
Speaker C: Exactly. Yeah.
Speaker A: All right. All right. Chamber.
Speaker B: Hmm. That's a good one. Life of the party, Goblin town. One I really thought held up there into the bargain for a good chunk of the year. I'm gonna go Goblin town. I think I like their whole vibe. And they. I find they lasted like, the Goblin town, you know, craze was. Was long lasting.
Speaker A: Yeah. All right, I'm going with. This is the one I was saving for Frank, because I think that Frankenous was the life of the party. Probably the most talked about person on. On twitter, like, him or not, he was the thing everybody was talking about all the time, all year. So I'm. That would be that's the one I was saving for this one. You know, the. I feel like he's everywhere all the time. Literally, you go into any omnipresent. Yeah. And he's there. I. So the other honorable mention to chamber as being the life of the party. Ain't no. Ain't no party like a chamber party. Because it. Yeah, because it. Chamber party. What?
Speaker B: Filmmakers only.
Speaker C: I don't think I'm gonna allow it because chamber two party needs to be in person at one of these. Listen, I need. I need 2023 to be the year we all me chamber.
Speaker B: I don't know if you guys are ready for that. I'm gonna be honest.
Speaker A: If. Here's one that I wasn't gonna throw in, but I kind of want to. If you had to vote for a project on being the shortest, what project gives off short energy?
Speaker B: Like. Like, not like last thing, like short person energy.
Speaker C: Like short king energy.
Speaker A: Yeah, well, it could be short king. It could be short person, whatever.
Speaker B: I feel short king has, like, confidence. I feel like what you're looking for is, like Napoleon syndrome.
Speaker A: Like, sure. Could be that.
Speaker B: Who's, like, in your face a lot.
Speaker A: Really pushing lazy lions.
Speaker C: I was just gonna say it. Let's all three go with it. Let's all three go with it and we'll call it a day.
Speaker A: Lazy lions. All right, done. Done. There you go. Shortest. I did have one more here, so actually there was most changed. That one was. That's the one. I was going to go with pudgy penguins because that was a. Just a total flip. And then lastly, a newer project here I'm looking for. Most likely to succeed.
Speaker B: Hmm. I'm gonna put my own bags here. I'm gonna go with Savage Nation. Most likely. Most likely to succeed. Savage nation. That is the one I am putting my, you know, my money on.
Speaker A: Des.
Speaker B: Did he quit? Just left.
Speaker A: Yeah, he quit. That's it.
Speaker B: Who do you have? What do you got for that?
Speaker A: I don't know, man.
Speaker B: The plague. The plague. My other bags.
Speaker A: Yeah, the other bags. I'm going with DJ network.
Speaker B: You know what? Great call. Great calls.
Speaker A: DJ network. Most likely to succeed. You know, we'll get there someday. But I would say we've had a fantastic year at Djet Network. We've grown exponentially in terms of content and listenership and community. So huge, huge thanks to everybody that comes out and listens to all of our awesome content day after day. Keeps us company, keeps us sane, and looking forward to a lot more next year with all of you as well. So it does appear Des quit. So the next Des was supposed to lead our whole next segment, so I don't really know what to talk about.
Speaker B: That's not true, is it?
Speaker A: No, that's definitely not true.
Speaker B: Like, I was not aware Des was running a segment next.
Speaker A: No, it's. I mean, you know how it is here. There's very little preparation that just didn't take as much time as I thought. So that's the actual answer. Let's go back to Vicki, most likely to succeed.
Speaker D: Oh, I'm on the next segment. Like, Des has primed me. Ready for the next segment?
Speaker A: Oh, all right. Let's go. Let. Vicky's leading the next segment.
Speaker D: So obviously, you and Chamber have been doing, obviously, working together for five years.
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker D: So you know each other quite well.
Speaker A: Well enough ish.
Speaker D: Okay, so this is question for both of you, and we'll see how close you know each other. What is your favorite drink? First up, chamber. You gotta guess what bunch, whose favorite drink is.
Speaker A: Are we going? We're going alcoholic drink or just drink?
Speaker D: Whatever. You work together five years if it's.
Speaker B: A favorite drink, I'm gonna go. I feel like, like, bunch will go through phases. I know he was like, a vodka. Like. Like vodka soda, maybe, or just like, maybe like, vodka water for a bit when he's trying to stay in shape, maybe during the summertime. I know he's a big Sam Adams guy when it comes to beer. Big sadams.
Speaker A: Yeah, I used to work for them.
Speaker B: But as far as, like, a regular drink, I don't know. I don't know if there's, like, a. If he has, like, a cocktail that he likes more than anything, but New.
Speaker D: Year's Eve is coming.
Speaker B: Like, a little champagne. Yeah, I don't know. What do you like? What's. What is your go to drink?
Speaker A: Well, you could have. You could have. I mean, you kind of nailed it. I so, like, for one, I did stop drinking this year. So the current correct answer is no alcoholic beverages. However, last year, you would have had me pegged perfectly. I went through phases of vodka Joe when I was. That's what they were calling me when I was trying to stay on diet. So that was just the vodka club soda, and when I was trying to do no carbs, that was so vodka Joe came to life, and I've got a comic book series coming out shortly, and the. And then I was always, obviously always a big craft beer guy, and I worked for Sam Adams for many, many years, so I was very partial to all the Sam Adams beers. I couldn't tell. Chamo. You're not a huge driver. I am not. You're not huge. You're not a huge alcohol guy. You're much more of a weed guy. But I do think that if I had to. So I don't know if I could peg you like, a certain, like, an actual recipe. However, I think I would peg you with, you know, so if there was just a lineup of a bunch of stuff, whatever is the fruitiest is what I would. Is what I would pick for you out of a lineup. So, you know, whether that's, like. I feel like you would even do, like, mimosas. You'd be a big mimosa guy. I feel like you'd be into these cocktails that have a lot of, like, juices in them, like, fruit juices. How far off am I?
Speaker B: You're bang. I mean, I'll drink whatever. Like, at the end of the day, I'm not a big drinker, but I will drink kind of whatever. But, I mean, given the choice, like, when I go to, you know, we go to Mexico or something like that. I'm crushing daiquiris. I'm crushing pina coladas. No, not a ton of beer. Like, I like a nice, fruity drink, for sure. Crushing some eggnogs over the holidays. That was really tasty treat. But, yeah, definitely something with some. I don't want to taste the alcohol, so I'm not drinking, like, whiskey straight up or anything like that. All you manly men can do that on your end.
Speaker A: But I like maple syrup mojitos.
Speaker B: I'll drink a maple syrup mojito all day long. But, yeah, no, definitely something with. With a nice flavor to it.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker D: Oh, you did pretty well there between the two of you.
Speaker A: I was gonna say Vicki. How did. How do you think we did? I like these, so if you have any more of them, we fire them our way, too.
Speaker D: Yeah. I've got about 35 people come back January 1, and they're still going. Number 81. The next one is favorite food.
Speaker A: Oh, wow. I don't. God, I don't even know if I know, like, your favorite food.
Speaker B: We've never actually met Mickey, so it's like, we haven't had, like, a meal. We haven't had a drink or a meal together.
Speaker A: No. However, on our old show rec podcast, we used to drink. I used to drink frequently on air, so we've had virtual drinks together, man. Favorite food for you. Gosh, I don't know. I think I would have to take an l on this. One. Do you have an answer?
Speaker B: I don't think if I like. I like sandwiches.
Speaker A: I'm sorry, what? Oh, you like sandwiches? For you. Oh, I thought you were saying that for me.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, no, no, no, for me. Yeah, for me. It's.
Speaker A: I was like, oh, man, just take the most boring thing you can think of and just give it to me.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, I like. I like sandwiches. I mean, pizza's always been my favorite. But I would say for you, like, you're. You're what? You got some Italian in ya? You got some. Some Irish in ya. I don't know. I think. I think your Jersey italian side really takes over. Like a nice, like, like, like a real nice gaba. Nice Gaba guard pie or something like that, but like, maybe like a good lasagna.
Speaker A: No, I would so, like, if we were doing this newlywed game style, where I would have to write down my answer and show it to you after you guessed, you would have gotten this one wrong. I think we both would have. It sounds like. Except I don't know how on earth I was just supposed to come up with sandwiches as a general category, but whatever. Mine would definitely be pizza. That would be the food I would write down on my cardinal. So you did say rugat pie, I guess would be. Is that. Are you referring to pizza pie?
Speaker B: Yeah, with a little mutz on there.
Speaker A: Yeah, I would go with pizza as my guess. I mean, chamber, you know, I used to dabble with some stand up comedy.
Speaker B: That's right. I remember that.
Speaker A: My tight five included a bit about how I used to have sex with pizzas.
Speaker B: I do recall that.
Speaker A: Is it YouTube?
Speaker C: I need to know.
Speaker A: I think it exists.
Speaker B: It exists in video form. I'm pretty sure I've watched it.
Speaker A: You definitely have watched it exists. You know where it exists? If you really wanted to go find it, Chamber, it would exist in our telegram chat, I believe. Yeah. If that. If that one on one still exists, it would be somewhere there, because I videoed my. My five, maybe my first time ever doing stand up ever. I videoed it, which was just terrifying, and I sent it to chamber for review because Chamber fancies himself. If I were actually Vicki to say what Chambers dream job would be, I think one of them would be a comedy writer.
Speaker B: Bang on.
Speaker A: Bang on. He fancies himself a comedy writer. So, of course. And when I did my first ever stand up set, I sent it to him to review and TLDR. I don't do stand up.
Speaker B: The notes were firm but fair.
Speaker A: Come on. I was actually.
Speaker B: I did pretty good, honestly, for your first, like, this was his first. It was an open mic. It was his first time going up. It was fantastic. For a first. For a first shot.
Speaker A: The pizza joke is really good.
Speaker B: It's very good. There was a budding comedian in there.
Speaker A: There was. There was Des. You getting in on the newlywed game now?
Speaker C: Catch me up a little bit. I had to drop out. I'm touching grass for the first time in 2022.
Speaker A: And you went to a zoo the other day?
Speaker C: No, I mean, like, real grass, the kind you golf on the.
Speaker A: Oh, are you golfing right now?
Speaker C: I may or may not be.
Speaker A: This is just like. This is what he thinks of our show. This is like the level of professionalism. Oh, shit.
Speaker C: I mean, a lot of the dedication, though. Think of the dedication. I hop on the spaces at a zoo. Hop on the spaces at the golf course. It's a dedication thing.
Speaker A: Who are you with? I need to know.
Speaker B: By himself?
Speaker A: Do they know. Do they know anything on solar today?
Speaker C: No.
Speaker B: Did I hear a golf. Was that a shot in the background?
Speaker A: Yeah, he just took a shot.
Speaker D: Low of action.
Speaker B: Unbelievable.
Speaker A: We're off the rails. It's about time this year closes down and I guess, you know, to. Just to keep the theme, I may or may not show up for Monday. Um.
Speaker D: But was just gonna be favorite music, so I don't know if Des is around, the three of you can work out what your favorite music is.
Speaker A: This. This one's hard emo for bunch of.
Speaker C: Hundred percent, thousands percent.
Speaker B: Blink one. Just blink 182.
Speaker A: Blink 182 on repeat. Uh, man, I don't know. Chamber is really hard to.
Speaker B: I don't even know myself sometimes, so I'm gonna be honest.
Speaker A: Yeah, I feel like chamber flip flops. However, I do know that Chamber does have a nice little collection of vinyl records that he talked about on our rally road show. Actually, man, I'm so bad at music, I couldn't even list some of the bands. There's some famous canadian ones that you like.
Speaker B: There are.
Speaker A: Let me see if I can pick one out of a lineup. Jim Carrey. Wrong. Wrong. Google.
Speaker B: Let me pull up my Spotify. I'll tell you how close you are. Go to my favorites list.
Speaker A: Oh, you're an arcade fire guy, or word was.
Speaker B: Yeah, like we were. It's. I don't know if you're up to speed on the drama within the arcade fire community, but it is not good.
Speaker A: Yeah, I heard you were telling me the other one. Okay. This is the one I was looking for, so it took a Google search, but I can identify it. Now I'm seeing it and tell me if I'm right or wrong. The. Tragically.
Speaker B: I mean, if you're going to name a canadian band, that's the one to name. That is. It's wild when people are not from Canada that. See how Canadians feel about this bandaid. They're not well known outside of Canada, but they are absolute royalty from, like, children to elderly. Their last, they were. The lead singer actually passed away from cancer a few years ago, and they were doing one last tour across Canada. And the last show was televised. It was the number one televised show in Canada of all time. Like, it's. It was crazy. So it's not my favorite band. Like, there's.
Speaker A: Hold on. I need to know because I was not familiar with this band, and I felt like an idiot when you told me this. Thumbs up in the crowd. If you have heard of the tragically hit thumbs down, if you have not.
Speaker B: I can't imagine too many of you have. Unless you're from Canada.
Speaker A: No, not a lot of. Not a lot of thumbs ups. A couple. Three, four. You got three from Canada. Well, Sarah, hearing her on coffee with captain this morning, her music knowledge is just incredible. So because they were talking. I don't know if you listened to coffee with captain this morning, but they were talking.
Speaker B: I actually woke up at five minutes to ten this morning like an adult.
Speaker A: Good for you. Good for you. Look at that.
Speaker B: Holy cow. Embarrassing. Time to wake up.
Speaker A: Super jealous of that. But the kind of conversation starter this morning on coffee with captain, which was a great one by goody, was what was your first ever concert? And so people came up and shared their first concert or their mo, and their most memorable concert, and Sarah had some insane musical experience.
Speaker B: Really.
Speaker A: And knowledge. Yeah. So shout out to. There you go. But, yeah, so what, I guess. What was your first concert?
Speaker B: Bare naked ladies.
Speaker A: I was like, yes, another Canadian.
Speaker B: I was like, I don't know, like eight years old, ten years old, something like that. Where I lived, we didn't get a ton of concerts come through, and they were one. One of the few that did.
Speaker A: Don't you dare downplay the bear naked lady.
Speaker B: No, I was during, like. Like, if I had it, like the. You know, if I had a million dollars, like. Like a Gordon. The Gordon album. Like that was there.
Speaker A: Fun fact about me. I once won a karaoke contest doing bare naked ladies one week. And classic. To this day, I still know every word of that song, and it's one of my favorite go to karaoke songs. So there you go learning a lot about bunch of today. Des, what was your favorite concert or first concert?
Speaker C: God, like first concert. Like you actually remember like just straight up first concert?
Speaker A: Both, I guess.
Speaker C: You know, it's such a California thing. But Jack Johnson at the Hollywood.
Speaker B: That's the most California thing you can.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: You guys gotta understand, I come from a completely different music world than you two. I don't even want to talk music with you guys.
Speaker A: I mean, I'm not a huge. I don't have. What world. Like.
Speaker B: What are you like a jazz guy? Like, I don't know.
Speaker C: I love some jazz. Yeah, I almost fun fact about too many unnecessary names. Satchmo, which is Louis nickname.
Speaker A: Wow, that's fantastic. So, yeah, you big jazz guy. Other popular canadian bands, by the way, just since I've done the homework, I'm.
Speaker B: Gonna tell you if they're good. Well, rush I didn't realize was they're canadian royalty.
Speaker A: Some bands from our. My childhood that I didn't realize were canadian. Simple plan.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Billy talent some 41.
Speaker B: 41. I know some of these guys. I was. I knew the bass player cone pretty well.
Speaker A: Really?
Speaker B: Yeah. They're a terrible band, though.
Speaker A: Were you. Were you like a roadie or.
Speaker B: No, no, they just went to high school with some of my buddies and kind of met.
Speaker A: So it is. It's like legit our time growing up. Oh, of course. Mariana's trench.
Speaker B: I don't even know who that is.
Speaker A: Classic. And then how could you forget Nickelback.
Speaker B: Of course, you know?
Speaker A: Are you a big nickelback guy? Are they national treasures?
Speaker B: No, unfortunately, they're. It's unfortunate. I feel like they got a bad rap. They just had that too. They had too popular of a song and it really killed them. Because I'll tell you what, up until like how you remind me was. Was the tipping point. Prior to that, I was a nickelback fan. Like, they had like a couple of songs, I'm like, oh, these guys are pretty good.
Speaker A: And then, man, our lady peace was a big.
Speaker B: Fuck those guys.
Speaker A: Yeah, no guys, really.
Speaker B: I mean, most people.
Speaker A: Tegan and Tegan and Sarah's fantastic band out of BC, there's a band called Strapping young ladies.
Speaker B: I don't know that one.
Speaker A: Chilliwack.
Speaker B: Chilliwack. Great. Like seventies. Like classic rock band.
Speaker A: Okay, the Tea Party.
Speaker B: Tea Party is your nineties. Like canadian grunge band.
Speaker A: Oh, here's one that is near and dear to my heart. I grew up listening to, and I could probably recite almost every word of their, like, first hit album, the Crash test.
Speaker B: See, I didn't realize they were canadian until, like, recently. Like, I didn't know you guys. Did you know Americans weren't familiar with, like. Like, the Superman song? You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: No, but, yeah. Crash. S dummies. Big fan.
Speaker A: All right, Chamber, we're winding down on the year of 2022 and another great year of making mostly nonsense content with you and Des here. What are you most excited for next year? It can be anything. It could be NFT. It could be our show. It could be whatever you want. What are you most excited for?
Speaker B: I was gonna say for this NBA season to be over, but even then, I feel like there's just. It's just gonna continue to be terrible for me and my lakers. I'm just in a pit of despair right now. It's 2023. I look forward to. You know what? I do look forward. I feel like we will meet in 2023.
Speaker A: You think so?
Speaker B: I feel like it's gonna happen.
Speaker A: Not if I can help it.
Speaker B: I feel like it's gonna happen. That's what I look forward to. The possibility. The new year always brings certain pot. I mean, that. That. That possibility can change really quick.
Speaker A: But the Hopia.
Speaker B: There is hopium for the new year.
Speaker A: Yeah. For those who don't know, when we do meet, it's gonna be like Danny DeVito and Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Speaker B: And twin for the faces are, like, switched.
Speaker A: Yeah, right. Chamber is, like, six foot four, and I'm five seven on a good day. And so it'll be much like the movie poster for the movie twins. Des is pretty tall, though. So. Doesn't you? If we all meet at the same time, will at least be. It'll look.
Speaker C: I will be so small compared to chamber, from what I hear.
Speaker A: Will look like we'll look like those russian dolls inside of each other. Is that's how we're gonna look? I'm the smallest. Yeah, that's the rest of the.
Speaker B: You guys all fit up my butt.
Speaker A: That's right. We got. I'll be the smallest one, and then, you know, I'll fold into. Des will fold into you, and that's how it'll be when we first meet. At what conference do you think it will be?
Speaker B: I think it's nftnyc.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker B: I think so.
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, that's the one where you'll probably find me, even if I don't go, because I live.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'll come.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's what I mean.
Speaker B: No, Amber wants. Amber wants to go to New York this. This spring. Or summer. So I figured might as well kill two birds of 1 st.
Speaker A: It's in April, so. Yeah, I mean, that's only a couple months away.
Speaker B: Yeah. You got to get me tickets to Saturday live, though, while we're there, because I think we're going to stay an extra, extra little bit.
Speaker A: Oh, good. I'll call Saturday Night Live.
Speaker B: I figure, you know, I have the canadian connects. I assumed you had the american connects.
Speaker A: What? Canadian?
Speaker B: I can get you into places here in Canada.
Speaker A: Like what? What kind of places? Namely one canadian connection that you have. That would be something you would flex.
Speaker B: The original Tim Hortons. The first one I can get you in, no problem.
Speaker A: Hey, I can. I can drive you by the original Starbucks. I know a guy.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. All right. Yeah, pretty good.
Speaker A: I could get you in there. I could get you in there. It's in Seattle, but I can get you. All right. Good to know. Des, what are you most excited for in 2020?
Speaker C: Honestly, I'd say I can't wait to meet chamber in April.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: If that's the best 2023 gets, that's.
Speaker B: A shit 2020 down bad.
Speaker A: Indeed. I. No, I'm also excited to potentially meet chamber. But again, you know, I've been talking to me.
Speaker C: I have a different one.
Speaker A: I have.
Speaker C: I have a different one. It's for Starbucks to make amends for this ridiculous Starbucks for life game and listen to its users and correct it by next December.
Speaker A: What? Specifically. I forget what you're stupid thing where all the.
Speaker C: All the roles are losers.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's been happening to me a lot lately. Well, that's, you know, look, that's what Odyssey's for. Exactly. Needs to turn you from loser to winner. That's it. I'm looking forward to it, you know, now you. Now you can win alongside everyone else. You're. You are a winner, Des. I'm most excited about continuing to do this show and building dj network with you all. It's been such a cool thing to see this grow this year. I mean, like, just a year ago, we were doing shows with twelve listeners, and now we're up to 24, which is just the numbers. The numbers are crazy. That's two x. So maybe next year we'll be at 36.
Speaker B: We have 69 listeners right now, according to my phone. Nice.
Speaker A: 69. Oh, wow, that's better. Mine was showing 34.
Speaker B: I don't know, maybe mine's just programmed to show 69.
Speaker A: Yeah. Thanks, Elon. But I think I'm also excited to see where this, like, spaces stuff goes, the social audience.
Speaker B: I agree. I'm excited for being able to do this from my laptop. That would be terrific.
Speaker A: Yeah, that would be great. I think. I think that'd be awesome. So maybe we can figure that out with Twitter sometime soon. But other than that, just keep growing. These communities that were part of hopefully, you know, the bear market ends soon at some point here in 2023. And I'm also. I'm, like, hesitant to even say that, though, because, like, shit is chaotic in a bull market. Like, there's no time to, like, focus when the bull market is happening. Do you know what I mean?
Speaker B: 100%.
Speaker A: Like, you just need to be totally dialed into your once in four years chance to make generational wealth.
Speaker B: Yeah. You basically have like eight weeks to do it.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: You know, quick, man. You almost have to take time off of work.
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. Or just. Yeah, have quit your job. By the way, there's mine now says 33.
Speaker B: Yeah, mine's back down to 30 something out today. I don't know what happened there.
Speaker A: Well, we hit our all time high. We have now dumped off into. Back into support.
Speaker B: Back in a bear market now.
Speaker A: Back in the bear market.
Speaker B: It was fun.
Speaker A: Des, any parting words for 2022?
Speaker C: Four?
Speaker A: That was fantastic. Chamber, any last words?
Speaker B: No. I don't know. Go golf. Go golf. While doing podcasts, I think that's the best advice I can give you.
Speaker A: That's great. But thank you, everybody who's listened to us this year, who's listen to dj network. We have an awesome set of shows now and we're just going to keep growing them in the future. Thank you to everybody who's made a move over to spaces to hang out with us. Forget if you miss any of these spaces that we do Monday, Wednesday, Friday, four to five eastern, they all do go out as podcasts on Apple and Spotify and anywhere else you listen to podcasts. So if you'd like to check us out there or can't always make 04:00 definitely give us a little sub over on those places where you listen to podcasts.
Speaker B: I take out all the Des parts in those shows, by the way, too.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's exactly right there. It's only the good stuff. So.
Speaker C: Wrecked was before we started mentioning.
Speaker B: Rec. Never ended. It just continued.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, we. We were going to try to hand that over to somebody, but nobody wanted it.
Speaker B: Nobody had the cojones to take.
Speaker A: That's right. Well, that plus we actually almost did, and I'm glad we didn't because I don't know if the people that wanted it or the right fit, so. But if anybody wants to take over rec podcast, it's got some subs for you already.
Speaker B: Yeah, we got a podcast ready to go.
Speaker A: Ready to go. But that's going to do it for us. Check us out. We will be back on Monday. Until then, happy new year and thank you so much. Until next time, stay mint. Almost said wrecked.
Speaker B: Bye bye. It.
