Speaker A: Hello, and welcome to the mid mic crisis. I am Bunchu alongside my esteemed colleague and co host, chamber. Chamber. How you doing?
Speaker B: I am doing pretty well. It's a rainy day here in southwestern Ontario. Got a little bit of that freezing rain, so I've been stuck inside all day. It's not great. How's the weather over your way?
Speaker A: I don't know. I'm always stuck inside all day. You think I actually get out and leave my house for any reason?
Speaker B: No, you don't. I figured maybe some psls.
Speaker A: I got a coffee delivered to me by my wonderful wife, so did not have to leave the house to get the PSL today.
Speaker B: Do you ever doordash coffee?
Speaker A: No. Because the area I live in is too rural for good doordash options.
Speaker C: Really?
Speaker B: That's a problem? I mean, I don't live. I live in the kind of the heart of the city, but I've been in places where it was a little too rural, which is kind of pain. What do you have, like, three options?
Speaker A: We have to get into our car. Yeah, pretty much. Like, that's what we have to do. And so, like. But, I mean, yeah, we. Our go to for, like, takeout is just, like, two or three places that deliver.
Speaker B: Are they okay, though? Like, are they.
Speaker A: I mean, all I need is one. Give me the. Give me Dante's pizza, and that's all I need. And it is.
Speaker B: And that's on your door dash in your.
Speaker A: No need to doordash. You just call them up and say, hey, I would like you to deliver these items to my house. And guess what? They do.
Speaker B: Unbelievable. Unbelievable. It's. I mean, you love to see it.
Speaker A: All right, so, first of all, here we go. One. We didn't even touch on Reba last time because we got so in the weeds on your cracker barrel experience. So the people want to know how your reba Mac. And first of all, why and how was it?
Speaker B: So, because we're in Nashville. I had never been to the grand ole opry before, and you want to go. And leading up to it, Amber was kind of monitoring the calendar because they don't really plan out too far ahead. They're usually just like, three, four weeks out, and, you know, three, four weeks before we left, she saw that Reba McIntyre was going to be kind of headlining one of the evenings we were going to be there, so we picked up tickets right away. I wouldn't say I was the bit like, I appreciate Reba. I know what you know. I know a few of her tunes. I know she had a fairly successful sitcom, but I'm more of a Schneider guy, if I'm being honest. And, you know, we were pretty excited. You know, she is, you know, country royalty. I would say she was a. She was a ten out of ten. It was unbelievable. I knew I was going to like it. I didn't know I was going to love it. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Yeah. Would you say that Reba does not. Doesn't impress you much?
Speaker B: She impressed me much. Actually, I would say the opposite. She did impress me.
Speaker A: Now, did she make you feel like a woman?
Speaker B: A little bit. A little bit? A proud single woman? Like a single mom who works two jobs, who loves her kids, and never stops with a. I forget the rest of the words.
Speaker A: Wow. Look at you just seamlessly going through.
Speaker B: The lyrics with a gentle hand and the eye of a tiger. She's a survivor.
Speaker A: That's. That's just incredible right there. Like, this is a free show, people. It's a free show.
Speaker B: Yeah, it was. Yeah, it was very good. It was very good. But, you know, that was. That was then, and this is now. And I see too many people on my timeline excited over what happened over the weekend, and I'm here.
Speaker C: Okay, wait.
Speaker A: So, first of all, what happened over the weekend? Cause I don't know.
Speaker B: Ancient television shows.
Speaker C: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Speaker A: Yeah. We didn't even talk about this, so. First of all, like, I have a feeling you're gonna rip on it.
Speaker B: Totally gonna rip on.
Speaker A: But were you not excited that one of your favorite television shows of all time satirized the place that you've spent the last five years of your life?
Speaker B: Listen, if it was 2022 and the Simpsons was. If it was airing and magically, the Simpsons was. Was airing in 1997, I would be very excited. But we're talking about both. Both of these.
Speaker A: Are you saying officially on record, you are no longer a fan of the Simpsons? Is that what I'm saying?
Speaker B: I would say, like, I'm obviously a fan of the Simpsons, but nobody is a fan of season 35 or 34 or 27.
Speaker C: Really?
Speaker A: Okay, so you don't actively watch this anymore? Is that what you're talking about?
Speaker B: Have you watched an episode lately?
Speaker A: I haven't. Is it too woke?
Speaker B: No, it's not even that. Like, the content's fine. I mean, it's shitty. It's not. You know, it's not the writing it used to be, but the. I would say the most off putting thing is the voices. The voices are different. Like, these people are significantly older now. Like, they were adults back in 89, you know what I mean? Like they're like grandparents now. So like, Marge's voice is weird. Bart's voices. Homer's voice is a little off. Mister Burns's voice is way off. Like they're just not the voices anymore. So it's really eerie just listening to an episode. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Yeah, fair enough. I think that's a good call. So. Okay. I'm just trying to like level set where this conversation's about to go because I thought like this would be a cool thing to you. I thought you, as a Simpsons fan, I thought you were in would be into this. So I'm kind of surprised to hear that. Not moving the needle for you like, at all.
Speaker B: Obviously this. I think the Simpsons are way past their prime. I think that's not that much of a hot take. So you're having a show that's decades past its prime. Satirize nfts which are PF. Again, I don't want because I'm going to be talking some shit. I want to make sure I'm separating.
Speaker A: You are delineating nfts from P, correct. We're putting those two things in different buckets. I think it's important to do that. So I think yes. Okay, go. Keep going.
Speaker B: I do now.
Speaker A: Did you watch the Simpsons?
Speaker B: I watched that, you know, that, that part of it.
Speaker A: So I haven't watched it. So the whole thing was not about this. It was just so it's.
Speaker B: It's treehouse of horror. So treehouse of horrors, the Halloween episode. And it's usually three parts. Like three. Three different stories. This was fun because it was an NFT.
Speaker A: One of the.
Speaker B: Yes. It's only like six or seven minutes long. But it was fun because it was actually also satirizing one of my favorite movies. I don't know if you've ever seen it before, but it's basically, it's basically part two of Willy Wonka. And a lot of people don't know this. It's like an underground thing. So it's. What the fuck is it called now? I can't even think of the name. 1 second. I'll get you the. I'll get you the name of it now. So it takes place on a train. And this train is. It's the only place humans can survive now. And the different train cabins, it's called Snowpiercer. And Snowpiercer is a movie that came out in 2010. And different parts of the train are set for different class of people. So like the lower class people are at the very end of the train, and as you go through the different train cars, it's upper class, and at the very top is the leaders. So they kind of did the same thing with nfts. Maraj has to go through all of the different train cabins, and they're, you know, entry level shitty NFTs all the way to, you know, punks and apes and stuff like that. And she has to destroy them to increase her value, which gets her into the next, you know, into the next level, into the next cabin. So the snowpiercer part was the part I liked the most.
Speaker A: Did it feature anymong?
Speaker B: It did not finish it feature anymong? There was some. I feel like there was fail doodles. There was apes, there was punk. So. But again, it really, you know, people were really celebrating the fact that, oh, Simpsons is bringing back nfts. And I think both instances, the. The show is out of date. And, you know, the topic is. Is out of date, unfortunately, as well. Pfps. I mean, I think. I'm pretty sure South park satirized pfps, you know, when it was relevant.
Speaker A: South park satirized all of nfts when they were relevant. The butters episode.
Speaker B: Exactly. The relevancy.
Speaker A: I would argue that nfts are not irrelevant. Just because we are not in a raging bull market does not mean they don't still have relevance. They're just not as bubbly and hype excitement as they.
Speaker B: I would put the Simpsons and PFPs in the same bucket. Sure. They're not. Which is not irrelevant, but not relevant. You know what I mean? Yes, the Simpsons has historical relevancy, but in 2023, irrelevant.
Speaker A: So are you saying. Let me play devil's advocate here, because I'm kind of surprised at this take from you. I'm not surprised that you hate pfps, because I think the whole world saw that coming.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker A: Like, literally, when you started buying pfps, the whole world knew.
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker A: So. So I'm totally not surprised at this. Are you saying, then, that the common person who watched the Simpsons this past weekend, do you think they have. What level of knowledge, awareness of nfts? Do you think these people have?
Speaker B: I think, you know, over the past few years, they've seen. They've seen other shows reference nfts to varying degrees. I would say 90% of those references were negative tones. I would say. Would we agree there? Most of them were basically, you know, most of them were basically saying, like, this is a Ponzi scheme.
Speaker A: We are the butt of many folks, right?
Speaker B: I mean, I get the same thing. I'm a Laker fan. And all of the Laker podcasts, like, there's literally one of them that calls the crypto.com arena the money laundering arena. Like, that's like, this is my people and they're making, you know what I mean? They're making fun of what I love. So I would say NFTs is even, maybe not even more, but definitely as satirizes crypto. And yeah, it was, it's definitely the butt of the joke. But again, I just think, I think most people see it as a Ponzi slash joke. And then, like, even just the viewing numbers for the Simpsons are like, are disastrous. They're about the same volume as, you know, as the NFT volume right now. So it's crazy. I mean, like, I, it really blew my mind to see how many people were excited about, I mean, this show has not been relevant since, like, we were in high school, you know what I mean? Really. And, you know, to think that they're going to, it's going to bring the market back. I mean, it's, it's kind of, I don't want to use the word sad, but it's, it's, it's disappointing that people can't see the forest for the trees, you know what I'm saying?
Speaker A: So I feel like there's a lot to unpack here. Do you think that people's expectation is that this would pump nfts? Because first of all, I'm not even sure that it was a good depiction. Like, it wasn't a bullish NFT portrayal, was it?
Speaker B: I think it was an, I don't even think it was a negative portrayal. I think it was pretty accurate. Like, you know, once you watch it, you'll kind of get a better understand for, but, you know, basically, like, Bart takes a picture of his butt and creates an NFT and the value goes to $1.5 million and his physical being disappears and is now the NFT, but it's worth $1.5 million. They were just really highlighting the fact that in the bull market of pfps, you could literally create anything and the values would be through the roof. So I feel like the depiction was fairly accurate and I don't think it was necessarily that negative. And then again, as Marge is going to save her son, you see the different levels of nfTs, which again, I think were pretty accurate as far as the varying prices go. So I dont even think it was necessarily a negative portrayal of nfTs, I think, was actually pretty accurate, but it was pretty accurate of a time that was like, two years ago. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: So what's your beef?
Speaker B: I just don't, like, everybody was very excited, and I do feel there are a lot of PFP people out there that are holding on for dear life, that are looking for any sort of, you know, positive, you know, positive momentum in the market or any sort of. Any sort of media that coverage that's going to cover them in a positive light to really change the narrative and to bring back the volume that we were seeing a few years ago.
Speaker A: I don't think there's. I feel like I didn't see a lot of those. Like, were like, we're back. I mean, we're still. I saw we're back, but, like, we're back in terms of what, like, relevancy? Sure, maybe. But, like, the fact that it would pump your bags, I think, is. You're right. It's not true.
Speaker B: I did see a lot of.
Speaker A: I mean, like, you did see. You did see, like, again, this is like eating our own tail, right? Like, right after that, you saw Simpsons punks or whatever the hell, they went and minted and hit a 0.43 ETH floor and are now sitting at, you know, back down at, like, 0.1 or whatever or 0.07, like, so again, right? It's not. People aren't coming to buy your bags. It's all of us just passing the hot potato to each other still.
Speaker B: No, absolutely. And even fewer people, we're still passing the hot potato. But now there's a fraction of the participants that there was a few years ago. Like, it was hot potato in 2021 and 2022. It's still hot potato, but with 3% of the, you know, of the volume.
Speaker A: So I pinned a tweet up top. This is from Bat Daddy. This was satirical, but it got published by, like, a media outlet as truth. I thought it was funny, but it says, I bought 50 Springfield punks at 0.45 eth, which was the top for 43k, because I saw Simpsons episode and thought these would be the next crypto punks. I just sold them for zero, seven eth each, which was 6.6k. But, like, that's. That happened to somebody. Somebody bought one of these for 43 and are holding it. And it's probably worth, you know, less than 0.07 now. Cause it's a couple days ago. But this got 27 reposts, 55 quotes, 788 likes, and 26 bookmarks. So people thought this was a very serious post. However, I'm pretty sure it is satire. However, that does not change what the actual price action was. Right. So like to me, right, this is all eating your own tail type of stuff. And you know how I feel like there is signal in that point. There is a official Fox sanctioned NFT collection about dedicated to the show that airs right after the Simpsons. You'd think maybe that would get some volume if there really were the masses coming in because of the Simpson episode. It did not. Do you know which one I'm referring to?
Speaker B: Was it the chimpson's?
Speaker A: No, this is Crapopolis. Like, this is the Mark Harmon show.
Speaker B: Oh, right, right.
Speaker A: There's an official NFT collection regarding crapopolis, which is like a fox sanctioned thing. It was about the show and all this stuff that did not see the Boost in volume. What did see the boost in volume is the stupid derivative that somebody just did on the fly. And, you know, we all go rush to it because we know there's going to be this pump and dump mechanic that happens.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker A: And so. Yeah. What are your thoughts?
Speaker B: I mean, I just, we've just seen it so many times, like over the years, right, where people just, they get stuck in, in one particular segment of web three. And I just feel like my, my job is to shame people into looking at themselves in the mirror so they can, you know, get out of this fun job. I think. I think it is.
Speaker A: When did you get that job? Who assigned that to you?
Speaker B: Shame master.
Speaker C: Oh, shame master.
Speaker A: I didn't see the post job listing for that. How much does it pay?
Speaker B: It doesn't pay anything. It pays. It pays in poor social media interaction, engagement. Yeah, exactly.
Speaker A: Yeah, I understand. But I did, you know, maybe relative to this, but I did see this post from Jweb and a couple hours ago starting to see people's true colors now that I don't have the same PFP as them. Some fake ass mfers around here curious your thoughts there chamber in terms of, you know, just overall sentiment towards that.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, I'm assuming. I don't know if J. Webb sold. Did he, did he sell his ape?
Speaker A: He did. He sold all of his yuga assets, I believe.
Speaker B: Probably a smart move. But I mean, when you have.
Speaker A: Hold on, in fairness, you've been calling for like ten apes since I don't even know where. I'm pretty sure they're still up at like 30. And so you've been wrong. Like, that's not a correct call.
Speaker B: Hey, listen, I'm going to be wrong a lot.
Speaker A: Okay, well, but so, you know, you just said probably a good move with that voice, like, oh, it's so obvious. But I don't know, maybe.
Speaker B: Well, listen, whether they go to ten either. Whether they stay at 30, Ethan, I don't think there's going to be much movement from wherever the bottom is found. 30th is just telling me that the people that have them want to hold them for the nostalgic purposes or historic purposes, and maybe down the line, whether that's a few years or a few decades from now, maybe they'll sell it at a premium or it's part of their will and testament. You know what I mean? I think it's just telling me that the people that want to get in can get in for 30 eth or 20th or wherever it is now. Wherever the bottom is, I don't think it's going to go lower than that. I just thought the bottom was going to be ten. And if it doesn't get to ten, if it did get to ten, I don't think it would have gone higher than that. So wherever the bottom is found, I think we're just going to be there for the foreseeable future. You know what I mean? So to buy something right now. So to buy a Yuga asset for whatever price you're buying it for now, I hope you're buying it because you just want to be a part of the Yuga community, which is very cool. Like, obviously, they just had their big Hong Kong thing the other day. And again, if you want to be a community member, I got nothing. You know, I got nothing but love for that. But if we're talking about trade volume.
Speaker A: Interrupt you then, because I. And again, I'm just playing devil's advocate.
Speaker B: Yeah, I get it. I get it. I say a lot of things that make. They contradict some things.
Speaker A: Well, I just want to get, like, where your actual feeling is. Right? So, like, you tweeted earlier today that. What did you tweet here?
Speaker B: So much.
Speaker A: You said, cut your losses on PFP. Sorry, this was yesterday. Cut your losses on pfps. It's not happening. It's never too late to stop lying to yourself. A pretty aggressive, polarizing post. And look at you. It did numbers for you. It's got ten likes, it's got one quote tweet. The quote tweet was from crocs. And Crocs says today's worst take. And it also had one retweet that was from you from the mid mic crisis account by the way, have you seen this, see similar posts thing that Twitter's integrating, which is definitely AI.
Speaker B: I did see that. Yeah.
Speaker A: And I thought, I'm hitting this. I just hit it for this post. So somebody said, oh, this is from 9623 gn to everybody except people ditching NFT pfps. So definitely someone against you. Yeah, the most recent ones are from way earlier this year, so none relevant to. Too, too relevant at least. But yeah. And then stoop said, what's your excuse for holding on to that PFP? If they only knew where that actually came from. It's not really like there's difference between, you know, an avatar and a PFP in those sense that you're speaking about. Right. But like, okay, point being, you tweet, cut your losses on pfps, it's not happening. It's never too late to stop lying to yourself. But then at the same breath you're like, oh, well, if you want to be a community member, I have no problem with that. So what is your actual, what is the actual point you're trying to get across here?
Speaker B: So cut your losses just means like trading, right? Like, if you think when I say cut your losses, it's for the people that think, oh, I bought it for x amount and it's going to go whatever it's. We're going to see a resurgent, a resurgence on NFT volume, and I'll be able to sell it for a bigger number. Okay, so cut your losses is really just coming, is really just speaking to the trader of PFP, NFTs, the community, again, community members using it to work within the community, again, speaking for Yuga specifically, because at the end of the day, I think that's the only one that's relevant or even active, to be honest. We saw over the months and years what's happened to some of the other communities. So we'll just speak strictly yuga. They do some cool things. They still have a ton of money. And having one of their pfps, whether it's a mutant, a punk, an ape, gets you access to community and events, and that's fine. And the people that are like, oh, I want this to gain access to that are not lying to themselves. The people that are lying to themselves are the ones that are more the traitor side of things. Do you know what I'm saying? Does that make sense?
Speaker A: I do. And I knew that if we talked about this long enough, we would evoke Steve. I knew.
Speaker C: I knew it.
Speaker A: So before we. And I was actually, this is what I was trying to do, because I think Steve is going to come up here and debate your ass, which is great, because then I can go on mute for the rest. But before we get to that, I have trivia, too. That's where I was going. I was going, make sure you have trivia ready for, for Steve.
Speaker B: So I'll give him an easy one, too.
Speaker A: I'm going to you, and then we'll go to Steve and then we'll continue this conversation.
Speaker B: All right, Steve, are you prepared for your trivia question?
Speaker C: I'm going to do my best. I've had some close calls up here with trivia, so I'm a little bit nervous.
Speaker B: I'm going to give you the layup of all layups.
Speaker C: All right, let's go.
Speaker B: In skiing, what is a mogul?
Speaker C: Oh, it's like a little bump when you're going down a hill that you kind of go over and say it makes it more challenging when you're going down the hill. Like little snow bumps.
Speaker B: Bingo.
Speaker A: A very rich hill. Often wears a. Michael.
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker A: All right, Steve, I'm going to kick it right over to you. I'm sure this conversation has triggered you in many ways. Give it to chambers.
Speaker C: No, actually, it hasn't. I understand his take. Like, I figured there was something reasonable behind what he's saying. Now, sometimes there's not. Sometimes he says things that are crazy. I think it's a very reasonable thought where he's saying, like, look, if you want to be a community member, that's great, but you can't really trade these things to go up. Um, and look, I have no idea the direction they're going. And I largely agree. I think a lot of people have settled out at the place where, like, find the places in the communities you want to be in because nothing's guaranteed as far as the price goes. Now, that said, you know, I think about, you know, Josie, the, you know, founder of cyber brokers recently tweeted something where she was talking about her punk. And I was kind of starkly taken aback by it because she bought it in 2019, and the price that she bought it for in 2019 without looking chamber, and you may already know this or be able to get a handle on it. How much do you think she paid for her punk in just, you know, less than four years ago?
Speaker B: Like in ether? In USD.
Speaker C: Let's go USD, not loonies and toonies.
Speaker B: Dollar. $350. 100.
Speaker C: Like 97. And she thought she overpaid for it. It wasn't a floor.
Speaker B: Amazing.
Speaker C: So my point more than that. More than that being. I can't tell you for a fact if this, uh, if pfps are going to go up or down, I don't know what's going to happen. But I do think to some to say that there's going to be no future value is crazy because I mean, this week alone we had what, two, three punk sales, over a million dollars. So it's not to say that it's a guarantee or any floor goes the same or, you know, we don't see a crash down and a lot, you know, they're not utility based, you know, pfps. But I do think it's a little bit crazy to say, like, like I would not be surprised if apes were ten east in five years, to your point, you know, or the equivalent of the ten ETH in USD right now. Right? Because who knows what ten ETH will be. I also wouldn't be surprised if apes were 100 eth in ten years. Like, I don't think it's easy to predict what that is based on historical value for sure, but also utility and other programming that goes against it. And the other thing I'd say you might be discounting is like, because NFTs are sort of programmable software. You mentioned if someone is buying an ape right now, as an example, they're paying, you know, 56. They're basically buying like a car for this ape, like a nice car. And if somebody's willing to do that and choose not to sell it, I don't think it's crazy to say as the NFT infrastructure improves, that businesses that are sort of on the higher end are going to give deals or try to give special benefits to get those people in their ecosystem. You know what I'm saying?
Speaker B: Totally. No, I mean, I get what you're saying. I just, again, more speaking for the traders and honestly speaking to the volume I'm just looking at, I'll post it here. I mean, daily volume for ETh yesterday was $14 million, which is great, you know what I mean? Maybe there's a couple of apes in there, maybe there's a punk. And then you just compare it to what we were dealing with just a few years ago, and it's at the very top. Like $191 million is the highest daily volume we saw. I mean, that's a crazy difference. I mean, even if you just go back to February 2023, it's half of that, you know what I mean? I don't know, it's just the volume is not there. The participants aren't going to be there. The people that are trading, the people that are buying. Again, yes, somebody might buy an ape, somebody might buy a punk, but that wallet probably made a hundred times that amount. Trading nfts already or trading crypto, and they're just looking for whatever, you know what I mean? Like, what's your time?
Speaker C: What's your timeframe? I guess what I'm thinking on this, because if you're thinking in like the next like six months, it's one thing, but I guess maybe I'm, maybe I'm well misaligned on time.
Speaker B: We'll even say, like for the next four years.
Speaker C: Yeah, see, that's where I think you're like also, you know, and who knows, like, right. There's, there's two cases to be said, and I can't look into Crystal Ballonski in the future. I think the other thing you might be discounting is the accessibility of like, well, two things. One, what DJ's are going to look for, because if there's bitcoin, ETF's and things like that, I don't know if that price is going to be hyperbolic after things settle in. So then people will be like, well, where's the next gains to be made? Disproportionately, it's either trading shit coins or trading nfts. So there could be like one of those two options, but two, I think it discounts the opportunity for infrastructure upgrades. It gets more people on the Ethereum blockchain where now it's like, I couldn't explain to my friends how to get on the Ethereum blockchain very easily because they have to like set up a metamask, all stuff. I could foresee a future where it's pretty easy to just go on your mobile device, you know, without a metamask or anything like that, and just like point and click from your apple wallet and buy. And I think that's another potential way these things are transacted a little more frequently. And I imagine frequency goes up with convenience because inability of access sort of, you know, scarcity of access right now, and ability is, I think, a major sort of barrier to people trading nfts. So that's the other thing I would say. Like, if you're talking four years, I mean, I just gave you four years. Nfts went from $100 to a million dollars in certain ones. So I think in four years, it's not crazy to say that there's one.
Speaker B: Infrastructure, one went from $100 to a.
Speaker C: Million dollars to this week to this week. Two alone this week.
Speaker B: Yeah. No, no, no. But that was one, wasn't it? Weren't they both punks or both apes?
Speaker C: Both punks. Both punks. Yeah.
Speaker B: So, like one type of PFP. And again, I got, I got to be, I got to be make sure people understand I'm talking PFPs and not NFTs, because I do think the values of NFTs can hold a lot of opportunities in the future. I'm talking strictly pfps that exist currently, you know, and again, I'm seeing, even today, Gordon say, you know, saying he's buying a bunch, I think it was today or yesterday, buying a bunch of nfts. Like, these are people that have made a tremendous amount of money that are buying the, you know, the quote unquote floor right now. No one's like, this is a. I truly believe this is a beanie baby issue. And I mean, we're the same age, so we both remember the Beanie baby craze where everybody, you know, all their, all of our moms were going through the closet looking for a millennium Beanie baby, thinking they were going to retire on it. You know what I mean? And I think the narrative, again, strictly speaking, PFP NFTs is so sullied and the reputation is so sullied. There's no comment. Like, there was.
Speaker C: This is a very, this is a very moment in time take, though. I guess that's what I'm kind of like, thrown by, is like Beanie babies. And besides that, the utility of Beanie babies was your crazy old cat lady. I mean, of nfTs.
Speaker B: Of PfP Nfts. Yes. Very similar to, I would argue, a beanie baby you can cuddle with. I can't cuddle with any of the NFT, any of the PFB.
Speaker C: Beanie baby never sold me $500 sweatshirts chamber. But, like. No, it's just. But I guess I'll say this like, I see what you're saying. I just think that when there's non participants who don't understand a market, that's more of a market opportunity than a market failure, unless there's an app. Because, like, Beanie babies, the example you talked about, they were ubiquitously sold everywhere and had a craze and were all over the news. Right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Nfts are. Have scarcity of access. It's a very, that's why I finally find this analogy very interesting. Besides the fact that it's physical, it's not programmable software, all those things. I do think it's interesting because it's like Beanie babies were like. If you go to the average person and ask them about a bored ape, they're not going to know what it is, right? Even though that's.
Speaker B: I think if you showed them a picture of a board ape, I think a good. Maybe not the majority, but, you know, 30, 40% of people might.
Speaker C: But if you walk down the street in the nineties with like a beanie baby in your hand, you say, what? That? What's that? Everyone says Beanie baby. So I think that that's the difference is like a hype cycle with a very small market versus a hype cycle with a very big market. To me, there's potentially more marketing.
Speaker B: I would argue the volume in NFTs was a billion times higher than the volume in beanie baby trading.
Speaker C: But again, that's access of trading. That's like the blockchain itself. I'm saying like, the actual addressable market is smaller. So like you're arguing like. I guess. I guess the point is, like to argue like pfps as a whole are going to go the way the dinosaur is.
Speaker B: I would say that current PFP. The current pfps. And again, much similar to. Because I always kind of equate things to crypto, right? Like especially in web three, you know, the shit coins, because that's essentially what they are. They're just, you know, shitcoins with a picture and varying. So the interesting with crypto because obviously I think that's where the money is going to flow into in the short term or where money is going to be able to be made in the short term. The nice thing with crypto is you can get on a shitcoin like mon or turbo or any of the other shitcoins we've talked about in the past. And it's fairly simple. You know what I mean? Every hmong is worth the same as any other Hmong when you.
Speaker C: It's fun. It's fungible, correct.
Speaker B: That is, when you add, you know, the selection process of a. You know, of an image. We'll use board apes. You know, I mean, I can get a. The different furs, the different eyes, the what, what have you. And then there's. There's also a certain. There's a certain. I think there's a connection. Like, I mean, you know, you like yourself. Like you're can. There's. A. It would be very difficult to sell yours. A, because I don't think you. A, you want to sell yours, but b, if I wanted to buy yours, say and I offered you, you know what, Steve? I'm going to offer you $10 million for your p, for your PFP. I don't know. Would you take, by the way, would you take that deal?
Speaker C: I mean, yeah, I probably take $10 million. I love this ape a lot. $10 million sounds really nice.
Speaker B: Okay, so I can offer, but at the same time, I could offer you that. And if I'm just not a huge Steve fan, it would be very difficult for me to utilize your ape for anything besides getting access to, you know what I mean, communities and stuff like that. So there's another aspect to pfps that make it a little trickier to trade also, as opposed to crypto, because crypto, you know, you go on uniswap and you're trading all the same ones. So it's, I would say it's a little bit easier to trade that. And traders are of, I think, more inclined to do something that's a little simpler. Where I do find trading pfps, there's an additional layer of complexity there that makes it a little bit more difficult to trade because you're adding a bunch of different things. But I do think so using all of the pfps that currently exist, your mfErs, we won't even include the Yuga stuff, just your second tier stuff, you know what I mean? Moonbirds and Mfers and doodles and.
Speaker C: Think.
Speaker B: Of all of them now. But if people, I don't care what happens. I would bet a million dollars that the values for those particular pfps do not go up in any meaningful way.
Speaker C: I mean, I would take that bet on certain ones, but I guess that's the point is like, it's a g, like, so I don't think what you're saying, like, as we unpack it. So there's two things going on here. And I'm kind of like, I think there's, it's worth kind of sort of bifurcating the discussion where it's like on one sand, you have the short term traders, to your point, which is why I asked for the timeframe. Right. I mean, like, in a short term, and kind of what you're talking about, about, you know, how people trade and what people trade. I think that's a fairly, that that is a fair take, right? Market participants increasing will be people who actually want to own these things. But the part that I would probably disagree on is I don't think we know right now who the ultimate long term, like, if your sort of perspective is, there's no long term winners in the PFP part. That's what I, the premise I would generally reject versus, like, long term winners in the PFP spar, it's like, whether it's Yuga or not, right? Yuga could be AOL. It could be, like, the first that brings us in, but then it kind of isn't around.
Speaker B: I think as of right now, if we, if we put a cutoff line today, Yuga is the only one with a fucking chance.
Speaker C: See, that's, that's, that's bananas. That is a banana statement, right? Like, I mean, that, that's where I'm.
Speaker B: Like, who else has a chance right now? Like, right now, who else has a chance?
Speaker C: I don't know. I mean, doodles has, like, 70 million plus in funding, so they've got years of Runway to develop partnerships and relationships with what they're doing, uh, there with some pretty big names.
Speaker B: Do not think, do you not?
Speaker C: Artifact is under Nike. I mean, like, Nike acquired them. Like, they're, they're like, I got a.
Speaker B: Fucking $8,000 worth of fucking shoes I'm looking at right now. All right, I'll give me some artifact that nobody wants to buy on stockx, by the way. So if anybody does want to buy a pair of, I have a pair of stone 13s.
Speaker C: Yeah, but, like, I was going to say you were, like, size 75. It doesn't work for him.
Speaker B: No one has sevens in ice that people can wear as well. So, yeah, they're here for you. Bottom. I'm going to sell the, I'm going to sell the floor on these things. So I do. And again, those are not pfps. I want to make sure we stay on. Artifact is not a PF. I mean, it is a PFP, but the artifact pfps are going to be useless. Artifact shoes might be worth something ten years from now.
Speaker C: But I just to kind of answer your question, I mean, there's, there's sort of artifact, I think, on chain monkey has an interesting space in the world, right? Because they have a unique connection to the bitcoin ecosystem based on their founders. So it's like they're ones that I could see people gravitating towards are, like, the only bitcoin PFP that doesn't make bitcoiners want to throw up, right? I mean, that's interesting. They're going to ordinals, you know, the friends.
Speaker B: If, if bitcoin, like, if bitcoiners is, like, the people we're trying. Like, I think the reputation of pfps and, you know, people know them as nfts, but know they don't understand the varying degrees of nfts. We can agree there. But PFP specifically, the reputation for them are so, is so poor. It's worse than crypto. Like, NFTs have a worse reputation than crypto. And Sam Bankman fried is going to go to prison for a kajillion years, I'm sure. And a nice prison, I'm sure, too, for crypto fraud. And if you were to poll most people, they would put NFTs as a worse Ponzi scheme than crypto.
Speaker C: Yeah, but that's like, again, this is where you talk about a percentage of a percentage in the corner of the Internet. This is my point is I'm talking.
Speaker B: About the perception worldwide.
Speaker C: If you go worldwide and you ask how many people, I mean, also, again, it depends where you go, right. Because there's like, let's probably worth focusing on American Canada because there's the axie infinity craze where they actually understand the nuance over there. Right. I would say the asian market has a lot more affinity towards nfTs, too, and things of it different from what I've heard from people who are in Hong Kong, not just around the eight best people, but in general in that market, which is why it's one of the markets that everyone's attacking. So I think that's a whole different ballgame that could also kind of buck your thesis or whatever. But I do think in America, that's my point is, like, if you ask the average person, I bet you less than 5%, like, probably less than. Certainly less than one in five people are going to know what a NFT is if you ask them. But probably even shorter than that, if you're like, what's an NFT? They're like, I don't know. I've heard about.
Speaker B: Are you saying pictures, would they be able to define like. That's what I'm saying. I think more than one in five people would know that NFTs were some bro thing that was making a bunch of money. Like pictures on the Internet that were selling for millions of dollars. I think more than one in five people would know that.
Speaker C: I don't know. I guess. I guess that would be curious. Off to all. Look, I mean, we don't know.
Speaker B: Yeah, we don't know for sure, but I would say that more than one in five people do.
Speaker C: But, like. But I think, like, my point being, like, so let's say that it's what, let's say that it's one in three people know what an NFT isn't associated with a PFT. So that's like 33% of the population. And then let's say 60% of those people say they're trash, right? And they're a giant Ponzi scheme. So you're talking 60% of 30%.
Speaker B: I think it would be. I'm saying 90% of those people, but I don't. I think 90% of the people that know what nfts are or know that kind of what I said like that. Oh, yeah. Those were pictures on the Internet that were selling for millions of dollars. I don't think 60% of the people think it was a Ponzi scheme. I think 90 plus percent of those people would think it was a Ponzi scheme.
Speaker C: Yeah, I guess. I guess that's the thing that we're probably stuck on, is I think there's a lower market penetration and awareness and you're aware of. But that's. But that's. That's the, that's my. My general thought process. But I could be wrong on that. Um, I don't know. I. I see your thesis. I don't think it's crazy, right? Like, this is how, like, a lot of you have a lot of, like, really funny, entertaining sort of tweets and takes, and then you have this boiled down that's, like, really well thought out. I I just. I would disagree on the PFP thing as the world exists now, because I actually think people. I would actually, uh, if I had to bet one way or the other, and I'm not saying the current crop of, like, pfps what you're saying, but I think pfps as a practice is probably only going to exist when you see, you'll see social media and other things take off and larger companies introduce them. That's my.
Speaker B: And I will say this. If, you know, now that we are firmly in the bear market and possibly seeing an uptick in the market, if there are other companies that start creating pfps that are new, those I could see as a trader, I could see a possibility where you could make money, there. I'm talking about. And again, that's exactly the same as what happened in crypto with shitcoins. Shitcoins that were trading in 2018 were not the ones that I wanted to trade, not the ones that were doing the volume. It was the newly created shitcoins in 2022 and 2021 and 2023 that we saw. I mean, we saw the meme coin season where tons of new shitcoins were created, and that's where the volume was. So I think fairly similar to that with pfps. If there is a taste for that in the future, it would be the newly created PFP nfts that could see volume.
Speaker C: Yeah. Here's what I'll say. Because I got to go eat, because I would largely agree with you on the thought of, for short term, very high volume, the ups, the downs, things like that, that's going to be more short term things. I do think there's going to be at least lower volume until the infrastructure improves, although I don't think it's crazy to think that. But it's also about upside proportionally, anyway. If you're buying a board API club at 30 ETH, which is, I don't know, what is that right now? Like 50 grand, 60 grand, whatever the number is right now, you're also. You're also putting yourself in a position where the upside feels more limited. But this is a conversation similar to what Joe said at the beginning of this. We've had many times. Right. Where it was like, I remember when, I remembered distinctly, we're on a djen call, and I was. And it was me, you, and chris, and I think bunch was on as well. And we asked the question, like, when would you sell your board ape? And they were at like seven eth. And you're like, why be selling right now? No way they can go higher. What can I do with my money? I could put it here and it'll go quicker than there. And of course, they eventually made it to 150th or something crazy like that. Now, it's not to say that would happen again, but.
Speaker B: But I could have limited upside, right? I could have also taken that 70th and turned it into 258th. You know what I mean by trades?
Speaker C: I don't know about.
Speaker B: I mean, theoretically speaking. Yeah. Theoretically speaking, yeah.
Speaker C: And I get it.
Speaker B: One could have.
Speaker C: And it was. And look, really smart people, mitch had the same theory, right? Mitch made the same point. I remember mitch when he was on mint condition, when you guys were doing the live show, and he was like.
Speaker B: Number one show all time, by the way.
Speaker C: It was an amazing show. And he was just like. I remember him just with the ultimate flex when board apes were like, 50 Eth. He's like, I could buy four board apes right now or something. He's like, but I can make more money with that money if I do something else with it. So it's. It's not necessarily a wrong take. I think you're right. And I think you have to back the correct horse in that sense. I just don't think there's a world where pfps just slowly die. Overall, I think the current crop of pfps, you're going to see some incremental winners. Right? I don't. I just don't think you is the only one with the chance. Right. I think it's too early to make a comment like that because otherwise you would have said, you know, early on in the cycle, you said Amazon was a lame web two business with or web one business with no chance. Right. So I think it's a little early in the cycle to call that, but I don't think it's a crazy take that most pfps are going to be in shit shape. But I don't think that's different than anything else that we've said all along about a lot of these things going to zero. I guess. So. I don't know. I'll kind of leave it at that. But I don't think it's a crazy take. I appreciate the thoughts there.
Speaker B: Okay. You know what? That was a very well argued point by Steve. I think we lost a bunch, too, by the way. The New Jersey Internet is not what it used to be. All that money is going into diners. I've been nonstop thinking about New Jersey diners too, by the way. I didn't realize that New Jersey had the monopoly on all those diners. So pain. I'm going to talk to you for a minute because bunch is nowhere to be found. What, what are your thoughts? I think you got in in crypto before you got in in nfts, right?
Speaker D: Correct.
Speaker B: Okay. What are your thoughts? What are your thoughts on. On PFP nfts? Are you more in the Steve camp or somewhere in the middle or more in my camp?
Speaker D: I think you all both had valid points. I would say probably more in your camp.
Speaker B: Smile.
Speaker D: I didn't want to have to say that on air, but I do think there were valid points on both sides. So I'll be kind of interested to see what ends up happening as far as more of the legacy ones, which, I mean, Steve brought up a good point with the, with the whole Nike business, but I don't know. I don't know.
Speaker B: I feel like all of these Nike shoes have not hitdev the ones. I mean, I can speak from experience because like I said, I've been trying to sell these from day one. They're all still in the box. I haven't even had a fucking bite just fishing in the wrong fishing hole, you know? Yeah.
Speaker D: And even with, you know, LeBron, he rocked the art.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: You know, nothing really happened.
Speaker B: I don't know if anybody. I mean, we have a few more minutes. If anybody else wants to come and yell at me or I, you know, what have you, or defend my honor, that would be fine, too, I think. Yeah, I think bunch may have used up all of his Internet on. He was hosting. I don't know. Did you listen to any of the hive three spaces he was doing just before this show?
Speaker D: I was not able to. I am just waiting for the AI overlords to take over, and I'm just trying to stay in good standing with bunch because I know he will be one of the lieutenants in the AI army for sure.
Speaker B: Right. I agree. I agree. It's all about who you know, man. You know, you want to be involved in the community. So whether it's Steve or cap or Vicki who's in the crowd right now or bunch, I mean, I feel like we've surrounded ourselves with thought leaders and people that will throw us a bone in the future when they're, you know, the Jeff Bezos is like, imagine being Jeff Bezos's acquaintance. Like, I'm sure you're making money. You know what I mean? I'm not even saying best friend. I'm saying, you know, Jeff Bezos. Oh, yeah, you're probably doing okay, is all I'm saying. You know what I mean?
Speaker D: But, yeah, you're doing well, for sure.
Speaker B: I can't imagine anybody that Jeff Bezos knows is worth less than $5 million. And that's all I'm really looking for. I'm looking for my five milli. That fuck you money. You know what I'm saying? Where you don't have to do anything else. You just live off of. Just live a meager life off of investment returns. You know what I'm saying?
Speaker A: That sounds glorious.
Speaker B: Doesn't that sound great?
Speaker A: How do we do that?
Speaker B: I don't know. You have to become Jeff.
Speaker A: I don't even know if I need five. Five. You know, like, well, inflation.
Speaker B: It's got to be five. Now, I would. I would argue. Might have to be.
Speaker A: All right, well, then I'm never. It's never happening for me.
Speaker B: No, in this scenario, you. You need to become, like, a mega billionaire. And then I get.
Speaker C: Did you.
Speaker D: Did you hear me talk about you being one of the lieutenants in the AI army?
Speaker A: No, I, unfortunately, was getting hardcore rugged towards the end of the Steve Chamber debate, and I don't mind. The Internet connection at my house is completely out, so I'm on cellular now. But I missed the end of the conversation there. But it was a. It was a great debate. I'm actually super glad Steve came up, because so am I. Well, I mean, like, that's the proper debate you should have had, right? Like, that was.
Speaker B: I should be put. I should be getting pushed back on, right?
Speaker A: I mean, it's almost like the guy's written a book about nfts or something, you know?
Speaker B: I know. And here I am shitting on his book.
Speaker A: Here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to buy you a copy so you can read up about nfts, so maybe you'll be more educated and your takes are just, you know, a little better.
Speaker B: Can I. Can we do this? Can we ask Steve if I can be the voice for the audible version of his book?
Speaker A: Oh.
Speaker B: Because then I'll definitely listen to it.
Speaker A: I don't know if I'm allowed to say this, but I feel like I heard in passing from Steve that he had to audition for his own audiobook.
Speaker D: Which I'm pretty sure I heard that, too.
Speaker A: Okay. Maybe he said it out of space, which is. Which is great, because I can't tell if I maybe heard that on a call or if he said it on coffee, but I just think the. It's. It reminds me of you having to audition for. For what's called the first.
Speaker B: For the first mint.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Except it is the same.
Speaker A: Except it would be an insult. It would be like if I made you read in for a specific episode of this show, and, you know, that would be.
Speaker B: That's insulting. I can't believe they insulted Steve like that. That's ridiculous.
Speaker A: Well, I mean, look, if. If I were Steve, I would have just sent. I would have just said, hey, I've got 500 episodes of two and a half hours of content for your reference. Like, you know, just. I'd have flashed that Adam and just dropped the mic. What do you think?
Speaker B: I think that's a very fair point.
Speaker A: Yeah. Here's the catalog of 500,000 hours of me talking.
Speaker B: I hope he get. Like, I hope he. Like, I hope he didn't have to audition too hard. Like, that's very upsetting. I hope he gets it.
Speaker A: I mean, it's a very prestigious role here. Like, there might be thousands. I know, but, like, that doesn't mean he can read. Read.
Speaker B: I mean, I think he can read.
Speaker A: First of all, just tell him that.
Speaker B: I think you.
Speaker A: You would certainly not be a candidate for the audiobook. Like you have admittedly hundred percent not read and you have trouble reading. So auditioning for an audiobook does not include listening to an audiobook. You actually have to read it out loud like you are.
Speaker B: I see.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Could we not just do some AI voice training?
Speaker A: You 100% could do that. Especially with a thousand plus hours of Steve's voice. Like we, like he has some coffee. So up. And he left. So he was very.
Speaker B: Where did you, where did you fall on the. In the conversation between Steve and I? Did I lose him again? I did that on purpose. No.
Speaker A: All right. Like, that's what I do.
Speaker B: Actually.
Speaker D: Doesn't want to give it on here.
Speaker B: Oh, I think there's just a super delay now. Okay, well, I'll tell you what, we're going to end it here, bunch. Once you get the delay action, we'll. You can go right into the close.
Speaker A: I mean, I don't feel like it's delayed for me, but that is going to do it for us. Until next time, keep the mic hot.
