Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by Degen Network, the only community based web three media network, bringing you the very best content in the NFT and cryptocurrency space. Please visit dgen.net work and check out our other great shows. That's dgen. Dgen.net work. Welcome to the future.
Speaker B: On today's show, we have a market therapy session. Are we at the end of the NFT bear market? Does Ethereum have one more big down move? We've got this or that news or nah. And defend that tweet. Plus, we're drafting Halloween candy. Let's go. Hello and welcome to the mint condition. I am bunchu, alongside both of my esteemed colleagues and co hosts, chamber and Des Chamber. How you doing? Week off last week.
Speaker A: Oh, man. Week off. Rejuvenated, refreshed, and reminded of, of the type of professionalism I deal with here on the main condition. You know, you were you 5 seconds ago. What are we doing? Boom, boom, boom. I got the intro. Cold reads. He's our very own. Who's the do it live guy? Bill O'Reilly. Bill O'Reilly. He's our very own Bill O'Reilly. Just, just a consummate professional, so just, just nice to be reminded sometimes.
Speaker B: Look, you have a week off and you come back rejuvenated with the renewed passion of podcasting and, and that's how we do it here. Des, how are you doing, my friend? You've had an interesting week, I believe.
Speaker C: Yeah, no, it's been good. It's a, it's officially spooky season, and I'm, I'm excited for it and all the thing, I feel like NFTs last year around Halloween got a nice little buzz. For whatever reason, everyone does like limited Halloween drops and stuff like that.
Speaker B: So I remember, I remember Chamber just sweeping spooky floors all over the place. You still got them?
Speaker A: Oh, all of them. All of them. Yeah, most of my.
Speaker B: We should probably give something away. You want to give away something?
Speaker A: Multiple spooky NFTs to give away.
Speaker B: All right, anybody who retweets this episode gets one. Getting something from?
Speaker A: Honestly?
Speaker B: No. Well, we'll pick a winner to get, so I don't know how many. What you got in the graveyard?
Speaker A: We'll pick three winners. How about that?
Speaker B: Three winners go out and retweet our show. Tweet.
Speaker A: I'll drop it in the comments here.
Speaker B: Entered to win something from chambers NFT graveyard, which is quite vast, maybe very terrifying. Maybe one of your thousand flutters, maybe.
Speaker A: No, no, we're not giving those, you don't give away those willy nilly. I got, what do I got? I got some anti social club or whatever. I got some, I got a bunch of those ones. I got some. Who's, who did the, I think that they're called, I think they're called Frankie's. I got a bunch. Oh, yeah, I got a bunch of frankies. Maybe like a hundred of them.
Speaker C: God, that's a throwback.
Speaker A: Yeah. I think that was last spooky season, right?
Speaker C: Yeah. Yeah. Alien boy was partnered with them.
Speaker A: I think that's what it was.
Speaker B: I knew somebody was our, our friend Boshi Manos here, frequent listener to the show is, is saying almost over for the NFT bear market. He sold all his pixelmon that he bought at 0.17 to 0.24.65 plus in the last week. So maybe some life coming in to.
Speaker C: The NFT art on Pixelmon. I mean they, if that launched at the original state, I think everything would have been fine.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, well that was, that was definitely the, that was the problem was the art. And I wonder what the Kevin floor is. It was like .7 last time I looked at it when we talked about it on this show. However, if, if you're saying to me that you're selling, I think it's like four or five. Oh man, I want a Kevin so bad. They're going to get away from me. It's just a, an NFT relic that will give, you know, I've seen them as high as, I mean, recently, like two and a half, but I think they got down to like 0.7 at one point. But um, we've got the whole crew showing out. We got phonics, we got voice, we got oshimanos, we got the captain Zwingli, Chris Jordan, shout out. So, you know, if you're first tuning into this show or first finding out about us here at Djen Network, captain and Steve host coffee with captain every morning, Monday through Friday at 08:00 a.m. eastern. Runs for about 2 hours. It's quickly becoming a, the most popular show in NFT is, it's, was there.
Speaker A: Any, was there any doubt that this.
Speaker B: Was gonna, I mean, the only thing that would have been more popular is if we actually showed up more than once a week or any time during the week, really. But you know, they've really got a lockdown on that Twitter spaces on that, that morning Twitter space and phonics, who we just had up on the screen, one of the hosts of the Degen night shift. That is where you'll get the most active alpha in the space. These guys are true DJ's.
Speaker A: I think these guys were throwing out 20 eth a zookeeze by Christmas.
Speaker B: That was their call.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's some. Some wild stuff happening late night.
Speaker B: Onyx wants to know if Pixelmon is setting up for the world's first double ruggeden. Um, but yeah. So those are some of the fantastic shows we got on DJ network. Give them a follow. Make sure you tune in really awesome content provided by those guys. So let's get into it. We have a lot to get to today. Sometimes we come on this show and we don't talk about shit, but today we have some.
Speaker A: Not one of those guys.
Speaker B: Sometimes it's generous.
Speaker C: I think most times.
Speaker B: First, I want to. I want to give Des the floor. I believe, Des, that you were at Web three expo in Vegas.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker B: I want to hear all about it. I want to hear your takeaways. I want to hear about all the fun you had. And, you know, what? What was the general sentiment from this conference? Because, you know, we are in the midst of a bear market. It's both for crypto macro, nfTs.
Speaker A: Was it old Vegas or new Vegas?
Speaker C: It was new Vegas. Very new Vegas. I'm going to try to speed recap it, because despite being there only a hot minute, I do have some good stories. So, yeah, overall, in general, for anyone who we're talking about, the web three expo, it was their first real year of doing the conference. Whereas NftnYC is more about parties and communities and the parties that communities throw. This is definitely more business forward. So this is more about networking, seeing who you can partner with for funding things like that. It's very business forward, and you can feel it from the attendees to the events they have planned. Um, so it's, you know, it's a different vibe, but nonetheless, it was in Vegas, which, honestly, for NFT people to gather anywhere in the world makes sense for it to be in Vegas. Um, it was at the Wynn hotel. They splurged on their first conference. It was beautiful. Amazing hotel. First time I've stayed there. And, yeah, it's the only place I.
Speaker A: Stay when I go to Vegas. Do you. Do you know, there's a great breakfast spot there. They got this peanut butter smoothies. They're absolutely delicious.
Speaker B: Wow. I did not have chambers Vegas Yelp reviews on my. This is great.
Speaker A: Big fan of the wins.
Speaker C: So it was cool. They had some pretty interesting, like, different things. Like they did a shark tank, but whale tank, uh, to invest in projects and led to one of the funnier stories for some of us. Um, so it was this one guy pitching a, which shout out to wags. He's a really cool dude. Met him, um, he's awesome guy. Uh, wags on it, uh, on Twitter. Uh, he started a digital animation company that focuses on web, three platforms. So it's a little bit of a SaaS kind of play, but it's also, they're creating their own content and their own nfts, backed by some big names from Paramount and Disney and things like that. And so he was pitching a panel of five people, or four people that day, I think it was Drew Barman, Zenica, Ryan Carson, and shoot.
Speaker B: Damn.
Speaker C: Who was it? Oh, von Doom. And, and so he was pitching them for an hour. I thought that was a little long, but he was pitching them for hour. Uh, he did really well, answered a lot of the hard questions that they were giving him, but then it was open mic questions. So I asked my little frou frou question about, you know, hey, how do you create content and ip that people care about? And then this guy behind me goes, hey, can I get the mic? And I, so I run over there and I give him the mic. My fault dude was Forbes.
Speaker B: Oh.
Speaker C: And had, it was on a war path to destroy this kidney so that he could write his article about it on Monday. He called their project.
Speaker B: God.
Speaker C: Like, what was it? It was like, it was basically called it, like, just suicide. I think he just called this, this, this project is suicide. You guys are going nowhere. You have no funding, you have no Runway, you have like, no resources, no id. Like, it was the worst thing ever. And he was so condescending. It was, it was honestly one of.
Speaker B: It was, did people boo him out.
Speaker C: Of the room for us? It was funny. It was. You could hear a pin drop for a long time.
Speaker B: Did anybody, like, clap back at him or anything?
Speaker C: No, but you could hear the whispers of, like, fuck that guy.
Speaker A: That's crazy. I think the big takeaway for me here is how are, how were you not one of the whales? You just listed me a bunch of people here. Where's Des on that panel? I want, I want people pitching to destin next year. Next year, maybe, I guess. I don't know about this.
Speaker C: I call so much of a softie. They were good. The panel was good. And they asked, they asked some good questions. I'd be too big of a softie for that.
Speaker B: Begin all your money and what other takeaways are there? I've had some, most people have said that. I've heard that it was more business forward, which I think is a good thing. Um, I wonder if, if NFT NYC will kind of fall behind as, like, this trend of it being where the projects party. Like, I assume that will die down a little over the next couple years. And, like, because it was the only game in town for a while, you know? And so I'm wondering if, if that will dwindle.
Speaker A: Correct me if I'm wrong, but, like, the accessibility of New York City is.
Speaker B: It's terrible.
Speaker A: Terrible, right? Yeah, that's what I'm thinking. So, I mean, you know, we all know the ease in which you can, you know, host events in Vegas. I mean, it's, to me, it's a no brainer, and it's fun. It's way more fun. So, yeah, that wouldn't shock me if that was, if the Las Vegas NFT conference was kind of the conference going forward.
Speaker C: It would be insane if they took nft NYC and made it in Vegas. I'm just going to put that out there.
Speaker A: That, well, that seems to be, it seems to be like a. Because I think the people that did Nft NYC are doing NFt London London. So, I mean, I don't see why they wouldn't. It sounds like they're going to be branching out in, you know, these different, these different countries. So maybe multiple us ones wouldn't be, wouldn't be that bad of an idea, for sure.
Speaker B: Yeah, definitely.
Speaker A: When are we gonna go? Which one are we going to?
Speaker B: I mean, look, I've been to, I know I've been to two NFt nycs.
Speaker A: Together, so NYC has no appeal to me.
Speaker B: All right, well, we got to get somewhere.
Speaker A: Vegas. I could be somewhere.
Speaker B: And we'll do a live show at one of them, I think.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: All right, so that was web three expo recap. We're going to get into a segment here. I don't have a good drop for this, so I'm going to reuse one of our old drops. And in the middle, or in the meantime, we can make a new drop for next week. But this segment is called news or. Nah, the news. The news. Let's get to the news. All right, so we are going around the horn. I've got five news stories from the crypto and NFT space. We're going to run through them and deliver people what's going on in the space. And you guys are going to tell me, is this newsworthy or. Nah. All right, so first one, we've got is from Coindesk and it is IR's expands key us tax language to include nfts. The newly released draft instructions for the 2022 tax year change the language from virtual currency to broader digital assets. So basically the TLDR is the IR's has changed the language from virtual currency to digital assets. And that would include NFTs as digital assets. So the quote here, digital assets are any digital representations of value that are recorded on a cryptographically secured distributed ledger or any similar technology. So chamber, is this news or not?
Speaker A: I mean, it's great for tax harvesting. This couldn't have come at a better time. Yeah, I think this is news. I don't think it's surprising news. I think, you know, doesn't shock me that, you know, they would, they would incorporate NFTs for. I'm surprised they didn't do it any sooner, to be honest.
Speaker B: Well, does this, does this mean since it wasn't on the 2021 language, we're all free?
Speaker C: No. And that's why.
Speaker A: That's how I'm reading it.
Speaker B: All right, so, so, des, you say nah, nah.
Speaker C: I mean, this, despite it being on the 22 guidance, 21 people still had to register their, their digital assets and pay taxes on it. And, you know, any, if you had your taxes done by any kind of legal or tax professional, they would have recommended the same thing. So, you know, I say it's nah, but, and also nah, because, duh, they want, they want that money. So might as well make sure it's clearly in there and defined.
Speaker B: We got a news and na, and of course, the news person is from Canada in which this does not apply.
Speaker A: Does not apply. I honestly don't even know what's happening up here. I pay taxes on, you know, I've been, I've been pretty, you know, pretty stringent on paying taxes on funds that I take out back into my bank account. Besides that, I mean, it's the Wild west over here.
Speaker C: You mean you're not registering every Single.
Speaker A: RecORd saying on anything? All I'm saying is any money that I've taken out of the ecosystem, I pay taxes on the.
Speaker B: Yeah, fair.
Speaker C: Better than most.
Speaker B: That's fair. All right, next story up, we have, ReddItors have created millions, ten millions rock fans out there of CryPtO wallets to buy NFT avatars. Have you, either of you seen this story yet?
Speaker A: I have.
Speaker C: No.
Speaker B: Oh, you have? Wait, so wait, one of you has and one of you hasn't?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Oh, interesting. So basically, the, in, in July, Reddit jumped into the NFT game and they launched a NFT based MarkEtplace that allowed users to purchase blockchain based profile pictures for a fixed rate. They have done a ton of THese. Reddit partnered with roughly 30 artists to release around 40,000 NFT avatar designs a few months ago, which could be purchased via the Reddit mobile app at prices ranging from nine dollars to ninety nine dollars. They are currently all sold out. They're on Polygon. And I've actually, I was looking at the opensea the other day, they've actually had some pretty decent activity. There's been some one Ethan higher sales. They've done like 250 Ethan secondary volume, but super interesting. And, but apparently, like millions of wallets have been created through signing up for this process. This says. Today, during a panel at TechCrunch Disrupt, Reddit chief product officer revealed that Overdose, 3 million redditors have used Reddit's Vault Blockchain Wallet to create over 3 million wallets to date. Most of those 2.5 million were created to purchase the NFT avatars that can be used as Profile pictures on the platform. News or Na? Des.
Speaker C: Nah.
Speaker B: Oh, wow.
Speaker A: Dez, Vegas out the bright lights of.
Speaker B: Vegas is a lot to impress Des today does, is going knob stories. Tell me why. It's a nod.
Speaker C: No, um, it's a, I don't know. I mean, I, um, it's funny, I, a good, close friend of mine's brother works for Reddit and has for a very long time. And I was actually talking to him about this at a party maybe two months ago. And, you know, Reddit has been actually working on this for like a long, long time, like, before even the boom. And so, you know, it's cool that they were kind of out in front of that, but at this stage, I mean, who cares?
Speaker B: So millions of Wallet creation is not, is not good, is not bullish or good or newsworthy.
Speaker C: I mean, define like. And maybe this is because I haven't seen the Article yet, but it's, I mean, it's there. Is it their own chain? Is it their own wallet and Vault system?
Speaker B: They're created on Polygon and.
Speaker A: Okay, and the Wallet, I think, is.
Speaker B: Available for sale on Opensea, right.
Speaker A: I think the Wallet is like a partnered, like, Reddit Wallet. And by the way, this is news. Uh, Des, you're incorrect on this.
Speaker C: Go for it. Go for this is turn me Reddit.
Speaker A: I think, I always think of Reddit as the, as the, you know, the Twin of Twitter, you know, I mean, if you're on Reddit, you're probably not on Twitter and vice versa. ANd I THINk EVERyboDy THAT'S On Reddit, tHOSE RedditORs, saW ALL THE FUn WE WERE HAVING WITH oUR PFPs, AND THEY'RE LIKE, wHY CAN'T WE HAVE THAT KIND OF fUn? And I think, I do think I, that many people, you know, even if it's just for an avatar, I think it's, I think it is bullish. I think it creates, you know, if it's creating volume, again, it might not affect us. You know, I'm not a Redditor per se, but I think that kind of volume just generates, or that kind of enthusiasm would generate more volume that could have a snowball effect.
Speaker C: I'm just, I'm always skeptical when I see something like this. For one, the world of botting, but just the standpoint that we kind of agree that there's like 100,000 active traders and sellers of NFTs. So you're telling me 30 x signed up for a wallet when they were like, oh, you know, I've seen this nFts wall, all that stuff for, like, the last two years, but I'm up, I'm a pass on that. And then they're like, oh, this 30 x is going to all of a.
Speaker B: Sudden be like, you know, I'm a buyer on that. Actually.
Speaker A: I, it might not be a one to one, but even if it's, even if it's 10%, I have, you know, it's still 300.
Speaker C: Mister Starbucks, tell us.
Speaker B: Well, that's why I'm privy, I'm privy to what's going on with the Starbucks Odyssey waiting List. And I'm, I'm a buyer. I'm a buyer on the fact that Reddit may have had 3 million wallets sign up. I don't think that's out of the Realm of Possibility. And I actually think I'm a buyer on this News as well. I'm saying News because even, like, outside of, you know, I don't know if these people have done this from a speculative Nature standpoint. Right? Like, it's a, it's really, to me, it's like signing up to, first of all, Reddit, I think, is actually a perfect platform for, like, a PFP. There's 30 million Reddit users. And, like, I think it's actually a cool idea to have an identifier on there that you can, you know, there's some really active Reddit folks out there. Like you said, Chamber, Reddit is Twitter for nerds. And not us.
Speaker A: Not us chads. Us Chad.
Speaker B: Also, Twitter is Twitter for nerds. Yes. So. But I. I'm a believer that there was that many wallets created. Uh, read between the lines if you wish. But point also being is like that they're signing up for something that's not speculative in nature, where we're, you're talking Des like a. There's only 100,000 people flipping jpegs. I think we're evolving a little bit into this other use case type of meta where we're going to see, you know, some normal IRL type of utility that's not tied to necessarily financial speculation. So I'm for it. I think it's newsworthy. I think it also is probably mostly true. So we've got two news and a nodool aid.
Speaker C: Do you want it?
Speaker B: Yeah, I'll drink the cool.
Speaker A: I'll drink that down.
Speaker B: Which also could be another segment. Drink the kool aid. Yes or no? Like, what's going on? Yeah.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: So this is an interesting question here from Crocs Maxi. What happens if a bunch of non Reddit users buy up the supply and power users can't afford one? I actually think, and I don't know for certain, but the way that they allowed for buying was based on your karma. So like.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: It has their own karma. So like. Yeah, so your karma score got you either allow listed or higher up in a queue to buy or something like that, which is super interesting. And I also think we've seen that karma is going on chain as well.
Speaker C: Which is also, I think, have these things released.
Speaker B: Yeah. You can actually go look at them.
Speaker C: On top of the charts of Opensea.
Speaker B: That's kind of what I'm saying is like, I think people are actually just using them profile pictures. They've only done like 248 Ethan volume. They're also polygon assets, which is not as well. The other thing is too, it did say, the news story did say that they have their own marketplace. They're there.
Speaker A: That's a good point.
Speaker B: Activity may be going on there versus open sea. Cause I think you'll see similar activity with Starbucks. I think you'll see far less activity on Opensea than you will in the Starbucks marketplace.
Speaker C: Mind you, if Starbucks isn't top ten the day it releases, I'm gonna have you consider that a personal failure.
Speaker B: Moving right along. News or nah. At least one NFT ad will air during the Super bowl. So last year we had had all this chatter about what NFT presence will be around on Super Bowl Sunday. We have a very early confirmation that we will have at least one NFT Super bowl commercial this year. And it comes from maybe one of, at least for me, one of the least likely suspects we've got. Limit Break has purchased a commercial spot starring Digi Daigaku for the Super bowl. Yeah. So it will be featured. They, I guess they purchased a $6.5 million Super bowl commercial for Digi that will feature Digi Daigaku.
Speaker C: That's pretty long.
Speaker B: Limit break here, I guess is the parent company raised 200 million funding in August, including the investment from FTX, which had an ad slot at Super bowl at the last Super bowl. Also crypto.com and Coinbase. So interesting news or not chamber.
Speaker A: I was gonna, I was gonna say what are there gonna be more or less web three? We'll call it web three. We'll call it crypto. NFt ads in this Super bowl versus last Super bowl. Or about the same. What do you guys think? Because I got you, I was gonna say like, that's two right now. But, you know, does, last year we only had two. No, I thought, we know there was so many, like five or six last year.
Speaker B: Right. It even recalls it in this article, Super bowl, whatever it was last year, dubbed the Crypto bowl.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: It's tied to NFTs with API club. There was like ten crypto etoro, crypto.com, not NFT specific.
Speaker C: Oh, I thought you meant projects.
Speaker A: Yeah, but like general Crypto.
Speaker C: Sorry, sorry, sorry.
Speaker A: General Crypto, NFts my guts saying less this year.
Speaker B: The Larry David one was the best.
Speaker A: That was the best one. I do think this is, I think it's news in the sense that it's highlighting how like the type of project that's going to be trying to advertise. I would be shocked if there was more or even the same amount of web three ads this year or this, I guess it's in February. Is that when you men all gather.
Speaker B: Together less, you're thinking, I think less.
Speaker A: This, this coming year or this coming Super bowl?
Speaker B: Are we, is it news that it's this project?
Speaker A: That's what I'm saying. Like that? I think that's what's highlighting it for me. It's like, oh, it's a digidai daigaku. I don't know what that is. It seems perverse.
Speaker B: It's an anime style project with like a 15 e floor.
Speaker A: Are you guys, are you guys anime fans in general?
Speaker B: It's the new Azuki, is it?
Speaker A: It's that new Azuki stuff.
Speaker B: It's that new hotness. I am not a holder of this project. Nor am I of any anime style projects. Just not my jam.
Speaker A: Are you an anime guy, though? Like, will you watch an anime show?
Speaker B: No, I'm not either.
Speaker A: I. It's, it's. Unfortunately, I missed it. I missed the anime. I heard. I hear good things, though, in general, I hear good things. So there's some quality anime television out there.
Speaker B: I think you're talking about Hentai.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think. Is that. Is that all anime? Is that one thing?
Speaker B: And we're canceled. Good thing that we own the network.
Speaker A: That's right. Doesn't make money.
Speaker B: That's right. Amen. So this was, this was a news for you, I'm assuming? A nah. For Des, it's a no.
Speaker C: Now, what I will say is it's surprising that it's Digi daigaku, but it's. It's not news for me. It would be news for me if it was like more of on ramp kind of advertisement, like if Moonpay signed up for if some of these, you know, other on ramps and kind of.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker C: Friendly. What, you know, normie friendly on ramps were to advertise. That'd be awesome.
Speaker A: And there's a lot of. There is some time between now and the next Super bowl, too, so. Yeah, for sure.
Speaker C: Who's the halftime performer?
Speaker B: Digi daigaku.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's an anime performance.
Speaker C: It's Riri. Okay. It's Riri.
Speaker B: What? I don't even know who it is.
Speaker C: I don't think she has any nfts, but she will, I guarantee.
Speaker B: Probably take that bet.
Speaker C: Will Rihanna own nfts by the next.
Speaker A: Leading up to it? Yeah, 100%.
Speaker B: Well, I'll bet you some degen tokens on that in the war room. Yeah, let's. Let's do it. All right, next one, we got two more news or nah stories here. Des is over three. He's saying, f, this ain't nothing going on in the space. Nothing newsworthy. At least this one was interesting and controversial. And the topic of discussion earlier this week and over the weekend, Magic Eden to scrap mandatory creator royalties for NFT marketplace. So we saw them put out this big twitter thread on October 14. So almost a week ago, after some difficult reflection and discussions with many creators, we've decided to remove the optional royalties on, or move to optional royalties on Magic Eden, effective later today. We will also begin running a promotion to wave our platform fees. So we've seen this topic arise in a couple different platforms lately. Chamber news or not.
Speaker A: I'm gonna go. So. So correct me if I'm wrong they're eliminating the mandatory. So basically, it's up to the creator. Whatever they want.
Speaker B: No, they're. They're from a buyer's side or a seller's side. Like, if I'm buying an NFT.
Speaker A: Oh, I can add. I can choose.
Speaker B: I can choose not to pay the creator the royalty.
Speaker A: I think that's news. I think that is news. That that's. I would say the vast majority of people would choose not to. Is my. Is my instinct on that. So that that is something. Does that eliminate, like, I don't know, how many projects were, you know, living high on the hog off of royalties? I'm sure some projects were. Again, these are Solana based projects. I'm not sure.
Speaker B: No. Magic Eden has eth now.
Speaker A: Oh, magician does have Eth. Are they getting a fair amount of eth volume, though? Yeah. Are they?
Speaker B: According to my. According to my daily recaps that happen in the war room, I can tell you.
Speaker A: Are those ones I have to read or the ones I have to watch?
Speaker B: You could literally, with. They're the ones you have to read.
Speaker A: However, I'm not a strong reader.
Speaker B: Magic Eden did 2.3 million in volume today. Yesterday in east. Just in general.
Speaker A: In general. Okay, that's pretty good. So, I mean, yeah, that. Yeah, that's news. That's news. Will it, you know, will it set other sites in motion to do the same? I don't know, like a. X two, y two, or x two, y two?
Speaker B: You're just all over the news today. X two, y two has already done this.
Speaker A: Look at this, look at this.
Speaker B: X two, y two has already done it. They did.
Speaker A: They do it prior to or. Okay, they were first to do it.
Speaker B: They were the first to do this. And Tyler Hobbes qql project was the first to actually blacklist a marketplace. So he wrote into the smart contract, basically, that his NFTs could not be sold on the platform because they do not honor royalties. So it's a. This whole royalty, um, debate is, I think, pretty important. Um, des, I'd love to get your take on both. One, is this news? But two, overall, your thoughts on creator royalties? Being a project owner yourself for the.
Speaker C: Fourth time in a row? I'm gonna go. This is not news.
Speaker B: Wow. But again, news stories next week.
Speaker C: X two.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: X two, y two already has done this. It's been talked about for the better half of a month on spaces, and it's just kind of a beaten dead horse. I mean, honestly, the way I feel about it is majority of projects don't survive off of royalties. And I think the ones that, like, do 12% and 10% are bullshit. But, you know, I don't think a project can survive just on royalties, so they need to look at different revenue options and channels. I do think for the artists, this is kind of a punch in the face. What I would love to see is kind of a, a meeting in the middle. I think if your collection is less than, let's say 1000 pieces, maybe 500 pieces, then a royalty should be required. And so this protects small, limited artists and I guess takes away royalties from larger generation PFP collections. So that's what I'd want to see.
Speaker B: Yeah, I have a pretty strong take on this, that it's a pretty bullshit move by the exchanges to do this.
Speaker A: What would, what's motivating them to do?
Speaker B: Well, I can, I'll tell you what I think. Right. So nobody was screaming about royalties and creator royalties in the bull market when everything was number go up. Now you have this bear market that all that basically remains is traders. And these exchanges basically have to fight for market share from people actually still around. And who's still around is traders, people that are looking to flip jpegs. And those people need to do so as profitably as they can, which means the lowest fee wins. Right. So now I think you're seeing the, some of these platforms fighting for market share this way behind the guise of, oh, it's a philosophical thing that we're doing, really. They're trying to buy market Share, in my opinion. However, I think this is a bad signal for the space as a whole. I think this idea of programmable royalty is something that we've kind of all agreed was a feature of this space. Right. And so I think it's a bad move. I also think that it's a short sighted move by these exchanges to cater to and try to buy market share. Right. But I think, like, I think where you'll see this going in the next 510 years is much less of the market action is going to be from trader type behavior. I think you're going to see more projects like Reddit or Starbucks or DrafTkings or ThiNgs like that, where it's less about flipping for profit, more about the actual utility that you're getting out of it and part of those royalties, you know, fund the project. Now, I agree with you, Des, that projects need multiple revenue streams, but this should be one of them, and they should, they should not be forced, their hand should not be forced to do something different because the exchange wants them to. And now that opens up a whole different can of worms, because at the contract level, royalties aren't enforceable. So that leaves it up to the hands of the marketplace, and so you're kind of at their mercy. So it's a very interesting dilemma, because if you do code it into a smart contract, then you have the. Then it's not necessarily just a free trade either, because, say, I just want to gift you a degenesis pass chamber. In theory, I would have to, if it's contracted into, or if it's written into the contract, I'd have to pay royalty on that. And that doesn't seem right either. So there's got to be some.
Speaker A: Is that how they're blacklisting is. They're having to force.
Speaker B: There's a. I don't know the exact details. Zero, x, quit, put out. I think that's who it was. Put out a thread a while back when x two, y two did this, on how you can actually write into the code of the smart contract where like that a exchange could not sell your item or could not interact with your contract. I think. I think that's how you do it. But I'm not sure. Tyler Hobbs just did it with QQL, so I'm sure we could find something in there, but that's my take. So, while magic Eden doing it may not be fresh news, I think the topic is newsworthy. Yeah, so that's that story. We've got one more, and then we will move on to our next segments. So our last one here, we can't. We've kind of touched on the. We mentioned them earlier, but the project Azuki launches physical backed tokens, though the company said that the open source token standard that they wrote intends to tie a physical item to a digital token on the Ethereum blockchain. So they were quoted here in a tweet introducing the physical back token PBT, an open source token standard. Tying a physical item to digital token on Ethereum blockchain. Scanning the chip with your phone allows for the PBT to be minted or digitally transferred to the owner's wallet. This allows the current owner of a physical item to also own the PBT, which verifiably authenticates the item and ties the item to a digital token in the wallet of their choosing. Kind of confusing just to read that, des, starting with you. You going over five here news, or.
Speaker C: I'm going with this.
Speaker B: Okay, you're going now? Why not?
Speaker C: Again, this is a recycled concept with maybe a bigger name taking hold of it. And that's been a trend amongst all these headlines, which may be a, you know, a scarier sentiment than. Than anything is just like, I think that's fair. This is just. This has been done, man. This is one of our good friends. James Costa does this like. And like it. This has already been done. This is a concept that's, you know, worked for better part of a year. So, yes, Azuki picks it up. Bigger name. People really desire, you know, Azuki clothing and wearables and stuff. And so that is a big deal. But at the same time, it. There's nothing revolutionary about this or innovative about this. This is.
Speaker B: So are they just NFC chips? Is that. Is that what it is? It's totally. Yeah. So, translation. Azuki uses readily available NFC chip technology and links with clothing.
Speaker C: Who's selling physical clothing to other people that want the entities? I don't know.
Speaker B: Clothing is one example, but I think, like, you know, I think it's interesting from a standpoint of, like, I always thought that, like, graded sports cards would be an interesting use case of this, where you could have a physical and digital. Right, where you'd have a graded version tied with an NFC chip to a digital version, you know, there. I think that's an interesting because. Especially because, um, you know, there's a lot of fraud in the sports card industry. Um, I think that's interesting. Um, but I agree with you on, in the sense that, uh, it's a recycled concept and it already exists. Uh, chamber news or. Nah, I'm gonna go. Nah, I'm gonna be like, I'm going na, too. Wow.
Speaker A: I'm with as on this one. Uh, it's kind of meh. There's nothing that's very exciting about it overall. Like Des said, you know, it's. It's. This is nothing revolutionary.
Speaker B: The concept of manual and physical tied together.
Speaker A: I agree.
Speaker B: That is very cool. But they're not.
Speaker A: They're not. And this is not the coolest version of that, correct. I, you know.
Speaker B: Yep. I agree. That was news or nah. And I enjoyed that segment. JP kaz did not. He says, what is this wrecked?
Speaker A: I think he. I think he did enjoy it because I think he thinks it's wrecked.
Speaker B: He's clearly referring to our wonderful five star review that we got on wrecked podcast of two virgins reading the news in their mother's basement. So. Yes.
Speaker A: Can you pull up wags?
Speaker C: No. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it.
Speaker A: Because this is. This has been killing me all day. I didn't sleep well last night.
Speaker B: Were they bad? I saw they lost, but, I mean, they were bad.
Speaker A: I knew. Like, I woke up yesterday morning. Morning knowing they were bad.
Speaker C: How much can we know when they.
Speaker A: Were, it was going to be bad.
Speaker C: Anything for Russ at this point.
Speaker B: Chamber, I forgot. Your Lakers fan, too, does.
Speaker A: Listen, we're going to have to bite the bullet and, and ship away two first round picks. Do you know they, they gave a contract extension to Rob Polenka, the general manager, to 2026. Like, he's terrible. And they gave him a, I'm just at a loss. I'm so disheartened. I don't know what to think anymore. It is the Lakers going to suck. And the worst part is, you know, the worst part of, there's this. I don't know. I guess. Have you guys seen this? Victor Nebanyawa out of France, the seven foot five phenom that is crazy to watch. So there's a couple of great picks this year in the draft, and as bad as the Lakers are going to be, you know, they could theoretically, hey, maybe we get the number one pick. No, because they made, because they made the trade for Anthony Davis. They have a pic swap this year with the New Orleans Pelicans so they could get the number one overall pick. And the New Orleans pelican be like, yeah, we're going to swap that. Here's, here's number 17. You get number, we get number one. You get number 17 this year. So even as bad as we're going to be, we won't even get a great draft pick. That's enough. I can't talk about anymore. Thanks, legs.
Speaker B: Thanks, wags, for, for throwing us off the trail here. But we're going into our new segment.
Speaker A: New segment.
Speaker B: It's called this or that. All right, so this segment, first of all, fantastic intro to this. Well, very, very well done. This segment, I'm going to pose a question to you and you're going to have to tell me. It's two items. You can own one of them. Would you want to own this or would you want to own that?
Speaker C: I love a fired up bunch. You, it makes me excited about the show.
Speaker A: It's the best bunch of, you know.
Speaker B: You give me one, you give me one week off and I'm ready.
Speaker C: Listen, if we can get this bunch, you, I'm down to go twice a month. I probably go twice a month anyways on this, but.
Speaker B: All right, so there was a very interesting news story the other day that you may or may not have seen this home was sold on the blockchain the other day for 49 Cottage Lake Way, Columbia, South Carolina.
Speaker D: Let's 149 Cottage lake Way is in 29 209.
Speaker C: I am so effing bullish on this.
Speaker D: Concept rec, which is a main vein highway in South Carolina. This is news North Carolina down to Atlanta, Georgia. It's right next to the main shopping center for Columbia proper, where Target, Home Depot, Lowe's and other retailers like Cisco and Planet Fitness are located. As you view the property from the street, it is a quintessential portfolio builder with full updates. As soon as you walk in, you notice the clean LVP flooring and paint along the walls and ceilings. Everything has been touched up and there are new blinds and a new ceiling fan. As you move into the kitchen, you see a full suite of stainless steel appliances and brains granite countertops. As you peek out into the backyard, you notice there are no development plots behind it. This is a huge plus since it gives privacy and quiet to anyone residing in the home. You can see the living room is very spacious with more than enough room for a couch, table and tv. Moving upstairs, you see brand new carpet throughout. It holds up well and it's not expensive to replace when the time comes.
Speaker B: All right, I won't watch the whole video, but you get the gist. So you've got this house was sold on the blockchain for 175,000 USDC five days ago. You can actually view this transaction on Opensea. You can view the traits of the house on Opensea. I love two and a half bathrooms or two and a half bathrooms, three bedrooms. Columbia 1490 5 lot size, the market, state house, blah, blah, blah. All that company. This was done by a company called Roofstone. Stock on chain. Roof stock on chain simplifies how single family residential properties are bought, owned and sold. We operate a marketplace that allows purchase and sale of single family properties using blockchain. When you buy a home on chain, you instantly receive a token in your crypto wallet that represents the sole ownership of an LLC that has title to an underlying property. So that's how it works. What you're actually buying here is the token that represents the LLC that owns the property. So this token is associated with a home on chain that is newly renovated, three bedroom, blah, blah, blah. We just heard. So this was bought again for $175,000. So what a deal.
Speaker A: What a deal.
Speaker B: No kidding, right? Columbia, South Carolina is not like a bad place either. Like, that's a nice little market there. Um, best offer. .13.
Speaker C: You imagine if I think that's like, they got fooled, and they did a 200,000 die.
Speaker B: It's amazing. Kwaji currently has the highest active bid.
Speaker A: I'm gonna put in a die.
Speaker B: Yes, the we thought exactly. Punter, he's dying at the wheat offers. So would you rather have this, or would you rather have. Hold on. That. This is cryptopunk 27 49, one of 6039 male punks. This punk has two attributes, and it is one of 3560 with that many attributes. It's got big shades, it's got a headband, and it is currently on sale for $166,532, or the equivalent of 128.78. Now, I did the mathematic. The house went for roughly, in Eth terms, about 133 Eth. So you could buy that house for 133 eth, or you can buy this crypto punk for roughly the same 128.7 eth. Let's. Let's give this a. Let's give this a ten year time horizon. Would you rather have this the house, or that the punk? Let's start with chamber the house all day long.
Speaker A: First of all, in the great world, you know, post apocalyptic World War three era property is going to be key. I do think property. That being said, I'm joking about the post World War three stuff, but property, in my opinion, is significantly more valuable than almost anything else in any market currently. So if you can hodl property, so to speak, I think that's the, you know, the best. The best option. I mean, at the end of the day, this is a picture of a man with sunglasses on the Internet.
Speaker B: This is art.
Speaker A: I mean, it is, you know, it is. And I would still rather a piece of property over, like, the Mona Lisa also. You know what I mean? Like, yeah, it's fair.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Des, first of all, wag's comment here, houses make horrible pfps. No utility. Very great.
Speaker A: That's true. Good point.
Speaker B: Now, Des, would you rather have the house or the punk?
Speaker C: It was actually a really tough call until you said ten year horizon.
Speaker B: Oh, interesting.
Speaker C: If it's. I can't hold. If I can't sell this for another ten years, then it's 100% the house. It's not even close.
Speaker B: Okay, so what's the time horizon in which you would rather have the punk?
Speaker C: Two to three years.
Speaker B: Okay, so two to three years, you're taking the punk. Hundred ten years, you're taking the house.
Speaker C: Yep.
Speaker B: Hmm, interesting. So I think I would rather have the punk. I don't know.
Speaker A: How many punks are there? Are there 10,000 punks?
Speaker B: There are 10,000 punks. However, there are, there are more than 10,000 houses now. Now the only reason I'm saying I would rather have the punk is that I think that the opportunity for a ten x exists with the punk. I don't think that ten x in that same time horizon exists.
Speaker A: How close is the house to water, by the way?
Speaker B: It said it was, right? Columbia, the city center.
Speaker A: Okay. All right. I just don't get washed into the ocean like this is. I've seen a lot. I've seen too many Florida properties get.
Speaker B: So we've got, we've got two on the house, one on the punk. But if we changed it to a two to three year time horizon, we've got two on the punk and one on the house.
Speaker A: A two to three time horizon, I could be convinced the punk is, is a safe bet.
Speaker B: And now, des, is that because you think in two, three years the punk would go up more than the value of the house would?
Speaker C: Listen, I'm just quoting punter here, but on coffee with the captain, he said the housing market's absolutely going in a disaster zone trash bin. So, you know, I'm going with the punk.
Speaker B: Okay. There you go. So there, there we have it. That was this or that?
Speaker A: Are you guys ready to buy that next house after the market tanks?
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, dude. I could totally see that. I could totally see this, by the way, as like, you could be a professional house flipper on the blockchain. I feel like, you know, I don't know what the process is like, but.
Speaker A: I wonder, yeah, I wonder if you're like, say, for me, for example, could I buy this NFT living in Canada and own, like, only I think you.
Speaker B: Have to go LLC sort of application process, just like you. But yes, you in theory would be.
Speaker A: Able to, because I have family members that during the last market crash, the housing market crash bought up a lot of property in the United States from Canada.
Speaker C: Crazy. Or does that seem so cheap?
Speaker B: That's 175,000. Totally. It totally does. Really cheap. But that's interesting. It's part of the punter housing analysis. So we had another segment we were going to do defend that tweet, but we are running low on time and I have to stop pretty soon here. So we're going to get to our last segment here, which is our Halloween candy draft. So we are, yeah, we are drafting today Halloween candies, which is obviously a festive time of year. Let's. What's the, what's the draft order here?
Speaker A: Who won? Des, one last time?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Des goes second.
Speaker B: Okay, so you lost. You can go first, I guess.
Speaker A: Perfect.
Speaker C: That makes sense.
Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. All right, I'm gonna go. Enough fooling around, because I'm definitely gonna mess this up because some of my favorite Halloween candies are canadian Halloween candies, and it's just.
Speaker C: Don't make them.
Speaker A: It's gonna happen. It's gonna happen. But I will.
Speaker B: This isn't about you.
Speaker A: No, I know. This is about Halloween candy, isn't it? I'm going with Reese. Peanut butter cup off the hob.
Speaker B: If you didn't. If you didn't.
Speaker C: Yeah. 100%. That's one. A hundred percent. You might actually win this whole thing just because.
Speaker A: And I'm going to canadian ones after this, too, so.
Speaker B: Just because. Now you have that in your holster. Uh, Norm says his first pick would have been glazed chicken.
Speaker C: If I want to ask a very technical question to the judges.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker C: Am I allowed to go Reese's pieces?
Speaker A: Yeah, the pieces are different.
Speaker B: Hold on, hold on. Let me. Yes, you are. I think.
Speaker A: Yeah, I agree.
Speaker B: I am looking. I am looking at a definitive. I'm looking at a list by thrillist that has Halloween candies ranked nice. And Reese's pieces and Reese's peanut butter cups are listed separately on official judgment.
Speaker C: Perfect. Well, I will take Reese's pieces with this second overall pick.
Speaker B: Okay. Interesting man. That makes this very difficult, because now I gotta come over with something over the top that's going to. With two that are going to rival this. I'm gonna go, um. I'm gonna go twix for number one of mine.
Speaker C: Already lost. You've already lost.
Speaker A: That's a tasty treat. Are you saying bunch already lost?
Speaker C: I love Twix.
Speaker A: Oh, twix is.
Speaker C: There are so many people that hate it.
Speaker A: Is that true?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: I didn't know they were a device of candy.
Speaker C: It's a polarizing candy. You might win it from the good side, but it is a polarizing candy. Candy.
Speaker B: Okay. It's interesting. I didn't know that. I feel like it's a pretty hot one, but we'll see. I'm going.
Speaker A: So not our first rodeo.
Speaker B: I have a really tough decision to make here. I'm not going to tell you what the two options are.
Speaker A: I feel like there's only one option here.
Speaker C: Go three musketeers and just bury yourself.
Speaker B: I'm going with. I'm going with Snickers.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's the right answer. I don't know.
Speaker C: That's a good one.
Speaker B: Okay, so I've got. I've got Twix and snicks. And snicks.
Speaker C: That's a good twix and snicks eth available. Yeah, I registered a good amount of in and out addresses this week, so.
Speaker B: Nice.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: All right, you're up.
Speaker C: I'm gonna go with sour patch kids.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Terrible choice.
Speaker C: All right, mister Canadian, listen here.
Speaker A: Yeah, let me. Let me tell you about the connect.
Speaker B: You're coming. I know what you're gonna pick. It's not even cool. I definitely know what you're gonna pick.
Speaker C: Horton's make a bar.
Speaker B: You're picking coffee crisp.
Speaker A: Coffee crisp. 100% is coming.
Speaker B: I see, I told you. Is that. Was that actually your choice?
Speaker A: Absolutely, it was my choice. Now, I talk about this one a lot. I'm not going to like.
Speaker B: We've done this before.
Speaker A: Coffee crisp, off the top rope. I am going to go. Do you guys have Mars bars? Yeah, you do have. See, I thought. I thought Mars. What's the consistency of a Mars bar in the United States?
Speaker C: Yeah, it's consistently popular with people that were born in the seventies.
Speaker A: Is it? See, I thought Milky Way was the same as Mars. Is Milky Way Mars bar the same thing? No, see, because I think Milky Way is more of a Mars bar here in Canada. But I'm going to go with Milky Way just for the Americans. But I know what I want to have.
Speaker C: Milky Way and Reese's peanut butter cups on the same team is like Russell Westbrook in LeBron.
Speaker B: Yeah, but then he's got. But then he's got.
Speaker A: Then I got coffee, Chris.
Speaker B: Nobody knows. And it's like the Alex Caruso.
Speaker C: I wish there were more coffee.
Speaker A: It is the Alex Caruso.
Speaker B: It's delicious.
Speaker A: I gotta send as a box of canadian Halloween candy.
Speaker B: Yes, you have to. It's like.
Speaker A: It's a delight.
Speaker B: For the past two years, have you.
Speaker C: Guys seen the website where you, like, can pick international candy?
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. I have a. I have a store two blocks from my house that does that. They're just always loaded up with international candy.
Speaker B: Zero town record says chambers should have gone with bag of milk.
Speaker A: Well, that's how you wash it all down. That's how you watch all that big old bag of milk.
Speaker B: Mars bars. Different. More caramel, less fluffy. Nougat. Says unicorn. All right, Des, what's your last one?
Speaker C: Yeah, I'm going to have to work in some traditional chocolate with a little bit of wafer. I think you know where I'm going with this. I'm going to go kit, Katiefe, fudge.
Speaker B: I was going with that I was hoping it would drop to me. Dang, I took. So let me ask you this. If I didn't take snickers and went with Kit Kat first, you would have had snickers, right?
Speaker A: Snickers probably would have. Snickers is a premium there, for sure. That's like a top three pick.
Speaker C: If I had to go something else other than Kit Kat, I might have gone crazy with butterfinger, but I know that's also polarizing.
Speaker B: Yeah. So I'm at a dilemma here, because I was going to go with me.
Speaker C: There's an obvious one. It's almost the one I would trade.
Speaker B: Oh, wow. I don't know what the obvious one is here. So I. I was gonna go with Snicker. With Kit Kat. I was hoping.
Speaker A: I know what it is. I know what the obvious one is, and I'm upset that I didn't pick it. Now it's a. It's a multi piece candy.
Speaker C: Oh, it's not that ease.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's in my mind, it is.
Speaker C: Let's bunch. You pick. What do you got?
Speaker B: Well, I don't know. There's a couple options here. It's. So now I'm struggling to decide if I want to go three straight chocolate options and sacrifice maybe some. Some power ranking for a little diversity or if I want to just try to go for the. The power ranking. Um, but I'm going to go. I think I'm going to diversify a little here. It's probably a bad move because I think most people like chocolate, and I could just get a strong chocolate showing, but I'm going with. And even here, I have two choices to make. I'm either going Starburst or, uh, skittles. And I think I'm gonna go Starburst.
Speaker C: Marshawn is pissed.
Speaker A: See, I thought peanut m and m was the one to go with.
Speaker C: Tootsie roll was the obvious.
Speaker B: Oh, tootsie roll. Okay, so wait a sec. So I have. I have snicks, twix, and arbors.
Speaker A: Oh, sorry.
Speaker B: Starburst. What do you got, Des?
Speaker C: I got Reese's pieces, sour patch kids, and Kit Kat.
Speaker B: Okay, hold on. So I want to tell you, according to this thrillist list you've got, Kit Kat ranks as the number four overall. What was your others?
Speaker A: Sour patch kids.
Speaker B: Reese's pieces comes in at number nine overall on this list. And sour patch kids comes in way higher than I would have thought at 28 out of overall on this. So that's interesting. Mine came in at Snicks and Twix. Are two and three on this power ranking list. And then the Starburst come in at eleven.
Speaker A: Nice.
Speaker B: And then I.
Speaker A: Where does coffee crisp?
Speaker B: Coffee crisp. Obviously not on this. Uh, coffee crisp. Obviously not on this, but Reese's peanut butter cups comes in at one. What was your third?
Speaker A: Milky Way.
Speaker B: Milky Way comes in at 23. Ooh. So according to this thrillist power rankings, I have the highest power ranking, but let's see it up to the people.
Speaker A: Let's see if the coffee crisp fanatics come through for.
Speaker B: We'll leave it up to the people. All right, I think that's going to do it. Oh, how about this?
Speaker C: Gross.
Speaker B: Ass to rolls just in at 05:04. Happy gold nest day. To celebrate the occasion, we've teamed up with infinite objects and community favorite mark mograph to bring you an animated infinite object of your very own moonbird. That's pretty dope.
Speaker C: That's the best one by far. That's. That is leaps and bounds above.
Speaker B: So that is. That came in at four or 504. So just a couple minutes ago from, I believe, the official account here. Yes. So excellent.
Speaker C: That's cool.
Speaker B: Pretty cool. Thanks for. Thanks to phonics for dropping that in the war room, but that is going to do it for us. Don't forget to go and vote for the poll. I'm curious to see who wins this. Does chamber do coffee crisp? Do the anonymity of coffee crisp carry get carried by Reese's?
Speaker C: I'll give you the line right now. It's chamber plus 155, des plus 105 and bunch of minus.
Speaker B: Wow. You think I've got the strongest team, 135. Wow. Chamber. And, you know, also the fact that chamber has never won one, also it never helps. Yeah. Puts his handicap down. The fact that you have Reese's pieces or Reese's peanut butter cups and still may not win. This is.
Speaker A: It's a testament to my drafting ability.
Speaker B: That'S going to do it for us. Fun show, folks. That was great. Uh, I'll. I'll try to bring the same amount of energy next week with the segments.
Speaker A: I think we have a guest next week, so you don't have to bring that much energy. I think we have ledger. The ledger. Uh, wallets, hardware wallets. Uh, the guys from ledger coming in next week.
Speaker B: Pretty cool. All right, so we've got ledger, hardware, wallet next week. That's going to do it for us. Until next time, stay mint.
