Speaker A: Well, let's see if bunch actually shows up today, we're gonna. There's a chance that he could, um. I don't know if Des is showing up today. Again, nothing in our discord chat from Des. I feel like Wednesday's his day. Like, he's.
Speaker B: He's never.
Speaker A: He's never really committed to a third or to a second and third show per week, which is a big ask, you know, I mean, it's like tripling your workload. Um, so I don't know, I feel like let's just. If he's not here Wednesdays, then we gonna make fun of him. But I feel like if he's not here Monday or Friday, you know, we gotta go easy.
Speaker B: I mean, you guys did this for a whole year before, right? On Wednesdays only when it was two.
Speaker A: Years, basically, more or less.
Speaker B: Okay, let's triple it. So now it's like twelve years worth of time with chamber and gunshot.
Speaker A: Maybe not two years. It was definitely a year and a half, because I think we probably started. When did we start? Maybe March of 2021. So almost two years.
Speaker B: Still a long time.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Good for you. No wonder you guys have an audience.
Speaker A: Well, we have a podcast audience. You know, bunch and I. I don't know how many years we did rect for. That was at least 2018 to 20, mid 2021. So that was, you know, we try to. We try to bring a lot of people over from that. And then. And then spaces is like a whole. It's a whole new, you know, terrain. You have to, you know, you have to dominate a lot of.
Speaker B: I wanted to ask, how are you feeling in it? Cause, I mean, I don't think I've ever heard somebody laugh more on spaces than you.
Speaker C: I laugh.
Speaker A: I mean, I laugh. I'm an easy laugh. Like comedians, when I go see, like, comics, they point to me, like, yeah, we like having you around. It makes them feel good. I really like doing the spaces. I like it just for the fact that you get more characters. I'm all about characters in my story building. I like having more and more people that come up that the listeners, people that are listening to podcasts or whatnot, can listen to the show, and they get introduced to new people. You know, guys like Steve, you know, guys like Joe, guys like Bundy. So it's. It's fun. You know, it's a fun way to introduce new people to listeners that have been listening for, like, almost two years now. And it creates, like, a whole new dynamic to the show, which is a lot more fun. I think. I think it's way more fun. I know Bunch likes it, and then having guys like, you know, like yourself, Mac and V squared, helping out like that makes life a heck of a lot easier, especially for Bunch, because, you know, I can just sit here and laugh at his stuff, and he sets me up for a lot of stuff. But having to captain a show can be pretty difficult. So having your support helps out tremendously, and I think is the only way we can do this. Three shows a week.
Speaker B: Oh, man. Bunch.
Speaker A: Who's here?
Speaker B: So I'm just going to shut up now.
Speaker C: Are you guys done yet?
Speaker A: Sorry. No, no, I didn't know you were here.
Speaker B: We were talking about you were managing a cracker barrel until. God, your manager must not let you out.
Speaker C: Actually, no. Yeah, I worked overtime at the cracker barrel. The best thing about working at cracker barrel is breakfast any time of day. And I actually get to steal a whole bunch of those, like, you know, personalized maple syrup glass bottles. So they do really well. When I bring them home for my kids, they drink them like, shots, and then they run around the house until they run.
Speaker A: I've never been to a cracker barrel. Are they pretty good?
Speaker C: Oh, no. If you've never been to a cracker barrel. Yeah. Get out of here. Cracker barrel is an american iconic establishment.
Speaker A: Yeah. Like, I think of cracker barrel. I think of. What's the waffle. Waffle house.
Speaker C: Waffle house. Okay. Well, if you've never been to a cracker barrel, let me paint you a picture of what a crackle barrel is like. A cracker barrel is like walking in to a really fancy garage sale and then also eating pancakes or chicken fried steak. Like, that's what a cracker barrel is. They. Anybody who. Anybody who's been to a cracker barrel probably understands what I'm talking about. But, like, if you've ever been there, it's like you walk into a garage sale because the, like, entryway is all these tchotchkes and things that they have for sale, and I, you know, for you to wait around while you wait for your table. And then, you know, you go in there and there's. It's like an array of country diner food. Yeah, I think you'd like.
Speaker A: I know I probably would. Americans do food pretty well, if I'm being honest.
Speaker C: You go to an american BMI.
Speaker A: It's funny, though, because I was thinking the other day, I was mentioning a rest. Like, we have staple restaurants here in Canada, and I'll say them, I'm like, oh, yeah, I guess I just assumed they were american companies. But places like. Not that I'm not a big fan of this one, but Boston pizza, we have places like Eastside Marios, which are. They're shitty. I don't know. Like wild wings. Like buffalo wild wings. Level wild wings. We do have buffalo wild wings, but that level of shitty restaurant, they're in every town. But if you want the worst kind of dining experience, like, you go to these places, but, like, you guys don't have, like, the keg, right?
Speaker C: The keg. No, but it sounds great.
Speaker A: Yeah, the keg you would love. The keg is like a. It's. It's that tier, but it's, like, the best of that tier. So it's like if you're in a. If. If you want to go out for, like, a fancy ish dinner but don't want to go. But, you know, you don't want to necessarily go to the fanciest restaurant in the town. You go to a keg, you'll get a good steak, prime rib. But it's. Yeah, it's a. Like, a keg meal is a staple canadian meal here or, like, restaurant here in Canada.
Speaker C: Yeah. I think I'm actually surprised we have so many different types of chain restaurants than you guys. I would think it's. I would.
Speaker A: Like, I feel like we have none of, like, besides your fast food. Like, I feel like restaurant style. Like, we have zero. Like, maybe. I think we just started getting, like, cheesecake factory if, like, if we're like, that's the tier we're talking about. Like, we have.
Speaker C: We're about to sit here and break down Amazon's interest in web three. Entry into web three as, like, the breaking news. And then in chambers world, it's like, breaking news. We just got a cheesecake factory.
Speaker A: I heard the menus are crazy.
Speaker C: Yeah. Cheesecake factory coming to Canada is the news that we're really here for. Yeah. It would take you an entire lifetime to have every item on a cheesecake factory menu. I think there. It's literally like a dictionary of food items. But I think we got a couple of requests here as we were talking about cracker barrel. I don't know if Bundy Bundy got some cracker barrel takes.
Speaker D: No, I just wanted to. Before we get into some real talk with the Amazon and web three stuff, because I do want to talk about that. Am I the only one that's concern that the name of one of the best places in Canada is called the keg?
Speaker C: The keg, or east side marios?
Speaker A: No, that's like, that east side is, like, the worst. The keg is the best of the worst, so you know, it's not the best, but it's the best of the worst.
Speaker C: Now, what kind of place is this? Is it a applebee's? Is it like, a buff.
Speaker A: Yeah. Like a better. A better Applebee's.
Speaker C: A better Applebee's, yeah. Because I would say.
Speaker D: So chili's up there.
Speaker C: Absolutely, dude. Bundy. That's so right. Applebee's is the lowest level, and then, like, one rung higher, I think is chili.
Speaker A: I would. I've been to a chili's. I would say better than chili's still.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: Like, it's pretty good. Like, good steak. Like a good steak. Like Ponderosa.
Speaker C: Oh, we talking about. We talking about, like, Texas roadhouse, then?
Speaker A: Yeah, but, like, a little fancier. Like, give it. Like it thinks it's better.
Speaker C: So there's no peanuts on the floor.
Speaker A: No peanuts on the floor.
Speaker C: Okay, well, do you have to wear a collar?
Speaker A: No, you can wear a baseball cap to the table and nobody's really looking at you that well.
Speaker C: Welcome to the mint condition. And 20 questions about the keg, where we're going to define what the keg is, who it's for, and how it made its way into Canada. Culture, GM.
Speaker E: Before we continue on to Amazon and serious matters, Eastside Mario is. The people who eat there. I think they're trapped. I don't understand why you would do that.
Speaker A: I agree. It's terrible. It's the worst place in the world.
Speaker C: I like the thought that they can't get out of east side Mario's and that they've tried so hard for so long that they've just capitulated into staying there and eating every meal for eternity. At east side, if you don't eat.
Speaker A: Anything else, you never know. It's that bad.
Speaker C: I guess that's. That's true. So I don't want to keep going with this, but I have to. I have so many questions. Uh, Eastside Mario's. Better pizza than pizza hut.
Speaker A: No, everything there is terrible.
Speaker C: Wait. I guess I just. I also assumed its gender, that it was a pizza place.
Speaker A: It's more of, like, an italian. Like. Like a shittier. What's the place?
Speaker C: So it's like an olive garden.
Speaker A: Shittier olive garden.
Speaker C: Shittier olive Garden. So it's like the Applebee's. If Applebee's and olive Garden had, like, an open edition burn mechanic, they would.
Speaker A: Bingo.
Speaker C: Yeah. Okay.
Speaker E: Imagine like, an olive garden but with really high gas fees.
Speaker C: Okay. The picture is very well painted, and we are ten minutes in and we are already off the rails. We don't, we don't have Des today, though, so Des can't yell at me for taking this conversation in places that it shouldn't go. But for everybody else, welcome to the mint condition. I'm bunchu alongside my esteemed colleague and co host, chamber. Chamber. How you doing, buddy? I think we. I mean, a lot of that in, by all accounts. Oh, no, you should leave all in. Sure that we set the room. By all accounts, people are saying, like, lots of people, I heard it on the local news everywhere, that Friday's episode of the main condition was. Was one of the best ever.
Speaker A: It was definitely. It reminded me of the back in the day, like, when shit coin talk used to do their hour.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: That's what kind of reminded me of, like, a 1 hour version of that.
Speaker C: I'm still shocked we kept it to 1 hour with. Not with one. With nine people drafting three people per team. That was pretty impressive. I do think we may, if Joe has any free time to come up to the stage. I know he was doing an in depth power rankings for whose teams were actually best. So, Joe, if you have any thoughts, please feel free to come up and give us your thoughts. I think it's pretty clear by Joe's power rankings that chambers team was ranked dead last, and I don't.
Speaker A: Dead last?
Speaker C: Yeah, I don't think any. I don't think that's a surprise to most people, but I think surprising.
Speaker A: You guys are underestimating who's the leader of this team.
Speaker C: What do you mean? Me?
Speaker A: I grew up hunting and fishing in rural northern Canada.
Speaker C: Yeah, but like, you. Yeah. Okay, so you've got, you've got yourself. That's all you need. Someone who almost died in an icy river.
Speaker A: You've got all that telling me he's resilient. Okay, so a resilient person that can.
Speaker C: Ice fish, you've got who said he was fishing?
Speaker A: He was adding some color to the story.
Speaker C: You've got CT, who, it's just not her journey. And neither is the zombie apocalypse. And then worldly, who I'm not totally familiar with. I'll give you the benefit of the doubt on that one.
Speaker A: Also canadian. So I'm taking, like, if you have two Canadians on team, I mean, they're just, we're just naturally able to survive.
Speaker C: Yeah. You can overtake any side. Mario's hunker down and just be ready for whatever.
Speaker A: Exactly.
Speaker C: Yeah. Somewhere out there crocs Maxis crying at more zombie apocalypse talk, but we digress chamber. What else is going on? Like, I don't even know. We have no plan today. I think all of a sudden, I'm.
Speaker A: In a community, an NFT community. I didn't even. I spent copious amounts of dollars to. To join a community. I have no idea what's happening.
Speaker C: So is this on accident that you're a community person now? Because it's a.
Speaker A: So, okay, about a week ago, I was. I was in the war room.
Speaker C: Oh, God, you're a texture punk community, Maxie. Now.
Speaker A: Well, not. No, no, no. So, yes, I. That was last week.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker C: Sorry.
Speaker A: I was. I was. I was given two projects by Shane text texture punks and sees the. Sees the meeps.
Speaker C: Oh, the meads. The meeps.
Speaker A: Yeah, sees the mes.
Speaker C: Okay. Got it.
Speaker A: And so I picked up a couple of each. I went hard on texture punks for whatever reason. I'm gonna be honest with you, that one hasn't worked out so. So well. So I. But that being said, I just saw a lot of action in NFTs lately, and I wanted to be a part of it. I feel, like, on the sideline, man, I feel that I'm not gonna make any money. So I started going heavy into the seize the meads over the weekend.
Speaker C: So for anybody who's not familiar, explain, like, what's going on over there. Do you know? I mean, you're not.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm a max. I didn't even know I got there. So it. To me, it's similar to the punk. Like, what's happening with the memes from punk 6248? I don't know.
Speaker C: Six two nine. I can't. I can't believe that. Like, yeah, it's. I can't imagine why you would. Why it would be closely related there. I mean, it's a parody of. But yeah, keep going.
Speaker A: So that one's doing extremely well, the memes one. And I'm like, well, this one seems to be doing all right. So I picked up literally every single piece in the collection and then loaded up on some of the ones. So over the weekend, there was one that you could burn to get another one. That was the only way you could get the fourth one. So I bought a bunch of those. Price went up there, converted all but one of them into the new one. So I burnt a whole bunch of them to get a bunch of the new ones. The price of that one held up pretty well. The most expensive one. So I bought the first one which is the freedom to transact Nakamibto. I bought that one for about.
Speaker C: So weird. It sounds kind of like Nakamoto. I wonder what the story is.
Speaker A: I have no idea. But that went for about three eth, and that one has gone up. So everything I've purchased has gone up. There's more drops happening. That's all I know.
Speaker C: Okay, I have questions for you, but first, let's get to the poll. So the first poll of the day, presented by Mackie and Eastside Marios, was Friday's episode of the Mint, the best mint condition episode ever. Vote yes for. For yes and vote Eastside Marios for no. While you're at it, hit us with a comment down in the purple comment bubble. It helps us get the show out there. We appreciate it. Hit us with the GM. Hit us with all your canadian restaurant takes. Tell us if you have joined the seize the Meads community, as chamber has. So it looks like chamber. There's only four of these so far. So you've got. Oh, wow. So what did you buy this freedom transact one for? It's currently going for 4.15 eth.
Speaker A: So I bought that one for three eth.
Speaker C: Wow.
Speaker A: I bought a. I bought a bunch of the GM or GME bit, whatever we're calling it, for like, 0.4. And then I bought a bunch of the Munafestos or moon men. I don't know how to say it.
Speaker C: The man festo.
Speaker A: Yeah. I bought a bunch of those for.
Speaker C: Like, not gonna knock you for that one.
Speaker A: That's a tricky one.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: For about 0.12. So, yeah, everything's looking pretty good. And those are the ones you had to burn to get the fahrenheit 5451.
Speaker C: You had to burn all of them, or. Oh, no, you burn the.
Speaker A: Me just festo the festos. Yeah.
Speaker C: Interesting. So you didn't have to burn any of these others. You got them dropped to you or did you have to mint them?
Speaker A: I bought all of these. So these are the first.
Speaker C: Well, but, like, if you were first, if you just had the first one, if you started with freedom to transact.
Speaker A: Where they could then get.
Speaker C: Or correct. Okay.
Speaker A: You had to go. Sorry. I think. I think you had to mint them from the site.
Speaker C: Got it.
Speaker A: There's. I think there's. For every. For every drop, there's a new site that they. That they share a link to at the time of the. At the time of the mint.
Speaker C: Interesting. So I'm asking you all these questions specifically because we've seen a. I mean, we are in the. Maybe the top. Maybe we hit the top of this trend that we're seeing in this space right now, which is the open edition meta. And I'd love to hear your thoughts on, you know, what's going on here with the open edition meta. We saw. Have you seen, or I assume you.
Speaker A: I'm assuming open edition meta is just when you get one and you get more and more and more.
Speaker C: Now, that's called the Yuga model.
Speaker A: That's the kind of like an open. It's like an open edition.
Speaker C: Yeah, well, it's actually closed edition. You only get the next ones if you own the first one. So. That's true. But the open edition thing, like, we're seeing tons of artists mint their open editions and on manifold and then have these kind of, like, burn game mechanics. So, like, drunk Santa is kind of along those lines. Right. And so I don't know if you saw, but yes. Was it yesterday? It was sometime over the weekend. It was either yesterday or Saturday. That nest graphics had his open edition that it was open for, I believe, an hour or maybe two, and he did something like 21,000 mints at point. Yes, I saw that 0.069. So, like, something like $2.2 million in on his open edition. So there's like, you know, 20,000 of these open, and he's, you know, very big name artist in the space. It's very cool to be able to own one of his works. If. So, like, I'm wondering what your thought is here. Have you participated in any more of these open editions with these kind of mint and burn mechanics?
Speaker A: I was in the memes, but I didn't feel like putting enough effort into figure out the logistics of how to game the system. So when. When number go up, I sell. So I had, I had a couple of. Of those, and, you know, again, probably just made 30, 40% on them, which was absolutely fine with me. But this one was a bit more. The seize, the meeps was a bit more financially acceptable for me, as opposed to buy, because I think it was like a hunt. It was. I think it's like a hundred over 100 east to buy. All to get into all of the memes.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah. The full set sold last week, either Friday or something, for like 110 OTC. I think if you went and bought them all on Opensea, it's like 100, 3140.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah, right. So I would. And that's, like, one of the ones I can't believe I missed. Like, it seems so obvious now, and I just wasn't paying attention. You know, there's something interesting going on here, though, with this, this open edition meta. Right? We saw it with Jack Butcher and checks. Kind of kick it off again with like, the craziness that's going on with checks, which is cool.
Speaker A: I'm in checks too, by the way, a lot.
Speaker C: Oh, you are? Nice.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay, so tell us what's going on over there.
Speaker A: I have no idea. Number go up.
Speaker C: Okay, so you just bought checks. Are you actually participating or you just no holding?
Speaker A: I have, I had a, I bought like ten of them a couple weeks ago, and now I have, I've sold them as they've gone up. I have two left. I have one that's a two digit and I have a three digit remaining.
Speaker C: Interesting. Yeah.
Speaker A: And apparently the lower, apparently the lower the number, the better.
Speaker C: Okay, so you're killing it on the open edition slash.
Speaker A: Apparently, yeah.
Speaker C: I didn't even know these types of things, so I have some thoughts. I think it's cool that this is happening. I think you, if you are, I think you need to check yourself on what it is you're buying and why you're buying it. I think there's a lot of cool things going on with this mint and burn stuff. However, you know, make sure that you are buying into open editions because you are curious of what's going on or interested in the art and artist, and not necessarily just four number go up. But what I think is happening is really cool here is this like whole mint and mint open editions and burn for something else meta that's happening right now. I mean, what you're actually seeing here and what it really is is like gamified art. And I think that's really cool. I think that's really cool. I think it's cool for a lot of reasons. I think it's. I think it's a very cool way for artists to do super interesting things outside of just try to, you know, market their art. Cause that's sometimes a very hard thing to do. I think if, especially if you're not one of these massive famous artists, you can create these cool experiences through art. And, and because you can do this mint and burn stuff, you can gamify the experience and it becomes really interesting. So I think it's an awesome tool going forward, and I don't think it'll go away as like a mechanic that you can put in your tool belt to do a bunch of cool things if you're a project, if you're an artist, whatever. I do think we might have seen the top with the ness, open edition. Just because it's usually the thing that happens, right. You get this, like, blow off top of. Holy crap. You know, somebody just minted an open edition of 21,000 and now what?
Speaker F: Right.
Speaker C: Like, you know, and that's harder to keep the, I think, momentum going for something like that. Or. And then when somebody sees that type of project potentially fall below floor or whatever, it. They're not so eager to go and jump into the next one. So just. I would. I would preface it with that, but I think the mechanic is super cool. I think the tool is super cool for artists, and I think it's actually cool for up and coming artists because you can now kind of create these interesting experiences. Bundy, what do you think?
Speaker D: What's going on? So chambers said something interesting. I know he's joking most of the time, but this was a topic we were kind of talking about on our show today. Can you technically be part of the community if the only reason you're in there is you're waiting for a number to go up?
Speaker C: It's a great question chamber. What do you think?
Speaker A: No, there are two different.
Speaker D: That's fair.
Speaker G: That's fair.
Speaker A: There's two different people. There's community members, which, you know, which is cool just on me. I just don't have time for it. I'm here to make money, you know, that's it. So that's what I'm looking for. And I want to make sure that people feel okay, that it's okay to do that. And it's also okay to be a community member, and it's okay to try to do both.
Speaker C: Yeah, I would say that as well. I think where you see the biggest. I mean, I buy things a lot that I don't even ever step foot in a discord potentially. Right. Like, as far or get involved with community and. But I'm honest with myself about why I'm buying that thing. Right. But then there's other things that I want to be deeply ingrained in that I. That I am more of a community member in, I would say. So, Bundy, what was the. What was the takeaway from your show? I'd love to hear.
Speaker D: So, as we were basically talking about Skybrook and why people would fill out all the information to become a part of the community later, just to sell. And, you know, it came up, you know, people had got to a price where, you know, this year people are taking profits. Can you be mad about it? Were they technically part of the community? It was just a, you know, back and forth type of dollar deal.
Speaker C: Yeah. Skybroke is an interesting case study on what you're talking about. Right. Because the entire value proposition is that it's a kind of exclusive networking community. So I think a parallel here would be proof in the sense that, hey, it would be like if proof was a application community and you got in and sold it on the way up because of price. I don't know if I knock. I mean, what's the difference between that, Bundy, as far as filling out your application to be accepted to this thing and then selling it on the way up rather than whitelist grinding a discord? I'm not sure I see much of a difference there. What are your thoughts?
Speaker D: I don't think there is. I think the person who brought it up, it was more about integrity. Like, you wanted to be a part of this, but then price goes up and now you sold your soul for east. Not, not like that. But you know, I'm saying, like, if your intention was to do it to stay in the community, but then you sold it, what was the point is kind of what he was getting at.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think that's fair, I would say. I mean, that's tough, right? Like it's a, it's, yeah, nobody's wrong.
Speaker D: You know what I'm saying?
Speaker C: Like, well, that's what I mean. It's very personal thing in the sense that nobody, like, what is your threshold of what's, what's enough money to sell out of a, you know, community that I wanted to be in? And the interesting, I think the interesting wrinkle of this one specifically is that it was free. So like, you know, everybody starts from the same ground of zero from like a minting standpoint. And, and then they each have their personal threshold of like, okay, when, when am I going to sell this thing? Should I sell this thing? Is the actual value worth the dollars? Like I think it's an interesting. And it's highly personal. Right. You'll probably have people in Skybrook that will never sell. Um, and, and because they wanted that value. And then you might have somebody like TJ, who is in our, you know, night shift TJ. And he had a very awesome opportunity to sell his number, 420 for 4.2 eth, which was like three or four times over the floor at that point and at least two x over the floor. And you know, he, somebody that personally knows Josh, but he had the opportunity because. And he'll try to buy back in later, I'm sure. So each one of these examples is super personal to the person that's selling, and it's kind of hard to judge. I think, as a concept, everybody's got their price. I mean, you've got somebody like our good friend Steve that is very vocal about, look, I don't care how much my board ape is. It's part of me, and I want to be in this club, and I. And I don't want to sell it. And I didn't sell it then, I'm not going to sell it now, and I probably won't sell it when it goes back up. But then you got people like me who paper handed their five apes and didn't even keep one because at the time, it got to a point where it was good money for me that I thought I should take. Right. So, like, I think it's very different for everybody and totally dependent on circumstance. But, chamber, what are your thoughts in general?
Speaker A: I forget you. Have you had five a sometimes I just had one, yeah. I mean, I don't know. I feel, you know, a lot of people have this, you know, it's weird. There's like, the. There's a Persona that people want to put out, and I'm not. I'm not a big fan of that because then you have to, like, live up to it where, you know, where things like selling and making money and. And all that stuff come into play, and then it's like, oh, am I going to be judged if I sell? And I don't know, I just think if we're all honest with each other, the only reason we got into nfts, and again, that may have changed since you've got. Since you've been in nfts. But I can't imagine the reason you got into web three or crypto or nfts was like, oh, I want to be in a community. It was like, no, this is an opportunity to make a little bit of money, a lot of money, some money that may or may not change the trajectory of my life. I want to get in now. I think community, this is just my opinion. I think community happens when everybody lost their money or regretted not selling, and we're in the middle of a bear market, and that's where communities are, and it's all cool, but being honest with each other, we all wanted to make money.
Speaker C: Nah, nah, nah. That was not for me. The community forms because everyone is.
Speaker A: Is hurt that they did that. They lost all their money.
Speaker C: No, no. That. No, I don't think so. I don't think that's true. I mean, partially.
Speaker D: I'll give them partially.
Speaker C: Well, what about DJ network? Like, DJ network was popping during a bull. Popping during a bear, right?
Speaker A: Where you got bunch and chamber. That's all. That's all you need.
Speaker C: But that's community. That is not. We.
Speaker A: No, no.
Speaker C: Price go up. Community. Like, so I don't think that's like, you know, I don't know. I'm not.
Speaker A: I'm talking more. I would say more like PFP community. Jim saying not. I feel like DJ network is a web three community, not a PFP community. And I think there's.
Speaker C: Okay, yeah, no, I think that's fair. I think that just at me next.
Speaker H: Time chamber, if you're gonna be like, there are people who feel bad about selling things, just. Just call me by name.
Speaker A: No, but I hear. But you don't sell, so you don't feel bad about it. You don't, you know, bunch of said you're like, I'm holding because I want to be, you know, I want to say forever. I'm talking about the people that are.
Speaker C: We did all peer pressure Steve to sell his Skybrook the other day, though.
Speaker H: That's actually what I'd come up for. But go ahead.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, I think Steve is a very, you know, he has conviction, and that's good. That's different than what I'm talking about. I'm talking about people that are worried that they want to sell and are worried about what it may look like because I don't think Steve wants to necessarily sell.
Speaker C: Interesting. Steve, would you like to rebuke that?
Speaker H: No, no, no. I understand. I was joking around. Obviously, the chamber, I think he's made. I think he always makes, like, really salient points and sometimes says a lot of uncomfortable truths that nobody else wants to talk about, which I always have respected because I think, you know, I. Look, I'm somebody who has gotten ingrained and excited about the tech, but I came in because of top shot to make money, and I was. My friends told me about it. I made money quickly, and then when I read what it was, I probably changed into the tech and, like, the innovation quicker than most. But, like, you're absolutely right in that point. I was more going to reply, and I didn't catch Bundy space today, but there's a weird. And this is what Bundy's doing, but I feel like there's this weird cell shaming that's actually gone on with Skybroke, which is actually kind of interesting because I had DM Josh when I sold and I kind of told him, I'm like, look, man, this got to the point where it ran so much, and I congratulated him on it, but I ended up selling. And he was like, dude, obviously I want to have you in the community, but I totally understand anybody who wants to sell if it gets to that point. It's a lot of money. And he was actually very empathetic to people who were selling, and I did reach out to him and, you know, for me to make the point to that, you know, kind of what Bunny was talking about, it's like, I actually was having a conversation where, with a few people, I won't say who, where. I was like, I'm not. I'm not. I didn't fill out an application and kind of talk with Josh pie and close doors to sell this thing, but, you know, it got to, like, 0.8. And people even saw me in the worm. It's 0.75. I'm like, yeah, I'm not selling. And I'm like, maybe I'm an idiot. And then it got to, like, 1.7. And at that point, I was like, okay, like, this is a lot of money. And just, I mean, I'll be honest with you. Everyone here, like, tax bills for crypto and being an entrepreneur, fucking suck. And so, like, I have a tax bill coming up, and I'm, like, looking at it. I want to pocket the money for now. Who knows if I'll buy back in in the future? But what was interesting with Skybrook and Josh himself didn't do this, but there are people I saw within that community, or who want to get in that community that were almost cell shaming, more than I've seen, even some PFP projects. And I'm not saying bunny was doing this, but I saw this a little bit where it's like, well, it seems disingenuous. You filled out an application, just sell. And I think there's more complicated things to that. And that's one of the reasons why, when apes were running, I had friends who sold apes when they hit two east, and I absolutely was not, you know, sell shaming them. Like, you need the money. You do that. If you want to stick around, you go and like, yeah, did it run? But it could have gone to zero. And, you know, I just think everybody's got their own personal reasons for selling selling. And that's why I never, never sell shame people, because it seems, you know, everyone needs the money for different reasons. So I was more just given the Skybrook context in that particular one, because I know there's a lot of people who did, and that became a common conversation.
Speaker C: Well, I think that's. I think that's the issue around sky book Skybrook specifically. Right. As far as, like, maybe out of the ordinary seeming cell shaming. Right. Where you have the. The distribution method of Skybrook was very personal, meaning you filled out an application and then Josh is in your DM's kind of congratulating you and saying, hey, awesome. You were chosen. Can't wait to have you. Very personal. Right. It's like. And there's. I don't think we see a lot of mints that start that way. Right. So, like, you're even. Even a proof pass, right. It was a dutch auction. There's no. You don't have a glad hand by Kevin rose to join the community. And I think that changes how people perceive you or perceive the act of selling something like that. Right. It's like, oh, well, you could have opened a spot for somebody else, blah, blah, blah. But I don't, you know, I think. I think it's because of the distribution model. Not any. Not really.
Speaker H: That's.
Speaker C: That's it. It's very personal distribution. So I don't know. What would you say to that, Steve?
Speaker H: No, I think it's a really, really, really insightful point, bunch, because I hadn't really thought about it that way because I was trying to think of why it's a seem so different to people. And I think the two factors at play were exactly what you said. And then also the fact that there are people who are really interested in, who got left out, which honestly, like, and people saw me struggling with this over the weekend. That's one of the reasons I felt guilty, because I was fortunate enough to be accepted as something that I think a lot of people wanted to be a part of. And it was just very different in that sense than, you know, other mints were personal acceptance going through applications, and there's people who were made it and who didn't make it, and the ones who didn't make it. I think there was a little bit more of a letdown in that sense. So I think it's a. I think it's a really, really insightful point on how different that mechanic was then, even like, a doodles curated whitelist, because it was just so personal.
Speaker C: Yeah. And that's true. Like, even doodles is a little different, though, right? Like, I mean, there was. It was personal, but not as personal as this, which I think is super interesting. I do want to. Before we get to James Bundy and Golden Spruce, JP Kaz is arguing with me in the war room about open editions. So I just want to read out JP's counterpoint, which I don't think is. I actually think me and JP are on the same page, not so different. But JP Kaz says the cash, like they feel cash grabby, which I think is fair. And he says it's gamified in the way that if you don't burn your previous NFT, it's either worthless or you transfer value to something that eventually heads back towards the mean. He says he thinks it's unsustainable unless we get down to some kind of model in which they evolve into very limited one of ones, like proof. He says there's just too many. It feels like it ends poorly. And I don't actually disagree with them. I said I think one. I thought the nest thing was the top, right? And I'm saying you probably shouldn't buy unless you're really interested in the art. I do think as a mechanic, that gamifies art, which is something we've really never seen before. Nfts, like, like, even when we first all started this, there was not this gamification of essentially works of art. We've had profile picture stuff and burn mechanics and things, but this is, I think, something different. That's an interesting tool and that's, that's all I was saying. Because I think, I mean, he's right, right. Lucarice had 760,000 mints for a piece of art split in 8500 pieces. He says nest 2.1 billion split into 21,000 pieces. I think he's right. But I. Again, I think it's just an interesting tool and I don't think you should be buying into all of these expecting number to go up. And JP says he's faking being present on a call while he's listening to us or else he would come up. And I respect that household very much. Much so. So, um. But that's why I wanted to make sure that I got JP's points out because he is on my zombie apocalypse team for all, uh, for that matter. And I need his voice to be heard.
Speaker H: You fucking picked JP. Ca. I haven't listened yet. You picked JP casual. Jesus, here it comes.
Speaker A: I've been waiting for this.
Speaker C: Well, here's don't listen to the show.
Speaker H: I love you, JP, but I didn't listen. I haven't listened specifically because I was. Mostly because I was fomoing hard because I. It was so fun to have that conversation earlier on in the day. And then I couldn't make it at 04:00 p.m. but now I'm definitely not gonna listen.
Speaker A: I probably don't.
Speaker C: Was under the gun on my second to last pick. Chris Hoddle had just got taken out from under me as my military pick and I was. I had to make a choice. And it was. It was at the point in the show where JP had come up a couple other times for some other reason. I don't know. I'm not sure he has marketable skills for zombie apocalypse either. Although he does live in Utah. So I don't know, maybe there's something there, but. And it was pretty much already. So here's the thing, Steve. By the time it got back to me on that last pick, it was pretty much already a gag that you were not going to get picked. So I couldn't ruin the bit at that point. So, you know, just. That's really probably what it was. But let's go to James, then Bundy, then golden Spruce.
Speaker G: Hey, champ. Buns chamber. We do need to figure out the extension of that to continue that, but we don't have to talk about any of that now. Vicki just threw her thumbs down, even though she.
Speaker C: Nobody was, nobody picked Vicki and she was upset about it. And I actually think Vicki would be very good.
Speaker H: Vicky and me, you get a replacement team. Our replacements team will fucking whoop will be the last ones living.
Speaker G: There's no replacements. First off, we should extend these to more than three people. A and B. The exchange that Vicki and I had on Friday, Washington, was amazing. So hold on, what Chambers said, actually, it's funny, sometimes people will say things tongue in cheek, but there's this underlying truth to it. And I think there's a lot of truth to the statement of almost like misery loves company. Not to say that these were set up that way, but to say that there is, there probably are a lot more communities that were founded on this basis. And you can't say Djen network because it was a community before, it was a token. So it doesn't really qualify. That's fair. So the other thing is. So I didn't sell Skybrook. This is an interesting thing in my mind, because it wasn't really necessarily pitched as too much of anything, but we all know that it was made up of what Josh considered to be whatever influential people, tastemakers, blah, blah, blah. How does that pan out, though, when you sell, when you open these things up on a secondary market and it gets diluted with question mark. That's. I've always wondered things like. Like that and how that moves forward and is perceived. So that that's kind of an open question and statement, I guess.
Speaker D: So can I answer this?
Speaker C: Yeah, go ahead, Bundy.
Speaker D: So this is. And to Steve's point at the beginning, I don't know if it was more self shame and how it came up, maybe a little bit, but I think it was more like, like just understanding what. Why people did that. And so we got to talking after that, and we were coming up with ideas, like, so what he's doing is phenomenal. I like the whole filling out the stuff and. And kind of grooming your, your community, you know, I'm saying. So we were talking about, like, moving forward, are people going to do this? But maybe put like a 90 day hold to where people can't sell to see if they like the community, and then if you don't like the community in the 90 days, you sell off. So it was a cool, like, like I said, it kind of started with a little shell self shaming, but it actually turned into something very insightful.
Speaker C: James.
Speaker G: Yeah, I mean, I always got a. I always have to personalize and bring it back. Like, like, with the key society, I would probably want to have a conversation with those individuals and know where that was going to go. And I just think if you were really, truly going to curate a community, it was a little surprising to see this open up immediately on secondary. And I guess he. Maybe. I do know that Josh probably also is intrigued by, like, mechanics and the way these mints transpire. He said that before. I've heard him say things like that. He's kind of fascinated with it, so maybe he just wanted to see what it would do.
Speaker C: It's also his income stream on it. Right.
Speaker G: Well, I did the math. It's not exactly.
Speaker C: I I'm not saying it's tons of money, but it is. It is. The way he was bringing in some money there is sure all of his curation, hard work. He's gonna get that seven and a half percent cut. It wasn't zero. Volume is decent. It's decent.
Speaker G: Yeah. No, no. Look, like I said, I kind of ran the math and the numbers. I wondered where that hits critical mass, where it actually means something. But that's also relative, right? Like, what means something to me might be different to. To him.
Speaker C: Yeah. I mean, I think, like, even, just even whatever he did collect off of that secondary royalty is like, all right, you could probably see it as what he. What his time might have been worth to curate the community and launch the thing. Right. Like, it's probably not, hey, I'm retiring to an island is what the goal was. It's probably, hey, is this worth, was this worth the time I took to do it and my setup right. Going forward and like. So it's super interesting and topic. I'll throw it over to Golden Spruce, see if you have any comments on that. And then if not, you can jump into your. Whatever your other topic was. Yeah.
Speaker E: What Chambers says, like, he says it's about every quarter. He says you probably all came here for the money. And that's true. And I need that reminder. And that's why tune in so often, partially, is to get that reminder because altcoins with pictures of are better than altcoins without pictures, partially because they're so good at making like a mechanism for building a cult. And you can, you know, that's what I'm going to call it. But it's fun. It's a lot of fun.
Speaker A: Golden Spruce has been around for a minute. I want to say. Were you like a rec listener, too? G's?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: I thought you were. Yeah. So Golden Spruce knows my quarterly activations. That's. I like that because I do say, I repeat things I feel. Yeah. I never put a number to it, but quarterly is probably the right number.
Speaker C: I mean, I feel like it's weekly, but it's fine. But I think people need that reminder too. Right? Like there's. There's a lot of reasons why people are here. Right? Like whether. And. But you also reserve the right to change the reason you're here once you get here, too. I think 100% right.
Speaker A: I agree with that.
Speaker C: Like, maybe the reason I got into crypto originally was to make a quick buck, and now it's like the thing I see myself doing forever, at least at this moment. Right. And. And that doesn't. That isn't because I got rich, because, trust me, I did not. Yes. Right. So, like, well, yet, maybe, but like. But it won't be because I was quick flipping jpegs. Let's put it that way. It's nobody other work that I've done.
Speaker A: Just to push back on that. Because you're right. You know, you. You want to be in this space, but I would argue maybe not all of it, but a chunk of that. You want to be in this space because of the opportunity that it provides, because there's not a ton of people working in this space. There's. There's a Runway for people you know what I mean? With backgrounds that we have, like, as opposed to working your regular, you know, I'll pick on Steve, you know, working for progressive or working for, you know, whatever. Fortune 500. Fortune 500 company x. Well, now, this is a whole new, this is a whole new world where you can. We can use our skills and have a leg up on a lot of people a lot quicker to, you know, to be here forever. And there's absolutely zero wrong with that, but I think that could be a part of it.
Speaker C: I totally think that's fair. Like, I. Yes, I. Yes. A motivation of me being. Is not an altruistic mission for me.
Speaker A: Exactly.
Speaker C: For me to hang out in web three, like, in the sense of, yeah, I'm making a living here and I'm doing it by being an entrepreneur. Right. But, like, that didn't. Yeah, no, I get what you're saying. Yeah, but yes.
Speaker A: Because I think. I think when we're in the real, like, the regular world, we'll say, and you're making a living and you're doing your thing and, oh, hey, I might be able to become a whatever the next rung of, you know, management is, but here I feel like I could. Yeah, I'm making, you know, I'll speak for you. Like, maybe you're making the same. That you would be in the regular world, maybe even less, maybe a little bit more. But I think there is a road that's pretty open that in the next five years, your career trajectory would be much further ahead in. In web three than it would be in, you know, selling diapers. You know, I mean, what.
Speaker C: Totally. But however, that's because you. But you're assuming in that situation that. That the most important thing for me in that situation is the money. And I would argue that it's probably not. Right. I would say that, yes, career trajectory may be a. I think money is a function of.
Speaker A: I wouldn't say money. I would say just more like. Like there is an inherent. There's.
Speaker C: I mean, they're correlated there.
Speaker A: Yeah. I wouldn't say it's money, but I think just succeeding in life is its own reward. You know what I mean?
Speaker C: Well, whether you get that promotion. Exactly.
Speaker A: I think this. You can succeed at a higher degree in web three than you can if you were just, you know, I mean, in.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: In the reg.
Speaker C: Space for opportunity. Exactly. I agree with you. I'm not totally. I'm nothing disagreeing in that sense at all. Let's go, Joe, then. James.
Speaker F: Hey, I figured we shouldn't do the breakdown until all the team captains are here to shame. It would go better that way. But Chambers team, I'm not feeling it. I'm sorry.
Speaker A: That's all right, Joe.
Speaker F: No, it's okay. I mean, he might have, you know, some lumberjack skills and maybe that'll pull through. I think James had a juggernaut. If he would have switched out Gary Vee for Juwan, that had been a fucking force. But I don't really know what Gary's going to do besides maybe draw pictures on, try to buy the.
Speaker H: He's going to, he's going to tell the zombies to hustle. They need to hustle.
Speaker F: Exactly, exactly, exactly. Right. It's like, Gary, go over there and talk to those zombies for us. Um, now, uh, there's like short term, long term, right? So I got offered a pass. Um, I didn't mint it, uh, because I have my issues. I got a phone call today to ask what was up. Uh, we had a conversation. Uh, I told him what I thought, you know, and he's always receptive and it was very direct. Uh, we discussed goals, we discussed why I have issues. Um, he was receptive and addressed them and then asked if I wanted one. And I said, well, you've listened to me and I mean, that's really all you can ask for a person to do. So I'll explain. Accept one now. So they sent me one. Um, you know, you can, you can look at it as, uh, you know, it's a alpha group or whatever the fuck, or like, how do you build something and then people run and flip and jump out of it and all that makes sense. I think, like, you know, for me, looking at it, I think like, okay, you get an eth, you get two eth today, 3200. That's nice. Maybe you somehow figure out a way not to spend it. In ten years, it's worth $10,000, maybe. And you're going like, yes, I got 20 grand. And I'm going like, well, I'm having a DM conversation right now with the guy who bought a thousand apes because I own this pass. And that's, that's somebody who's saying, well, have you talked to this person yet? And have you talked to that person yet? So that's a different, you know, long term value. So that's kind of how I look at each one of these things. But that's all.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think that's all fair. It's interesting, the results of your conversation, I would say, but I'm sorry.
Speaker A: Were people getting approached to get one because I was not approached.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah. I can't even imagine why I got approached.
Speaker F: On the 2 January, he jumped in and asked if I wanted one.
Speaker A: Who is this guy anyways? Who's this Josh fella?
Speaker F: You have to wake up earlier. The problem is you stay up too late high, and then you miss the morning shows where I do.
Speaker A: I am up late and I am high and I sleep like a.
Speaker F: See, that's what happens. Chamber, you're probably going to live a lot longer than us, though.
Speaker A: So yeah, I was up.
Speaker F: Unless the zombie apocalypse happens and then you're dead.
Speaker C: Done.
Speaker A: You know what? I've been watching a lot of these apocalyptic shows. I'm going to tell you. I feel like I don't want to live if there's an apocalypse. So I'm okay. I'm okay with not making it long term.
Speaker C: All right, Chamber, I have to. I do have a very hard stop at five.
Speaker A: Oh, how hard is it?
Speaker C: It's so hard. It's like. Yeah, it's like the hardest stop I've had yet. So I do want to make sure we get to the rest of the group here. James, jump back in. I saw Steve come on mute, so come off mute.
Speaker G: Yeah, he'd probably come off mute during. During my statement here as well. I should not have to defend my choice of Gary Vee. First of all, I find that laughable. Secondly, Chamber, by the looks of your team, you've watched zero movies about the apocalypse based Shaun of the dead, Lord of the Flies. I think maybe even more.
Speaker C: You thought maybe Zombieland with Woody Harrelson.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's the move. That's a good one. That is a good one.
Speaker G: You know, something you said bunch about kind of intention of why everyone got in, what the reasoning might have been based on, kind of how that's pivoted for most people. You know, I find something very interesting that I always. It's always a fascinating topic for me. You know, like you said, you found yourself in a position to. Everything else becomes a bit ephemeral and you realize, like, this is what I want to do, or at least this is what I aim and aspire to do as a career. And I think five years from now, if anybody in this room is in a similar situation, because you actually are an example, Steve actually is an example of my thesis on this, of people five years from now that have similar success. If anybody questions that calls them lucky, you know, whatever that might be, I would speed bag metaphorically, they're nuts because I think that it's absurd that they would say something like that. And that's the kinds of things that people will say, but you're putting in the work now, and everybody in this room that actually attends regularly and puts in that work, we will reap those benefits because we'll find our place just the way, same way you did, same way Steve did, and the same way we're gonna see a lot more people doing that. So I think kudos to you and anybody that's, that's, that is here putting in the work. I just can't wait for five years from now to hear those conversations because I'll be there front and center to push back.
Speaker C: Don't, don't forget here, though, it's not easy working in this space. Chamber actually went the opposite way. Chamber had no job with no need of a job. And then he went back. Chamber ran the other way.
Speaker A: I mean, there was only one job that was bringing me back, and it.
Speaker C: Just happened to reach out to me the quick. Before we get out of here, I do want to make two calls up to the jumbotron up top. Set your reminders for two things. One, we'll be back on Wednesday afternoon. Same bat time, same bat channel. Hit that set reminder button. Helps us in the numbers as well. Get out there and it. That's just cold. That's just crowd think. If people see a bunch of reminder set, they are likely to say, oh, this is important, so help us out there. But a real quality show that you should be setting reminders for is coffee with captain. They will have, I think, Steve. Is it Julian?
Speaker H: Yeah. Julian's going to be on. The CEO.
Speaker C: Julian, the CEO of Doodles will be on with them over the next couple days.
Speaker A: Does he spell his name? J o o l E. Yeah.
Speaker C: Like, like doodles.
Speaker A: Yeah. Like Julian.
Speaker C: He formally had to change it to that. Yes. So Thursday is the space with Julian from doodles. So check that out. Set your reminders. Set our reminder up there for Wednesday's episode of mint Condition. And I mean, look, nothing tells me that we are more excited to talk about other things than web three than the fact that this Amazon news has been out since Friday. And I don't know if any of our shows really have talked super at length maybe about it.
Speaker A: One of them, I think night shift did.
Speaker C: Night shift did. Shane put out that sick article, which I put up to the top. And. But I mean, there's so much to talk about. I feel like we haven't even scratched the surface about Amazon. But that plus zombie apocalypse and we're still here, you know, talking nonsense, I feel.
Speaker A: We had a good web three conversation today.
Speaker C: We did. Well, we certainly had a talk about communities and we did some open edition talking and, and things like that. But that I would recommend going up to the top also and reading that article that Shane posted. We had some very reliable information on some of the Amazon details come to us. So Shane was able to put that out in an article. So it's pretty, I would say accurate sourcing. So head over there and check that out. And I've got nothing else chamber. I do have to stop here in three minutes. Anything else before we get out of here?
Speaker A: I don't know. I don't think so. I think we're good.
Speaker C: All right. Well, that's going to do it for us then. Next time, stay mint.
