Speaker A: Hello and welcome to the mint condition. I am Bunchu alongside my Steve colleagues and co host, chamber and Des Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker B: Doing pretty good, man. You know, just, it's Wednesday, it's sunny, snow's melting. I'm hoping winter is done for, for the year.
Speaker A: And we had, we got about six inches of snow yesterday and it's already melted. So that was nice.
Speaker B: It's like a good amount, right? Like six inches. That's like a pretty big amount, I would say.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's like, I mean, it's definitely the most in one, in one shot we've gotten this year. We, we haven't had a ton of snow this year. It really hasn't stuck around for more than, you know, a couple days when it does snow. So I kind of like it that way. It's like you get the beauty of the snowstorm and you get the utility of snow for, like, one day without the, you know, prolonged mess of all the aftermath, you know?
Speaker B: Totally.
Speaker A: Des, how are you doing? Do you get snow out there in the mountains?
Speaker C: That's the beauty of southern California. You can be at the surf in like 15 minutes and the mountains in 2 hours. So, yeah, we, I mean, we get snow. Not where I live necessarily, but it's been oddly wet and colder. I'll be respectful this, this season.
Speaker A: How, how cold is cold?
Speaker C: To me, cold is like low fifties.
Speaker D: Wow.
Speaker A: I mean, chamber, do you have anything to say about that?
Speaker C: I said respectfully. I said respectfully, you jackals.
Speaker B: I feel like it's low fifties in my office right now.
Speaker A: Me too. I'm wearing sweatshirt, I'm wearing a sweatshirt right now because I got my slippers on. Yeah, you got slippers on your slipper guy?
Speaker B: Um, yeah, yeah, no, I am a slipper guy.
Speaker A: Like, I can't do slippers myself. I my, like, well, let me ask you this. When you wear slippers, are you barefoot?
Speaker B: Well, that's the. No, I have to wear socks because if you go barefoot in the style of slipper that I like, I like a moccasin style slipper.
Speaker A: Hard fleece side.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. And I like a hard bottom. And if you go barefoot in those for, like, three consecutive days, you may as well just throw them out like this.
Speaker A: Yep. That's the problem. So, like, for me, I'm like, I might as well just wear socks and not have anything else on, you know? I hear you, riggs, giving us a thumbs down. Riggs, you not a big, not a big slipper guy. No, I'm a huge slipper guy. And I'm a moccasin guy. I'm a big uggs guy. To be frank, my slippers are slippers and I am a no sock guy. Let those reek. Sometimes you gotta air, sometimes you gotta air them out, sometimes you gotta let them breathe. But let me tell you, there's nothing like putting those slip, they just mold to my feet and then every few.
Speaker B: Months you gotta get. There's mold on your feet. That's correct.
Speaker A: I said let them mold two. This is fun. We've got a good show for you today. We're going to go through a little bit of news and notes from around the space and then we have Susan from pettiverse and Rigs as well, joining in for some head of verse talk, which will be fun. Getting to talk to Susan here will be a great time this afternoon. Stay with us and hear all about petiverse and what they're doing there. Some really cool stuff. But chamber, I mean like the crazy keeps on coming. I think like we're, one day we're pumping, the next day we're dumping. We've got CPI positive news, more bank news and just kind of overall craziness in the space. What are you feeling today?
Speaker B: I mean, you know, we're still playing around that range. We're at the top of that range. The other day hit it perfectly, by.
Speaker A: The way, if you were listening to, if you were listening to show on Monday, I mean it bounced, I mean it rejected exactly from where we said it was going to. So, you know, kudos to you and for your, for your epic charting chamber.
Speaker B: Well, both of us, I think, I think we were both on the same page.
Speaker A: You know, I'm not going to pat.
Speaker B: Myself on the back, but I mean, yeah, I mean I was anticipating a pullback. I mean it was what I was really hoping for. I don't know if we're seeing it is during the pullback, are we going to see some positive momentum with nfts? I don't know if that's been the case yet, but I could see over the next three to five days some growth there because I'm sure we saw some pullback across nfts during the pump, or at least this kind of local pump we'll call it. So I don't know, that's what I'm anticipating is some gains on nfts.
Speaker A: Des, are you subscribed to the mini NFT bull run? That chamber is prognosticating here.
Speaker C: Well, it did what it always does, which is when ETH pumps, people start taking profits and floors go down. So I'd love to see both those trend in the right direction on a pump for an NFT kind of resurgence to come. So, I don't know, I'm somewhere in between.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's interesting. I think, like, I actually had the thought yesterday or this morning, even that. Hmm. $1,700 east looks like a nice spot to maybe unload some of these nfts and move into a little bit of cash or something. So I am not. I'm sure I'm not the only one thinking that. And I think whichever, you're right, the lower that that goes, then it starts. It's so interesting. Like, we talked. We talked a lot about, like, crypto trading and stuff on Monday. And, you know, so much of that process is this idea of rotation. Right? And so what that means for anybody who's not familiar is, you know, you're. You start kind of with this base of. Of a pump in something like these. These, you know, really blue chip coins, like BTC and ETh. And then as people make gains there, they look to take profit when they should be right at resistance levels, and they look to cycle that into these mid and low caps that haven't moved yet because there's usually a lagging there. And I think now, having seen this a bunch of times, what we witnessed during this is just rotation from nfts to ETh. Right. It's just a rotation cycle, and you can kind of start to see it coming. It's definitely a trend. What are your thoughts on that?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, I always kind of equate it to, like, surfing. You know what I mean? You want to get on top of the. On top of the water.
Speaker A: You do a lot of surfing?
Speaker B: I do a lot of surfing on the shores of Lake Huron and Lake Erie.
Speaker C: That is one long board. That is one long board.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah. But I do think it's very similar to that. You know, if you can kind of catch the wave of momentum, like, where, you know, kind of get ahead of it before. Before it happens, there's definitely opportunity to make money for sure, if you can. I mean, a lot of it is guesswork, but you're using, you know, historical data to make those assessments in real time. And, you know, there's. There's a lot of factors that play, and then there's a human factor that plays into it, too, that you kind of have to work against. But, I mean, if you can play it right, there's definitely money to be made. But then you throw in the additional factor of nfTs. Right. Like you were talking, you know, blue chip cryptocurrencies to, you know, mid and low tier cryptos. But then there's another factor of NFTs and how that, how that plays out. So I haven't, I haven't written the book on that yet, but it's, you know, I think there is some, some data that you can look at to make some, you know, educated guesses.
Speaker A: Will you be writing a book on anything? People are asking.
Speaker B: People are asking. It'll be, is ghost writing when you get somebody else to write it for you?
Speaker A: No, it's actually when a ghost writes it.
Speaker B: Oh, that's what I thought. I just didn't want to seem foolish. But, yeah, no, a ghost will write.
Speaker A: My memoirs, pop, putting you on the spot. Your autobiography hits shelves next week. What is it called?
Speaker B: I don't know. It's, you know, chamber. A man of many tweets. A man of few tweets.
Speaker A: Defend that tweet chamber story. What about, what about you, Des? What would your autobiography be called?
Speaker C: Oh, come back to me on that one. I got to think of a good title.
Speaker A: The goat of goats.
Speaker C: That'd be a nice title. Just go to a nice title. But I think I could do some more self deprecation.
Speaker A: Mine used to be entirely too fat to swim. The story of Joe O'Rourke and the other one I would go with a lot is falling up because I feel like that fits my entire career path. So I'd buy that.
Speaker C: That's good.
Speaker B: That's good.
Speaker A: If you're, if you're down there in the comments, hit the comment button. Tell us what your autobiography would be titled or what we should title our own. That would be fun. And for, you know, Susan, I'm waiting. When we, when we get to you think on what your autobiography name would be, because I'm definitely going to ask you that. So. But, yeah, you know, I think we're in this interesting spot in the market. It feels not as scary as it had the past week. So I think that's good. You know, there's all this macro stuff going on and we'll see how that plays out. But, you know, other news and notes from around the NFT web three space today, the Yuga summoning is beginning. Holders of sewer passes are going to be able to burn their pass to get one of eight power source types. And the speculation out there is saying that this will come into play for the mechs. Des, have you been following this at all? What are your thoughts on what Yuga's doing here with the power sources.
Speaker C: Since I have no sewer pass assets, I have not been following it, but I'm not a fan of this huge, like, pass to get the pass. To get the pass. I don't know.
Speaker A: It's interesting. I was actually just thinking that as I was reading it is. It's like, you know, I think it's partly. I think it's smart from Yuga in terms of, like, keeping people consistently engaged in their kind of progression and storytelling. Like, there's been large gaps in the past of, like, well, what's next and when's it coming? And I think this is kind of a interesting cadence. I totally get, like, the thought of, you know, being captured in this, like, pass parade, if you will. Like, it's. You could lose track if you're not very, very engaged in keeping track of this stuff, which I could see being frustrated. I'd be interested in somebody who has napes take, like, either Jweb, Steve Cap, anything like that, if you jweb, what are your thoughts on these power sources?
Speaker E: Yeah, it's gonna be cool to see something actually, like, evolve. And they, they showed us the blueprint of it when sewer Dookie Dash started. You know, the gary the dog licking the toad thing. So I think that's gonna be pretty fun. I'm very hopeful that this next game is going to allow older, less seasoned gamers like myself to have a chance. I think that'd be pretty cool.
Speaker A: And what is the game mechanic here? Do we know?
Speaker E: They don't. They haven't said yet. And that game is not going to be until, like, may.
Speaker A: Cause we specifically say boomers will be.
Speaker E: Able to play or what they say. Quite that part. They said, like, garga basically stated that it's going to be a completely different kind of skill set that you'll need. Like, people who were great at the first game who had, like, super flat fast reflexes and are, you know, high level Fortnite players. They may not excel at the second game because it's going to require different type of skill set. So that's, I'm hoping it's like more like logic, strategy based. You know, I can. I can probably stay ahead of some of the whippersnappers that way.
Speaker A: Also, real quick, what game would be, what game would fit your skillset best that you're hoping they put out?
Speaker E: Like, I'm a big Zelda guy. Like, I love the Zelda games and trying to figure out puzzles along those lines. So that would kind of appeal to what I enjoy, but I don't think that they can really do that. It's. That's a big. A big ask and a lot of time, but something along those lines, we got to solve puzzles, things like that. Also for chambers, autobiography, I think too big to fail would be a great title for that.
Speaker A: Oh, my God. That's so good. That's so good.
Speaker B: That's the winner. That's the winner right now.
Speaker A: That is the winner. That's incredible. Yeah. I want to definitely get into petiverse here with Susan, starting here in a couple minutes. But we did have maybe something that fits into the gaming discussion that we're about to have, which was Gabe Layden. He announced that he there was an acquisition of free NFT XYZ. He claims it's a another step toward onboarding the masses chamber. Do you have thoughts on what Gabe is doing?
Speaker B: Oh, Gabe. Yeah, Gabe Layden.
Speaker A: Yeah, Gabe Layden. The limit break guy, the one that did the digidaku.
Speaker B: Sorry, I wasn't sure what you said there at first. I have no opinion. I was confused with the name, and that sent me into a tailspin internally.
Speaker A: All right, I'm going down to Susan. Susan, do you have thoughts on what Gabe's doing here with free nft XYz?
Speaker F: Oh, man. Do you really want to open that?
Speaker A: I do. I do. That's why I'm like, okay, this is a good transition.
Speaker F: You know, I will tell you that I think. I don't want to say, because I'll get quoted out of context with saying that I blame game laden for the people who've told us our project should be free. But I will say that I've been saying for months now that there's a real danger in projects with major backing who don't have to necessarily have a business model causing undue pressure on the rest of the space. And, you know, this is what happened in mobile games. I was involved very early on in mobile games, and almost immediately, someone decided they should be free. And then it became impossible to charge money for your mobile games. I mean, like, ridiculously impossible. Like, to the point that you'd get, if you were lucky, 5% of the downloads that you would get as soon as you charge a dollar.
Speaker A: That's interesting, actually. So how did that evolve into kind of this, like, freemium model? Is that where it went? It was like, hey, everything should be free. And then there became this kind of freemium type of model.
Speaker F: Yeah. I mean, nothing's free, obviously, you know, when it comes down to it, there's, you know, they're all businesses, and everyone wants a way to make money. In mobile gaming that started with things like ads in app purchases, what's called an energy meter. I don't know how many mobile games you played, but they had things, energy meters, where this is like in Facebook games back in the day, you'd go in, you'd want to do something, and you get a little energy bar that says, this is how long it's going to take to happen. But if you spend some money, we'll make it happen faster. And that was called an energy.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. It was like, you can wait 32 hours for you to build this house, or you could pay me $5 and it'll be done in ten minutes. That's exactly right.
Speaker F: There's always a vague. There's always. There's always a way someone's going to make money. And so that became the way. And eventually that led to, like, subscription models. You see a lot of subscriptions now on the app store, which are like, crazy expensive. Like, I remember some. It's becoming the norm to pay like $10 a week for some of these really crappy mobile games to have a subscription. And I guess someone's paying it. I don't know who. Like, it's insane.
Speaker B: It's me. I'm paying.
Speaker A: I think what happens, like, with that stuff, because I'm guilty of this in subscription based stuff, is that I might pay for it once because I'm intrigued and never, ever revisit it. And now I'm just forget, or I'm too lazy to cancel said subscription. Like, that happens to me so many times.
Speaker F: Right. And then you forget about it.
Speaker A: That's right. Exactly. But, yeah, super interesting. So I'd love to kind of transition here into what you're doing. But first, I'd love to give people a little bit of your background. If you've never heard from Susan before, or just an epic background in gaming, I'd love for you to start there.
Speaker F: Sure. Yeah. So I've been in video games for 25 years now. I've worked throughout that with my husband, who's my co founder, Lee. He's the quieter one of the two of us.
Speaker A: But have we ever heard him on a space?
Speaker F: He's been on our space a couple times. And you know what it is, he's smarter than me. He's very good at explaining things to me. I'll be candid here and completely deface myself and say that he's the person who explained blockchain to me, for example. And so he's so much better at articulating it in a way that people get, whereas I have a habit of confusing people. And so I do love when he talks, because I think he has a really. He's so used to explaining it to me that he's really good at explaining it to everybody else. And, you know, and I've spent, you know, we met in San Francisco, we got married six months later, and we. This is a very long time ago, and we worked together at take two. So he worked his way up from QA to producing on some of the grand theft auto titles. And I started two K games and two K sports with the founder of Take two. And when we left there, we spent a long time just being the two of us for, like, over ten years. And it was basically, he's the design half, and it was me raising money and making things happen. And it's always been kind of a relationship. He has crazy ideas, and I find a way for us to get them done. This one's a little bit different, because two years ago, we, to jump ahead, I did say mobile. We worked at a bunch of free to play doctor who games that did a few million installs. Then we got into AR. We won this government grant to get to play at sort of the cutting edge of augmented reality, and got to work with a lot of big companies, qualcomm, apple stuff. And two years ago, I said to Lee, we should get a cat often running in a space in AR. Like, wouldn't that be cool? We know we can do some neat things in AR, and you could get the cat to run off around the corner and jump up on a table and all these things that really make it feel like it's there in your space. And that was kind of the weird early genesis of this. We had some money, and we had a few people on the team. Now we're almost 30, but we basically set out to figure out, how could you take something with you everywhere and not be stuck in one app? And that was really the birth of what we were trying to do a couple of years ago.
Speaker A: That's fascinating. So how does that, like, that progression lead to where you are today with pettiverse? Cause I think it's super interesting. I mean, I'm fascinated by the AR stuff. I think it's gonna be huge here in the future, and we're seeing it start already, even just this kind of connection between digital and physical and things like that. So how does that story kind of lead you to pettiverse.
Speaker F: Yeah, it is really fascinating. So I said to. I remember the conversation where I said it would be really cool to do this, but I don't want the cat to be stuck there. And, you know, Lee was the one.
Speaker A: So what do you, what do you mean when you say that? Because that's.
Speaker F: I don't want. I don't want to do only the one thing that you could do with it. So I played nintendogs. I'm sure a lot of people here played nintendogs, and I often frame this around nintendogs, because when you played nintendogs, you thought you were buying a dog to play with and that it was yours. And people spent a ton of time on that. 25 million people, in fact, spent a ton of time playing nintendogs. 75 million people, I think, have had a tamagotchi. But the problem is, it's confined because it's web two. It's stuck in nintendogs, which is an obsolete game at this point. It's stuck in a DS, which is an obsolete device. And it's even stuck in an obsolete art style because it was made so many years ago, so it wasn't really ours. It's stuck in a drawer somewhere or broken or whatever. And so nobody plays with nintendogs anymore. And we theorized that in a web three sense, we could unshackle that, that we could architect the system by which your pet would always be yours, and it wouldn't be behind these sort of gates, and it wouldn't even be reliant on us to stay together as a company. So this is like. It's like the anti rug pull. We've built this to make ourselves unnecessary eventually. And that's what's so important, you know, in my mind about this project at the time, everyone was talking about play to earn and tokenomics, including most of the investors. And everyone wanted to be axie infinity. And no one really talks about Axie Infinity now, a year later. And we said there was something more fundamentally important going on, that you could own your stuff, that you could take it with you ultimately anywhere that you wanted to take it, and you could be empowered to build new things with it. And that's been our sort of north Star as a project ever since. You know, we got in this space in the beginning, and that's why we've been building for two years to make that possible.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's so fascinating and important. Like, when you think of what the concept of metaverse is, I don't think it. I don't think it's going to be for me, like these closed metaverses, right? Like these closed siloed things that exist. And there's a bunch of them, right? To me it's a how do I take my identity or my owned items everywhere I go and how are they interoperable with each other? And I think that to me is the metaverse. So I'm curious if you can maybe dive a little deeper in how you actually go about making something like that possible.
Speaker F: Yeah, 1st 100% to what you said. I've actually been very fond of saying the metaverses really literally don't exist yet. The most part, there's some really cool things being built, like sandbox and Nifty island and Decentraland back before all that, and now what Yuga's doing. But all of these experiences are going to take time to be built. These are big aaa ideas, and it's going to take time to get a core audience in there that's bigger than the web three crowd. It's going to take time for them to be fun. Both Lee and I have a lot of experience with sandbox games, which is basically what these are where you have to have emerging gameplay. The subway system, if you will, between it is. What interests me right now is how do we make it possible, as you're saying, to take your digital identity with you everywhere and you hear people talking about it. Adidas talked about the thing with Yuga that they were going to do with sneakers. I guess it was really cool that they were talking about it. But what troubled me was I didn't hear anything about how it's great to say you want to do it, but you have to define how you're going to to do it. And so in our case, we have created an open standard for metadata that's human readable. And it's really cool that Dolly has become a thing this year because it makes it really easy to explain what I mean. If you go into Dolly and you say, show me a striped cat that's red and black with big eyes that are sort of medium spaced and it's fat and it's a persian cat or whatever, you can list all these things out and then you could say, now show it to me in anime art style. That's how we think about metadata. So we have separated the realization of that blueprint from the blueprint itself. And so that means that it doesn't matter where you want to take it. The art style is flexible to match where it's being taken to, because that's the problem with interoperability, especially for game developers, is they want to define what the experience looks like and what the characters look like. They don't want to be told it's got to all look the same. That becomes generic and boring. So we recognize that and even sometimes different devices are capable of different art styles. If you want to play with a cat on your smartwatch, that's very different from playing a cat on your PlayStation or on your iPhone. And so the art style has to be flexible to the capabilities of these different devices or the aesthetic of the experience. But the more interesting problem that came to us as we were really right, as we were closing our funding round, we were trying to decide what blockchain we wanted to mint on to start with. And we talked about flow, because Dapper was a big supporter of what we were doing. And then we talked about Polygon. And ultimately we settled on launching on Ethereum for many, many reasons. One of which is, this is where your Og pet lives, right? Is on Ethereum. You're going to mint it there. And we think that's really important to people and powerful, being minted on Ethereum, but we want you to be able to bring it to any blockchain. And so the way we've dealt with that is to treat this as if all the consoles could actually get along together. If you could play call of duty on any console and have it point to one universal save file, that would be an ideal user experience. So you could play on your PlayStation and your Xbox, and it's still the same save. They'll never work that way. But in web three we can. And so you can mint your pet on Ethereum and bring it into experiences on Ethereum, but if you want to bring it into the sandbox, it's got to be on Polygon. So we decided to come up with a universal save file approach, where we have this metadata that the pet points to its DNA, but we say, we'll give you permission to also use it on polygon, and it'll point to the same information. And if you want to bring it on Solana, we'll do that too. And so on and so forth, because the mass market isn't going to want to bridge their assets, and when you do, you're having to make a copy of it. And so they branch off from each other. We didn't want that to happen. And so we've taken an approach of both on chain and off chain data, so that these pets can evolve with you and be mutable and changeable, and you can even add value to them like you would in a game because you train your pet and you collect a bunch of cool stuff for it that's in its inventory and it forms memories of how it problem solves and all this stuff. So that if you did decide to sell it off, you've created value, which is kind of novelty in the web three space. It's not just flipping, it's actually adding value and then selling, or maybe even never selling. And just using breeding as a way of obtaining value if you wanted to separately from the experiences. So that's what it is. There's an open standard of metadata and we make it as flexible as possible to go anywhere and look any way you want. But ultimately what that means is that if 100 years from now, if you will, your grandkids inherit this pet, it can function on a blockchain that doesn't exist yet in an art style dramatically better than anything we're going to see right now and still be just as relevant. And that means that we become unimportant to this, kinda, and we let this live on without us, like as a hyper structure, you know, is where we see this all going.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's super interesting. I love this concept of that. The metadata is kind of mutable for cross chain without actually copying or making a twin of the actual NFT. Has anyone else done this in gaming and web three yet? Is this a brand new thing that you guys have developed?
Speaker F: As best we can tell, it's a new approach. You know it. Back when we started talking about this, there was this trend to everything having to be on chain. But as we talk through this with, you know, as we were. As we were exploring what our blockchain strategy was going to be, we realized that that was problematic for, you know, for the very reason I said, if you minted on Ethereum and you wanted to bring it into Solana to play star atlas or sandbox plan polygon, it wasn't going to work. And the next problem was that IPFS doesn't allow you really to change the metadata. You could use pinning. But there really wasn't a great solution out there that was fully web three. And there are other teams coming across that same problem. And there are some early solutions to trying to figure out what the IPFS is with firebase. But so we've taken a hybrid approach to this and we do. This is protected on the blockchain. We do store a very clever fingerprint on the blockchain so that if anything ever happened to that data, because it's off chain. We can recreate your pet. We can verify it's one of one. Every single pet is verified to be one of one. And so we have put the mechanisms in place so that this doesn't fall down because of the same problems as web two. But it's a work in progress. We talk about that a lot in the white paper, that there are definitely sacrifices that still have to be made in this road towards web three. Gary V. Said once upon a time at VCON, that customer, that web three is great until you want customer support. And it's true, there are areas of this that you still have to really be thoughtful about, because no one wants a bad customer experience either.
Speaker A: No, I think that's super important. And it's part of why these things cannot just be kind of fully decentralized in that way. Like, we have that issue that we're, you know, we are experiencing every day with Starbucks. Right? Like, you have this program that needs customer support, and luckily for a brand like Starbucks, they're able to put resources behind that and be able to kind of have dedicated individuals to that. But that's not the case with every project or every game out there or anything like that. So I think that's really interesting. Chamber, I'd love to hear your thoughts so far. Never mind.
Speaker B: Just to not interrupt. I apologize.
Speaker A: Des is like, don't call on me. I have bad audio and chambers taking a nap or buying.
Speaker B: I didn't want to be rude. I usually leave my mic on the entire show. I know that's not how a lot of other space people do it, but I like to leave mine on for these particular. This is why I leave it on. So now I'm just, well, you've got.
Speaker A: That sweet, sweet noise canceling mic, so you're able to do such things. But yeah, I'd love to hear your thoughts so far, because to me, this is fascinating.
Speaker B: Yes, I'm always very impressed when we have people on that are significantly smarter than anybody else on the show. I'm going to include all three of.
Speaker A: Us is a very clear example of that.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. And just seeing when you hear someone like Susan talk about the possibilities for the future of blockchain, and we have tunnel vision on what it looks like currently, and we think this is just the way it's going to be for, I don't know, for the foreseeable future, a person like Susan can actually see kind of further down the line and see more of Des just messaged me, saying, I'm spinning. I'm not spinning. This is how I talk. I try to.
Speaker A: He's old now, Des. He's old. He spits when he talks. He eats rice pudding.
Speaker B: You know, I got my slippies on. I took a nap today. No, but I do like to see smarter people see further down the line than I can. And having, you know, having things like, you know, you know, the metadata, being able to update on multiple chains. You know something? I. I never even. Never even crossed my mind to be able to do that. So it just impresses me, and it really makes me happy that we have people in the space that are not just like me trying to make money, but they're actually trying to, are seeing further down the line and seeing all the possibilities. So it's just impressive what I take.
Speaker A: From this end of spin. Yeah, whatever. When I'm listening to this so far, what I hear from Susan is somebody in a team who's really being thoughtful about how they're coming to market with something. And it's not just to come to market with a game. What she just described is real problem solving on how to bridge web two and web three. And like you said, with a thought of how this will play out in the future. And I think that's what people should be taking away from this interview is that type of thoughtfulness from a team and project and that kind of care and what they're building is really where you want to kind of hit your wagon to, in my opinion. And those are the teams that are going to succeed long term. Because what you're talking about here so far is not a virtual pet. It's actual technology advancement in a way that we probably haven't seen yet here in the space, which is really cool. Susan, I want to go back to you. But first, just a couple things up top. There are two reminder links for one for us on Friday and one for coffee with captain tomorrow. Today is Wednesday. We have the night shift space tonight at 830. And so definitely check that out. The other thing I want to call attention to, there is an awesome article about petiverse that was written by pain on Djen Network website, so check that out if you like what you're hearing here. Also a link to coffee with Captain podcast. So go and subscribe to that. If you can't make their marathon shows every day and want to listen back, check out the podcast. Lastly, Steve has named all three of our autobiographies. No, I'm not a Yeti. Please stop calling me that. In autobiography of chamber, I promise I'm a co host of the men condition an autobiography of death, and mine is the best one. I'm taller on the Internet. It's good. It's good. Susan, I didn't get to ask you yet, but what is your autobiography name?
Speaker F: The theme of this week is if you build it, they will come. I think.
Speaker A: I think I like that. I like that a lot. There you go. So drop your autobiography names in the comments section or drop ours because they're probably funnier if you roast us. So we'll do that. But Susan, back to you on this. You're one of the first projects to have an app in the app store, in the Apple app store. Can you walk through that process? What are the hurdles of doing that? How were you able to get that done? Because it seems to be an ongoing issue for projects using NFT technology in any way.
Speaker F: The problem with Apple generally, I like Apple. I'm on an iPhone and there are lots of great people there. The problem is they don't give you very concrete rules. The app store rules are actually really brief, so it leaves lots of gray area. And that's where a lot of concern comes from, is, especially if you focus on the mobile space, you just kind of don't know what's going to happen when you throw it over the fence. And so I think that that's where a lot of the concern has come from and lack of. Lack of concrete information. I mean, I thought it was great, actually. A lot of people were freaked out when Apple announced that they were going to charge fees on nfts. I saw it as kind of them taking the space seriously. I mean, yeah, it sucks, and we have to get around and on with it past these stores. But at least it was them acknowledging that web three exists and not saying it was a bad thing for us, because they have no issue with us integrating metamask, which was cool. And I kind of thought that was going to be a hurdle when they saw metamask wagon, which you can do. Their main concern is that if you have to buy something outside of the app store sort of ecosystem, it shouldn't unlock functionality that you couldn't get otherwise, which is difficult for certain things like marketplaces and stuff. But for us, if you grab it from the app store, which you'll be able to do, there's a loaner cat from us, a really basic cat that you can mess around with. And so we were able to basically say there's no functionality you couldn't get otherwise. It's about the customization. It's the difference between right clicking and JPEG and actually owning an NFT is sure, you could do stuff with the basic cat that everyone else has access to, but isn't it cooler that it's yours? So that was our approach with Apple. Google's easy, and we also have a browser version of it. And the app, which is called the Nematron, was really part of us understanding who the market is right now. Once upon a time, we said we were going to start with nintendogs, and then we just realized that the mass market is just not getting there anytime soon. And we were going to make this mobile game for no market, really, because it wasn't what people were really going to gravitate towards. So we decided instead to focus on smaller interoperable experiences. Because the other problem with starting with nintendogs is that doesn't show you interoperability. That's just one game, and you could do that in web two. So that's why our roadmap for the next six months, starting with the reveal and Mimatron, is about smaller experiences that allow you to take your stuff with you, because we felt like that was way more important than launching the big game. Just like I think interoperability is more important than launching any of these big metaverses, yet we got to build our way towards that. And so that was the goal there. And, yeah, I'm really excited because I don't know that anyone else has ever done that, like, launched something on three platforms at mint. And I said for two years we were going to do that. And so I'm really excited that we were able to do that to build first, not build everything. And we built a lot more than that. But I think that the web three space is very much about keeping people engaged, and so, not unlike the game industry, you have to think about your live roadmap and how you're going to parse stuff out and keep people engaged and excited, as opposed to here's everything, and we'll get back to you in a year. That just doesn't work anywhere.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's super interesting. Chamber, you have your hand up. I want to go to you, but I have a follow up based on what Susan just said. Go ahead, Chamber.
Speaker B: Uh, you ask your follow up based on the question I have. Uh, I'm gonna, I'm gonna.
Speaker A: Unrelated.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm gonna do realize.
Speaker A: Shocker. Shocker. Uh, Susan, what's that?
Speaker F: Is it about chicken piccata? I hope.
Speaker A: I hope not. God, I've had too much chicken picotta content today.
Speaker B: It's a good, it's a good question. It's just unrelated.
Speaker A: Chicken picada, the official snack of DJ network this episode brought to you by Chicken Picada. Steve likes it. The question I had. So I think you made an interesting point there at the end about having some features built more than a lot of other things that end up launching in the space. What's been your, I guess, biggest hurdle with. We talk a lot about what's going to bring web two gamers into the, into like coming around to web three and owning nfts in their games or as their games. What's your biggest hurdle? Having those discussions, I think the biggest.
Speaker F: Hurdle and captain's going to probably find this controversial. We talked about this on coffee with captain was play to earn. A. And I know that as we talked.
Speaker A: About that day, as in like, play to earn is bad in the minds of gamers.
Speaker F: Yeah, yeah. Gamers hate that, right? Like, that was never the, it was messed up.
Speaker A: Why? Why do they hate it?
Speaker F: Because no one wants to be told to play a game to earn money. You should want to play a game because a game is great and fun and all the things that a game should be. The fact that you could earn money should not be the point. You know, as a game publisher, which I was back in the day, I would have laughed someone out of the office if they came in and started telling me about the monetization before they told me about the game. That's just ask backwards. That was the problem. They were largely being made by web three companies who had no game development experience. It was completely Gamefi. It turned out it wasn't particularly sustainable and fraught with problems and sounded a lot like a Ponzi scheme frequently. And sometimes it was. And so gamers hated that. Everyone hated it. And then there were kind of tone deaf things like Ubisoft launching their thing on Tezos, which was literally helmets on a character. That's usually the bad example I give of an NFT strategy is putting hats on characters. And that was basically where they, and don't get me wrong, I have a lot of respect for Ubisoft. They tried, but they did not read the room with, with gamers when they announced that thing. And they built it on Tezos, trying to say that that was how they were going to be friendly to the environment. And no one bought that either. So there was all this like really crap messaging out there, the biggest part of which was play to earn, you know? On the other hand, like I said about nintendogs, gamers have been paying for their stuff for years now and feeling like they bought it. And it turns out all they were doing was renting it. Because if the game went away or the system went away or whatever, it wasn't theirs anymore, or if they decided to move on to a different game, there was no way of.
Speaker A: Is that concept, is that concept attractive to web two gamers? Like, do you think that concept of kind of ownership and, you know, the fact that it will never go away, is that an attractive value prop for a gamer? Or is it, you know, something that we still have to get there on?
Speaker F: It's gonna. It's a yes and no. Yes. Definitely yes. I believe that that is what's going to win gamers over 100%. My kid spends money all the time asking me for in app purchases, and I hate the fact that they're not really his. The problem is there aren't a lot of examples yet because that's what we're trying to change, is to show what that means. When you say interoperable, a gamer is going to say, well, how's that going to work? How am I going to bring my gun into another game? How am I going to bring my tomb raider skin into Call of Duty? And all of that stuff, it's true, does not make sense. But when you start thinking about interoperable characters and it doesn't have to be pets, like, everything that we're doing is just as relevant to cars, to robots, to zombies, to dinosaurs, to monsters, to whatever, it doesn't have to be a pet. And as soon as we start doing that and we start showing you 20 things that you can do with it, that's what I believe is gonna captivate gamers. Yuki Dash is a really good example and a really interesting step that Yuga took. Even if you know the name was terrible. It was something that was achievable by a team that doesn't come from video games in a short amount of time, because everyone is waiting for the big game and it's going to take a long time to make it. So I thought it was really fascinating because it's exactly what I've been saying, which is that mobile games didn't start with Call of Duty. They started with casual, mass market games. And then eventually they started to migrate towards something more hardcore. And now you can launch a hardcore game on mobile phones. No one will bat an eye, so you could do the right thing. They went back to basics and said, okay, let's start with hyper casual. And they launched an endless runner, which have existed in mobile games for, you know, 15 years now or more. But the problem in my mind was it's not your ape. Like, that's where the lost opportunity is there. It should be your ape, not a generic ape. That's the point of web three is it's not generic. It's your thing that you bought and it's your identity, you know, and I said this to Garga in Paris, I said, imagine if it was your ape and you had 20 different games that you could play and you could bring your ape between them, and if you collected something, you could use it in one of the other games. How incredible is that? And that kind of stuff, I think is going to help, you know, get the, get gamers on board because that's really cool. The fact that you can, you can take something with you. It's just we have to have the use cases. It sounds like a bunch of fluff until we can actually do.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's very, you're right. It's very hard to explain this philosophically in a way that someone's going to give a shit enough. Right, like that. You have to see it and demonstrate it. And I think we like are seeing that too with Starbucks. Right. It's like once you have the demonstration out there, it becomes very clear. And now we are getting like tons of inbound from people that want to replicate an experience like that. But before that it wasn't that way.
Speaker F: Right?
Speaker A: Like you, you're just having this big philosophical conversation of like, hey, wouldn't this be cool? So I think you're spot on there, chamber.
Speaker F: That's what we're trying to do is move past the philosophical part. It's like, totally. That's why I really want people to start seeing and I feel like, look, I don't ever want to talk about what we're doing as a security, but I think that the innate value of what we're building feels like it should only increase by all these experiences coming out there. And that's really exciting that that's not increasing based on, you know, flipping and market manipulation or anything. That's just, I want this thing.
Speaker A: Practical use, right?
Speaker F: Yeah, practical use, yeah. And when there's an ecosystem of things you can use, that inherently makes it feel more valuable to me. Whether the market agrees with it, I cant predict, but I think thats pretty cool.
Speaker A: Yeah, totally. Chamber. I want to go back to you. I took it away from you before. I want to bring it back to you and before you nod off on the conversation, because youre so old Jeff.
Speaker B: It was very close. Susan was speaking about just the differences between Apple and Google, and shes very smart. So I wanted to ask her a question because I've been watching a lot of succession lately, and I had a pondering last night, and I couldn't figure out what it was. And I don't know if you're familiar with succession. It's about a billionaire family, and it's very, like, the art direction is very decadent. Buy all the premier. I don't know if it's. If they buy it, but, you know, there's. The clothing is, you know, ultra elite. Like, they have, like, the insane yachts. So everything in the show is. Is pretty accurate to, like, the billionaire ultra elite lifestyle. And what I noticed was all of them, none of them used iPhones. They all had kind of the top end, like, I'm assuming, like, Samsung Galaxy phone or something like that. And I couldn't figure out why. Is there a. Susan, is there, like, a reason why a billionaire would want a Google based, or, like, you know what I mean, like, a Google based phone versus a Apple based phone?
Speaker F: Two things. I think Apple actually forces you to show them content before you can use it. Like, I think there are rights involved in actually having an Apple device in, like, a movie.
Speaker B: I have heard that Apple definitely. I don't know if they still do this, but at a certain point, they didn't allow any of the bad guys in the shows.
Speaker F: Yeah, Apple.
Speaker B: To have iPhones. And I mean, I mean, you could argue that the family is, you know, the bad guys. So maybe that's the case. But I just wasn't sure if there was, like, a tech issue. Like, if there. You don't. I mean, like, are they more talk to.
Speaker F: I am the one ridiculed in my house for having an iPhone and not an Android. We were an Android family for so many years. Lee is completely hardcore Android, and he's turned my son into hardcore Android. I have an iPhone because of lidar, so I have, like, an iPhone twelve pro. And Lidar is something that Android can't come close to matching in terms of Ar. That's, like, really, for me, the only reason I think that Androids are way better value for the money, like, what you can get in, like, a high end Samsung Android phone. I think Apple tends to eventually catch up with that stuff. And so, yes, I've gotten completely obsessed with my iPhone and my smartwatch, and I just suck it up while everyone laughs at me in the house for having it. But they have gotten it right in AR. And I don't know what the hell is wrong with Google and why they can't seem to catch up on the Android stuff. To give you an lidar, if you don't know what that is, if you have a pro phone, it's the three cameras on the back. That's how you know you're right. Android doesn't have anything close to that. So if you install our Mimatron app with your cat, if you have an iPhone pro, the camera almost immediately basically, like, forms a mesh of your room invisibly. And so if. And it's remarkable how quick it works. Now, there's a really cool video that Sebastian Borget linked when we were in Paris together, because he didn't realize this was possible. And he's like, wouldn't it be cool if your cat could, like, jump up on the sofa here at the cafe? I'm like, you can. And so I took it out, and he was messing. He was just so shocked to see this possible. And it's all lidar. Lidar understands the couch. Lidar understands people's legs, and the cat will go behind their legs. I mean, it's so wild. I have so much fun.
Speaker A: That's super cool.
Speaker F: Yeah, Android can't do that. Android will figure out the horizontal surfaces and allow the cat to jump up, but it will not detect the vertical surfaces, so it won't go behind a wall, for example.
Speaker A: Super interesting chamber. I think the answer then is that billionaires hate lidar.
Speaker B: That could be it.
Speaker A: That might be it. Or that they don't want their virtual cats hiding behind their legs and tripping over them. Uh, that might. That might also be it. But, uh, Susan, I know we're. We're catching on time here, and I do want to do two things. I want to throw down to a question from our audience here with Yale, and then I also want to talk about what's going on with your mint currently. So, uh, let's go to yell first. Yell welcome, and feel free to ask anything that you've heard so far.
Speaker G: Okay, so, tough question. For a start. Susan, you're wrong about Android, mate. Android just rugs the shit out of you when you're on Twitter spaces. So you screwed. But I don't know what my second question.
Speaker F: I thought you were going to try to stick up for Android there. You're sticking up for the iPhone there.
Speaker G: No, I literally bought a charger to plug into my rodecaster because I was like, oh, use my Android phone. But literally, every space I come up on, on the Android, it just rugs me straight away. So no, I'm sticking with unfortunately a bad connection to my rodecast there. But I'm loving this mint, Susan. I think this is so cool. I think. Do you know the thing it reminds me of is everyone talks about how they didn't mint bored ape and in the future they're going to talk about how they didn't mint metaverse Genesis collection. And it was open for a number of days. And I think we're kind of at that point. And you said something earlier, Susan, you said this is a bit of an alarm bell for the space. If someone turns up with this much utility on mint and a plan to deliver more utility straight away afterwards dripping it all in, you know, the AR, the VR, the twitch, the all that shit, it's an alarm bell for web three, isn't it? Suddenly having all the things that people pretended to have at mint is a bad thing. Is that really a bad thing?
Speaker A: Man, I think that's such a interesting and an important point, right? It's like we get to these, you know, when utility, when this, when that, and when somebody shows up with it already packaged, you people shy away from it or it's not attractive to them. And if for some reason or another, and it kind of yelled to your point, it's like, well, are we really here for innovation? Are we really here for things that are pushing the tech forward? Are we really here for things that are pushing the space forward? Or are we here for the DJ and casino? And that's a really, I mean, it's something that I struggle with all the time because what you end up seeing do well from a market standpoint is the things that promote, you know, speculation, Ponzi, nomics, all this stuff. And it's a shame to see because, you know, companies like petiverse or, you know, any other project out there that's actually building real things, struggle with that and struggle and because it's not the Degen casino and there's not a ton of speculation to be had. And that's unfortunate. And I agree with you though, that the people that do see this vision and have are putting their funds in teams that are building for the long term, will be rewarded long term. It just takes that additional mindset. I'm sure, Susan, you would echo that comment. I'd love your take. And then we'll go to these other two questions real quick.
Speaker F: Yeah, 100%. Look, it was. Which kind of adds into your other question. It's been a weird week. We went into the super bullish because of what we built, you know, and we took a very organic approach to this, which I think, for the most part, I think is playing in our favor in the long game here. You know, we didn't pay anyone to talk about us. We didn't, you know, we haven't showed. I, a few months ago, I had 2000 followers. Now I have 16,000 followers of, you know, credible people in web three. And, you know, and I've made so many great friends who have had our back this week. Like the text that I've had, you know, and from our investors, too, everyone gets it. And, you know, sure, I would have loved to have, like, been one of those projects that mint out in 20 minutes, but on the other hand, I think that would have been a lot of bots and flippers. And so I think what this week has allowed us to identify is the people who get it. And, you know, my strategy about this week is rewarding the hell out of the people who are jumping on this week. You know, we were people trying to bully us into lowering prices and this stuff. And it's like, you know what, we're nothing, but we're going to give bonuses to the people who mint, you know, we're giving everyone who mints three an extra cat. We're making everyone get at least a rare cat. Like, we're doing all this stuff to just like, pile on the value for the people who are ready to jump on now and, you know, let us bring the future forward. And if you're not, we're totally okay with that. We've built. We're going to keep building. We are absolutely fine. And so it kind of feels like it's like the opposite of a pool. You know, we're not one of those projects that sold out in 20 minutes and split. Instead, we're the ones who are taking our knocks while people aren't quite ready to understand what we're doing. And we're gonna, we're gonna prove it to them and, you know, and that's cool, too.
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, as far as, like, what you look for in the space from a project, right? When you're talking about how you evaluate teams and the future and things like that, it's like, I mean, you couldn't ask for a better group here to continue building this. So super excited to hear you say that because I know sometimes this stuff can be discouraging as well. When you've worked so hard to build something and you put it out there and you're hoping that everybody gets it and they don't at first, and that's hard. So I totally get that, too. So appreciate your sentiment there. Let's go, mister house, then stoke real quick, and then we'll wrap this thing up.
Speaker D: Hey, how's everyone doing? Can you guys hear me all right? I'm not walking my dog. Not sure.
Speaker A: Yeah, you're good.
Speaker D: Sound like a wind tunnel. All right, perfect. So, Susan, I had a quick question for you, because video games are one of the things that really drove my belief of nfts and kind of that, that in game ownership, you know, having spent a lot of time in Pokemon, Skyrim, and fallout, so I'm curious, you know, what, what does that look like to you? And where do you see that heading in the future, as far as, you know, owning in game assets? Do you think that's just kind of a thing that will die off similar to p to e? Or do you think that's what onboards, you know, the next generation of gamers, whether it be through free to play and free to earn games or through kind of paid mint style?
Speaker F: No, first of all, I absolutely think that digital ownership is what's going to bring the masses in. The notion that something is permanently yours. Not flipping, not opensea, not blur, not even what blockchain. Just the notion that I can have something and take it with me. And I have no idea why that works sort of magic behind the scenes. They're not going to care. Just like, I don't know, in my average video game, whether it's stored on AWS or Google Cloud, no one cares. And so we have to get to that same invisible state where web three, where it's about the sort of provenance and resilience of data, but it doesn't matter the rest of it to the mass market. And so.
Speaker G: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, Susan, you mean it's not play to earn? That's not the way forward?
Speaker F: Definitely not play to earn. I shouldn't say that. Look, all sorts of models are going to emerge. The problem is that we're in this tiny little echo chamber right now. There are like 10,000 people who are doing most of the trading of nfts at any scale. And you can't base this on 10,000 people. That's not even an alpha test in the game industry. 10,000 people. We can't possibly know what's going to work. And every other week, everyone thinks they've got the new meta. You know, when you get people like Gabe saying everything's gotta be free, it's gonna be free. Okay, well, that's a self fulfilling prophecy, but it doesn't have to because we don't know. I guarantee you that the people who hate web three in games aren't staying away because it's too expensive. That is not the issue. And, you know, and it's the same thing with secondary royalties. People saying secondary royalties are gonna go away, you can't count them, that you need another business model. It's like, okay, so if everything has to be free and secondary royalties should be optional, what's the business model? No one who has said those two things, and there are people who say that out of the two sides of their mouth, none of them have offered a solution. That sounds web three to me. They talk about advertising, they talk about selling data, they talk about subscriptions. But a subscription of 10,000 people, and the percentage you get at that is not a business model either. And so there's this real danger that we break things before we even get to the ability to have something anyone would want to pay for. And I find that incredibly frustrating about the space is everyone just keeps running like lemmings to, oh no, that's the meta. Oh, let's do that way. Oh, no. Okay, that worked once. And it's like, just because it worked once doesn't mean it's going to work again. It's almost the opposite. As soon as someone does it, everyone's bored with it, with whatever the mechanic was of the mint, and you move on to the next thing. You got to be original, and you got to think through stuff and have a reason for why you're doing things. But yeah, it's not going away. It's just on the game side. We're more about the interoperable thing and we're building experiences. But the big games, the sandboxes and stuff, they're just going to take time. A lot of games got funded in the bull market. And so I think eventually, I hope we're going to have this golden era of all those games coming to market. If those companies can survive. If they didn't, at least it seems like the SBB bailout is going to save that. A lot of projects probably would have died there, but it's just going to take time. And most definitely owning your stuff is going to be what it's about, whether that means owning it and being able to take it with you, whether it means owning it and being able to sell it off to someone else when you want out and getting back some value there.
Speaker A: Yeah, I liked your analogy there of owning and adding value by the actions you take in a game. I think that's super interesting, right? Like, and I mean, to me, you know, that's extra fascinating because I have a focus in, like, web three and loyalty. So those things kind of connect for me, right. As far as adding value by actions I'm taking with either a brand or a game or whatever. So I think that's super an interesting way to kind of position that. And I think that's fascinating. I do want to. We lost Stoke. We got one more question here from Francis that I want to run to. But first, I'm going to yell at both of them. Yell and Francis for switching their pfps on me mid podcast, because I didn't know what, I didn't know what happened. They don't change on me. Francis, let's go to you.
Speaker H: Hey, guys, what's up? I actually didn't. I don't know what happened because I've been driving the income entire time. I don't even know how it's possible.
Speaker A: You had some, like, like some ape looking thing prior, and now you're so. I don't know if me or not.
Speaker H: Yeah, it's weird. I changed that yesterday.
Speaker F: The.
Speaker H: Yeah, just a couple points. And I wish I had. I wish I had the ability to write things down. You guys are always having spaces and I'm always, like, driving, but the gaming, a couple things I wanted to hit on. Like, I've spoken to a few people, you know, I've only been in here for, you know, since 2021, December, whatever. And we with, like, I think it's like 3 billion people on the planet that play video games. Like, it's so small right now. The amount of people that know what's going on. Like, this is, this, to me, is like the Internet, what's happening with us? And, you know, our parents are always like, oh, I'm not putting my credit card on the Internet and all this. And look at where we are now, where, you know, the Internet is doing everything. So I feel like if just given, like, 510 years, maybe, and it's going to start to change, things are going to start to be so much better and so much different, and then we're going to understand that, you know, yeah, it's not going to be a lot of people that want to play video games for money, but there's so many people that I've spoken to that aren't even in web three that are like, fucking right. I would that's amazing. And be able to own your avatar, build it up and then resell it. That's like, there's so many people that's not even in web three that love that. And, you know, like, they just hate the web three space. But they will be here 100% because they are gamers and they love the idea of being able to own this thing, to sell it after they built it up for more money. You know what I mean? And anyway, but there's. That's one point that I wanted to make, but I'll just let. I'll let you guys move on.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's a, it's an. It's a fascinating concept to me. Like, I think about this in terms of, again, like, the loyalty play, because I'm referring to it almost like user generated capital, meaning, like somebody in the Starbucks odyssey ecosystem who really is a loyal, die hard Starbucks person that is engaging in all the branded content, engaging in all the journeys. They're going to earn stuff, and that stuff is going to be either attractive to them or attractive to somebody else. And because they've kind of engaged in the ecosystem and done work inside that ecosystem, they'll be rewarded. And so I think, like, same applies to gaming, right? Because at the end of the day, Odyssey is a gamified loyalty program, really, essentially. And so a lot of similarities there. And that's why I really love the, this conversation. But I do want to wrap this up.
Speaker F: Can I just interrupt and say, I love that I just had to write that down. User generated capital. That's really clever, Bunchy.
Speaker A: Well, it is. And it makes sense, right? Because it's like I'm, at the end of the day, I've done work inside of Starbucks, right? Like, we make that work entertaining, but I'm engaging with your content. I'm engaging with what you're asking me to do as a consumer. And for that, I'm being rewarded. And I'm being rewarded with something that I own, that I can either use and redeem, or that I can, again, build up the value of because of my effort. Not Starbucks effort, my effort inside of Starbucks. And either exchange that for something that I like or that somebody else would like, right? So I think it's a really fascinating concept inside, like, loyalty and gaming that will catch on in web three. But Susan, I do want to throw it to you to just give us the last details of your mint and then where people can find you. And then I'm going to let Chamber and Des have their last words.
Speaker B: Susan, she muted herself.
Speaker F: I was muted. I said the most insightful thing in the world, and you all missed it.
Speaker A: Nailed it.
Speaker B: Happens to me every time.
Speaker F: I totally nailed it. No, I was going to say we're in public mint right now, so everyone can get a cat. It's not about the white listing. Petiverse.com. that's all you need to know. Go connect your metamask. Like I said, we really want to reward everyone who is getting in with us now. We've got a great discord with Riggs and loads of others in there. We're having a blast. And if you buy three, we're going to be airdropping you. Airdropping you a free one. And we've got loads of other things in store, too. So, yeah, I hope it moved people. I hope people understand what we're doing now. I am going to stay out there and keep talking and keep building and keep growing and really just loving the fact that our company just grew. This week we were, like, 30 people. Now we're like, you know, 130 people, and that's awesome. And, you know, that's a. That's a really great place to. To build from.
Speaker G: How much. How much does it cost, Susan?
Speaker F: It is.
Speaker A: Yellow's becoming my new favorite guest. Yell is amazing.
Speaker F: Yell.
Speaker A: Yell is always crushing it.
Speaker F: He's fantastic.
Speaker G: It must be free. It must be free. Susan, surely. I mean, we spent two years building up to this. It must be free. Give it to me. Free. Susan.
Speaker A: I'm dying right now.
Speaker G: Sorry.
Speaker F: Yo yo is the goat of web three.
Speaker A: I'm telling you, I was nervous when y'all first unmuted his mic, and I thought he was gonna, like, come at you for an Android take, and I was like, uh oh. Now, yell is welcome here anytime to chime in. I appreciate you yell. Des, any last words here? Are you in a spot where you're not full of noise?
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yell for Des's spot. Is my hashtag today.
Speaker A: Definitely. That's the name of your autobiography.
Speaker C: Exactly. No, but to be honest, we set a new record for minutes over, and I know that's hard for bunch of. So it's just a testament to the quality of conversation and everything Susan's bringing to the table. I wasn't able to talk for a little bit because I wanted to be respectful of the noise. But honestly, just some really, just frank and honest takes from Susan about gaming within web three that I think is needed in this space. And I'll be cheering on, and maybe I'll even peek behind the curtains and a couple pets. So, yeah, it's. It was great.
Speaker A: It was great.
Speaker C: Thank you for. For coming on, Susan. And apologies for. For not being available.
Speaker F: Not at all. I. Look, I appreciate you. I appreciate dj network. You guys are my favorites out there. So it's a real treat that you asked me to come on tonight. I'm really grateful about you.
Speaker A: Appreciate you. Chamber. Want to shut us down?
Speaker B: Um, yeah. I mean, I don't know. I'm spinning. I'm spinning. Okay. I'm spun. I'm done. I'm spun and done.
Speaker A: Ah, you're so annoying. That is going to do it for us tonight. Check out pettiverse.com. follow Susan. Check out what they're doing. Our boy Riggs helping them out down there, too. So super pumped for that. And until next time, stay mint.
