Speaker A: I don't like when people change the song.
Speaker B: I picked a jokes on you. I got to you first.
Speaker A: Gotcha.
Speaker B: Gotcha.
Speaker A: Oh, it's upsetting.
Speaker B: At 03:41 p.m. 341, for your timestamp at home, Bunshu sends a message to pain. Are you hosting today? Payne responds, yes, sir. At 343. I respond, don't play whatever chamber is going to send you. It's his birthday. Let me find something. And that's how it went down. So we just beat you to the punch, my friend. That's all right.
Speaker A: Well, you know what? I take it back.
Speaker B: And then the exact thing I knew was gonna happen happened where you sent a song, and it was just. It was just so perfect. I was like, you know, it was great.
Speaker A: Well, it was well played, sir. That's all I can say. Well played.
Speaker B: Well, I mean, look, it's a special episode today. It is Chambers birthday. There is no better day of the year. Not Christmas, not any of your favorite holidays, not even your own birthday, your spouse's birthday, your child's birthday. Chambers birthday is the best day of the year. Happy birthday, chamber. How old are you today?
Speaker A: I am 41 years old today.
Speaker B: That is pretty damn old.
Speaker A: Holy shit. It feels old.
Speaker B: It's kind of weird being that old, isn't it?
Speaker A: Honestly? Like, 40 is whatever. Like, 40 is 40. But 41. Now you're into your forties now.
Speaker B: You're officially over the hill.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Oh, is that still a thing that people say, over the hill?
Speaker A: I don't know. I felt it. Well, perfect example. Yesterday, I go to the dentist to get a, you know, routine cleaning done, and they were talking about, I have two wisdom teeth.
Speaker B: And you'd think by now you'd be wiser.
Speaker A: I only have two of them. Some people have four, but, you know, they were talking about asking me if they bothered me at all because I'm now not too old to get the surgery. But it would have been better that I had it done when I was younger. That's the first time I've encountered that, and it was very jarring to me. I was just like, oh, I'm past. You know what I mean? Like, I'm too old to do something. It was not fun. It was not fun.
Speaker B: Dude, it's kind of weird getting old. Like, it's because you don't feel it, do you?
Speaker A: I don't feel it at all. Like, at all. Like, I feel no different than I did at, like, 21.
Speaker B: Yeah. And. But it's funny, like, 40. I don't know if it's as big of a deal now, as it seemed when we were kids, like, do you remember 40th birthday parties being, like, this huge milestone? Like, this huge thing that people, like, went all out for? Because I remember my dad had, like, my mom threw my dad this big party when he was 40. I remember, like, going to people. People's 40th birthday party. Like, it was this big old deal. And I don't know. I don't know if it was just, like, my child, like, wonder or I don't. Or, like, is that just not a thing people do anymore?
Speaker A: I don't think it's a thing people do anymore. There's a couple of good things for us. It sounds like the millennial generation, which you and I barely made the cut.
Speaker B: But you're an elder millennial.
Speaker A: I'm in the conversation. Apparently we age significantly better than our older, like, our Gen X counterparts and our Gen Z counterparts.
Speaker B: Dude, the Gen Z one is so funny. Have you seen some of these, like, tiktoks and stuff that are. That are, like, just telling on themselves with how old they look?
Speaker A: Yeah, no, there's a couple there. Like, there was my guy. There's one guy that I follow who has, like, he looks old, but apparently he's only, like, 26 years old.
Speaker B: 26. I know the guy you're talking about. African american guy. Yeah, dude.
Speaker A: He had method man on that. Somebody said that he looked like method man, and Method man came on on his TikTok and they dressed exactly the same, and they look like their brothers. They look maybe like he was five years. Method man must be 50 years old, right?
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, must be.
Speaker A: And he looked like he was, like his younger brother by, like, four or five years.
Speaker B: It's insane. So we got that going for us, at least.
Speaker A: So, yeah, so I do think we do feel better. You know, us at 40 is not as bad as. As previous generations. But I was at my dad's. Like, I was. I think I was drinking age at my dad's 40th. Yeah, I was. I was 19, so, yeah, no, like.
Speaker B: This was 18 up there in Canada.
Speaker A: So in Quebec you can drink at 18 and everywhere else is 19.
Speaker B: I forgot about that because I actually went up to Canada when I was that old to go to Montreal to do those things.
Speaker A: Yeah, Montreal at 18 is a good time, but. Yeah, no, I don't think it is. I haven't gone to a 40th birthday party. I maybe. I think it's a girl thing. I think my wife.
Speaker B: I don't know. It was definitely not when we were younger. That was.
Speaker A: It was like a family event.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. And big thing. You celebrated. But, uh, either way, that would have been last year for you. So you get nothing and like it. So now I'm old.
Speaker A: Now I'm just old. And it's, you know, the finality of life is kicking in.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's weird, too. And, like, the problem that I run into here as I'm getting older, uh, is realizing that, like, I'm just never gonna figure it the fuck out. Like, you know what I mean?
Speaker A: I think that's the joke, though. I think that's the joke.
Speaker B: I still feel like I know nothing. I feel like I am an utter, like, I will never be, quote unquote successful. I just feel like this giant baby walking through life, and, you know, that's. That's essentially what I feel like as I'm getting older. I. Like. There is no, like, I'm a child. No, no, no. I feel and act like a child.
Speaker A: No, that is accurate. Now, that all being said, if anybody does want sage advice from an elder millennial throughout the show, feel free to come up. Any life advice you need that I can help guide you through. As a elder shepherd, feel free to come up and ask any questions. I've given out free life lessons today.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, I got a couple, but I'm just gonna let them go.
Speaker A: Appreciate it. I did have. I did have a. I have to highlight this as a fellow food person. I did have possibly the greatest Reuben I've ever had today.
Speaker B: Oh, love a good Reuben.
Speaker A: Like, top two all time. Like it was.
Speaker B: Can't go wrong.
Speaker A: Yeah. So it was a good day. It was a good day.
Speaker B: Yeah. I just want to say, chamber, it's not very many days of the year that I publicly appreciate you, and today is one of those days. I am grateful for you. I am happy that you are my podcasting partner. I'm happy that you are my friend, and happy birthday to you, my friend.
Speaker A: Well, thank you very much. It means the world to me.
Speaker B: Great. Now that that's over. Yeah, that's overdeveloped. I mean, I don't know where you want to go now. We got. We got some stuff and some things there.
Speaker A: There has been some stuff and things released. You want to do some. Some new stuff?
Speaker B: The news. The news. Let's get to the news. Sure. Did you mind pinning some of those up?
Speaker A: I'll do that right now. Yeah.
Speaker B: I always have a hard time going back to get them, but I don't know. This could count. As of our conspiracy theory quota for the for the day, would you say that this is, this falls under the category?
Speaker A: I would say so, yes.
Speaker B: Yeah. So if you haven't seen it today, there's been some interesting new. This is like the first new version of information around the identity of Satoshi that we've gotten in a very long time. And there were kind of two tweets that we can highlight here. One is from a gentleman named Pete Rizzo. I don't know what.
Speaker A: Yeah, I just pinned it up to the top there.
Speaker B: Pete Rizzo is. What does he do? He's bullish on bitcoin.
Speaker A: Isn't he? A crank. Crank caller. That's the only thing I think of.
Speaker B: Uh, I don't know. Creator of. Creator of crank yankers.
Speaker A: I remember that. Do you not remember, uh. Um. Jerky boys?
Speaker B: Uh, no, I was. Yeah.
Speaker A: Frank Rizzo was a jerky boy, I believe.
Speaker B: Bullish on bitcoin history. Editor at Bitcoin magazine, editor at large at Kraken FX, and contributor at Forbes. So, like, not, nothing like this is a.
Speaker A: More than me.
Speaker B: Credible. Yeah, for sure. Credible. So the. If you haven't seen this, the tweet says new. Satoshi Nakamoto's earliest collaborator, Marty Sirus Malmi, just released their entire email history at 120 pages. It's the most significant addition to the archives of bitcoin's unknown inventor. And then he goes through and puts the most important new findings, which I thought were pretty interesting. So you've got here just some highlights. When asked how bitcoin might scale in the future, Satoshi theorized the network would have a maximum of around 100,000 nodes. And then you see the snippet and he goes into the calculation of the economics of the network at that scale. And there's about 50,000 nodes running the software today. Satoshi believed that bitcoin mining would be less energy intensive than the legacy banking system. He's got a good new quote in here. I'll read it. I'll truncate it. If it did grow to consume significant energy, I think it would still be less wasteful than the labor and resource intensive convention conventional banking activity. It would replace. The cost would be an order of magnitude less than the billions in banking fees that pay for all those brick and mortar buildings, skyscrapers and junk mail credit card offers. Satoshi. There you go.
Speaker A: Not wrong, not wrong, not wrong. Halifini.
Speaker B: Well, so we'll get there in a second. But one thing I did just notice here as I'm reading these little blocks of emails, um, the way he spelled labor, because I'm thinking here, like, with all this AI stuff we have now, couldn't you just kind of put some snippets of all of these emails versus, you know, some Hal Finney or other? Um, you know. Yeah, possible, possible satoshis and into something like a Gemini, uh, 1.5 pro, and see if it had, like, which writing styles matched the most.
Speaker A: I mean, I think this is a bunch of project here because here's a.
Speaker B: Pretty, here's a pretty telling one. I, you know, I really should do this project. I bet you somebody's gonna do it. But I'm, I think it would be pretty cool to use AI for this. Here's, here's one that's, like, could come down or could eliminate a bunch of suspects. He spells labor very interestingly, I would want, I would wonder if this is a trend in all of his messages where he uses this. He spells it l a b o.
Speaker A: U r. Yeah, that's how I spell it.
Speaker B: Right. So that could give you a little tip on where they're possibly from, right?
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, I think, I think it eliminates the United States, maybe, but how?
Speaker B: Finney was a United Statesman, right? He.
Speaker A: Not, I think he was.
Speaker B: I'm pretty sure he lived in, like, like Palo Alto or somewhere.
Speaker A: I was gonna say California. Yeah. So, I mean, labor is obviously british, so anywhere in the UK, Canada, and Australia for sure. And then there might be some other ones, but definitely the, our is, you know, commonwealth, if you will.
Speaker B: Interesting. Yeah. So, I mean, that right there could, could be a tell. You know, you're going to get all these writing. Like, if you got 120 pages of writing from Satoshi, like, I think you could totally do some forensics here and see where they match, which is really fun. Another one here. Satoshi foresaw at least one viable non monetary use for bitcoin. And that is, you know, like on chain time stamping. Satoshi described the differences in bitcoin and digicash, which was David Choms, failed emoney. This is notable as Chama worked on or had a profound impact on the cypherpunks, including Hal Finney. Interesting. Satoshi was concerned about the legal, his legal risk in launching bitcoin. Nothing. He was uncomfortable with explicitly labeling it an investment. Okay, so Satoshi even went with the NFA, not financial advice. Yeah. He also, you gotta cover your tracks.
Speaker A: You know what I mean?
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. It also sounds like from this. Here you go. At the end of this snippet. Very interesting. Someone came up with the word cryptocurrency. Dot, dot, dot. Maybe it's a word we should use when describing bitcoin. Do you like it? How funny is that?
Speaker A: That's wild, eh?
Speaker B: Yeah. So he was not the inventor of the term cryptocurrency, which is interesting. By July 2019 or 20 or. Sorry. 2009, Satoshi was tired, saying he needed a break from bitcoin. That's like, right when it launched, right? Yeah, it's a lot. Launched in 2009.
Speaker A: It ages you really, really quickly.
Speaker B: It also says here, he describes.
Speaker A: Did he say he needed to touch grass at any point?
Speaker B: Yeah. It says by July 2009, Satoshi was tired, stating he needed to touch some fucking grass.
Speaker A: Makes sense.
Speaker B: Yeah. He also explains how Finney's absence from the work. Interesting. It says, oh, one of the things I thought here was interesting is, like, it talks about his other job a little bit. He says, I'm not going to be much help right now either. Pretty busy with work, and I need a break from it. After 18 months of development. It would help if there was something for people to use it for. We need an application to bootstrap it. Buy some pizzas, man.
Speaker A: You know, it's not a bad idea.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker B: Another one here.
Speaker A: I'm looking, by the way, I'm looking into Hal Finney here, and I have no ties. You know, I was checking to say maybe if you studied abroad or. Or something like that. And I'm not seeing anything. And to confirm, yes, he was a California guy, all west. It seems like only west coast. So he went to the California Institute of Technology, which I believe is a pretty big deal for smart people. Not for me.
Speaker B: Cit.
Speaker A: Cit. And known for, obviously, first bitcoin recipient. It just seems. I don't know, I still feel like it's him, but I'm gonna be.
Speaker B: I mean, it could be the other. The other thread there is makes the case that it is based on all of this stuff, which is interesting.
Speaker A: Does it poke holes in the labor theory?
Speaker B: I don't know. I haven't gone through that one so far as far yet. Because I can scroll through that one while I'm talking. Yeah, but Satoshi already known. But Satoshi was pretty adamant that early users consider bitcoin free. Here he's discussing removing transaction fees from the UX entirely. Interesting. Satoshi worked on bitcoin on Christmas day. Interesting. Satoshi saw bitcoin taking hold as a way to trade other Internet currencies like Liberty Reserve. Liberty reserve later shut down by the US. Satoshi had a mysterious leave of absence from bitcoin in 2010. Here, though it's noticed notably also short on details. This one I'll read.
Speaker A: I've also does that 2010 coincide with Hal Finney's illness?
Speaker B: It may. Go take a look.
Speaker A: I'm gonna take a look.
Speaker B: We're doing some sleuthing live here. The quote says I've. Or the message says I've also been busy with other things for the last month and a half. I just now downloaded my emails since the beginning of April. Wow. Imagine that. I mostly have things sorted and should be back to bitcoin shortly. Glad you've been handling things in my absence. Congrats on your first transaction. This was intense. 2010. As I recall, the code was nearly ready for the .3 release. I think all it needed was a little testing time, blah blah blah. Technical stuff. Yeah. It was Satoshi who removed the language that bitcoin was anonymous from bitcoin.org dot. Interesting. He said it was worried that it made bitcoin sound shady.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's a good call.
Speaker B: Yeah. I don't know. This is pretty cool. So there were, you know, 120 pages of emails. That's where this came from, all this new information. Steve in the war room says that I have to 100% run the AI to figure out who Satoshi is. That's one of the ways they found the unabomber.
Speaker A: That is one of the ways they found the Unabomber.
Speaker B: They also asked Steve.
Speaker A: Steve. And references to the Unabomber is always funny. Tough. That's a tough one.
Speaker B: People don't know why that's funny. It's because they share the same last name. We're not insinuating that Steve is a bomber.
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: He could be a multiple bomber, not a unabomber. You know what I mean? Duo bomber.
Speaker B: But his. He mentions here his brother noticed certain faces, phrases in the manifesto like eat your cake and have it too. Yes, and have it too. Which is incorrect and something that he said. That's really funny. So, yeah, maybe labor is gonna give it away. Are any of these other suspects canadian?
Speaker A: I have to pull up the list of potential ones for me. I remember, like, when I first got into bitcoin and getting into like, who Satoshi was. I remember leaving every time thinking it was Hal Finney. It made the most sense right there was that like, harold Nakamoto guy or what? I forget. I forget. Like, Damien Nakamoto. Remember the, like the japanese guy that lived in, like.
Speaker B: Right. Well, the picture.
Speaker A: Yeah, like the picture of the guy. I forget.
Speaker B: The portrait of how of Satoshi. That's what everybody thinks he looks or he thought he looked like. I'm pretty sure the story of that was that that guy actually lived in Hal Finney's neighborhood or something.
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah, it was Dorian. Dorian. Satoshi Nakamoto was his name.
Speaker B: No, his name wasn't actually Satoshi Nakamoto. Yeah. Dorian Nakamoto, maybe.
Speaker A: Well, I'm pulling it up now.
Speaker B: I don't know. You tell me. But super interesting. I don't know. I saw this today and I thought it was pretty cool. The legend of Satoshi is always something that is interesting to me. What do you think about this new findings on Satoshi?
Speaker A: I love it. Anytime there's new findings on any kind of mystery and obviously this is a big, like you said at the kind of the start of the show, this is kind of like a conspiracy theory. It's a mystery that has yet to be proven. And when you get new information and this is, you said 120 pages of email, is that what you said?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Like that's a lot. That's what I mean. That's a lot of new information. So it's going to take some time to kind of decipher through everything. But, you know, it'll take us that much closer to, you know, to the real answer. Like, you know, we see it once in a while, but like Amelia Earhart, you know, once in a while you'll get like new information and obviously that's like 100 plus years old now, which is much, much more difficult to prove in this day. But like, we're only talking about 2000, 920 ten here. So this is like when we have an email, you know, an email chain that we can, that we can pull up and like you said, use AI to compare, you know, phrasing and manner of speech and stuff like that. This is, this is big. Like this is a big, this is, this is big stuff.
Speaker B: The, you know, we always thought it was how finny? Because of the fact that like, oh, fuck.
Speaker A: Craig Wright. Isn't Craig Wright australian dude?
Speaker B: I was just gonna say do you think Craig, I literally was waiting until after this comment, but I was gonna say do you think Craig Wright spells. It spells labor that way?
Speaker A: 100% he spells it that.
Speaker B: There's no doubt, almost, almost entirely fact that he would spell it that way. Right?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: What if he is? There's no way. There's just no way. Like the ego on Craig Wright would never allow, like, would never match these emails.
Speaker A: I agree.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Like the, the person writing those emails is a very measured, like, intel. Like, not that Craig Wright isn't intelligent. He's a doctor, if I'm not mistaken. But, like, there's a manner about him that doesn't coincide with what we're seeing from Craig Wright.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, he's a podiatrist, but whatever.
Speaker A: Is that better than a dentist?
Speaker B: I'm just kidding. I don't know. He's actually a podiatrist. But I do have to just go back for the age conversation. Steve threw up an amazing tweet that compares. That says that we're correct. 40 now looks very different than 40 in our last generation. And it compares Tom Brady at 43 years old and George Blanda at 43 years old. Look at what the two of them look like. Look how different.
Speaker A: George Bland as Muslim as a quarterback. Yeah, I mean, he looks like my grandfather does today.
Speaker B: He looks like a leather catcher's mitt.
Speaker A: That is, you know, that is. I push it down with some brown. That is hard drinking and hard smoking.
Speaker B: Definitely smoking.
Speaker A: I mean, we used to have athletes that would hack darts and just be absolutely shittered at every game. I think of Wade Boggs, Lawrence Taylor. Right. Oh, my goodness. Yeah. So I don't know what it is. Like, obviously, it's lifestyle. That being said, I mean, we're playing video games and, like, jamming uncrustables in our fucking gullets all the time. So, I mean, like, our lifestyle isn't that healthy, but I don't know what it is. But that has to be a little bit of it. Is the rampant alcoholism and smoking.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, I don't know, but. But what about the younger generation now? Like, what do they say?
Speaker A: I think they just been, like, I always thought that, like, our generation, like, we've gone through some, like, you know.
Speaker B: That should make us look older.
Speaker A: That's what I'm. That's what I'm saying. But, like, I don't know. Maybe it skips a generator. Maybe it's one of those, you know how they say things skip a generation?
Speaker B: Yeah, right.
Speaker A: That could be it. Like, I would like to see, like, our boomers. No, boomers are still pretty old. I don't know. Maybe we're just the lucky ones. Maybe we're just the true generation, the savior generation. I think that's what it is. We're going to save the world. I've always felt that way.
Speaker B: I mean, yeah, definitely that, right?
Speaker A: Yeah. I think our youth, we're going to outlive the Gen X and the Gen Z and save the world.
Speaker B: All right, so Satoshi. Well, we're gonna work on the Satoshi bot. We're gonna see if we can another.
Speaker A: Little, you know, another little hiccup in this is. What if. I don't have anybody's ever thrown this up. But what if Vitalik is Satoshi?
Speaker B: Is he old enough to be Satoshi?
Speaker A: He could. I mean, how old is he? How old is Vitalik?
Speaker B: I don't know, 2000? Look younger than 40, that's for sure.
Speaker A: He's. Oh, my God, do you know all this?
Speaker B: He's probably like 34.
Speaker A: He's 30.
Speaker B: 30.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Wow. Just, dude, imagine just like, first of all, imagine having that much. We entrust all of our net worth in that gentleman. Right? Number one, like, we've been, we've been.
Speaker A: He was 23, 24 when we started messing around with him.
Speaker B: Yeah. And look, I'll tell you right now.
Speaker A: It'S like Mister House.
Speaker B: I would, I would have put all of my money in much sooner if I knew he had a hog like that.
Speaker A: He went on, I don't know. Have you seen the disinformation he's been putting out there that he said it was like a USB cable?
Speaker B: Yeah. And then I made the joke. I made the joke that I have a micro USB cable.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's, uh. Yeah, that's quite the USB. That's a gen, that's a gen one USB plug right there.
Speaker B: Gen one.
Speaker A: That plugs into the back of the.
Speaker B: No, I don't think I. Dude, if he's 30, he can't.
Speaker A: No, exactly. No, you're right. He can't, because that would, that would put him at what, like 16. Yeah. 1516 years old.
Speaker B: Yeah, he's.
Speaker A: That doesn't work.
Speaker B: I mean, it. It definitely describes why he can't spell labor correctly, but.
Speaker A: Well, I was going to say he went to university in Canada, just from where I live.
Speaker B: All right. We're getting there, maybe.
Speaker A: Yep. So just, just something, just something to think about. I looked at Nick Zabo.
Speaker B: I was going to say, what's he. Where's he from?
Speaker A: He's, he's an american. I don't think he's, you know, University of Washington. It doesn't.
Speaker B: Does that one thing alone, the labor spelling, does that exclude it from being the american government or do you, you think that exactly what they. Exactly what they would want you to think.
Speaker A: Absolutely. That's some CIA black op stuff right there.
Speaker B: They're like, man, let's just, let's just totally throw them off the track and spell this in a really stupid way. But why don't we also talk about the color orange as being the great color for bitcoin?
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. And how my house is 4 meters high.
Speaker B: I wonder if he does mention any man. I'm, like, excited to see all of the. If I got those 120 pages. I'm trying to think through, like, the flow of what I would do to try to start. I would probably look for. I would probably ask the AI to read the document and find all the words in it that have un american spellings. Like, untraditional, like, american spellings. That might be a good place to start. Right? Like, and then imagine it gives you a list of.
Speaker A: Or as I. As the rest of the world would call it, traditional english spelling.
Speaker B: Is that what it is?
Speaker A: Just. Yeah, the right way. I like your wording better, you know, un American.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. All right, I got it. I see. I see what happened there, and I will correct that. Yes. Traditional English spelling. And see, I would have thought it was more like French American or French English, isn't it?
Speaker A: I think. Well, to be honest, I think a lot of, you know, traditional English and French share a lot of stuff, you know, through the. Through the centuries of marrying into each other, I think there's a lot of spillover.
Speaker B: I'm going, I'm trusting your judgment and opinion on this, as you are the learned doctor here, and I am not the. You know, you sent me a screenshot of you listening to his history podcasts the other day.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Which was with the quote of my roman empire.
Speaker A: It was a straight up homo erectus.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, that's right. That's what it was. It was. That's right. Yeah.
Speaker A: So good. It was. Ten out of ten would recommend.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So good.
Speaker B: Like, what do you learn on that kind of podcast?
Speaker A: What I love is, you know, I do a lot of, like, family tree stuff. And, like, you go back, you know, you go back to grandparents, your grandparents, you keep going back, and it gets.
Speaker B: You know, when you start companies, how many companies have your DNA?
Speaker A: Um, I don't know. It could be hundreds at this point.
Speaker B: Really?
Speaker A: I mean, I jerk off in a lot of restaurants.
Speaker B: Oh, my God, I walked right into that one, and I did not expect it. That one got me.
Speaker A: I did do a 23 andme.
Speaker B: That being said, well, that's kind of where they're going.
Speaker A: They said to spit in it, but I'm like, they want the good DNA.
Speaker B: Yeah. So you. So you sent them your poop instead. Oh, wait, that's Cola guard. That's it. Yeah, that's cologuard. What was I going to say? The. I bought my. My wife wanted a 23 andme, or, sorry, ancestry. I think she went with ancestry.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: And she wanted me to buy it for her for Christmas. And I had to, like, go through the dilemma of, like, should I actually buy her this? Because for me, I'm not. I'm nothing down with sending a company my DNA.
Speaker A: Oh, it's. It's definitely, like, that's the correct thought.
Speaker B: Right? And so, like, I had to decide if I was going to be, like, a jerk about it or not, and I ended up buying it for her, and she still hasn't used it, so.
Speaker A: Oh, that's good. I mean, that's win win.
Speaker B: Yeah, I guess. But, like, I mean, I don't care. I guess, like, it's not mine.
Speaker A: That's what. Honestly, that's what I come down to. I'm like. Like, I'm gonna fucking be dead in, like, 50 years.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, the problem is, like, they're gonna sell. They're gonna sell it. Like, 23 andme is gonna be a bankrupt company, and they're just gonna sell all of your DNA data.
Speaker A: Like, the real problem is if in the future, I commit a crime. Do you know what I'm saying? Like, that's.
Speaker B: Yeah, but, like, that's gonna happen anyway, right?
Speaker A: Like, I'm gonna get caught.
Speaker B: I'm not being surveilled on everything you do.
Speaker A: Yeah. Like, that's the real worry, is future crime stuff. But if I don't. If I cover my tracks and stay off the radar, I don't really care that much that 23, me has my DNA. But that all being said, I get excited when I just like, the history of, like, the human experience and Homo erectus specifically is very exciting because it's the longest human species to have lived. It lived about 1.8 million to about 2 million years worth of time, whereas us modern day homo sapiens have lived maybe 200 to 300,000 years total. So they're, like, ten times longer, which I think is super interesting.
Speaker B: We got a long way to go.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's very interesting. I get really. I get really excited.
Speaker B: What are they going to call the AI cyborg humans?
Speaker A: Well, that's. And honestly, it gets me thinking, right? Because, you know, you start thinking of, like, aliens and stuff like that, and we've. We've pondered this a little bit. Like, could aliens just be, like, future humans? Like, why do they have, like, when, you know, when they talk about.
Speaker B: Have we had that exact conversation on the show? Because randomly, one of my group chats yesterday went in on this topic, and so I'm now having, like, one of those, oh, I can't believe we just brought that up here without me.
Speaker A: I don't know if, like, we've outright said it, but it's definitely something I've thought of as, you know, the possibility of aliens being future humans or a future evolution of human. Right. Maybe not homo sapien, maybe homo alien. You know what I mean? Like a new. I level up, so to speak. Yeah, could be. It's interesting. It's interesting. But yeah, that's, that's what I listen to now. I'm currently listening to the. I've been, I've been interested in maybe going through all of the sacred holy books of the world. So I'm currently listening to the, what is it called? The bhava. Bhava. Bhavaga. Bhavagita. Like that. 1 second. I'll pull it up. So, yeah, bhavagita. It's very good.
Speaker B: I don't even know what those words are. What are you saying?
Speaker A: It's a, it's a ancient or, you know, it's a, it's a, for lack of a better term, it's like the hindu bible, but it's very good. More, more stories and stuff like that. Old, old stuff. Like thousands of years old.
Speaker B: I see.
Speaker A: But, yeah.
Speaker B: My next question to you was going to be, and you could throw this, this tweet up top. Next. Where can I bet on, where can I bet on the bit boy boxing match?
Speaker A: We haven't even discussed bit boy is of age. Satoshi, too, by the way, for the record.
Speaker B: Well, I mean, he's the savior that we're waiting for. He's, we have the ETF to think or to thank him for. He's the one that, that did it.
Speaker A: He did do it. Thank you. Bit boy.
Speaker B: Throw that tweet up there because just. Excellent. So I guess there, I guess bit boy is fighting in a karate match or a box.
Speaker A: Yeah, he. This has been discussed now for a little bit. I'm just pulling up now. Here it is owned by. Only larping.
Speaker B: It's just an epic.
Speaker A: It's such an amusing and amusing.
Speaker B: It is so amusing. I had two questions about this. One was, where can I bet on it?
Speaker A: I was going to ask you that same question, by the way. I thought you would have the betting.
Speaker B: I will find out by the end of next week. I will find a betting market, if it exists.
Speaker A: Maybe Jweb has an inside track, too. I'm not sure.
Speaker B: Maybe SX bet will put this market out for us and see maybe we can. I don't know. What's the line here? Do you think bit boy is a heavy underdog? I don't know who this person is.
Speaker A: I don't. I was going to say I don't know who that other person is myself.
Speaker B: I don't know if I care. Like, give me. Doesn't matter. Yeah, give me that guy.
Speaker A: That being said though.
Speaker B: Big boys got some dog in him.
Speaker A: No, it's just he just has that. Like, he's got that, you know, there's a certain, there's a certain segment of older white guys that just feel angered that they don't have the seventies and sixties lifestyle that their father had. There's a certain anger I see in his eyes.
Speaker B: Oh, holy shit. This is tonight.
Speaker A: Oh, is it tonight? Oh, my God. I heard it's gonna be streamed live.
Speaker B: I just posted the YouTube link. Karate combat 44 IFC live event. Bit boy versus more light. I don't know who that is, but it is happening tonight.
Speaker A: This is very exciting.
Speaker B: There's already 263 people waiting.
Speaker A: Really? Yeah, yeah, no, I'm gonna definitely watch this. I think. Look at the anchor in his eyes. I'm watching the. What do you call that when they, when they meet face to face like that?
Speaker B: The showdown. Stare down.
Speaker A: Stare down. Yeah. He has just so much, so much anger behind those eyes. The other guy, I don't know, he looks wiry. I'm always worried about a wiry fighter. I don't know if that's, if that.
Speaker B: Holds true in, like, mma, but this is karate.
Speaker A: Oh, it's. It's only going to be. To me, karate doesn't exist anymore. Everything is just mma.
Speaker B: I can't imagine bit boy is any good at karate.
Speaker A: I can't. I can't imagine he's any good at MMA either.
Speaker B: Yeah, but at least he's like, got a shot. If he could punch.
Speaker A: If you can punch. Correct. He's not as big as I thought he was going to be either. I don't know. I don't know. That other guy, the other guy. I'll put my money on pip boy.
Speaker B: Really? All right, let's actually let. Now that you're going to do this, let's throw something on it, right?
Speaker A: Yeah. I don't know a soul.
Speaker B: Drop us a comment on what our bet should be. J. Webb, what do you think we should put on the line here?
Speaker C: So first off, I believe the guy he is fighting is one of the devs behind ticker bitcoin. Uh, harry Potter, Obama, Sonic, ten enu. Now that's.
Speaker B: That's what v two. V squared just said in our chat.
Speaker C: Yeah. So the question now becomes, who is smoking more meth before they go into the ring? Because that person is going to be the heavy favorite. You know, we know that. We know that the. The ticker Bitcoin guy famously has videos of smoking meth when that token first dropped. And, I mean, let's be honest, bitboy is going to be on something. So whoever is on the, you know, the higher dose of uppers is who's going to be, you know, having the advantage. I don't think they're drug testing before they go out there. I mean, look at that cannabis. The look in bit boys eyes. Like, he just did a bump before he walked out for the. For the face off there. So who the fuck knows, man?
Speaker B: No, they are doing. They are doing drug testing, but you just have to be on drugs. That's the test. Oh, that's the requirements. Yeah. You're not allowed to fight between.
Speaker C: They have to, like, hit a meth pipe between rounds. If they make it past the first round, like.
Speaker B: Yeah, v squared in our chat says, pretty sure it's the dev for Harry Potter, blah, blah, blah, sonic, you know, so I think we're confirmed there. We have got two credible sources.
Speaker A: This is going to be terrific.
Speaker C: I would bet against it. Boy, he looked a lot more shook than the other guy. He has that confidence about him. He's just kind of laughing, like, I'm going to fuck this guy up kind of confidence. And bit boy looks like he's kind of pissing down his leg.
Speaker B: Yeah, bitcoin. Bit boy looks like he's trying to be scary and trying to be intense, and the other guy's just like, really like the. Now, the question I had for you, Chambers, if you got. If you were to showdown like this.
Speaker A: I would mess these two guys up. Like me against these two guys, I.
Speaker B: Would take me even in karate.
Speaker A: Like two on one. No, just like, just mma. Just. Just a.
Speaker B: So this goes back to your, your. You could beat Elon.
Speaker A: I could beat up Elon straight up for sure.
Speaker B: What was the. Yeah, but that wasn't the whole thing. It was like, you, elon and zuckerberg.
Speaker A: Zuck scares me. He's been.
Speaker B: I told you.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm with you. I'm swayed.
Speaker B: Zuck. Zuck. I don't think UFc fights and getting his merch passed around him not being included. Like, he's ready to snap somebody's neck. You know, that guy looks.
Speaker A: I'll mess somebody up. He does has a mandev as well.
Speaker B: No, but that wasn't actually my question, though. That wasn't gonna be my.
Speaker A: Okay, sorry.
Speaker B: My question was gonna be, if you're the guy in the mustache, if you're the year.
Speaker A: Yeah. Sombrero.
Speaker B: Yeah. You're the sonic dev.
Speaker A: Sonic Dev. Sorry, sorry.
Speaker B: You're sonic Dev. Bit boy comes up to you in the showdown like this and gets in your face with that level of intensity.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Do you kiss him?
Speaker A: I kiss him right on top of that.
Speaker B: Oh, dude. That's exactly what I was thinking. I would have probably even just went right for the lips and see what happened. Like, have the fight right there. That's what I would have done. I couldn't watch this without thinking, oh, I'd kiss him.
Speaker A: Yeah. Hundred percent.
Speaker B: And that just. And, you know, say what you want about that, but that's the thought I had is, like, I would 100% kiss this man right there and then, like, that would totally throw him off his entire game. And he wouldn't know what to do. He would probably try to fight you right there, and you. You might get them disqualified. Who knows?
Speaker A: I love.
Speaker B: That's definitely the play.
Speaker A: I love alternative intimidation. It's my favorite thing. I may have just coined that, but I think about J. Webb, you'll appreciate this one, too. I want to say six, seven years ago, when LeBron was still in Cleveland, I think it was his second stint in Cleveland, they were playing the Pacers and. What's his name?
Speaker C: Stevenson. When he blew in his ear.
Speaker A: When he blows.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. That was so good.
Speaker A: Was one. Like, they're just, you know, I think they're standing by the free throw line, just kind of having a quick breath. And it's Steven.
Speaker B: Who?
Speaker D: Lance Stevenson.
Speaker A: Lance Stevenson. Thank you. Thank you. Lance Stevenson. Just. Just gently just. It kills me. It kills me to this day.
Speaker B: V squared said that he read that the Harry Potter Sonic Inu Dev is big into brazilian jiu jitsu. So I think bit boy's got no shot here.
Speaker A: It's gonna. If bit boy has a shot, it's gonna be early. It's gonna be round one. I don't know if they're doing rounds.
Speaker B: Right after the first kiss, right?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Riggs, who you got? You got bit boy or you got Sonic inu dev?
Speaker D: Are you fucking kidding me? Do I have bit boy? Are you serious? I, like, I'm up here wanting to start taking some odds, like, that's what I'm talking about.
Speaker B: I would put this at, like, I mean -500 even, dude.
Speaker D: Easy, easy. Absolutely. I mean, here's the reality. And when you use that much energy to go up and pretend like you're a badass, you're fucked. You're absolutely fucked. Because let me tell you, if he doesn't, this is karate. So I don't think you're going to have, like, knockout punches, I don't think. At least they're probably going to have padded gloves on. Like, if bit boy doesn't get the first fucking punch, this other dude was just sitting there chilling, smiling.
Speaker B: Yeah, he's going to, like, he's caught.
Speaker D: He is going to wreck him.
Speaker B: This feels like McGregor Mayweather to me. Like. Like, you're gonna have bit boy just floundering out there.
Speaker D: It would be so good if he, like, makes them, like, just plays with them, makes them, like, trip all over himself, fall there. There are going to be opportunities for great content that comes from this. The memers J web. I better see some gifts that come from this. I've been disappointed. You know, you and I, we. I owe you a call soon anyways. We got to catch up. This may be the reason that brings.
Speaker B: Us back together, you guys, let me just tell you. I mean, maybe we should live stream this in the war room later. I feel like.
Speaker D: What time is it? What time is it?
Speaker B: I'm not sure.
Speaker D: I have told Jesse I'm taking her out to drinks. I'll get tipsy and get my ass back to the house. And it could be fun.
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker C: Put it on at the bar, have it be like the, the meme. Everyone makes it like the big tv at the bar, and it's just bit boy getting knocked the fuck out and everyone losing their shit.
Speaker B: This is too enjoyable to me.
Speaker A: 5 hours, by the way.
Speaker B: 5 hours. So about 1015.
Speaker D: Oh, yeah. I'll be back in time. I'll be probably drunk by then. But, you know, let's go.
Speaker B: I'm actually, if I. If I'm still awake. See, that's the difference, Riggs. I will be sleeping. I will definitely stream this in the war room because it's just a YouTube link, right?
Speaker D: Yeah, it should be just a YouTube link based on what I'm saying. Yeah, I mean, I say that, too. I'm old. Ten o'clock's late, bro. Like, I stayed up listening to Frank talk about nothing last night for some reason. What? That was just a total idiotic decision. So I'm tired, but I late.
Speaker B: Did that go? Was that the leap thing?
Speaker D: Yeah, man. It was 1208 when I finally said I'm done listening to this nonsense. Because literally there was nothing being said. Like it was Frank. Being charismatic, being frank. Right? It was all good. Nothing bad, just nothing of substance. I was like, what am I doing? I'm an idiot.
Speaker C: What am I doing with my life?
Speaker D: What am I doing with that moment? I'm like, I am just so stupid. Tomorrow's gonna be painful. And I knew I was going out tonight with Misses Riggs and now I just want to sit on my couch and be a lazy piece of shit.
Speaker B: But watch bit boy get his ass.
Speaker D: Exactly.
Speaker A: I mean, damn it, the more I watch this video, like, I think I've watched watch it 100 times now.
Speaker B: The more you want to kiss him.
Speaker A: A, the more I want to kiss him. But b, the more I'm giving the ocular pat down to the dev and yeah, he's like good shoulders. Like, I don't know, I think he. I think he mops them. But I will take bit boy.
Speaker B: Here's what I think. As the underdog bit boy is going to find some way to get in like a low blow, a blow blow about some kind of illegal, something illegal. He's. It's gonna end in either a DQ or no contest. And then he's gonna be like, Cassie's in the truck. And then he's got it. And then he's gonna run out of there.
Speaker D: Chamber. What are we taking, cuz? I'll put some money on this. Like, what do I heard you say one soul earlier, like, yeah, we do.
Speaker A: Like a mean.
Speaker D: Let's. I'm down. I'm down.
Speaker A: What about. I mean, you got it? Let's do some odds though.
Speaker D: I'm down. I'm down for some odds.
Speaker A: What.
Speaker D: Name them.
Speaker B: Like, I don't know. I think five. I think -500 is like too small of. I think it's. I think he's got to be like almost seven or eight or nine to one.
Speaker D: No, I mean, God dang, you're trying to take all my.
Speaker C: That's a bit much. That could be a. I mean, pit boy could throw a cheap shot out there. Like there. This is going to be like a no rules, no holes barred kind of a thing. We could see like always sunny million dollar baby episode where like cheap shots and breaks his neck on the fucking the ring stool.
Speaker B: Like, do you think five to one is fair?
Speaker A: I'm okay with five to one.
Speaker D: How about okay, I'm okay.
Speaker A: I pay 20 you pay 100.
Speaker D: I'm good with that.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's cool.
Speaker B: Me, I'm good with that. All right, we've got an official bet. We've got. We've got an official wager here. Five to one odds. So wait, you're. Who's taking bit boy in this?
Speaker A: I'll take bit boy.
Speaker B: You're taking bit boy?
Speaker A: Yeah, 100%. Five to one, for sure. Let's have some fun.
Speaker B: Cassie's in the truck.
Speaker A: I mean. I mean, you know, I have affiliation of Bibboy. He's my guy.
Speaker B: He.
Speaker A: I don't know if you know this or not. One of our first he would you.
Speaker B: Say, did he send you a happy birthday text?
Speaker A: No, not today. I'm sure he has in the past. But one of the first times we made a podcast, listen. Was a bit boy website list that we made as a rec podcast.
Speaker B: We did.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think we were like. Yeah, we were like in the. Yeah, we were top tender if we were like four or six or something.
Speaker B: Incredible.
Speaker A: Yeah. So he'll always, you know, you tell me I have a good podcast. You have a friend for life, so.
Speaker D: Well, you have a good podcast, chamber. Let me just tell you. I mean, I just want to put that out there. So I saw bit boy. So Bitboy showed up with fucking goody, obviously, at the pudgy Penguins event in Miami. I've already shared. I was very intoxicated at the pudgy Penguins event. Like who? I don't remember everything entirely, to be perfectly frank, but I do remember I was already drunk. I was running around. Goody grabs me, goes, do you want to meet big boy and take a photo and write to bit boyfriend? I go, I don't take photos with scumbags. And just kept moving. Like, screw bit boy is going to get wrecked, dude. I just can't wait. It's going to be amazing.
Speaker A: I feel like you're right, but, you know, I'm just hoping on hope that cocaine is a hell of a drug. You know what I mean?
Speaker D: It is a hell of a drug. We'll see.
Speaker B: I'm just excited to see who wins this bet because five to one is pretty good odds. Yeah, fair enough for you to take a bit boy flyer, right?
Speaker A: I agree. No, this is good stuff. This is good stuff.
Speaker B: We got one more thing that I want wanted to bring up today in the. In the AI world. Like the thing that blew my mind this week with AI chamber we were talking last week about. So this was cool. This one's cool. Throw this one up, Riggs. Might like this throw up two in the nest there that I think are cool. The, we were talking last week about the Gemini 1.5 and like, what that million token context window might lead to. And I think one of the things that we did not cover that also is super interesting from the Gemini perspective is that it's multimodal and accepts video input, which chat, GPT and OpenAI does not do yet. And the demos that I've seen with people using the video feature is crazy. Like, so I put two examples up that just kind of blew my mind. One is definitely, one's a novelty ish type of thing, but very useful. And the other one is just like, oh, I can't believe this is possible. The first is a tweet from McKay Wrigley. If you don't follow McKay Wrigley and you're into AI and seeing a bunch of cool experiments, definitely give him a follow. Super cool. But he says he recorded himself lifting weights. He fed the video to Gemini 1.5 pro and asked it to write JSON for each exercise's name, set, count, rep, count weight, and generate form critiques. It worked perfectly. Said to hook it up to a camera and text to speech. And you have an AI personal trainer. How crazy is that?
Speaker A: That is pretty awesome, right?
Speaker B: Like, that's wild stuff.
Speaker A: Can I get it to call me like a piece of shit?
Speaker B: Of course. You get it to do whatever you want. You get it to kiss you.
Speaker A: I like, I like this AI thing.
Speaker B: Yeah, the other one, the one that blew my mind. Like, this was the thing that got me thinking about video. And it's so obvious when you actually read it, you're like, oh, of course it can do that. But to see it in, like, in a demo is wild. Where. So this person, Petrono says, watch Gemini 1.5 pro collect. Oh, no, this isn't the one I was looking at, but this was cool too. He collected all his tweets from a video where he just scrolled through his feed and organized them into JSON format. And, oh, yeah, no, this was it. And so he, it basically turned it into a scraper. And then I saw another demo where the person recorded themselves using, just using their computer screen. So just like, hey, interacting with a website. So let's just say you're going to a website where you're going to buy groceries.
Speaker A: Home grown Simpson porn.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, homegrown Simpson stuff. You're going to homegrown simpsonstuff.com. and, you know, like, say you're going to go order Instacart.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: The guy. The guy took a video of his screen, fed it to Gemini 1.5 pro, and said, write me a code that will replicate everything I do on this screen. And it did it perfectly, or, like, on the second try. And then the guy basically now has a button to go and just replicate that whenever he wants. So, like, think about that in terms of, like, data collection or web scraping or anything like that. I mean, you don't need to know how to code to do any of this stuff anymore. And it's pretty friggin nuts. Like, I mean, the use cases of, like, video to understanding and unpackaging that to code or anything else is just insane to think about. And, like, this is, like, the worst it's gonna be, right?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Scary as shit.
Speaker A: The Zack Morris cell phone. Yeah, that's right.
Speaker B: This is the Zack Morris cell phone version of this stuff. And, I don't know, just continues to blow my mind. And so, like, all these, you know, the negatives about the Gemini stuff we were hearing last week, you know, now watching it, not even the negatives, it was just kind of overshadowed a little bit by the sora stuff. But now you actually see, like, the use cases, I think of this are much more impactful. They are getting slaughtered in the news for their image generator. Did you see. Did you see this?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: Their image generators, like, too woke. And you can ask it for a picture to generate an image of George Washington. And it'll give you, like, it will purposely give you, like, diverse George Washington's and not the one you're actually looking for. And somebody, like, uncovered the system prompt and it says, like, is that why.
Speaker A: Elon was tweeting about, like, oh, my God.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: What a dwarf.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. By the way, we're talking about the bit boy thing in the war room and cap with cap with the quote of the. Of the episode, bit boy. Bit boy with CTE is going to be wild.
Speaker A: Hey, speaking of cap, I think could. I think Cap could take care of these guys also. I feel like, does cap do any sort of, like, martial arts? I feel like if he doesn't, he should be, because I feel like that's his vibe.
Speaker B: I think. I think he could probably take at least bit boy. I don't know if the other guy's in the brazilian jiu jitsu. I'm not sure.
Speaker A: And for the record, V squared said, also red, he's a BJ dude or BJJ dude. I thought it was.
Speaker B: I had to decipher. I had to cipher that to brazilian jiu jitsu, because I did not know what it.
Speaker A: That's a finishing move right there, buddy.
Speaker B: You pay extra for that kind of action, cotton. That's going to do it for us. Chamber. I hope you have a wonderful, wonderful birthday. I hope your day, the rest of your day is fantastic. You know, nothing could top this off.
Speaker A: Rather than brazilian jiu jitsu with me tonight.
Speaker B: Well, I was going to say, I hope that you win your bitboy bet. Just because it's a nice little payday, even though I don't think that's going to happen.
Speaker A: But, no, I. It'll be worth it to fade if he just gets absolutely dusted.
Speaker B: This has been a very fun episode. Any parting words?
Speaker A: No. Yeah. I cherish youth. I think is the big takeaway. Cherish your youth.
Speaker B: Oh, God, dude, I don't. I still. I feel like I'm never gonna figure it out. Whatever.
Speaker A: Yeah, well, I don't know. I haven't figured it out yet. But all I know is, you know, it's very intimidating once you get into your forties.
Speaker B: Yeah. All right, well, that's going to do it for us. Don't forget, new schedule. Tuesdays and Fridays going forward. So no longer Mondays or Wednesday shows. Tuesdays and Fridays. So join us next Tuesday. Until next time, keep the mic hot.
