Speaker A: On today's show, will Ethereum dip below 1000? How will it affect nfts? Will ute's ever reveal? Let's get ready for week three of the NFL with draftkings and rainmakers. Here we go. Hello and welcome to the mint condition. I am bunch you alongside my esteemed colleagues and co host, chamber and Des Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker B: Doing pretty good today, man. I gotta tell you, I'm at maximum capacity today. Today was a full day, full of all sorts of stuff. It's my wife's birthday today. The fact that.
Speaker A: Happy birthday, happy birthday, misses chamber. You are. You are the rock that keeps my and chambers relationship together as well as your family. So thank you very much for existing. We appreciate you.
Speaker B: So, yeah, so we're going out. We're going to go for dinner after the show. So. She's very magnanimous and letting you know in letting me have a show today, I think, uh, I know if she was a podcaster and it was my birthday, no way. It's 100% me all day.
Speaker A: Now, I didn't realize this, um, but my wife. My wife.
Speaker B: My wife.
Speaker A: My wife and your wife have very, very similar birthdays. My wife's is, uh, was Sunday.
Speaker B: Oh, really?
Speaker A: Yeah. So look at that. We've got, uh.
Speaker B: Are we married to the same person? Maybe. Are we. Are we in a thruffle and we don't know about it?
Speaker A: Yeah, maybe. Des, when's your wife's birthday?
Speaker C: Uh, the throuple that's never met in their entire life.
Speaker A: That's just a. Guys, we, uh. We're the real thruffle. Yeah. When's your wife's birthday, Des?
Speaker C: Not until march. So I'm not in your throbble.
Speaker A: That stinks.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: But anyway, so, Des, how are you doing? We've heard how chambers doing. And happy birthday to misses chamber. What about you, Des?
Speaker C: I'm doing good. It's, um.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker C: It's a little bit of a dull week, I'd say. I don't know. We were trying to come up with topics for the show today and topics. But, you know, I did do a little bit research into the moma thing, and it's kind of interesting. So, you know, but I'm overall, I'm doing good.
Speaker A: Well, let's. Let's get into it. We're going to talk today about one. I'm going to learn what the moma is.
Speaker B: I know. I was going to say, I'm like. I think you mispronounced a word that.
Speaker A: I'm not familiar with, one, I'm going to learn about art. Two, we're going to talk about eth prices and what's going on right now. Three, we're going to talk some draftkings. Uh, we'll, we'll talk some, oh, we've got a draft today. We've got a, we've got a good draft, I think. Um, and then we've also got some defend that tweet that I've lined up and, and we're going to go. So let's, let's get into it here. But, uh, uh, you know, des, why don't you start us off with the moma thing? Because it's something that I actually wasn't even aware of until you just brought it up. So I would love to learn about what's going on there.
Speaker C: So you guys know what the MoMA.
Speaker B: Is, especially the museum of modern art.
Speaker C: Is that okay, my cultured people? Yeah. The Museum of Modern Art, the MoMA in New York is auctioning off a bunch of traditional in real life artwork valued up to about $70 million. Things include such as Picasso and some different headliner artists in the hopes of spending a lot of that for digital art in the form of NFT art and restructuring some, possibly doing a standing exhibit. So it's pretty crazy for things like Picasso's to go out the door and things like x copy and, yeah, peoples to come in.
Speaker B: So they're not, they're not nft ifying the Picassos. They're selling those to buy x copies. That's so degenerate, man. That's fantastic. That's what I, you know, you love.
Speaker C: To see that, for sure.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's super interesting, super bullish. And so did they, you mentioned, you know, people's x copies and the like, but did it mention in the article that that's specifically what they were looking for or what if not, like, what do you think? Obviously you think those are going to be bought, but like, what else you think they're looking for?
Speaker C: They actually didn't mention specific names, actually. I just threw in people there. I think they actually did mention maybe two things. It was ferocious. And, uh, and Xcopy. I think we're the two that.
Speaker B: I wonder if they mentioned anything about pecaroons is that's going to be in the portfolio.
Speaker C: Two options were ferocious. And, uh, and x copy.
Speaker A: Interesting. Well, I mean, I think that's super bullish. As I said before. I, I mean, there, it's, I mean, the art community, the NFT art community has to be over. The moon hearing this. Or it's like we've seen things with Sotheby's and Christie's and things like that. But, you know, those are auctions and this is, you know, making a pretty bold statement to sell off, you know, traditional art. They're, they're going reverse. They were auctioning off traditional art pieces to go and scoop up, you know, some of this digital art revolution that we're all part of. Steve wants to know how long before the moma gets rugged. MoMA's gonna go sign a bad transaction and get millions of x copies stolen from them. Well, you know, the moMA could actually just go recreate those x copies themselves now because they're all CCO, so maybe they shouldn't buy x copies. But we'll see. But yeah, I mean, that's awesome. Chamber, what are your thoughts? You're gonna sell them some pickering?
Speaker B: Absolutely. I still have a whole bunch of those.
Speaker A: You're really. You're kind of ruining my. Defend that tweet for later.
Speaker B: Oh, well, hey, don't, don't. There can never be too much pick a run talk on this show. No, but I have. I don't know about you guys. I have been, I was, I would say for the past, you know, month or two, I really haven't been, you know, buying nfts that much. But lately, I don't know, like lately I started getting the itch again, started picking up some stuff. Some of it I bought. I got into those coffins. What are they called? The coffins? There's like a thousand of them. They were kind of pumping the other day. They are called like the West 1 second. I'll get you the proper name for them. But they're unrevealed coffins at the moment. Thunder Valley, that's what they're called. There's only a thousand of them. They seem to be, you know, I think I bought the top of the unrevealed. So they're a bargain at this price at. .13 I also picked up some knights of Degen.
Speaker A: Oh, there you go.
Speaker B: They were at. They were at a .2 floor the other day. I thought there was some good value there. They always seem to be doing something. They announced something the other day, maybe yesterday, some sort of acquisition. I forget what it was, but yeah, like stuff like that. Obviously waiting for, you know, we talked about in the intro, waiting for that ute's reveal. I know Des has got some heavy bags, you know, sweating, hopefully getting a rare.
Speaker A: But Des, are you feeling about how you feeling about ute's, what you were sold prior to what it is now and how do you feel about where this is headed?
Speaker C: It's funny, I don't usually get caught up in emotion in these buys and into the hype cycles that much. But I'll admit there was a little bit of that with, with ute's and d gods and all that stuff. But you know, I still, I, despite his inexperience and youthfulness, I still like the, the head guy, Frank's, I don't know, vibe, you know, I sympathize with his position a little bit. And he seems pretty willing to be transparent. So I don't know. I'm in for what I'm in for and I'm going to see it through. So not, not getting the fud to scare me away.
Speaker A: I'm taking the opposite side of this. I'm taking the opposite side here. And I think it's bullshit, quite honestly. I think you were sold something. Not you, the collective, you were, you were sold this story about, oh, we're going to flip board apes. We're going to do x, y and z and just wait. All this week I'm going to have announcement after announcement. I'm tired of projects waiting for announcements. We're going to just come and blow your face off and silence and oh, a medium article in which I have to come out and say that the expectations are too much and blah, blah, blah. And I think that is a total cop out. And I, it actually makes me pretty upset, honestly. But so that's, that's my take on that. And the war room got in very very very.
Speaker B: I think Des quit also.
Speaker A: The war room got in a very heated debate on Saturday about this, uh, just ute's and, and Frank and uh, the whole thing in general.
Speaker B: Who was on the uh, who was on your side, who was on deside? Let's name some names.
Speaker A: I actually like, I missed out. I missed most of it myself. Um, but I feel like phonics would.
Speaker B: Be a sympathizer if I'm one in one corner.
Speaker A: You definitely had like Sugar Shane. Like Sugar Shane is pro pumping the bags.
Speaker B: Absolutely.
Speaker A: By the way, if you guys don't know who Suga Shane is, he is one of the hosts along with phonics and JP Kaz and Mizzle and TJ of probably the best show on DJ network, which is the NFT night shift. So definitely check that out if you haven't. It's, it's how we go to market, really. With all these pitches to sponsors, it's like, hey, have you ever heard of DJ network? It's the place that hosts the night shift. And it's a really good show how I pitch it.
Speaker B: It's the place that talks about the bags I buy two weeks before I buy them.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: I'm like, oh, they talked about this two weeks ago. Shit. I should have. I should have bought it, though.
Speaker A: Your exit liquidity forward chamber.
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker A: But, yeah. So in one corner, you had sugar Shane ready to fight for the d gods, for Frank, for Ute's. And then on the other side, you have our buddy. You have our buddy Steve of NFT bark, who. Who took the opposite side here.
Speaker B: That feels right.
Speaker A: Yeah, that. I mean, are you surprised at that at all?
Speaker B: No, I didn't think of that. But now that you say it, that makes a lot of sense.
Speaker A: Yeah, that fits. So. But, yeah, that's my take. But I get it. Like, I under, the problem I have is, like, this hype that he's trying to talk down is all self created, right?
Speaker B: Like, hundred percent.
Speaker A: The one that created.
Speaker B: See, I think my take on it somewhere kind of in the middle where I just think they.
Speaker A: We definitely.
Speaker B: Like, chamber better be on my side. If it's not, I'm done. I don't. But I just think there was just such an opportunity for them, and they just fumbled the bag massively. Like, it was so much. I, like, again, I don't know what kind of, you know. You know, if it was just a matter of putting out the. The, you know, the pfps, putting out the content, updating the met, the metadata, you know, is that all it was? Is that how far we were away from it just being a monster? You know what I mean? Like, is. Is it that hard to put together? Like, does it take this long to.
Speaker A: I don't know. I don't know all the details. I just know that, like, the hype that was created, that they're trying to build to downplay was all self inflicted.
Speaker B: Absolutely.
Speaker A: And.
Speaker B: And I think they've lost all the momentum now. Like, I don't know. Yeah, do reveal. Like, who gives a shit at this point?
Speaker A: You know, I mean, well, that does. That other is back. Usually this is me having this issue, and I do not envy anyone else having these issues. It's. It's very.
Speaker B: We've all. We've all gone through them.
Speaker A: It's very frustrating.
Speaker B: It's happened to me. It's happened a bunch.
Speaker A: Bushimono says under hype, over deliver is the strategy. They overhyped and under delivered. Honestly surprised the floor hasn't fallen more.
Speaker B: I think I'm actually quite surprised that, too.
Speaker A: That's, that's, that's what's it sitting at.
Speaker B: Right now, about like 120? Yeah. 127, I think.
Speaker A: Yeah. Which is actually still pretty strong.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: But I could talk about something that I bought this week that was very fun and I'm having a great time with. Have you, Des, speaking of art, have we seen, have we seen the stoics by Gabe Weiss, by who describes.
Speaker B: Who'S the art, who's the artist?
Speaker C: It's hard to tell what's rare. Instead.
Speaker A: Oh, he's toast.
Speaker B: Just terrible. Just.
Speaker A: He's toast.
Speaker B: He's got the dial up connection, I think today.
Speaker A: That's it. He's gone. All right, let's talk about, let's talk about this.
Speaker B: Sorry. Gabe Weiss.
Speaker A: Yeah, Gabe Weiss.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: So you chamber, if you have not heard of Gabe wise. I know, being part of the DJ.
Speaker B: Network, I'm very aware of them.
Speaker A: I'm aware you had to have been living under a rock. So that was a facetious who I am guessing, right?
Speaker B: No, no. You said it so fast. Honestly, it sounded like gay boys. And I'm like, that can't, that can't be the name of.
Speaker A: Gabriel J. Weiss.
Speaker B: Gotcha.
Speaker A: So are you familiar with the.
Speaker B: Yeah. So he, he was at, um. He was the gentleman, uh, creating one of one art at, I want to say, nft NYC or. Oh, there it is right there. Was it, was it vcon?
Speaker A: Maybe my ears from VCon. Yeah. Uh, Roman says that's his favorite artist. In other words. In other news, Roman has been arrested and alpha afternoons will no longer be on the network. But, yeah, so the, the Stoics was a project by Gabe. This has been a very fun experience. So first, if you haven't, if you don't know what I just held up, he was at the conferences and he was hand drawing these, one of ones on his kind of stoic posters here. Right. Hyping up his, his mint. Right. But the idea was if you had one of these, you were auto allow listed, which was very cool. And then if you held any of his other pieces, you were allowed as well. So the mint happened a week or so ago, I think, and they just started revealing yesterday. But I thought what he did was a very, very cool way to do these reveals. So at first he revealed all the art. Right. And no, no traits as far as, like, what was rare and what was it. Right. So he, so people were buying and selling on the secondary, just based on the aesthetics, what they liked, which I thought was very cool. And then last night, they put out a thread on, like, what the different types of kind of characters or archetypes are in the art. And you kind of got a little bit of a picture of what was, you know, maybe more rare than others. And then throughout the day today, they've been doing a slow drip of traits kind of that are now showing in the metadata on what is more rare than others, which is very interesting. And I was very, very lucky, and I pulled a one of one out of the collection, which is this right here.
Speaker B: That's wild. Is that your first one of one?
Speaker A: It is, actually. And what's actually, what's super cool about this one if I can get it to work on the screen? So this is actually. It doesn't look like it's going to cooperate with me sharing the screen, but it's actually animated. It's the collaboration that he did with logic, which is very cool. So I was able to pull a one of one here from this collection.
Speaker B: Which was that you have listed for 19 Ethan paper.
Speaker A: I originally had it for 69 ETH and then for 2069, and it hasn't sold at either of those spots yet. So we're waiting to see. But, des, we got you back. Now, are you involved? Did you get involved with the stoics?
Speaker C: I didn't, but I was super excited for you finding out that you minted that one of one. Yeah, man, I hope you get an amazing sale. And, you know, these are my other.
Speaker A: Stoics down here, which are very cool, this owl. And then I got these three.
Speaker C: I like the owl a lot. Just does it. It has a very similar vibe to that old project, which I really loved, which was the superlative.
Speaker A: Superlative. Yes.
Speaker C: Yeah, I know. I just. I don't know. It's probably not something I'd have hanging up in my house, but as far.
Speaker A: As, see, I'm the opposite. I love these. Like, I'm already planning on, like, I'm redoing my basement, getting a new office, and I'm, like, planning to put these up on some digital frames. Yeah, exactly. So if you're a digital frame maker out there and you want to send me one, let's. Let's talk.
Speaker B: He'll promote it.
Speaker A: I absolutely will. I will. It'll be. It'll be all I talk about.
Speaker B: So, Des, have you ever got a one of one?
Speaker C: No, I've actually never really, like, had that Chris Jordan like crazy. I've minted a ton of stuff, obviously, but no, never, never.
Speaker B: I got one.
Speaker A: One of one just wasn't a picker.
Speaker B: No, I wish it was a picker. It was. It was. Honestly, it's the next best thing. It was a futter. I do. I did get a one of one fudder, and I honestly thought it was. I'm like, oh, this is gonna be. Buy me my next house. And. And it did not. It did not buy me my next house.
Speaker A: Are you still. Are you still a top footer holder?
Speaker B: Oh, I'm definitely like, top three, for sure. Yeah, maybe top two. Yeah. I haven't sold one. I've gifted some, but definitely not sold any.
Speaker A: Well, that's the futter way.
Speaker B: That is the fun away right to zero.
Speaker A: All right, let's talk about some of this other action we've seen in the market this week. Pretty good volume, I would say. I know. You know, Des, you said it's a big bear market this weekend. Feels like. But we saw some. Yeah, we saw some decent action, though. You know, yesterday, a bunch of yuga assets got swept. We see. This one is very interesting. Azuki is now back to a twelve floor. What are your thoughts on Azuki there, Des?
Speaker C: What was the news? Because I actually went searching for it for a quick minute, and then I couldn't find it, and so I gave up.
Speaker A: I'm not sure that there is official news yet, but what I have heard. What I have heard is that they might be putting together a big raise with news incoming. So maybe people are speculating on that or have heard some things or that's part of kind of what's happening with the raise, maybe. Who knows?
Speaker C: So funny, because all these big time projects are going through the raise, raise phase, and, you know, everyone gets really excited about it, but it's traditionally these massive raises don't end up. It's kind of a very, you know, buy the rumor, sell the news kind of thing. Just because you're not going to see the effect of that. You may never see the effect of that, but, you know, you're probably not going to see the effect as a holder and getting that use of that capital for. For many, many months. So it's super interesting. I don't know. We've seen it now with Hugo was kind of the first thing to kick off, but even pixel.
Speaker B: We got that drought. We got that California drought going.
Speaker A: Yeah, we had you for the most part on that. No, I agree. We had this conversation last week about what the impact of VC money is on holders. Right? So I think it remains to be seen. Obviously, it's a good thing for the space as a whole, for investors to come in and support these projects because it means they see there's value there. I don't. I'm still out on the fact that, like, I don't know where that value comes back to holders versus creating roi for a VC then. But we'll see. Um, you know, moonbirds still around 1011 eth. Um, and proof, this was interesting. Proof is under 40 eth. Have you seen that? What are your thoughts about proof lately?
Speaker B: Desert me. I got, I got lots. I got, I mean, I'll let the.
Speaker C: Bird holder go first.
Speaker B: I still feel pretty comfortable with, with moon birds as a, you know, as a PFP brand. I don't know. Proof is fine. I think we're just, you know, we just at a, at a place in the market that things are going to be, you know, things are going to be on sale, I think. Correct me if I'm wrong, proof, the proof pass has a very low supply, correct? Like a thousand, maybe.
Speaker A: Yeah. Proof is. Proof is a thousand.
Speaker B: Yeah. So, I mean, that says a lot right there. I mean, it's not going to take a ton to move the floor up. It's not going to take a lot to move the floor down either. Right. So if people are just looking for some, for some liquidity, you know, it doesn't shock me that we're at this price because I think at the tippy top, we were. Were we over 100? Over?
Speaker A: Dude, it was like 150, almost 40.
Speaker B: So I believe it's a. I mean, if you're looking to get in, I mean, I'm kind of looking to get into this price, sell a couple of birds.
Speaker A: Really? So you're, you're interested in buying a proof pass?
Speaker B: I would trade two birds, two rare birds for a proof pass if anybody's looking to sell me one. Yeah, I think that's fair.
Speaker A: Interesting. Well, I do think, like, you know, I think we've seen pretty clearly that proof is going to be the number one, you know, part of this ecosystem. So when you're taught, when you see Kevin rose tweet yesterday that he was up all night working on the tokenization, um, you know, that's. I, I would say the people who are going to get the most token benefit are proof holders. So, you know, I don't necessarily disagree with you. If I was trading, you know, 222 or three birds to get approved pass, you're probably going to come out on top. I would think, uh, maybe depending on where the floor price ends up being. But we'll see. But, you know, I don't know. Well, did you see that cool cats has named a new CEO today? Des, did you see that?
Speaker C: I did, yeah. There was some rumor that, you know, the new CEO is already on the.
Speaker B: Oh, really?
Speaker C: To sell it to Yuga. I think that was just.
Speaker A: Was that a troll I saw?
Speaker C: Completely unfounded. But yeah, regardless, that led me to see the new CEO appointment.
Speaker A: So, yeah, I. Yeah, I wasn't sure if that I saw that as well, but I'm pretty sure it was a troll. But yeah, this was a tweet from Lucky trader here. Is it on the screen?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: There you go.
Speaker C: Lucky Trader was part of that video, though, right? If I remember correctly, the other side one.
Speaker A: Yeah, they were, they, they were. It was like them. World of women, a couple others, but yeah. Cool cats has named Steven Teglis, formerly of Disney Recur and Warner Brothers, as the new CEO of cool cats. So very interesting. They're cool cats. Hopefully trying to right the ship. Their floor price at top was what, like 17 Eth? And they are now sitting around 2.8 e on the floor for cool cats. So what do you think? Cool cats ever see double digits? Eat again. Yes or no? Chamber?
Speaker B: No. I say no, Des.
Speaker C: In my heart of hearts, I hope it gets there because I think they've done a lot of things right in this space and just have not been rewarded for it. So, uh, but if. If I'm a betting man, it's a no.
Speaker B: I do get cool cats and doodles confused all the time. I don't know about you guys. Um, so I may be thinking of doodles, too. I know both are completely different, but in my mind, they're the same thing. Uh, but notable.
Speaker C: And I do not get doodles and cool cats confused, but.
Speaker B: Well, you guys are professional nft ers.
Speaker C: I'm.
Speaker B: I'm just some, you know.
Speaker A: Well, speaking of, actually, there's. This is, this is two. This is a good segue for the next thing that we can talk about. First, I need to know, I texted Des about this yesterday, but I need more talk on it. So we'll get there. But first, let's pay our bills here from our wonderful sponsor over at Draftkings. The next generation of fantasy football is here. DraftKings has released their first ever, ever digital card fantasy game Rainmakers football. A new way to get in on the action. Start building your fantasy football franchise with the only digital card fantasy game licensed by the NFLPA. Plus, everyone can get their first full roster starter pack for free playing Rainmakers is super simple. It's buy, sell, bid and win player cards of the biggest names in the game through regular drops, auctions, and actions on the Draftking marketplace. Craft lineups of athletes from your card collection to earn points for touchdowns, receptions and more, just like daily fantasy football. Des, how'd you do last week? Do you win anything?
Speaker C: No, I just won a ton of packs. Like very little cash.
Speaker A: I did decent. I had not as good as the prior week we won. I wondez 900 or 1200 or something like that. Last week I got, I hit for three or 400 and some packs, but mostly, mostly a down week. But I'm like loaded this week. Last week I felt like the slate was very difficult and it hindered me from playing like maximizing my lineups. But this week, watch out. But anyway, build your digital card franchise today and enter the free Rainmakers football contest all season long to compete for millions in prizes. Download the DraftKings fantasy app today and sign up with promo code degen. That's dgen. And click the Rainmaker's tile to opt in. Get ready for the latest drop and get your full first roster starter pack for free, plus play for millions in prizes all football season while you build the ultimate fantasy franchise with Rainmakers football. That's promo code D G E N. Build play win only at draftkings. Let's see if I could do this part. Contest entries dependent on game type and number of NFTs held eligibility restrictions applied void where privatization draftkings.com for details. There we go.
Speaker B: That's very good. That was a very professional read. Now, correct me if I'm wrong. I'm not in our discord, in the dj and discord. There's a separate channel for rainmaker stuff. Correct. Because I see that thing flying all the time. I don't know what's happening. Again. I'm not a big football guy. I actually, I don't think I have access. I've tried to participate in this, but I. Because I live in Ontario, you're excluded. It's, it's, they don't allow, they don't allow me to play in there legally. So I'm really, I'm really on the outside looking in on this. But is it, it's pretty hyped in there. I see. My notifications specifically for that rainmaker channel pop up pretty, pretty, pretty frequently.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's, it's, uh, it's been fun. So the reason I wanted to segue there, though, was because they have some very interesting contests this week that I want Des's, uh, take on. So they're doing, um. They're doing, like, a web three week, and they're giving away some very interesting prizes for contests. So let's go. So, like, if you're in the Rainmaker tier, which I am not, unfortunately, but you can see. Where am I looking here? Web three week three promo. You've got a crypto punk for first place in this process. And then you've got a board ape as first place in the Rainmaker tiers. Right now, there's 17 people in this contest for the ape. There's 19 people in the contest for the crypto punk. And so, like, when I'm thinking about, like, where to play my lineups this week, and so I have some legendary lineups that I can play, and we've got. So when you tear down the legendary. Their web three, week three prizes are a doodle. So that was my. My big tie in. 13 lineups. A so not a.
Speaker B: Not a cool cat.
Speaker A: A cool cat further down the line.
Speaker B: Oh, do they do that?
Speaker A: They do they. I think it's for the rare tier, I believe. So, week three, they're giving away a doodle, a gutter cat, and a me bit as your first prizes. And then so on down the line, the tiers. As the tiers get smaller, the NFT prize gets a little smaller, relatively. But so, like, I think cool cats for your elite level here. So you got your cool cat with 14 entries. Dickens will like this. I believe there's a crypto dick, but as one of the prizes as well. An invisible friend and a crypto dick, but there you go.
Speaker C: So I'm looking at the wallet that holds it. So we got a boic. We got a crypto punk, doodles, gutter cat, me bit, invisible friends, crypto dick, butt, cool cats, goblin town, dead fellas, mfers, lazy lions, and sup, ducks, and alien friends.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker A: Very interesting. So what's your take on, on these as prizes and how they're going about this? Sammy dub, correct me if I'm wrong. Doodles and cool cats are the same thing, right?
Speaker B: Sammy dove gets me.
Speaker A: Yeah. You think these one. One. Do you. Do you think these came directly out of Kalish's wallet?
Speaker C: I was looking at the history of the wallet just for that exact reason. They didn't. They actually have a separate account that purchased them.
Speaker A: Okay. Because I was going to say, if they're coming right out of Kalish's wallet, that's probably a bad thing for the platform as a whole, you know, meaning Kalish is like throwing stuff in to spice up the pot.
Speaker C: But wait, I mean, it's bad if founders use their own wallet to give out prizes.
Speaker A: If you, I'm just saying, like, in a, in a platform like this in which there's theoretically tons of money behind it and budgeted for it, the fact that somebody would have to sweeten the pot with their own supply is. It would be rough, I would think. Right. You know, instead of going out and purchasing these as a planned prize, you.
Speaker C: Know, I just don't think it moves the needle in any way. Like, I don't think there's a single person especially, I mean, this move would have been an okay move if they were accepting cryptocurrency.
Speaker B: That's a good.
Speaker C: Accepting cryptocurrency. This would have been a decent move. However, there's no way this moves the needle because there's not.
Speaker A: I love it. I actually think so. I'm not sure it's meant to move the needle as much as it is to experiment with maybe what kind of user base they have. I think they're probably trying to find out how big of a crossover they have with web three versus how big of a crossover they have with daily fantasy. And so, like, I actually, hero brings.
Speaker B: Up a good point here, too, kind of. To your point. I don't know if you saw that one.
Speaker A: Is it this one?
Speaker B: Yeah. Like, that's it is a good way to bring in, I think, to your point, kind of bring in those nfT people into rainmakers because do we know, like what the, well, that's what I mean.
Speaker A: I bet it's like a kind of trial and error on what maybe the split is, right?
Speaker B: Like, because we don't know what the split is, right.
Speaker A: No, but what I did see was I actually got a Facebook ad for this as well. And on the Facebook ad thing, it says that DraftKings will buy three more of the items for whichever one of these contests has the most entries. So they're trying to drum up some community aspects like they did with the goats thing that they did where they swept your goats floor does, which I do think is interesting because you, there's a lot of fantasy football players out there, there's a lot of web three potential crossover, and then you get some of these rabid communities involved and I think it's pretty interesting.
Speaker C: So I hate week on rabid.
Speaker A: Well, I think those goats, man, those guns like goats you got. You should probably go try to strike a deal for a little contest here, Des, I think, is what I'm saying.
Speaker C: Goats would shamelessly or shamefully sent them.
Speaker A: You sent the wallet a goat? Yeah. There you go. So maybe they'll have a goat as a prize for next week, and I'm.
Speaker B: Gonna send them a fudder.
Speaker A: You're telling me your community wouldn't go over there and grab some. Grab some action? I think they would. So. Okay, so this is the doodle. Oh, it's a post it doodle.
Speaker B: 1 second.
Speaker A: Yeah, they've got some cool stuff.
Speaker B: Des, can you dm me that wallet address? I'm gonna send them a fudder now.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. Yeah. They're gonna hate us.
Speaker C: It looks so in line. I'm not gonna lie. Like, the goat just belongs there.
Speaker A: Wait till we send them a djen pass.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's. That's the real alpha right there.
Speaker A: But the. So, but what I think is actually super interesting. If you're playing this, if you're listening to this show and you are a Rainmakers player, I think these contests are kind of no brainers. Do you, Des?
Speaker C: Oh, we talked about it yesterday. I mean, the.
Speaker A: We talked about it yesterday.
Speaker C: Value that they're giving these contests versus what they normally give away is at least three x, maybe five x.
Speaker A: And the player pool is probably going to be much smaller than some of these, like, fiat frenzy spots like you if you win a doodle. Right. What's the current floor on a doodle right now? Is it still, like, eight?
Speaker C: Yeah, it's, like, close to nine, I think.
Speaker A: So let's actually do the math on here for anybody who's listening to how place. So, 8.75. Right? So 8.75 at a current ETH price of 1300 is $11,375 to that top.
Speaker C: Prize last week in cash. So three x.
Speaker A: That's what I'm saying. So, like, if you're playing this, and I really. We really shouldn't be talking about this, because I want the overlay. I have a stacked lineup this week. In fact, I might just. I might flash my lineup to scare some people away.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: I want to hear, who do you have?
Speaker A: Okay, well, so here's what I'm going to do, because I want this doodle. So stay away from me is where this is going. We've got. Let's see. My current lineup I have entered into this contest is here. I've got Jamus as my quarterback, who's listed as questionable.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Paired with Chris Olave, who had 360 air yards last week. So that connection is coming.
Speaker C: That stack. Yeah.
Speaker A: And then I've got my legendary Jonathan Taylor, who's the superstar role. So, you know, there's only a certain amount of them. And did I tell you? I ripped a pack and pulled this legendary Aaron Jones. So I'm going to stack them both in this lineup and try to go super high floor with this little stack upside and then throw in Christian Kirk, who's been having a monster year so far. And that doodle is coming to me.
Speaker B: I don't see how it doesn't come to you.
Speaker A: That doodle is coming to me. We'll report back next week. You know, just send me the doodle. And if you want to send me a goat or a crypto dick, but or whatever, it's bunchard eat.
Speaker C: I'm just saying, since they have it in the wallet, just create a fourth Nft web three contest in core for a go. That's all I'm saying.
Speaker A: I think it's a great idea. But the but. So here's where phonics is, right. But this is where you have to evaluate the ev of, like, if are you playing plus EV contests or are you going for the lottery ticket? Elite fiat frenzy. Still one hundred k to first. And that's gonna draw the majority.
Speaker C: There's no chance.
Speaker A: What do you mean there's.
Speaker C: It's not one hundred k to first.
Speaker A: Yeah. Elite fiat frenzy every week. That's their biggest contest.
Speaker C: Is it their biggest contest? Okay. So it's just all. It's a bell curve for some reason.
Speaker A: It's the biggest contest. And that is the one. Yeah, that's the one. That's super interesting every week. So the fiat friendly prizes are actually.
Speaker C: Maybe the move that might have nobody in them.
Speaker A: Well, which would be cool cats. What were they? Cool cats. The dick butt and the invisible front. Yeah. So the. But that's super interesting because of that. Right. So, like, if you take the value of these other contests mixed or plus, right. You add in what a doodle is, is eleven grand, right at to the first place is essentially what you're giving there. And the idea that majority of these players are probably not the web three folks. Right. So, like, they don't see immediate value in winning a doodle. Or, I mean, an ape and a punk are more obvious, but like a doodle or a gutter cat or XYz, they probably don't see as much value in that. So you're going to have much smaller slates, I think. But that's my thoughts and probably enough draftkings, rainmakers talk. But that's my alpha for the week. But I just showed you my lineup, so don't. Don't come at me. Is I'm taking that doodle. I'm taking that doodle down. Des is gonna go spend the exact.
Speaker C: Same lineup with lower cereals just to screw you.
Speaker A: I'm gonna be so pissed. I'm gonna be so pissed. But anyway, so that I think those are very cool. Cool. For if you're. If you're in the web three space and, like, you have, like you, there's value there versus the other contests with the small prize pool, I think you be crazy not to play them for a lotto ticket, for sure. But anyway, shall we get to defend that tweet for the day?
Speaker B: Yeah, let's do it.
Speaker A: All right, do it.
Speaker B: The defense is not back, mo. Hey, just get our energy going at the defensive end.
Speaker A: This is our favorite segment. It is defend that tweet where I pick on chamber and we ask him what goes through his brain. Today's tweet came from. Today's tweet came at 256 on September 19. It got one retweet. Who's that brave soul? Ah, by our friend. I don't know how to pronounce this.
Speaker B: D'Artagnan, I think.
Speaker A: D'Artagnan, he's a good friend of the show and a friend of the podcast. He was the brave soul that retweeted this. The.
Speaker B: Massive nine likes.
Speaker A: Nine likes.
Speaker B: Nine massive, massive number.
Speaker A: Look at that. By some of our great listeners here, like norm the unicorn. That's. That's it. But here's the tweet. The tweet is we. This is. Was not rehearsed. You did not know I was picking this tweet, but you still decided to talk about pickeroons. So the tweet says. So there's these NFTs called pickeroons. And I've heard that pranks is in deep. If you're not committing 75% of your portfolio to this, you're doing nfts wrong. With the picture of Joaquin Phoenix as the Joker looks like he's.
Speaker B: It looks like he's having a cigarette.
Speaker A: Yeah. With somebody that looks kind of like you.
Speaker B: I think that's who told me to get into Pickering, actually.
Speaker A: So explain your thought process here and maybe for those who don't know, your love for Pickering.
Speaker B: I don't know if it's a love. It's more of a meme at this point. Yeah. I just love, you know, I love a good meme picture. Like a good this and this one. Made me laugh. So what I do is when I find this picture, I try to find something funny that I can use to compliment it. And I thought a good pick runes reference was apropos in this particular picture. So him explaining how pickaroons are going to be the next big thing, you know, it made me laugh, and I was hoping it would make other people laugh.
Speaker A: I can't believe that nobody brought up that. This guide actually does kind of look like it. Come on, tell me that's not.
Speaker B: It's true.
Speaker A: Like your cousin or something.
Speaker B: It might be. It might be. Yeah. It's pretty close.
Speaker A: Yeah. I wonder if there's any other good tweets you have. Probably not.
Speaker B: Probably not. Probably not. I got that one. Oh, that. That's a pretty funny. That one made me laugh.
Speaker A: This got a retweet, which is great. Let's see who retweeted this? Uh, I always like to see who. Oh, boots. Boots with the retweet. Also, nine likes seems to be your going average.
Speaker B: Yeah, nine. I feel like it's higher than it was a few months ago.
Speaker A: Yeah, like six. Yeah. See, you even got two replies on this. Oh, this is definitely a future meme. Look at you. Looks like he snorted his pregnant.
Speaker B: Yeah, he does look like my wife actually said, why does he look like that now? I did. I didn't have an answer for her.
Speaker A: I don't think Giselle does either. All I know is that, oh, look at this.
Speaker B: This was. Oh, yeah, this was breakfast pie the other day. Checked with Steve to see if it was, you know, if it counts as breakfast, because I know he has a real weird breakfast thing going for him.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's. It's tough, you know? Well, I don't think I said anything too.
Speaker A: Look at all the.
Speaker B: I know. I retweet.
Speaker A: I'm not original content.
Speaker B: I'm a team player. I like to. Oh, this one's good.
Speaker A: This one, I don't. I haven't watched this show, so I don't get it yet. But almost hitting that average of this one had nine or eight likes and one.
Speaker B: Okay, so pretty close. So this is from the show the bear, which is on FX, I believe it's if you like. I like anything to do with chefs. Yeah, I know. That one in a million really took a stab at me. I thought it was. I thought it was very. I thought it was a very good tweet. You.
Speaker A: This was a pity. You're funnier than this.
Speaker B: Wow, that really cut deep. One in a million. Really, really, really me up there. But yes, the bear. Highly recommend. Good show on effects. I'm almost done. The rehearsal, I think I have one episode.
Speaker A: I mean, incredible.
Speaker B: That's a tough show. I do recommend for any of you who, like, history of comedy, history of comedians. There was vice put out like a wrestling, like behind the dark side of the ring kind of thing a couple of years ago. That was really good. They did the same thing with comedy. So there's a dark side of comedy. I just watched the artie lang one.
Speaker A: Oh, you know what? I've seen that. I meant to watch it.
Speaker B: It's really, really good. It's really good. I had like, rose, there's a Roseanne show or Roseanne episode. Artie. Chris Farley. Um, you know, it's, it's, it's really good. But having us set up like this, I do feel like the arty of the group. Um.
Speaker A: You'Re definitely the artie of the group.
Speaker B: Yeah. So, uh, yeah, he's funny, but, you know, and he was, they were showing a picture of him, Norm MacDonald and Bob Saget. And my wife and I both looked at each other like, what are the odds that he outlived both Bob Saget and Norm MacDonald? Like, it's mind blowing. So highly recommend that.
Speaker C: But anyways, the only comedy I need in my life is watching bunch who slowly inch over to avoid.
Speaker A: I saw you laughing and I was.
Speaker C: Wondering if that's what it was in like ten minutes.
Speaker A: I was wondering if that's what you were laughing at, because I noticed myself doing it too.
Speaker B: When the sun shines, we know it's time for drafting. That's, that's how we know.
Speaker A: That's, that's absolutely true. We're about to get into that in just a second. I'm actually looking up.
Speaker C: I feel under prepared for this one.
Speaker B: I don't even know what we're drafting.
Speaker C: I'll be very honest.
Speaker B: But that's okay. That's, these make for the best drafts.
Speaker A: So last week we drafted Starbucks drinks, and if you remember, if not, here's the recap. I had pumpkin spice latte, nitro cold brew, pink drink, des had ice vanilla latte, London fog and JavaScript, frappuccino and chamber had caramel macchiato americano and dragon fruit, mango lemonade. And this was a close one. We had, it came down to the wire chamber. Just another third place finish.
Speaker B: I don't even know what I have to do anymore. Do I have to go full eight every single vote?
Speaker A: How is it even possible that you lose so many of these in such fantastic fashion. Des had the lead going into the final stretches there with 30, and he ended with 35%. 35.1% of the vote, and I took it home with 37.4, I think. Am I undefeated in these drafts so far that we feel like you have.
Speaker C: No. I took one down.
Speaker A: Oh, you took the PFp one down. That's right. Which was egregious, because you pandered.
Speaker C: I almost took that one down. You got your followers involved in this one, and they took it home.
Speaker A: I had to. I was getting. This was just.
Speaker B: You guys are just bodying me with your followers. It's upsetting. I need the fudders. Don't you know? We don't pump each other's bags online.
Speaker A: Today's gonna be an interesting one, because I don't think there are, like, there's a lot of ways we could go with this. There's gonna be a lot of differing opinions, and we'll see what. We'll see what the crowd likes. I'm not even quite sure. So what we're drafting today is, by the way, the way this works internally, behind the curtain is about five minutes before for the show. We say who won last week's draft, and that person is supposed to pick what we draft in the current episode. So five minutes before the show, I decided we are picking to draft best foods for a food fight. So we are going best foods for a food fight. Des, you asked an interesting question that we can either decide right now that we want to define a parameter on or not and let the people vote how they feel. Your question was, are we going for, like, most fun food fight foods, or are we going for blood? So, do we want to define that parameter, or do we want to.
Speaker B: I don't think we want to hurt. I feel like. I feel like the definition should be, like, best item of food to use in order to make it, you know, fun, like a good throwable, you know, like. Like paintball. We're not. We're not. We don't want to shoot each other with actual guns. We want to. We want to shoot each other with paintball guns. You know what I'm saying?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Norm says no one goes for blood in a food fight. I kind of want to change the. I kind of want to change this now because I want. Well, I mean, I'm going to pick hammers. Yes. That's good. All right, so, because I won last week, I will go. So what do we think the worst spot to draft is?
Speaker B: Is it third, or it doesn't matter. I've drafted in every spot.
Speaker C: This one doesn't matter as much.
Speaker A: Okay, so I'll go. I'll go last, I think. Chamber, you go first because last and whatever. All right, so you're on the clock. Chamber. What food are you taking with the.
Speaker B: So I just found out about this. Um, the first thing that come to my head, uh, was, uh, was oatmeal. I thought that would be a good seared oatmeal.
Speaker C: Smack.
Speaker B: Just like, you know, when it's thick, you can kind of, you can kind of mold it a little bit. I feel like it's got some velocity to it, and it's got some, you know, some splatter effect. Uh, oatmeal is my first pick.
Speaker A: Okay, I'm interesting.
Speaker C: I'm going.
Speaker A: I like the fact that you decide, you. You defined its strengths and weaknesses based on the first try to. Yeah, I think we should try to do that. So, des, you're up.
Speaker C: Kind of thought process, picking something with, like, a good amount of weight to it so you can get it pretty far. But the splatter effect is, is there, and then I think just the iconic. I'm gonna go with mashed potatoes.
Speaker A: This is a solid pick. That's where I was going. That's where I was going. If it was left on the board, I think it's a solid first choice. I'm going to go a little off the board here. I'm going to get creative, and I'm going to go with a carton of chocolate milk used as essentially a hand grenade. Right.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, I could see. I can see how that works.
Speaker A: Idea is crack it open behind the table, over the top, and it's chocolate milk because we're gonna get you dirty. Right. You wanna leave the stain that it's gonna have, you know, high splash radius. It'll. It could, you know, get multiple people at the same time. The, you know, the. The weakness would be that in the heat of battle, it does take some time to probably open. Right. To. To get it open.
Speaker B: I feel like you wouldn't even need to open it. I feel like, thrown with the right. You know, you'd have to get it.
Speaker A: Pretty high to just splash open by itself. But I see where you're coming from there, but, yeah. And then I guess for my second pick, I'm going to go, I guess, in the. In the same kind of vein of your first two. I'm going with spaghetti and sauce. It's like spaghetti, like classic. I think there's a lot you can do with. There's got some scatter shot, you know, capabilities here you can go. There's nothing really that's worth. I'm gonna go with dirty factor. Right. Like, I want to get you messy sauce and chocolate milk with, you know, some spaghetti to the face, I think gets the job done. Those are my first two.
Speaker B: Those are good. Those are good, too.
Speaker C: Those are great. I feel like we're all picking. I feel like we're all picking general theme.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think we are. Do we lose him completely?
Speaker A: Did we lose Des? For his second pick, I'm gonna pick one chocolate pudding.
Speaker C: Oh, pudding from Billy Matt.
Speaker A: Dang it. That's pretty good. That's very good.
Speaker C: I'm keeping it very goopy on my team.
Speaker A: Yeah, no. Is there any. Is there. Is there any concern that, you know, some of these foods are getting you dirty, which is kind of the thing you want to avoid with a chocolate pudding. You kind of have to either catapult that to stay dry. You're not fistfully chocolate pudding, but you could catapult it. I think you'd be in good shape there.
Speaker B: I'm imagining ourselves at a all you can eat buffet like in Vegas or something like this to provide with, you know, the maximum amount of food for this.
Speaker A: My venue, in my imagination, was just like old school lunch room with, like, the tables flipped up as barriers and things like that and hiding behind them. All right, chamber, you've got two to finish out your draft.
Speaker B: I'm going to go with chicken balls. Do you guys have chicken balls in the. Because it's these weird things. You guys have chicken balls in. In America? Correct. It's like a chinese food thing.
Speaker C: No, for real.
Speaker B: Oh, guys, chicken. It's weird. When we find out these little differences between Canada and the United States, you.
Speaker C: I'm not even sure they have chicken, bro.
Speaker B: Like, my mind is literally blown right now. All right, so I guess I'm. I'm gonna take chicken balls because it's a great, you know, this is. I'm gonna send you images of this, too, by the way, but they're just deep fried chicken, like, in ball form with a coating. They come in a sweet and sour sauce. They're delicious. Do you guys have egg rolls, right? You guys have egg rolls, right?
Speaker A: Yeah, we have.
Speaker B: I'm blown away by the fact you guys don't know what chicken balls are. Yo, there's. Those are two different things. All right, so I'm gonna go with chicken balls. And now I'm totally shook. I was gonna go, like, cottage cheese for my third one, which, again, now I'm questioning whether or not you guys know what that is. Is cottage cheese a thing in the United States?
Speaker A: I'm not a cottage guy.
Speaker C: We have cottages and we have cheese.
Speaker B: Do you not have both?
Speaker A: No. Yes, we do.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: Geeze. All right, so those are the, I feel, again, cottage. So chicken ball is basically a frickin deep fried chicken ball. Like, it's self. You know, the title describes it perfectly. And those would be optimal for hucking at people, you know, for maximum impact. And obviously cottage cheese is gross. I feel like there's a grossness factor to it. It's white. I'm sure it dries in a really weird way that would make it gross even grosser. Uh, so cottage cheese would be my third pick.
Speaker A: Okay, so wait, what's your, what's your three?
Speaker B: Oatmeal, cottage cheese, and chicken balls. And another. And another loss.
Speaker A: And another loss. All right, des, what's your, uh, what's your, what's your third here?
Speaker C: Before I break up again, I'm going comedic imagery effect, and I'm going the classic glizzy. I'm going a hot dog.
Speaker A: Oh, wow.
Speaker C: Throwing hot dogs, I think.
Speaker A: Any condiments on this?
Speaker B: I'll catch them.
Speaker C: There is some funny comedic stuff about getting a hot dog.
Speaker A: Any condiment covered in mustard, anything?
Speaker C: Little ketchup, a little. Little mustard, maybe a little relish. Yeah.
Speaker A: All right, so what are your three?
Speaker C: Mine are mashed potatoes. Snack pack. Chocolate pudding and the glizzy gobbler.
Speaker A: Strong, strong lineup. My first two were a carton of chocolate milk, then followed by the spaghetti and sauce. Spaghetti, yeah, the spaghetti and sauce and gravy.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah. My. My third choice is going to be raw eggs.
Speaker B: Oh, straight up raw eggs.
Speaker A: You.
Speaker C: You gave me shit about getting messy on chocolate pudding, and, you know, I'm throwing egg.
Speaker A: I'm throwing.
Speaker C: Oh, okay, sorry. I thought you meant like a. Okay, that's fine.
Speaker B: That's fine.
Speaker A: Like, an actual egg brings a raw egg to school. Who said we were in school? Chambers in a chinese buffet. There's plenty of. There's plenty of eggs in there. Canadian chinese chambers in a canadian chinese buffet with cottage cheese and who knows? Chicken balls.
Speaker B: Chicken balls and oatmeal.
Speaker C: I don't know why I just assumed this is a school.
Speaker A: Well, I said I pictured myself in a cafeteria, but it was not defined our venue. I think we're going to get some interesting poll results here. I don't know if there's a clear favorite. This could be chambers.
Speaker C: I think in most drafts, spaghetti would have gone number one. I think in real drafts, spaghetti. That's a great one. That's, that's a solid pick.
Speaker A: It fell to me a third, 4th overall because I didn't even take it with my first pick. But we'll see. I don't know that there might be some hot takes on this one. I feel like Steve might have some takes for coffee with captain tomorrow on this, this poll, but we'll see anyway. All right. That's going to do it for us. Chamber. Do you think you got any shot?
Speaker B: No. I'm so disheartened right now. I'm just. Yeah, yeah, we'll see what happens. But I'm not, I'm not holding too much hope out.
Speaker A: Well, we, I hope you do better than third this time. But we'll see.
Speaker B: I'll somehow get fourth.
Speaker A: There will probably be comment options better than your, your full draft.
Speaker B: 100%. Hundred.
Speaker A: And I'm sure we missed some, like, really obvious ones, but it's, you know, it is what it is. We only have three options and a limited amount of time, but that's going to do it for us today. Until next time. Time.
Speaker B: This episode is brought to you by Deegen Network, the only community based web three media network, bringing you the very best content in the NFT and cryptocurrency space. Please visit degen.net work and check out our other great shows. That's djen D g e dash n.net work. Welcome to the future.
