Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by Degen Network, the only community based web three media network bringing you the very best content in the NFT and cryptocurrency space. Please visit dgen.net work and check out our other great shows. That's dgen dgen.net work. Welcome to the future.
Speaker B: On today's show, ute's staking is live uniswap NFT platform and free money, airdrops, phantom wallet, block five, bankruptcy and more. Let's get to it. Hello and welcome to the mid condition. I am bunchu alongside my esteemed colleagues and co host, Chamber and Des Chamber. How you doing, buddy?
Speaker A: I'm doing pretty good, man. Yeah, it's been a day. You know how my day started. I actually. I completely forgot about this. You guys are both a couple of sports nuts. I am. I consider myself a very logical person. I don't play around in the fantastical, you know, I'm not. Besides Bigfoot and UFO's and all that other stuff that I delve into. But besides all that stuff, when it comes to sports, I've never been a real superstitious guy. I don't know about you bunch.
Speaker B: Just a little stitches.
Speaker A: Yeah, not mildly stitches. And a couple of years ago, after the Lakers won the title in Orlando, it wouldn't. Didn't have anything to do with the other, but I just trying to give you the timeline here. I had purchased some me undies. As podcast listeners, we're all suckers for a good commercial. And I picked up some me undies. And yeah, I got. I got this like mystery pack where they give you a bunch of different ones. You don't have to pay as much because it's frickin expensive. So you get the mystery ones, they just send you a bunch of whatever. And in this pack I got a pair of boxers that had four leaf clovers on them. And as a Laker fan, right, you.
Speaker B: Hate the four leaf.
Speaker A: I don't. I don't wear green. I do not wear green. But in my logical brain I thought, well, if it's just. If it's my underwear, I'm farting in it like it's getting the worst part of me. That's got to be like a positive. So anyways, if you haven't been following the Lakers, the last like twelve to 18 months have not been great. And I don't know exactly the timeline, but I feel the timeline coincides with this underwear purchase. So on Monday night. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. On Monday nights, the Lakers lost in atrocious fashion to Indiana Pacers buzzer beater at the end. They were up 17 going into the fourth quarter. It was terrible. So this morning, I threw those underwear in the garbage to try to break the curse. And now I'm just anticipating, like, a Russell Westbrook trade, some sort of positive momentum for my Lakers. Am I crazy? Is that over the top or. I'm trying to do it for science and have it on the record.
Speaker B: Sports superstition is real. I would say so. I think you, I mean, I think you played with fire, and I think you should expect a turnaround, at least. No, more like the bottom is in. I think literally the bottom is in on your play. So I think you're fair to expect upside from here.
Speaker A: Some positive results. Okay, good.
Speaker B: And, you know, JP Kaz asks two or says two questions here. One, does Des have a court date today? We'll get to Des in a second here. And two, we're two minutes in and we're talking about chambers undies. Already off the rails here today. But, Des, how are you doing? You, you're looking rather fly, I would say, for a white guy. Yeah, you're looking pretty fly for white guy.
Speaker C: That's generous.
Speaker B: Yeah. The, the people want to know where you're at.
Speaker C: Uh, well, I'm going to slowly leak information about where I'm at, and we'll see if we can figure out where, where I'm at by the end of the show. But, um, no, I do have a court date. It's with the DOJ, the Department of justice. I'm being deposed on the FTX, uh, investigation. So that's, that's my, uh, Wednesday today.
Speaker B: Des Brinkman fried. Yeah, I knew it. So I don't think, I don't think you're in Miami. So let's. We're gonna rule that one out, I think, right off the bat. But you could be in Miami.
Speaker A: But even if you airport me, I've been hearing a lot of, like, background. Like, there's people around. Yeah, there's, like, airport.
Speaker B: There's people right around. Like, right around it. So, I mean, I don't know.
Speaker A: Like, did they hear my underwear conversation like that, probably.
Speaker B: We've got a lot to get to today, first and foremost. Like, and subscribe to the video here. Sign up for the Degen Network newsletter. Goes out once a week full of awesome stuff. Hit up Degen.net work for the latest in all the NFT news and awesome opinion articles that we have. We had some awesome ones go out from Morgan in the last week about concert tickets and the whole Taylor Swift concert debacle. Check that out. Shout out to our other great content on the network. Every morning, Monday through Friday you can catch coffee with captain, with Chris and Steve, Mondays and Fridays, night shift with JP Kaz and the whole crew, Shane, Phonics, Mizzle, TJ. And then we've got newly on Mondays, the mint condition Monday edition Twitter spaces. We'll talk about that in a moment. Then we've got the airdrop sports report on Tuesdays, alpha afternoons, Wednesday or, sorry, Thursdays at four to 05:00 p.m. and then Friday mornings, be love and jouelzy, your home for awesome content all week. And again, TMC spaces. Now I'm in condition. Monday edition every Monday at 04:00 p.m. on Twitter. Gentlemen, we had our first one this past week, chamber. How do you think it went on a scale of one to ten?
Speaker A: I gotta tell you, you know, these shows, you know, we do, we do roughly an hour and it, and it feels like about an hour. When we plugged into the spaces on Monday, like, it felt like 15 minutes and we were done. It was very fast. It was riding the lightning. Is that first, that first hit of, what do they call that social audio. You get that coursing through your veins. Time flies, baby. It was, yeah, it was a great time we had. It couldn't have went any better, I don't think.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Besides our atrocious audio that we're hopefully going to rectify by next show. So, yeah.
Speaker B: JPK says solid, 6.9 out of ten. Thank you. That's all we can ask for. Des, what was your opinion on our first ever Twitter space?
Speaker C: It's better than a 4.20, you know, so that's, that's good. I appreciate it, JP. I, it exceeded all expectations. We got freaking Kevin D. Gods up on stage. I mean, it, it definitely was, was popping, especially for our first show, but we stand on the shoulders of giants, so shout out to CWC and Chris and Steve. But that was awesome, man.
Speaker B: Yeah. Looking forward to it. I agree. It was much, much easier to do. I feel like it was just more fun to interact with people live and, you know, I get tired of talking to you too.
Speaker A: I get it. I get it.
Speaker B: Des, shout out to the Starbucks cup. We are patiently awaiting the launch of Starbucks odyssey here in the next short while.
Speaker C: I'm just so glad that Starbucks is the official sponsor of Egen, about a quarter million dollars an episode, and I just wanted to give shout outs to them. Thanks for being the sponsor of Starbucks. Really looking forward to Odyssey.
Speaker A: Is he out of Starbucks?
Speaker B: Maybe. Maybe that is where he is. He's probably at a job interview that he's. He's probably down so bad. Down.
Speaker A: Yeah. It would be a McDonald's company bad.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Franchising this. That is. That is rough.
Speaker B: That's true. That's true. Yeah. But the first space went well. So, I mean, let's get right into. We have a lot to get to today. Shouts to our producer team that puts together this wonderful show, doc, for us. So let's get right into it here. We're going into our first segment of the day, and that is sus or bus. Susan, it gets me every time. Sus or bus is just.
Speaker C: I leave for a couple weeks and we have a suss or bus segment. That's just incredible.
Speaker B: It's fantastic.
Speaker A: It really stems from our interview with Joel, I think.
Speaker C: Oh, I listened to it. Believe it or not, I listened to it. Yes, it was a cringe words were the first nine minutes of that podcast, but I'm glad something good came out of it.
Speaker B: Look, we got a new segment out.
Speaker A: Of it, and I can all be tens.
Speaker B: So first up on sus or bus today is digidaigaku. Gabriel Labion announces the free Super bowl, or free mint Super bowl ad. So this is really interesting. So he's got this major announcement that came out today. Our Digidi Gaku Super bowl ad will feature the first free ever live mint on a tv commercial. Follow or viewed by over 50 million people and tens of millions of people online. They'll be giving away free digidagu dragon NFts. Everyone will have an opportunity to participate. You will not need to be whitelisted or have an opportunity to, or to have an opportunity. Here's what you need to do. Watch the Super bowl. See the Digi commercial, scan QR code and mint. Pretty interesting that the way he's going about this. We did see this teaser back a while a couple weeks ago when he teased that this was happening. Chamber, let's go to you first. Sus or bus.
Speaker A: I mean, the PFPs are super sus in my opinion. But that being said, like, if you're really into this, you're a little bit sus, in my opinion. Um, but I think it's. I think it's definitely bus like. It's like, that's cool that, you know, obviously it's Super bowl, you know, one of the biggest advertising days in North America. You know, you're going to have, like they said, tens of millions of people watching, participating, or, you know, at least watching in some way and just getting more and more, uh, you know, more and more impact from, like, uh, web three nft stuff, uh, which is hopefully, it's got to go better than last year's Super Bowl. I mean, last year Super bowl was, in retrospect, just terrible.
Speaker B: The top, I would say the.
Speaker A: The tippy. Tippy.
Speaker B: Everyone in the. Everyone in the FTX commercial is getting sued. The coinbase. The Coinbase, uh, QR code broke. Um, yeah, I don't remember what else there was, but it was, uh, it was pretty. It was the top for us. And now they'll all be dancing on our graves this year at the Super bowl. But I have a feeling this is not going to be well received by the general public. Des, what are your thoughts? Sus or bus?
Speaker C: It's definitely sus, but my diabolical mind was also thinking, what would it cost to slip in a commercial before digidai docu? That would be a scam. Like, it's a dirty wallet trainer, a wallet drainer site I guarantee would pay for itself. It's how many people are going to be connecting their wallets. Guarantee you that scam would work out. So hopefully, no one does that. But, you know, I still think it.
Speaker B: Susan, I'm going to go on the side of bus because I think it's cool that. I think it's cool that they're doing a interesting mechanic in at the Super Bowl. I think, you know, we've never seen something quite like that from a media scale perspective, so I think that's pretty cool. But I also agree with chamber that digitagu. Not really my thing. So I'm going. I'm going sus on that. But if, you know, I'm not here to yuck people's youngs, as Steve would say. So if you're.
Speaker A: It's a little suspicious to me, though. Stella, I'm going to yuck it a little bit.
Speaker B: There goes my camera. I've been on calls all day, so the camera finally died.
Speaker A: We're 17 minutes in.
Speaker B: That's okay.
Speaker C: Check it off. Your bingo card.
Speaker B: That's it. But all right, next on the Sus or bus yesterday is going down as the great doxing. We had. Two very prominent figures in the crypto and NFT space doxed themselves publicly yesterday. And the first one is frank from D gods and Ute's lore, finally doxxed himself, although not on his own volition. It sounds like even though he was planning to, it sounded like relatively soon. It was not on his own volition, but he did come out and docs yesterday, and quite honestly, has a super impressive background. So that's a interesting in and of itself. And the other big doxing yesterday was g money, the very famous for his crypto punk, eight and nine. Nine dac. Is that nine? I forget exactly what the collection is. Nine Dac, I think, is the clothing brand that he has. He's doing some really, really, really cool stuff at art Basel with some minting from the clothing line and stuff, which is really cool. So we got d, we got g money, and we got Frank from D gods and Ute's yesterday. Doxxing. Starting with you this time. Des suss or bus?
Speaker C: Oh, as a fellow docs founder, absolutely. It's. It's Bussin. I'm so happy for these two. For some reason, that's kind of what I pictured g money to look like. Not what I pictured. Geez, I keep saying Kevin now, but freaking Frank. Friggin Frank. That's. That's. That's. That's. That's awesome. I know. I'm happy for both those two doing some awesome stuff. Yeah. Great pedigrees all around, so super happy about it. And, yeah, it's busy. God, we got to change the segment. It sounds so bad.
Speaker A: Guys, come on. It's called bus. You don't have to say the full bus. And that's what really makes it cringe.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker B: It's busing. It's busing.
Speaker C: For those of us who knew before, like, three weeks ago, it's definitely busing.
Speaker A: I feel Des flexing on us.
Speaker B: Yeah, Des is very busted, and you and I are very sus. So. Well, it has to be bus because Sussin doesn't really work. So chamber sus or bus?
Speaker A: Um, no, totally bus. Um. I did think. I think I was getting G money confused. Is there a K money? Who's the guy that does the video?
Speaker B: K money? Does the videos. G money. Uh, g money, clothing.
Speaker A: I may have gotten them too confused. I'm like, I'm pretty sure he's already doxed.
Speaker C: I have a pretty funny interaction with K money at NYC. That was a good time. That was a good time.
Speaker A: So, yeah, no, I think it's. I think it's great. You know, there's so much. I think, you know, I don't know if you mentioned this, but Frank was on a spaces, and he was just saying the opportunities that were not available or that were restricted to him because of the facts, the fact that he wasn't doxxed. So there's, yeah, there's just more opportunities for that whole ecosystem now. I think with a docs team that real partners would want to deal with.
Speaker B: Not only that, but like, you know, the criticism before was, oh, undoxed founder, 23 year old kid. Like, how could we put any real, you know, trust behind the project? And then you actually see his background and you're like, oh, well, that's super, super, super impressive. And, and same with Kevin. And you're like, okay, well, now, narrative goes from inexperienced 23 year old to kind of this savant style expert like experience so far in his career. And people were digging it, right, like the floor price went from 128 on ute's to over 160 this morning and tubes went up to 250. So, like, I mean, people were, felt confident backing the team, I believe, as a result of that. And some of it comes from, you know, the stake in going live like we talked about on Monday, but, you know, kind of doing a little supply shop deal. But I think, you know, it definitely instilled some confidence in the team as a whole that maybe was like a soft spot to, like, prior. It was, it was one of the probably, you know, knocks on them prior, and I think that has totally been alleviated. So, Des, you agree with that take?
Speaker C: I do, 100%, yeah.
Speaker B: All right, let's get to the last sus or bus of the day so that Des can not have to do this segment anymore.
Speaker A: I just like the fact that he has to say bussin in some public.
Speaker B: Last one here. This is super interesting, and I think I know where we're going with this, but this is Metamask. The language in our privacy policy was updated on November 23. Nothing has changed in the way Metamask and Fira operate. However, this is the clarifying statement. But the, like, the whole hullabaloo earlier in the week was metamask, collecting your ip addresses via their link to infuria RPC. And people were all up in arms about this. It's, you know, a decentralized walleth. Getting your ip address is, you know, kind of a no no. But let's see if. Let's see what we say here. Chamber sus or bus.
Speaker A: So are they, this is a clarifying statement here. What am I? Or is it still kind of the same news, like nothing has really changed?
Speaker B: I don't think so.
Speaker A: Okay. So I would definitely say, um, I'm trying to, how do I word it? So basically, I don't think it's that big of a deal. So is that sus. You know, if they're.
Speaker B: No, that would be busted. Would that be busted? You're saying that them collecting your ip is cool?
Speaker A: I'm not saying that it's cool. What I'm saying is metamask has been very consistent with its reliability and performance for a very, very long time. And in the wake of what we've seen in other centralized exchanges and things of that nature, not the biggest deal, do you know what I'm saying? I think it's to get all worked up about it, whatever. I mean, yeah, sure, there's a fringe of the community that are insane when it comes to privacy and this and that, but they're probably the same people using VPN's. So if they're using a VPN, there's no issue whatsoever. So I don't know. I don't think it's that big of a deal.
Speaker B: Desert bus.
Speaker C: I'm gonna agree with chamber on here. I don't think it's that big of a deal. I'm gonna go. It's bus.
Speaker B: Interesting. I thought both of you would have gone the other way. I'm intrigued by that. I'll go. I'll go sus. I'll go sus on it. You know, it's. I don't know. I just don't think that there's a need for it. Like, what's the actual. What's the need to do it?
Speaker A: Is it to give it to the government so they can come and tax us?
Speaker B: Right. So that's us, right? Like, you know, you should be.
Speaker A: You should be paying your taxes anyways.
Speaker B: Well, that's fine, but, like, you know, I'll pay. Let me pay my taxes. You don't have to tell them about it. You know what I mean? Like, I'll. I'll handle it. Don't worry about it. I am a tax paying individual, so I got nothing to hide. Except I, you know the problem? I mean, if your wallet is linked to an IP address, somebody can ostensibly find out. Forget the government knowing that you're transacting. Somebody could find your house, right. And, like. Or find your approximate approximate location and put you at a potential security risk. So I'm going. I'm going to hard Sus on that.
Speaker A: Super sus. All right.
Speaker B: All right. That is our Sus or bus. We're going into our other segment for the day, and that is news or not the news. The news. Let's get to the news. So, des, do you feel similarly about news or not that you do, suss.
Speaker C: No, I feel great. And it's got your silky overtones that, uh, that does the audio. So I'm ready for news or not. Now, I'm usually, I'm a little bit of a grinch when it comes to news or not. I feel like I have a lot more nas to news. So hopefully, uh, hopefully we change that today.
Speaker B: Uh, I don't know. I don't know if you're gonna get that today, but let's see. We've got our first one of the day. We've talked about it, but it not on this show. Ute's staking is live. So some interesting things about this. There were some cool things that came out around. Well, one, it's. It's live. So you can go stake your ute's, but you're. It's kind of a unique thing here that they're doing. So you're staking your ute and you're earning ute's points. You earn one ute point for every minute you are staked. And there will be a rewards center. So they have talked about doing some, you know, biz dev around their rewards and what you can actually use those viewpoints for in the future, which I think is super interesting just from a kind of overall brand and ip play. I think it's interesting from a community play. Like this is something that I'm spending a lot of time thinking about. So it's right up my alley on and it made me kind of bullish on to see what they could do. But on top of that, there was some interesting, like staking tech mechanics here. Like the your staked NFT stays in your wallet. You can actually, I believe, sell the NFT with the points attached to it. So I think that's pretty cool. So that's going to create some kind of. Kind of tiered hierarchy as time goes on. Right. You'll have kind of these ute's with the most ute points probably selling for a premium versus the floor. So there's going to be some kind of price tier there that'll naturally develop. So all of those things are happening with ute's staking. And as we said, the floor price has gone up pretty significantly in the last week, both on tubes and ute's. We've talked a lot about Ute's already today. We're going to talk a little bit more about them later. It's the theme of the show today, but let's get to it. Chamber news or not?
Speaker A: Oh, it's definitely news. I've said a couple times now, you know, ute's, again, as I mentioned, the atmosphere right now in nfts and web three as a whole is. Is not great. And nothing, I would say in the last six months, maybe even a bit more, has really, you know, garnered any traction. And ute's has been, you know, besides, like a little hiccup between the vials and the. And the reveal, you know, a little bit of a delay there. I mean, they've, you know, they've done some good stuff, you know, and there's. There's talk of. There's all sorts of talk going on right now as far as development and chains and where, you know, we could see ute's in the future and then the doxing, now the staking on top of that. Hey, there he is. There's that beautiful man. Now we're talking staking, collecting points. You know, Des was talking frequent flyer miles or airplanes. I forget what he was talking about on our spaces with Kevin from ute's the other day. So I just don't know what I'll be going to be able to get with these points. I have three ute staking as we speak. The only thing I would say that it's missing is I just wish it would tally up my total points because I can't do math that well.
Speaker B: You mean all three of your youths combined?
Speaker A: Combined into one? Maybe they have that. I'm just not seeing it, but I cannot. I currently have. Each ute has 2688 points. So we're cooking. I can't wait to see what those rewards will be.
Speaker B: A date with Frank.
Speaker A: Oh, my good. Could you imagine? So hot.
Speaker B: Des, news or nothing.
Speaker C: I'll tell you what is sus. This podcast. No, it's definitely news. Super excited about it, obviously. Full disclosure. Huge bag holder, I guess. Abuse. So that has to be said. But I really do think it's awesome. I think the rewards points mechanism is actually pretty cool. Again, they just do stuff that's different, which I really appreciate. And I'm excited to see how it pans out and get a bank of youths points and see what we can buy and then, yeah, youth United Airline or however, I'm pretty excited about that. So, no, I think it's definitely news and I'm looking forward to it and seeing how everything kind of works out.
Speaker B: Do you get this reference, you two? I thought you guys are going to do this episode from a tub. JP Kettle says that's the.
Speaker A: I think the nifty. Was it the nifty?
Speaker B: The show that nifty alpha did a tub talk, which was super interesting. The.
Speaker A: That's way more sus.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, I said rub a dub dub 3d gens in a tub is what our segment will be called, and we're doing it next time.
Speaker A: We're gonna need a bigger tub.
Speaker B: Yeah, I was gonna say we're gonna have a hot tub. We're gonna need a hot tub.
Speaker C: Honestly, that might work. Me, I. That's the only room in the house that is still intact after the.
Speaker B: Is your hot tub room.
Speaker C: Yeah, that. Let's do it.
Speaker B: Breaking news. Des has a hot tub room.
Speaker A: Continuously flexing, just constantly flexing, wearing a.
Speaker B: Suit and talking about his private hot tub indoors.
Speaker C: Cold is the only jacket I had in my car. I got kicked out of my house because my. My podcast room got taken over by my daughter. So that is why I'm here. All looking, all fly.
Speaker A: She has a podcast room.
Speaker B: That's the same room as the hot tub room.
Speaker A: That's so sick.
Speaker B: Yeah. So we're going with news there. I think it is important to note that collectively, this podcast has, like, 21 youths. So just FYI, not financial advice, although we are fans of the project. So from one staking story to another, we go to ape coin staking. So this made some rounds over the past week since we've done our last show. This tweet comes from Horizon Labs ape staking update. Big thanks to the talented community devs for the improvements, blah, blah, blah. But the big thing that came from this Washington, the geo blocking news. And so this was the big story, basically, it says here on the geo blocking that United States combined with a bunch of other countries here, Canada, North Korea, Syria, Iran, Cuba, Russia and Crimea.
Speaker A: And Dansk, we really got lumped in with some winners there.
Speaker B: That's what I mean. And, like, so it's staking from the official staking website, apestake IO, or whatever it is, will not be available for basically North America. And that caused a lot of backlash around how this was executed, how it was communicated. Apecoin, official Twitter themselves, came out and did a little wink wink, nudge, nudge stake from the contract. We won't tell. And so that upset some people as well. Uh, chamber news or. Nah.
Speaker A: Um, yeah, this is definitely news. Uh, but not. Not in, in. Not in face value, more. So the fact that, you know, how they did this, uh, this was like a fright long weekend. I believe it was a long weekend news dump right before the weekend. Maybe a Friday evening news dump. And I don't. I don't like the way they did it, to be honest. You know, I'll take any opportunity to bag on Yuga that I can get. I don't like it, but you know, they came out, apparently they came out after and kind of like a wink wink nudge nudge. Like use a VPN.
Speaker B: Or stake right from the contract. Exactly.
Speaker A: Or stake right from the contract. Right. Exactly. So I don't know. They're, they're covering their asses. Um, you know, Yuga, Yuga fans will defend it to the death. Uh, but I don't know.
Speaker B: Are you, are Yuga homeboys were a little critical this week, so.
Speaker A: Oh no, they're rational individuals. I'm talking about the real, the real crazies. Um, but yeah, I know. I think, you know, it's, it's news.
Speaker B: You mean the one that you're going to scan, scan the wallet trainer Super bowl ad commercial?
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. Those, those guys.
Speaker B: All right, so you've got news, des news or not?
Speaker C: Yeah, I'm really struggling with this one. This one's like 50 50. I'm going to probably lean towards news. I think it should be expected. Right. Because you talk about all the regulation that's going on in the US, all the question marks like the moment you take a token into staking, you really kind of label it for sure 100% as a security because you're expecting that return on it. I don't know. I think it's, I think it's completely expected at this point for the US to be restricted for that. But how they rolled it out and how poorly they rolled it out, I would say that's the news part of it. So. Yeah, man, I'm super in agreement with chamber today.
Speaker B: Yeah, you guys are on the same page. Boshimanos regular listener friend of the show the communication sucked. No way around it. And I think that's what, what a lot of people were upset about. But I also think it is news in the sense that like, you know, they've got the SEC probe that's happening with Yuga and the fact that this is how they rolled it out, it basically says and sets the tone for what we should expect, not only with apecoin, but any project NFT projects that's going to be launching a fungible on chain token like this for staking. Right. Because you've got, you know, it's also why it's interesting that ute's is doing this on chain or off chain point system, which I think is, or actually are they on chain points? They're just are they on chain points or not? So the. Well, they're not a token, but are the points on chain?
Speaker C: I don't think so.
Speaker B: Interesting. I don't. I'm not sure. But either way, point being, I think you can expect this from a lot of different projects. I'd be concerned about proof token, honestly, if they're doing any, depending on the way that they intend to use it. Right. So it's not necessarily a red flag. However, if they're going to be offering a staking portion of this, which is already part of their project. Right. Like the birds are nested, they're staked. Might be something. Might be something to watch for or expect in the future.
Speaker C: Is Yuga gutter and moonbirds all using the same legal firm or is it just gutter?
Speaker B: It's definitely gutter. And Yuga Horizon has been like the go to for these clients.
Speaker C: Just never expect gang token then.
Speaker B: Yeah. Right. Well, that's never coming.
Speaker C: That is never coming. Yeah, that's crazy.
Speaker B: I agree. So I think we all say news on that one keeping.
Speaker C: Oops.
Speaker B: Hold on. I almost just left the show on accident. So thank God I didn't do that. That would have been a disaster. You two would have just like not known what to do. I don't know what's next.
Speaker C: Chamber and I enough credit pretty nicely.
Speaker B: Well, you would have just not really realized where we were in the news portions, I guess. We do have this wonderful show, doc, but chamber would have to go on the fly.
Speaker C: I would just sit and talk about Jenkins release today, which was pretty freaking awesome.
Speaker B: Oh, well, we can talk about that. That's not in our show, doc. But we'll get to that at the end of this segment then, because that came out this afternoon. So I would love to to hear your thoughts on that. For sure. Stay with ape. With the apes and Yuga, though we had the following day, they released information, or at least an announcement of. An announcement for the trial of Jimmy the monkey that will begin this Christmas. Des News or not.
Speaker C: Damn, I'm in a really good mood today. I'll go news. I'm excited to see what it is. I mean, they've kind of pulled off a Simpsons thing, which is funny. They may have predicted their own lawsuit, you know, well in advance, but I have a feeling that this is probably not anything to do with their sec investigation. But it is pretty funny. The trial begins. It's pretty on the nose, but I like it. I like it a lot. We'll see what it brings. It just invites so many questions. I have no idea how they're going to spin this into something cool, but.
Speaker B: They will chamber news.
Speaker A: No, no news. You know how I know? Because I didn't hear about this. This is the first time I'm hearing of it. So all those other ones I heard about, so not news because I didn't hear about it.
Speaker B: Fair. You're also not a yuga participant, though. Yeah, but the. I'm gonna go, man. I'm gonna go. Not news. But it's like 50 50 for me. What I think is not, what I think is interesting is that it's part of this roadmap that they launched like mid last year. So you people have been waiting for this almost all year. And so it's finally, you know, it leads to the thought that that roadmap that they were talking about that they presented is now a multi year roadmap. It's not a single year roadmap. So you can, can expect, you know, some gaps between these deliverables. I think also, I personally did not like that they just threw this on the back of the staking announcement. Basically, it felt, it was literally the next day. It felt like everybody was pissed. So they were like, hey, here's something good that we're going to announce of the announcement and to kind of shut you up. And so I didn't like that. So. But overall, I don't think it's news particularly. All right, we got a couple more here and then we will move on. I'm going to go with. Let's see. Let's go into this one here. Des News or nah. Time magazine president Keith Grossmande headed to Moon pay to head their enterprise division. News or not.
Speaker C: Well, I'm a little bit a hater of time. I feel like time was one of those people that kind of limped into the space off the backs of others. And I don't know if they ever did actually anything truly significant. I feel like they had the opportunity to now him leaving to go to Moonpay. Moon pay is another weird one. You know, they get really big headlines, but you know how it affects us on the day to day. You never really see, you know, they obviously helped onboard some big celebrities and some big purchases, but I don't, I don't know. I, I'm just going to be a hater and go, nah, it probably is a little bit of news, but I'm going to go.
Speaker B: Chamber.
Speaker A: I'm the same. I don't think this is news at all. I'm, I'm with Des like, you hear, the only time I hear of moon pay is, like, Paris Hilton and, like, Jimmy Fallon. Is that the same one I'm thinking of? Yeah, like, meh, no, thanks. I. That's the only time I hear of them. I don't. I don't know anybody that in my, like, real life that uses them. So you. Yeah. Not news. And who's this other guy? I don't know this other guy. What's he from? Who is he? Some nobody. No, not news.
Speaker B: No, but. All right, okay, we're going, we're going. Double nods on that one.
Speaker C: Moving our time, partnership and sponsorship.
Speaker A: Oh, time. Oh, time.
Speaker B: It's time.
Speaker A: I thought it was life. I got it confused with life.
Speaker B: All right. Yes. This one came out today or yesterday. I don't even know what day it is anymore. This came out yesterday. Phantom wallet. Coming soon as the wallet for everything, it announced that it is adding support for both Polygon and Ethereum networks. So you're going to be able to use the one wallet for all of these chains. Currently, it is only Solana based. Is this news or nah chamber?
Speaker A: I think so. I think it is. You know, to have. I think. I think the two most popular wallets are metamask and. And Phantom. And if you're telling me one of those two can support both, I could see. And honestly, Phantom, I don't, I don't mess around that much on soul, but from. For what I have done, it's really nice. It's a nice, it's a nice wallet. You can, you know, you can do all of your simple exchanging right on there. You know, the app works really well. I don't know. I could be. I could see myself migrating completely over to you just using Phantom.
Speaker B: Especially if they're tracking your IP 100%.
Speaker A: Is Phantom doing that? No, they're not doing that. Right?
Speaker B: I don't know. I'm not totally sure. Yeah.
Speaker A: Especially if meta, especially if metamorphosis.
Speaker B: I mean, they may use it, they may use inferior. Also, if they use inferior, they're probably tracking your ip. But Dez, news or not, it's definitely news.
Speaker C: It's a little scary news. I mean, just anecdotally, like, the security protocols to get into a phantom wallet seems a lot less or a lot more lax than metamask. Like, I don't know, I just seem to sign on to phantom a little too easy. Not too many approvals to be had there. But, you know, I mean, I think it's great. Phantom is a fantastic wallet, fantastic mobile app, honestly. So I think it's good. I hope they really tighten up that security. And like I said, it's just anecdotally, um, that I say that it probably.
Speaker A: Is great, but it just asked me to approve something. It asked me to approve something the other day. I just said, you cool? And I said, yeah, cool.
Speaker B: You're like, obviously I'm cool. Said sus or bus? And you're like, I'm definitely bus. Uh, jeez. Yeah, yeah. I think it's news. I think it's news because, you know, we metamask already has capabilities on multiple chains, but not. But they're all EVM compatible chains, right. So doing this crop fully cross chain, totally new l one in the same wallet, I think is really interesting and will probably get adopted pretty heavily, I would think, just because of their UI Ux. Really good. Next one here. And this one came today. NfTs live on Uniswap. Starting today, you can trade across major marketplaces to find more listings and better prices. They're also airdropping 5 million USDC to historical genie users and offering gas rebates to the first 22,000 buyers. News or not, Destin, this one's a tough one.
Speaker C: I did claim my free money today.
Speaker A: Did everybody get the same?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think everybody got $300.
Speaker C: As long as you were a genie user. Yeah, as long as you were a genie user. Thanks for the free money, but I'm gonna go. Nah, I just. There's not really much space for another marketplace right now. And I don't know. Uniswap is fine, but when you. Yeah, when you start talking about wallets, being able to do the swaps by themselves with the NFT, you know, wallet integration, I don't know, it's. I'm gonna go now. I could be wrong on that one, but I'm gonna go now.
Speaker B: Chamber. Did you say yes or no?
Speaker A: I'm reminded of a phrase my father would teach me as a young lad, and he always said, never shit where you eat. And I eat on uniswap and I shit in open sea.
Speaker B: In the open sea. Yeah, I've peed in the open sea before, but.
Speaker A: Oh, nothing better. Yeah, no, I like to keep. I use uniswap a lot, but I use it for finances, not my heroin addiction. That is nfTs. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I would like to keep them separated, as offspring said many years ago. That's too off. That's too offspring two off.
Speaker B: You're full of them today. Wow. You need to. You need to take a lap.
Speaker A: I don't like offspring.
Speaker B: You're on. Cool down. I think your takes are cool down. Today I'm gonna say news. I think I'm. I think I'm saying news. But for the sake of time, we'll move on because I want to cover the last one here that Des wanted to get to, which is also a great piece here, which is Jenkins the valet, announcing some interesting things here today. So without further ado, Jenkins is introducing you to jenkinspodcast.com, an amazing audio experience set in your favorite NFT communities. Support for holders of 100 plus NFT projects to turn their jpegs into characters just like me. Plus twelve preferred partner communities. So, Des, the goats were included here. So you twelve side partner communities, the writers room. Are we voting on our goblin town overlord? Gum? What? Bubblegum kids? Comms, sappy seals? Pixel vault? Pudgy penguins? Penelopes? I don't know what this one is. Goats and some others here. Des, tell us what you know about this. And is it news or not?
Speaker C: Well, it's definitely news. I mean, listen, goats being included as one of the twelve partners, huge win for our Goats community and really honestly honored to be a part of it. The real big news, though is the platform they built to do this, which is this kind of like open Wikipedia for nfts, for not just one NFT, but a ton of partnered nfts, I think like over a hundred different nfts. But basically it serves as you log in with your wallet, scans your wallet for identical identifiable tokens, and then you can add in like your storyline, your bio, different like little facts about your character and really build that story curation around your NFT. And then it's open and viewable and searchable by brands or companies that want to leverage IP and license these and then can set up that conversation between the owner and the who wants to license it. So that piece, I think is phenomenal because we've been talking about IP rights and especially with all the moonbird stuff like that is just a centralized hub now for a ton of entities and top nfts for people to go look to license. That's the real news part of it. I am so thankful for goats being included as part of the podcast, but honestly, their software that they built behind it is, is the real, very cool.
Speaker B: I'm going with news based on that exact same thing. I love that it fits for their vibe of their community and what they're focused on, which is that ip licensing and it's tech that doesn't exist. That's new. That people can build upon. I'm bullish chamber. I assume you're going to say the same thing.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, I just, like Jenkins has been nose to the grindstone since day one. They're just doing things all the time. You know, they had a roller coaster ride as far as price action on their actual NFT goes, which they skyrocketed out of, but, yeah, no, they're just always doing good stuff. So anytime I hear stuff about Jenkins, I'm always a fan because they're always doing good work.
Speaker B: Cool. I'm with you. That does it. For news or not, we're going to get to our draft here, and we talked about ute's a lot today. We're going to rile up the community a little bit, I think. And we are going to draft the top ute's traits. So we are going to draft the top ute's traits. What do we want our order to be here? Because I think. I think the order might be important today. Oh, chamber, you won. You won.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: So I go last now?
Speaker B: No, you go in the middle. The winner goes middle. So, des, you can go first or third, whichever kind of you.
Speaker C: I'll go first.
Speaker B: Okay. You're gonna go first. I will go third. So go ahead and start us off here. Hold on. I want to bring this on so we could take a look. I assume you're gonna know some of these, but if you need me to look anything up, I will do. So here.
Speaker C: Go to the. Go to the explorer. Actually, tab, it's a little bit. Yeah, leader tab. There you go. It's perfect. Okay, so that simplifies it pretty easily. I'm going to go with not the most valuable trait right now, but I said it yesterday. I said on a Monday on the podcast, but 100% going with the tyrite crown. Crowns are happening. Might be my favorite thing across all traits, all NFT collections. So, high rank crown. It is number one pick.
Speaker B: Damn. I knew you were going to go there, but you've left the door open here. So, chamber, what are you doing with your first pick?
Speaker A: So I actually, I only know the traits of my three youths. So I did see. I don't know what it's called. Is it, um. Is it a gold, that golden helmet? Oh, the shoei yeah, the shoei I'll go with that one.
Speaker C: Guzzler. The golden guzzler.
Speaker B: That's what's 24 karat gold shoey guzzler. So that's what you're going with?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: All right. So for my two, I'm gonna take the one you guys left me on the table. I will take the nouns, glasses I wear as my first pick, and then I will take the. I'm gonna do a shout out to my boys on the heat, the money band. So I'll go money band hat, or the money band, head gear, where I'm just trying to look for that. So I've got nouns, glasses, and the money, bandaid, uh, headwear. So those are my first two picks. Des, back to you?
Speaker C: No, it's back to chamber.
Speaker B: Oh, back to chamber. Sorry.
Speaker A: I'm gonna go with, uh, Frank headband.
Speaker B: That's a good one. That was my other option to go there. That was good.
Speaker C: All right, so that leaves it to me. From my last two picks, I'm really struggling with this. I'm gonna not go for, like, a super popular, but I would literally rock this hat if I had it or could buy it right now. But I'm going the down bad hat. It's one of my favorite traits, I think, probably across any collection. It's. It's phenomenally designed. It's. It's good. So I'm gonna go down bad hat, and then. Ooh, for my last one, this is. I gotta go my shoot. It's really tough. I'm gonna steal this one from Bunchu, even though he has just such a dope one. I'm gonna go the bear coat, just.
Speaker B: Because it has a nice.
Speaker C: Has a little bit of a bossy feel to it. Feel to it. I gotta go. I gotta go bare coat.
Speaker B: All right, so wait, what's your. So what's your whole team there?
Speaker A: So his whole team is crown hair.
Speaker C: And the down bad.
Speaker B: That's pretty good squad.
Speaker A: Hmm.
Speaker C: Hmm.
Speaker A: I think fudge. I think I'm gonna go. I'll tell you what, I like orange beanie. I don't know what it's called. I see it around. I see it. I see the kids wearing them. I see the ute's wearing them. I like orange.
Speaker B: Here it is. It's literally called the orange beanie.
Speaker A: Beautiful.
Speaker B: There you go.
Speaker A: I love it.
Speaker B: So what's your full squad?
Speaker A: Golden shoei I got Frank headband and orange beanie.
Speaker B: Okay. So, des, I was going to take the. I was going to take the down bad hat if it got to me. I had a feeling you were going there. You've got some. You've got a solid team here. I'm not a huge fan of the Mcute's polo, even though I know it's popular. I like the hazmat, but I think I'm actually gonna go with, oh, here was the money bands. The. I think I'm actually gonna go with, yeah, man. I'm actually between the cherry puffer or the one that I have the cream.
Speaker A: I like cream hoodie is nice.
Speaker C: If you want the votes, I'm gonna tell you to go cherry puffer. The puffer gang is quite strong.
Speaker A: Puffer gang is strong. Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah. All right. I think I'm going to go with the cherry puffer. Even though I really like the cream hoodie. The cream hoodie is definitely my favorite hoodie of all the hoodie traits. Next would be that, the hoodie, the one that actually says ute's on it. That's a good one, too. Some honorable mentions, but I'm going cherry puffer. So my three are nouns, glasses, cherry puffer, and money bands. Headgear. So we've got a strong chamber. You should pull. You should pull the pictures of each of these traits and put them in the poll for people, and we could get a little rivalry going intra the ute's community, so. And look at that. Right on time. I thought we were going to go long today, but we didn't. So, Des, is it finally time for you, ute, to reveal where you are?
Speaker C: I am at the wonderful office location from Starbucks, our sponsor for G Debt network.
Speaker B: Now, I do need to know why you're wearing a jacket. Like, what is the.
Speaker C: I'm literally pretty cold for southern California. It's, like, 57 degrees today, and it's the only jacket I had in the car, so.
Speaker B: But you're also wearing a collared shirt. Like, you. You're actually dressed up. You're. You're muted.
Speaker C: It's just a polo. And so it's nothing big.
Speaker B: It went together. You were too fancy for us with djing gear over here, like. But chamber has no sympathy for your cold temperature because he is in the great white north, and he.
Speaker A: I got rid of my underwear today. It's freezing outside.
Speaker B: And that brings it full circle. That's gonna do it for us. Don't forget to join us on Monday on Twitter spaces. We will be there four to 05:00 p.m. eastern time. Until next time, stay mint.
