Speaker A: Hey unchained listeners. As you know its hard keeping up with the fast paced world of crypto, so weve got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. youll get the latest crypto news in original articles from our reporters as well as summaries of other happenings in bullet points, plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. Its still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. hey everyone, my idea for this episode was that it would be a year in review with Chris, Berniske and Kobe, one that I expected to be a doozy after the many collapses of crypto endured in 2022. However, they ended up talking a fair bit about where the industry is going, which seemed an appropriate question for this soul searching moment in crypto. I hope you enjoy this, look back and look forward. A year from now we will find out whether the industry has not only learned, but incorporated the lessons of 2022. And now enjoy this conversation with Chris and Kobe. Hi everyone. Welcome to Unchained, your no hype resource for all things crypto. I'm your host, Laura Shin, author of the Cryptopians. I started covering crypto seven years ago and as a senior editor, Forbes was the first mainstream media reporter to cover cryptocurrency full time. This is the the December 20, 2022 episode of Unchained. In case you didn't know, every episode of Unchained is also available on YouTube. Go to YouTube.com c unchainedpodcast to subscribe. Defi Saver is an all in one management app for top lending protocols on Ethereum, such as Aave maker, liquite, and compound. They're best known for their one transaction rebalancing options and automated liquidation protection features, and you can check them out on Ethereum, arbitrum and optimism today. Chainalysis demystifies cryptocurrency by providing industry leading compliance, market intelligence and investigation support for all crypto assets. For organizations like Gemini, Crypto.com, and BlockFi, maximize your potential with the leading blockchain data platform by visiting chainalysis.com unchained. Minima is a new layer, one blockchain designed to run in full on a smartphone. Join over 300,000 minima node runners on the incentive program today to start earning every month until mainnet launch. Get your node set up at Minima global. Buy, earn and spend crypto on the crypto.com app. New users can enjoy zero credit card fees on crypto purchases in the first seven days. Download the crypto.com app and get $25 with the code Lora link in the description. Todays topic is 2022 year in review, or as ive been calling it, the crypto carnage of 2022. Here to discuss are Coby, crypto investor and host of up only, and Chris Berniske, partner at Placeholder Ventures. Welcome, Kobe and Chris.
Speaker B: Hello, mate.
Speaker C: Thanks, Laura.
Speaker B: Oh, Chris, who's lost my money this year, me or you?
Speaker C: We both lost, but we're both surviving.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's me then.
Speaker A: Well, the last time we had both of you on it was to talk about the crypto bear market, which at that time was just kind of starting. It's only been like about six months, which is kind of crazy to me because in that time, so by then, Terra Luna had already collapsed. But by then or since then, now we've seen additional collapses. We've seen an even bigger drawdown in prices that took us below the highs of even the previous cycle. We've seen additional falls from grace of previously lionized figures in the crypto community. So, as you guys are looking back on this year, what are your main takeaways?
Speaker C: Kobi?
Speaker B: I saw a tweet. It was a great tweet. I don't remember who it was from. Maybe thinking USD. And it just said crypto companies. Be like our CFO. Yeah, our chief fraud officer is the best. I think that sums up a little bit of 2022 for me. And, like, 2022, in summary, is also, like the hangover of 2021, right? So, like, people just borrowed a lot of stuff from the future that they have to pay back in 2022. I don't just mean, like, leverage, borrowing money and stuff. They, like, took shortcuts and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. So, yeah, I mean, it's been pretty brutal. And what's remarkable about it is how much of it was, like, just fraud. Not necessary. It wasn't. You know, some stuff is business practices that were either incompetent or really juiced to the max or whatever, but some of it was just theft, stealing non viable businesses using ponzi scheme type structures or fraud in order to turn something into a real business. And I think that is what is most disheartening or demotivating for me is like, we went through a lot of this kind of stuff in the last ten years, big blow up, big meltdowns, stuff going wrong, all hope being lost. But a lot of the time, it was because someone was hacked, someone made a mistake that they didn't intend to make, someone, you know, the Mount Gox, who knows what happened there. But I don't think Mark tried to steal anyone's money. He tried to cover up a hole and maybe made some bad decisions along the way. Bit for next was a big meltdown. It was just, you know, poorly configured bitgo or whatever it was. I can't remember which they managed to recover from. And this time around, it's like at least two of the big blow ups was just like, oh, yeah, we were trading with customer money and we lost it. It's just outright egregious fraud. So I think that is quite disheartening in a way that so much of the industry was just propped up by charlatans and confidence men and stuff. You can talk about also how it, on the flip side, is motivating for a lot of the core reasons a lot of us are here. Bitcoin remains unaffected, and a lot of the DeFi protocols still operating and were the first place loans were repaid, and in often cases, the only place loans were repaid. You can talk about the positive angles on this as well. I just want to dwell on the misery for a moment.
Speaker C: I'll counterbalance Cobie's misery, and I would carry on right where he left off, which is 2022 is the reminder year of why we're all here. And the truly decentralized protocols didn't skip a beat. Bitcoin kept producing blocks. Ethereum kept producing blocks. Ethereum went through a major upgrade this year. Then if you look at DeFi on Ethereum, as Kobe just pointed out, that protected consumers, those loans were repaid. There was no favorable treatment to anyone within any of the truly decentralized protocols. And that's exactly as it should be. And then what we're seeing is the fallout of people who got over their skis, who flew too close to the sun. I think that perhaps the thing that's most frustrating to me is that we as an industry allowed those people to rise to the positions they did. And in a Twitter space, as I did in the midst of the FTX fallout with Jesse Powell and Spencer Bogart, we were discussing the trickiness of when things are on the rise, like calling out these different folks, even if you have suspicions. And just to use Jesse's perspective for a moment, when he's running an exchange like Kraken, and he's got a competitor like FTX, and he's looking at those numbers and he's like, these numbers don't quite check out for me. If he voices that in that moment in time, people are going to be like, oh, you're such a sore loser. Go home. We don't want to hear from you. Right. And so the resistance that you're going to face from the masses when you're ahead of your time, or when you're right in a period where everyone's enthusiastic and you're exercising caution, that resistance is tough to persist through. And I think it silences a lot of people. And there's also the bystander effect, right, where, like, everyone's looking and everyone's like, well, surely if someone knows something's wrong, then someone will say something. But the less that anyone says something, or if no one says anything, then everyone may end up being silent. And there were some cautionary instances. And to crypto Twitter's credit, it did sniff out a lot of these collapses before the mainstream media did. I would say it went crypto Twitter, crypto native media, and then mainstream media, but it was too little, too late still to protect people. So overarchingly, the core systems are functioning as they should be functioning. I feel great about that. On the venture side, am seeing still a bunch of great teams that are building, that are raising capital, that are creating the systems that will excite people in the years to come. That hasn't changed. We got to get through this quagmire. We'll see what happens. Regulation wise, that's probably going to be the biggest thing we have to keep our eye on. To the downside over the next six to twelve months, I'd say. And I mean less downside, even market wise, but more industry wide. And this is more a us centric concern. So those would be some of my reflections.
Speaker A: Yeah. I think for me, one other lesson, which maybe Chris alluded to a little bit at the beginning, is that crypto sort of created its own little mini great financial crisis, or not so many, but one just for the crypto sector. And so it just goes back to the first block of the Genesis block, of the bitcoin blockchain. What Satoshi put in there, these centralized players, really caused a lot of the problem. And so, in a way, it feels to me like the community, hopefully, at least, will learn some of the or relearn some of the core principles of crypto and why at least a lot of the early people were trying to build this stuff right.
Speaker C: When we took it on the chin, we didn't get a bailout right. We're going through our own salvation arc here. And it's painful and it's a lot of volatility, but the systems are continuing without an infinite balance sheet propping it up.
Speaker A: Yeah, I definitely feel bad for all the retail people who definitely were hurt by all this. Earlier when you two were on the show, we were talking about what was then the coming bear market. Obviously we're still in this bear market. So I was curious to hear your takes on this particular moment right now of this bear market. How would you characterize where we are in the overall bear cycle?
Speaker C: I guess I can kick off. I will always lean more optimistic when we're this depressed. So my view is majority odds that the bottom is in. And so that would be eth in the mid eight hundred s and BTC in the mid 15 thousands. That said, I would expect a retest or a couple retests next year. I don't think next year's joyous year. I think next year is a grind with a fair amount of volatility. But so if we did have some pullbacks, I would expect retests. Potentially inflationary high risk assets bleed lower. If BTC is retesting that mid 15s low, I could see some of those assets making new lows. But that doesn't mean that I'm not prepared for a reality where I theres chaos in the traditional markets. S and P makes a new low for its own drawdown. And if things get really messy there, then im prepared to see BTC somewhere between ten to either retesting where it was or making a bit of a new low. Those would be, say, the two realities that I'm preparing for. But regardless of which of those happens, we will look back on this period as around the lows. This is where I think I see a lot of people on crypto Twitter get lost. Where they're like, oh, I'll buy when it's 50% lower. It's like, well, when you're 90% down and you're going to wait to buy when it's 50% lower, you'll save yourself 5% depending on where you took cash or if you did take profits last year. And so I am of the view that the biggest mistake that you can make in crypto is not buying enough or not buying at all. In these ranges. I'll tranche out and I'll continually buy. And I totally understand that. I have the privilege of managing a lot of capital for placeholder and myself personally. But like any amount of capital is very divisible and so long as you're disciplined with your tranches, you can consistently have bullets. And I would say you shouldn't run out of bullets to put into the market until there's a clear policy shift from the Fed which could be late next year. And so that's how I'm approaching things. And I would say that some people put too much weight into any single commentators ability to call the top or bottom and that includes me. Like, I'm by no means perfect in any of this and I don't consider myself a great trader. I'm a long term investor and so the way that I have succeeded through these cycles is just making sure that I that, and Kobe said this somewhere of like you got to make sure you keep paying attention. That's number one. So keep paying attention. And then number two, being disciplined and tranching out your capital so that you can always continue to buy each new like freak out point because you'll look back on the units of the assets that you accumulated at those points years from now and you'll be like, oh my God, I bought this amount of that asset for y dollars. Like that's crazy.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think that does happen. I think the counter argument to it is, so you're kind of saying like, look back. The people that bought bitcoin at 600, like they don't care. They bought it at 600 when they went to 300 in the like, you know, months following or whatever. And I think if you manage to hold through the 300, you look back and go, cool, I bought it 600. I'm the guy, look at me and you don't go, I could have bought it 300 and doubled, like, you know, doubled up one more time. But I do think the risk is, and it's, the thing I struggle with myself is that if you buy at 600, it goes to 300. When you're holding at 300 it feels very bad and it always looks bearish at the bottom, right? Always looks terrible. So if you're holding at 300, it looks like it's going to 250, it looks like it's going to 200, it looks like it's going to 150. You can buy at 600, be happy with yourself and then sell it 250. Be like, I need to get out of this and take a little break. And then it's back at 600 again. Are you going to rebuy your exposure? So I think at least for me personally, I find it so much easier to buy after the bottom than before the bottom. Once you go to 300 and it rebounds to 600, sure you missed the bottom, youre back at the price where you are happy to buy. But like you know thats kind of in the past. Things look a little bit better, you have some hope for the future again. You know its not in this like snowball running down the hill. I think its much easier for people to wait for that. Im allergic to sitting underwater in positions. I feel terrible. I feel like an idiot. It makes me unable to think rationally about whats happening to the market. So I don't mind not buying the bottom as long as I'm buying after the bottom. If I'm not buying the bottom before the bottom then I lose my sense of my ability to think clearly about stuff because I've already made terrible decisions for most people. I think they can just chill where we are in this bear market, dude, I don't know. Don't ask me. I don't really trade anymore and my only experience in the markets ever has been in crypto. I've never really done anything in any other market and I learned about crypto bitcoin in 2012 ish, maybe slightly before, slightly after. So my only experience has been in the last ten years of markets where every single market in the world went up in a straight line for a decade. Rates trended to zero and there was a couple of hiccups here and there where the markets maybe dipped once or twice. Traditional markets I mean, but everything else was a straight line upwards. Crypto went through these cycles that were very much powered by low interest rates, cash being trashed, nowhere for people to allocate capital and stuff like that. So honestly, I don't really know. We live in like economic circumstances that I've never experienced before and I do not understand the levers of in order to really make sense of them. So like every day it's like, oh, we've got the PPI, the CPI, the DNA, the BBC coming on and like they're just making them up. They're making up new ones, new numbers that so they can say it's bullish or bearish. I don't understand what any of them mean and I don't understand how they interact with each other and stuff like that. It's like everyone's losing their jobs, it's a recession apparently. That's bullish. That's great because then they're going to have to pump. Like, it doesn't make sense to me. I've never studied it I've never really thought about it in depth, so I don't really know if those circumstances were the same as the previous circumstances. I'll be raving bottoms in. It's like we're going to, eth's going to 3300 and whatever, but that's not really the case, right? Money is getting more and more expensive. It's not cheap anymore. Money is getting expensive. And you can sit on your capital and earn how much per year? Like 5% a year or something. You can just sit on your money. Cool. So I really, really, really have no idea. The most demotivating sort of picture I can put in my head is what the chart of the stock market looked like after the tech bubble in the year 2000. It topped in around the year 2000, and until 2009 it kind of went sideways and down just like a boring decade. And I think something like that kind of might make sense, right? If inflation is sticky, doesn't go straight back to 2%, sticks around, but not super high, but rates have to stay kind of high. Globalization is reversing, so you can't push rates too far down. All that stuff really changes the environment within which bitcoin and ethereum has existed and reduces a little bit of that yolo capitalism type investing style when people don't have that spare cash hanging around anymore. On the flip side, asset prices are still insane. Young people can't afford houses, so they have to go to push out of the risk curve in order to have hope of ever buying a house and stuff. So who knows, man? As I said, and hopefully you can understand from this monologue, I've got no idea.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think actually many of the experts don't either. It's just they have a lot fancier words to make it sound like they do. So let's now talk. We kind of alluded to this earlier, but I do want to make sure to specifically discuss what I believe is the biggest story not only of the year, but perhaps of crypto like over its entire history, which is obviously FTX and Alameda.
Speaker C: The biggest bad story?
Speaker A: Biggest bad story, yes.
Speaker C: Not the biggest good story.
Speaker A: Yeah. Well. Or biggest news story is another way to frame it.
Speaker B: Biggest bad story so far?
Speaker A: Oh, God. Yeah. Well, what's your take? And this is just a high level question, like, what are your takeaways? Or what do you. Yeah, what does. What are your main thoughts about what happened there?
Speaker C: Sam was a fraud. He ran a fraudulent company or system of companies. He abused a powerful technology. Often criminals are very early adopters of new technologies. Because they can run ahead of law enforcement's ability to monitor those technologies. I never invested or used or interfaced with Sam or any of his products. I think they were maybe in one or two rounds that we did. And this is where I carry some guilt. Like, it was well known that Alameda structurings were predatory. And so I was never part of a deal where Alameda structured something. Actually, I'm not sure that FTX or Alameda and placeholder ever co invested. I know we co invested once with three arrows, and that was in orca, the amm of Solana. But the reason I carry some guilt is because it was known that Alameda was predatory, and I didn't say enough. And so I'm shocked that it was such a house of cards. But I guess when I piece together the story, you know, you can connect the dots backwards. And really, I think it's a tale of someone who was bright and motivated, who was doing amphetamines and had some early success, broke a few rules, didn't get caught, and then it started to snowball, and I think it kind of all fed together with, like, the drugs, the money, the power, the sycophants and the rules or the laws that he was breaking or the scale in which he was breaking them just kept getting bigger and bigger and bigger, and he thought he could get away with it. I don't think he started off as a criminal mastermind. I think he ended up there through a series of unfortunately linked events.
Speaker B: Yeah. I don't know. I mean, the thing that's just crazy to me is over the last month or so, he's been doing all these Twitter spaces and podcasts and interviews and stuff, telling a story that the new FTX CEO, John whatever.
Speaker A: John Ray.
Speaker B: John Ray. Ray J just seems to be saying in, you know, in these filings is, like, so far away from being true that I can't really. I struggle to put myself in Sam's shoes or Sam's state of mind, where you would go around telling the story if it's like you're most months away from what actually happened, just becoming public, like, I don't really get it. It just makes me think he's, like, either delusional or pathological liardae. I don't really understand, like, him as a person whatsoever. I also find it crazy that they built the second or third highest volume exchange, which, from a product perspective, was one of the better ones, had its flaws, as most of them do. But that's the really hard bit. Building a consumer product that people like to use is really difficult, and then they just, like, threw fraud in with it. It's not even. It's like a profitable business, too. It's not like crypto exchanges don't make money, and they just did this, like, really, really, really unnecessary, egregious fraud. Like, I struggle to even think, like, what? I don't even understand the incentive structure there. Like, you build a business, it's worth $40 billion. Like, why do you need to steal customer deposits to make, what, another 5 billion, 10 billion? Like, you make an extra 10 billion for risking everything and life in jail. Or you can just run the exchange, not steal customer funds, and have a company worth 40 billion, and maybe you can say, okay, well, actually it wasn't worth 40 billion. They were using customer deposits to provide liquidity, making a better product. Which means FTX would not have been as successful as it was if they were not doing that. So maybe you can say that. I don't know if I buy it, but, yeah, I find the whole thing quite dismaying, honestly. Partially. I ran a podcast, and FTX was a sponsor of that podcast. We're getting in touch with the FTX estate to give all the money back, so we'll make a loss on that podcast. Thanks, Sam. When we were initially figuring out who could sponsor us, we had loads of these people reach out and make offers. And, you know, lots of it were much, much, much higher than what blockfolio, which was the original sponsor before FTX acquired it, and then subsequently FTX were willing to pay. And we said to ourselves, oh, we can't. Like, that company's like, they do this. That's kind of dodgy. They do this. It's kind of dodgy. FTX is a top two, three volume exchange, and they sponsor, like, mercedes and, you know, blah, blah, blah. And they have the biggest vc's in crypto that is much more reputable. So we'll go with that. And as you know, how that turned out. So I just find it sort of phenomenal that you can be in a position that has so much upside and you can just throw it all away with a really, really poor trade, like risk everything, risk 50 billion of equity for stealing 10 billion of customer deposits. Right. Yeah. But, you know, I don't know. I hope he spends life in jail, honestly.
Speaker A: Well, yeah, I think it's pretty likely at this point, so. And I'm sorry, by the way, about what happened with the sponsorship.
Speaker B: Oh, look, it's like, you know. Yeah, it's like, it's worse for people that trusted them because they listened to us, right? Like, we lent credibility to this thing that we thought was legitimate. But like, we don't need to sponsor money, right? We can give it back. We're in like a privileged position to be able to do that. But the sponsorship money wasn't very much. And like, what ads, like, not point, not, not, not, not, not, not, not, not $0.01 on the dollar for creditors. And like, yeah, we're not the people that deserve an apology, you know? Anyway, fuck Sam Bankman. Fried all my homies. Hate, hate Sam Bankman freedom.
Speaker A: Yeah, Chris alluded to this earlier, but I was curious to hear if you guys had any ideas on how to prevent this type of thing in the future. You kind of identified the problem earlier, Chris, but I don't know if either of you have thoughts on what the industry can do going forward.
Speaker C: Proof of reserves, definitely on the centralized exchange side, and as we're seeing with binance, one difficulty there is how do you account for liabilities and the audit firms that will do a good job of assuring people of the liabilities? So on the centralized exchange side, I think that needs to become an industry standard. And then I'm going to go back to the start of this podcast, which is, this will push more people to the decentralized alternatives you often have. The fall of one thing with the rise of another is not coincidental. It's mutually reinforcing. You see this with traditional structures and the upstarts traditional finance with DeFi. But I think we'll also start to see it with centralized exchanges versus dexs. And we've seen it in the on chain metrics. There's been a lot of movement to self custody into on chain alternatives because of FTX. That's ultimately a good thing. I think it also comes about during a bear market where builders are working on dexs that are going to have close to centralized exchange performance fees, user experience, but in a decentralized environment. Right? And so, like, you see Anatoly from Solana rallying the troops right now, where he really wants a Dex that is basically everything that FTX was for people, but in a decentralized format where you can see your positions on chain, you know, what your reserves are, you know, say the whole balance of the exchange. Like it is the dream we have pursued for a long time of an open and transparent organization. And that is totally possible. Like that is the substrate of blockchains, allow for that to be possible. It's just we're going through years of building layers of infrastructure to get there. Maybe Kobe disagrees, though.
Speaker A: Yeah, I saw he, and I was wondering too, because I was like, are block times fast enough for that? But anyway, what about you, Kobi?
Speaker B: Yeah. So like maybe you can maybe make it work on Solana, but then everyone's got to bridge everything over to Solana, right. And then you have bridge risk. And like, how do the bridges actually work in practice these days? They're just multi sigs to recover the funds until you get some better optimistic bridges or like client bridges or something in the future. But I've been thinking about this a lot. How do you remove the custody risk of an exchange like FTX? How do you have FTX or binance or whatever type experience without having to trust the CEO of that company? And then theres a second question, actually, do users even want that? Because theres tons of deposits in binance, right? Like theres how many bitcoin in theres like a million bitcoin or something in binance. And the centralized exchanges are often the biggest staking deposits to a lot of the networks. I think the only exception to this is like Cardano or something. But I dont really totally understand their staking because theres like a limit per pool or something. So users actually seem to kind of appreciate this banking type relationship with an exchange where they deposit and they go, cool, it's safe in there. Self custody is hard. So do users generally even want it? Maybe they will over the long term. So let's put that question to aside and just say I want it, and we on this call probably want it, and users will want it more and more over time. So then how do you actually build an exchange that supports that, where you take out a bunch of these risks and anatoly wants a fork of Solana or something with, it's all built as an app on top of a forecast liner, and assets are then wormholed or layer zeroed or whatever in. I think it just adds a bunch of additional risks. Plus, you don't actually get the FTX type experience because you can only trade from the place you store your private keys. So you have to have your private keys on a machine, which is the one that you use, and you can't switch to your mobile phone and then go make a trade on the train or whatever unless you have your private keys on that device as well. And yeah, I think it gets a little bit messy there. I think one way that it could work that could be quite nice is if you had a just in time custody model where users can self custody. An exchange builds a very, very simple custom wallet, fragments the key based on an email address or something so you can log in on multiple devices. And then when you're using capital as collateral, it's used as open interest on the exchange. It moves into the custody of the exchange and then moves back perhaps after the trade. But I think a lot of this stuff is very messy. And decentralized exchanges kind of have to work without FIA on ramps, right? Because if you have a FIA on ramps, then you have like a centralized company running the FIA on and off ramp. So you don't have a decentralized exchange. You have a centralized exchange that runs on smart contracts and stuff, which actually might be totally fine, right. Maybe that is actually optimal is a centralized product that inherits a lot of whats good about DeFi, like the transparency, openness, lack of requiring a custodian, etcetera. But I think it is actually a quite difficult product and I think changing regs are going to make it harder. And I dont think theres a big incentive for any of the existing exchanges to start messing around with this stuff and saying to users, actually now heres a private key, you have to withdraw everything, but you can still use our platform. They're going to stay basically as like banking type relationships with customers. So I think we will see a lot of stuff here changing here over time. Plus if you also have to consider what's going to happen with stablecoins, right, because there's this EU regs that are changing. I read something that you're not allowed to hold over a certain amount of non eu denominated stablecoins if you're like in these new EU regs or something. So you can't have more than like 100 grand in like USDC. That seems like pretty wild.
Speaker A: Wow, wait, is that passed or it's like a proposed thing? I haven't heard of that.
Speaker B: I don't know. It's proposed. It's definitely not passed. Otherwise people would be going crazy about it. But yeah, there was something like that in something I read and I don't know really what's going to happen with us stablecoins in the wake of all this FTX fallout. Every day there's a new story about tether, and who knows if any of these stories. I think tether is probably fine, but I thought FTX was probably fine. There's a lot of that. And then decentralized exchanges have to rely on centralized stablecoins because there isn't really a decentralized and scalable stablecoin yet. So there's a lot of stuff, I think, to monitor and keep an eye on over the next few years, because how this stuff plays out and which products are built which are well adopted, how the existing centralized exchanges change will really impact what happens in crypto in the future and how the cycles play out and whose investing theses end up being the better ones. So I think there is a lot of stuff to, I have no idea how it plays out, but I think there's a lot of stuff where you can put it in categories and try and research and monitor how those things progress. And one of the big ones, honestly, is what happens with bitcoin. How will bitcoin work in these more decentralized on chain worlds? Yeah. So there's a lot to watch out for. And I think from an investor and a crypto optimist point of view, there is a lot of work for you to do. From a builder's point of view, there's a lot of opportunity and a lot of work for you to do now as well. In an environment where less and less people want to do it. 2021, people were coming over like, oh, I'm going to work in a crypto company. I've quit my job at Goldman Sachs or Citadel or whatever, and now they're all quitting, going back like, no, that didn't happen. I was on sabbatical. I think there is a lot of outsized opportunity, but you're also in an environment where, like, who the fuck knows what's happening next?
Speaker C: I think. I think Kobe needs a hug, bro.
Speaker B: I've needed a hug for the last ten years. Oh, my God. Did you see Sam's testimony to Congress where one of the bullet points was basically like, I just like to get on the record. I am and have been for the better part of the last ten years. Sad. He was just like, I'm like, depressed. That was his, like, it was a really, really. Well, well, who isn't? Sam?
Speaker A: Wait. So, Chris, I. It sounds like you want to respond, but why don't we do this? We're going to take a quick word from the sponsors who make this show possible. Defi Saver is an all in one management application for a number of decentralized finance protocols on ethereum, arbitrum, and optimism. The app has dedicated dashboards for lending protocols such as Aave, makerdao, liquite, and compound, as well as integrations that allow quick access to yield earning protocols such as yearn, Confex, mstable, and the newly released chicken bonds from the liquitee team. Some of their most notable features include quic one transaction rebalancing and automated liquidation protection of collateralized debt positions. On top of that, they also have tools for collateral swaps, debt swaps, and instantly moving positions between different protocols once you load up the app@defisaver.com. comma make sure to enable the simulation mode first so you can freely test all available features before diving in further. What's the most important thing about crypto? It's not transactions per second, it's not convenience, and it's not even smart contracts. It's decentralization to achieve censorship resistance so we can all be free. Minima is a new layer, one blockchain designed to run in full on a smartphone so that anyone can participate in building minima's decentralized network as an equal. Join over 300,000 minima node runners on the incentive program today to start earning every day until mainnet launch. Get started at Minima Global. Join over 50 million people using crypto.com comma one of the easiest places to buy, earn and spend over 250 cryptocurrencies new users enjoy zero credit card fees on crypto purchases in their first seven days with crypto.com earn get industry leading interest rates of up to 14.5% on over 30 coins, including bitcoin. Earn up to 8.5% on stablecoins with the crypto.com Visa card. You can spend your crypto anywhere. Enjoy up to 5% cashback instantly, plus 100% rebates for your Netflix and Spotify subscriptions and zero annual fees. Download the crypto.com app and get $25 with the code Lora link in the description. Eager to make more informed decisions around crypto using data you can trust, chainalysis is here to help. Chainalysis demystifies cryptocurrency by providing industry leading compliance, market intelligence and investigation support for all crypto assets. For organizations like Gemini, Crypto.com, and BlockFi, gain unparalleled visibility and maximize your potential with the leading blockchain data platform by visiting chainalysis.com unchained. Back to my conversation with Coby and Chris so, Chris, you want to respond to what Coby just said?
Speaker C: Yeah, I was going to.
Speaker B: I'll have a hook mate. Come on.
Speaker C: I'll give Kobe, you know, a remote hug. I hope you feel it from afar. Cobie is definitely raising true and important points that there's a bunch of hard problems left to solve in crypto. The smartest engineers I work with all want to solve hard problems. When I go back to last year, where we actually weren't that active in terms of deploying capital, because, like, a lot of the problems people were trying to work on were fluffier and valuations were crazy. And what I see now is, like, a lot more focus and motivation to work on hardcore problems. And I say focus because it's just less crazy. So you have more time. And, like, the conversations I'm having with people are way better. And, like, even myself, I'm more vocal now because I think that it's a more interesting time to be vocal and to converse. As I think about how we get ourselves out of the current situation we're in, I think that there's an opportunity for traditional finance players to come in. And so, and this is on the centralized exchange side. So, like, you look at what fidelity is doing, fidelity is not stopping. Right. Fidelity, I think, sees an opportunity. And I've met with Abby, and shes all in on crypto. She gets it.
Speaker A: Abby Johnson, the CEO.
Speaker C: Yeah. And so shes not a day tripper. Right. So I think that certain heavyweights from traditional finance will move in and see this as their opportunity. So thats one thing on the centralized exchange side, then, in terms of some of the existing players, like the two that I trust the most are Coinbase and Kraken. And it's really just because they've been around for the longest. Right. And they've made it through multiple bulls and bears, and they think their founders are ideologically driven and they've learned how to manage through these situations and they don't take undue risk. And then when I look at those two firms, Kraken has quite a good staking environment for people. And I understand there are concerns around centralized stake, and that's real. And maybe we could come back to that later and liquid staking. But then when I look at Coinbase, Coinbase doesn't have to be doing their web three wallet, but they are. And the web three wallet, both for, like, retail and institutions, is quite cool because it starts to set up this non custodial environment that is endorsed or built or has the trust of the Coinbase brand, but that you don't need to trust in the way that you trust a centralized exchange. And so I see that as something that you could argue in a way, is almost against Coinbases core business interest, but is very much aligned with cryptos ideals. And so I think they need a round of applause for that, basically, or I'm really happy to see them continuing to invest in that. And that's a conversation that we're having with them on the institutional side. And so it's not just retail. And then in terms of solving some of the trickier problems, I think that will be in the first innings of solving in the next expansion would be the multi chain wallets. And this is where I see progress, both from metamask, so going Ethereum native out and how you can switch networks, but then also from Phantom, which is Solana native, going into Ethereum, I think you're going to start to see a lot more maturity on the multi chain wallet side and a smooth user experience. And that's key because that starts to get into what Kobe was talking about in terms of where your keys are, because wallets are just basically private key management with candy coated user experience. And so if that gets better, and that's getting better every single year that I've been in crypto, right, it used to be horrible, and now it feels like candy to me. But I understand how it still has quite a ways to go. But that will start to enable more multi chain dapps, right? And that idea of a Dex that is on par with FTX will in part rely upon that. And then I expect interchange protocols to basically go through their boom in the height of the next expansion. Similar to what alternative layer one smart contract protocols went through last year. There will be tons of examples of those by well capitalized teams. They'll be relatively poorly understood, like value and technological models, like some differences at the margin, a lot of copycats, but like a lot of capital and experiments pumping through excitement there. And there will be some like, disasters that come out of it. But I also think that some winning models will get cemented through that process. And that's a key, that is another, like, say, the next key layer of infrastructure which needs to come in. And so I just go back to the fact that this all takes time. Smart engineers like working on hard problems, and they will continue to get supported by investors like us. A lot of capital allocators have gotten walloped, but I would say maybe the most skilled or the most ideologically committed or whatever, we're all still allocating and actually placeholder Washington way more active this year as an allocator than last year and will be similarly active next year. So those are the seeds of what will come later.
Speaker A: And then to address an issue that Kobe raised earlier about bitcoin, like you talked about, these different multi chain wallets and stuff, do you see any really good solutions for bringing bitcoin in because I'm sure you saw that news about how Alameda asked BCO to take the bitcoin out of the wraps, BTC, just like, basically stealing it from the people who had wrapped it in there, which is kind of crazy. And they refused. And I did hear that TBTC is going to be relaunching in a more decentralized way, which will be interesting to watch.
Speaker C: But there's also SBTC from stacks, which they just published the white paper this week. So it's a trustless bitcoin pega from bitcoin into the stax ecosystem. So we definitely need more trustless bitcoin pegs. It's a type of bridging. So everyone is working on this bridging or interoperability problem because it's a hard one and we need it. But I think it's finally the time where people are so bearish on building on BTC, where I think it's time to be bullish on it. And it's been increasingly a joke over the years that anyone would build anything on BTC, but the protocol is still there. It's still the most valuable asset in crypto. And there's motivated teams, probably the two that stick out to me most would be lightning and stacks. We work with stacks. There are teams that are committed to making this more programmatic.
Speaker B: I don't totally understand how stacks works. I'm not going to foot it because I don't understand how it works. I'll say something wrong, but it seems a little bit like woo woo magic to me. Like it's too good to be true. Anyway, I won't fudge your investment because I don't understand it.
Speaker C: No, you can, but I would study it more.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'll do that. I'll do that and then I'll put it afterwards.
Speaker C: Yeah. Munib's been around for a long time, and I'd say he's committed. And what I like too, is that team has spread. So it's not just one core entity supporting it. And so the team has spread. And different parts of the core founders of the protocol now rundongen their own entities, and they're tackling the problem from a number of ways. You can fud stacks Kobe, because bitcoin maximalists FUD stacks relentlessly. But I also, I'm seeing an interesting change within the bitcoin maxi community because I went through a falling out with the bitcoin maximalist, basically 17 1819, because when I was at Ark, like in 2014 and 2015, I was really just doing bitcoin, right? And so, like, that was my community. And then 16 things started to get tenuous, and then 17 when I started placeholder, I started having fights, and those exploded in 18 and 19 with the maxima. So anyway, I had a lot of falling outs with different people that I had been conversing with. But what's happened recently is a lot of those people have come back to me and said, I'm more of a bitcoin moderate now, and I understand what you were saying. Theyre working to reform bitcoin culture, I would say. And a lot of them are supportive of stacks, even though the more extreme remaining bitcoin maxis who have a quarter of a brain will still just scream that its a useless shitcoin or whatever.
Speaker B: Yeah, I do think that bitcoin is one of the areas that probably has the most opportunity in it over the next few years, particularly if bitcoin developers go, how can we rely less on centralized exchange? How can we rely less on centralized exchanges as like, a form of acquiring and selling bitcoin for, like, people that want to hold bitcoin? Sometimes people will want to sell their bitcoin. How do they have to, how can they do that in, like, a trustless way? You know, not going, like, back in the local bitcoin days, where you went peer to peer and met someone in a cafe with cash, because that wasn't very safe. In hindsight, I'm interested that you think the multi chain thesis still holds up. And it's still interesting because what were the big successes of multi chain in 2021?
Speaker C: I wouldn't say there were any, but I think that that means there's no.
Speaker B: Evidence for this thesis.
Speaker A: The hacks were very successful.
Speaker B: Yeah, the bridge hacks were lucrative.
Speaker C: Yeah. I mean, they were lucrative for the hackers. But I kind of see the bridging or multi chain infrastructure in 2021 being where proof of stake protocols were in 2017, right? So, like, in 2017 it was ETH and BTC, and then there were, like, some weird proof of stake protocols, right? I think NXM was proof of stake, or like some fringe ones. But then a lot of people were talking about it and working on it, and capital was getting allocated to it, and everyone knew it needed to happen. And I guess I'm enough of a Promethean where I'm like, okay, if capital is getting allocated to it and smart people are working on the problem and motivated to solve it, then it will get solved. We'll try a bunch of stupid things. In the interim, we'll make a ton of mistakes, things will blow up, people will lose money. But out of that, eventually the solution will emerge. And so using that cadencing, it's like in 17, proof of stake was theorized, but we were still a proof of work dominant environment. And there were a lot of people who were like, ah, proof of stake will never work. Like, there's, there's no good examples of it. And then in 2021, proof of stake exploded, and people were like, whoa. Like, this is valuable. And I think in value there's probably more, or it's probably roughly equal. Right? Proof of work, proof of stake. I haven't summed the major proof of stake protocols against BTC, but certainly proof of stake is now, say, proven and on the rise. And then in the year that that happened is really when there's looking forward to the bridging and interoperability stuff. And it's kind of like the industry as a whole needs to solve the biggest, most pressing problem first to then free up the space, both labor and capital wise, to then move on to the next problem. And this is where it's a little frustrating.
Speaker B: It just seems to me that the multi chain thesis came around because Solana, avalanche and Luna appeared to be doing very well. So it was like, oh, clearly we're going to live in a multi chain world. Ethereum fees are too high, so everyone's using these other chains. But then each of those chains had a backer that has since totally blown up. So FTX were obviously the big sponsor of Solana and perhaps allegedly, who knows, selling everyone's user deposits to prop up Solana and FTT and Solana ecosystem things. Avalanche obviously had three ac as the flagship supporter who were just constantly, constantly bidding avalanche and suited his big, yes, I've abandoned ethereum, fees are too high, ran around the avalanche top, and then Luna obviously had the unsustainable UsT Dokwon backing. So if you remove each of those actors from those ecosystems, what actually would have happened? Obviously you can't say, right, because it's a parallel universe. You can't just go back and edit, edit stuff. But would the multi chain thesis have become so popular then? And then where does the economic activity actually happen today? Is there, surely it's mostly on polygon versus any of these other layer ones? So I don't know.
Speaker C: I think there's two ways to think about it in terms of the multi chain. There's just pure. If you want to take your argument that avalanche and Sol are doomed now, and they won't go anywhere because they're not necessarily doomed.
Speaker B: But would that have happened? Would people have been so bullish on multi chain if not for some people buying with other people's money?
Speaker C: So I think that no, people wouldn't have focused on it as much, but it still has to be a focus, because even just if you set those two aside, then you probably still believe in Ethereum and cosmos. And even if you just don't want to believe in anything but Ethereum, I see the l two s as basically independent chains at this point. And so then you have to figure out bridging and the experience between those different execution environments. And so regardless of which coin you want to be a cheerleader for, if you believe in smart contracts at all, and even it's almost just inescapable, because even with bitcoin and stacks and lightning, you're getting different layers, and different layers require bridging, and then they require interoperability between those execution environment layers. And so whether you're a bitcoin believer, Ethereum, believer, Cosmos believer, Solana, believer or believer of all of the above, I think that the next big problem to solve is the seamless flow of value and information between the environments in those ecosystems. But I agree, Kobe, that yes, multichain got ahead of its skis because things were say so over inflated last year. But I think it's going to come back in full force in a few years time. And I think that in addition to Ethereum will have a handful of key innovation environments. And I've been vocal about Solana and Cosmos, and I'm happy to talk about that more because I think in particular, Solana has probably been surprising for folks. The narrative got bigger than the reality, as it always does. But I'm still seeing now, in a bear market where there's very little narrative, the reality is still strong that there's a bunch of people working on bridging.
Speaker B: Yeah, the way I see it is there is room for a layer one to exist if it provides the ability for new stuff to exist, like new primitives, new apps, new type of thing. Because you had bitcoin and then you had Ethereum, which brought this additional stuff you could do trustlessly, and all the other bitcoin sort of forks that just changed part of the technology, added schnor signatures or something, perhaps before bitcoin did, or changed the hashing algorithm or the block speed or whatever, all of those just trended down versus bitcoin over time. It didn't bring anything new it didn't enable anything additional then Ethereum did. It enabled. You can do a series of actions that you can't do on bitcoin, so people go, oh, cool, now I can build this thing. Now I can build this thing and those things start to exist. And if you just again, then change the Ethereum block time or tweak a thing here or there, it doesn't seem super interesting to me outside of it being slightly cheaper to use or blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But if there is a layer one that enables functionality that just on Ethereum is non viable, say sue or whatever it's called, enables some app that you can't build on Ethereum because you need parallelization or whatever, then I can see some life being had there because people will build stuff that couldn't exist on Ethereum and users will go, oh, wow, this is cool. Look what I can do that I couldn't do before. And maybe that's just a function of scaling, or maybe it can even be done through layer twos where you can have like purpose built roll ups for apps that enable new functionality that was just not possible with Ethereum for scaling reasons or whatever, then I can kind of see it. But I really, really feel very bearish on this multi chain thesis where it's just like, we're just gonna have loads of chains and they all kind of do the same thing. But this one's got this language, this one's got this one, this one's got subnets. Who cares? Until there is something that is fundamentally enabled where it's like, okay, we couldn't do that on Ethereum, and that's important to the world. People actually want to use that now. You can build something in a trustless or decentralized way that you couldn't build before then I maybe think this thesis comes alive. So I think that's another area that's worth monitoring and researching. Is someone building something on one of these new chains that could not fundamentally exist anywhere else? New chains or roll ups or wherever.
Speaker A: I mean, I think you guys are both making good points and I think, you know, we're not going to know how things play out because the show was meant to kind of recap 2022. I love it that we looked forward because I have been getting comments from people like, oh, you know, I kind of want to hear about the innovation that's happening or new things. So I'm so glad that we covered that at length. But I do still want to ask a few things about kind of current events in the past year. So at this moment in time, obviously, we've had this huge, huge collapse. And yet, sad as it is to say, contagion may not have fully played out yet in the industry. At the moment we're recording, there's. Yeah, a number of concerns. One that's in the news a lot is finance. Another one I did a whole show on was DCG and Genesis. People were making noise about crypto.com, comma, which disclosure is a sponsor of the show. Silvergate bank is in a tough spot. There's a lot of short sellers on that stock right now, and they're, I think, the leading bank for crypto companies. So I don't know if you. You know, I meant to have you each discuss each of them, but we're kind of running out of time. So I don't know if you guys want to call out any particular ones as being ones that you're either looking at in terms of being significant or, you know, if you want to say anything about what you think might happen with any of those or what the impact would be on the industry.
Speaker C: Kobe, you want to go first?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, obviously, I don't have any insight into the binance stuff. Like, a lot of the binance stuff that's happening on Twitter. You see these videos and they're really taken out of context. And I'm always like, is this person intentional? They know it's taken out of context, or have they been fooled by someone else? So that makes me a bit disheartened where we have this type of people see the fear and, like, the panic and the dead bodies, and it feels a little bit like vultures have swooped. Like, swoop swept. Swooped. God, what's the. Do they swoop swept in?
Speaker C: They swoop in or they swept in?
Speaker B: Yeah, they're swept in, and they're just, like, picking at the carcasses and, like, you know, it feels a little bit like that to me at the moment. Whereas in previous bear markets, it was like people rallied together and like, you know, we're going to make it through it now. It's like people are egging on the catastrophes a little bit and hoping for new ones.
Speaker A: Yeah. Just to explain some of that quote unquote fud. I think the video that you're talking about is whether or not Binance might have to pay a claw back to for the FTX bankruptcy process of $2.1 billion, which is what FTX or slash almader or somebody, or Sam or somebody paid to. To finance to buy Binance out of its stake. However, I did, and granted, this is just one person. I think it was Wasi lawyer that I asked multiple lawyers about this, but I'm pretty sure Wasse lawyer was the one who responded. And he said, because that transaction took place in July of 2021, he said, that's probably like, too long ago, or actually, I don't remember his. This is like, literally in the minutes before we've recorded, so. But he said he thought it was unlikely to be subject to a clawback.
Speaker B: So just to the way the video was presented in those, like, tweets made it look like he was saying we'd let the lawyers handle it if a user tried to withdraw their money, rather than like, could you process the claw back? So it was like, presented in this way where it looked like you had to take your money out of binance. That said, CZn is acting weird on Twitter these days. He used to be so, like, chill and didn't tweet very much, and now he's doing weird stuff and he banned that guy's account because they were having a fallout in the customer support chart or something. Coin member yeah, so if binance goes down, it's going to be obviously very bad. They have 80 odd percent market share. Their orders of magnitude larger than FTX was even at its peak. So that would be bad. I've seen tweets where people say their personal bank accounts are being closed because they deposited or withdrew from FTX, which also seems very bad. It's always been difficult for crypto companies to get bank accounts and for large crypto investors or traders to have personal banking relationships, at least in the west. I think in the US, but definitely in the UK. If that gets worse, I think that is just a real headache for normal people. But outside of that, the rest of it, it doesn't matter. Does bitcoin keep working? Is there no major flaw in Ethereum's proof of stake implementation? Finally, that worked seamlessly, by the way. Kudos. But as long as those things are fine and everything keeps ticking, the core thesis remains the same to me. Do I believe that trustless and sensor resistant money is important? Do I believe censor resistant trade is important or commerce? And do I think the world is getting more trusting or less trusting? Therefore, are these protocols and services in higher demand or lower demand? So, yeah, sure. Like, let's say every single one of those things you just listed goes down. Like, crypto.com blows up, binance blows up, silvergate blows up. Fuck it. Let's throw in tether USDC, etc, etcetera. Does it actually matter at the end of the day? Like probably for a few years it matters. But if a bunch of like centralized businesses blowing up in the industry generally can kill the industry, then like, in a way it's maybe already dead. So I'm not super worried about any of them. Like how much worse can it get? Touch wood. Fucking hell. Maybe I'm worried.
Speaker C: So I don't have any edge, I would say, on any of those proceedings other than knowing some of the people who run those organizations for a long time. I think that specific to DCG and Genesis, the fact that we don't have news yet means solutions are being worked upon, right? Like if it was a disaster emergency scenario, they probably would have been forced into action by now. So that's where I take the view that no news means nothing or no news is good news. Finance, I'd be pretty surprised. Like much more surprised for binance to go down than FTX to go down. I think that tether has been flooded forever and you know, there, there are things around tether that if you're intellectually honest, you know, will raise your eyebrows. And that has pretty much always been true. That said, they have handled a massive amount of runs on USDT this year, pretty seamlessly. And so I have nothing against Tether or Bitfinex or any of the people who run those orgs, but I would enjoy, I think it would be good for the industry if tether share became less overtime. And I don't think that has to happen through a blow up. It's interesting what Coinbase just did. I think with zero fee trades allowed into USDC from tether. And I think that's one way in which share shifts will take place as people take the trust or the entity that is backing some of these stable coins more seriously, Crypto.com is probably the sketchiest one to me. I mean, it came out of nowhere. I know nothing about the, the team. Like all of a sudden it was in the top ten or 20 Coinmarketcap. It's like they're sponsoring the World cup. It has a lot of echoes of FTX, but I know nothing about it. And so that's one that is kind of a newer entrant, at least within how I interpret crypto players. But I also trust newer entrants less, like they have to prove themselves overcycles. And I think thats a key tenet. Thats why I go back to Coinbase and Kraken and for what its worth, DCG has been around for a long time. I knew Barry in his second market days before he sold that. I forget to who. And then started up DCG and then started to build out these conglomerates, or grayscale acquired coindesk, Genesis, so on and so forth. And so I think that Barry's very well connected and savvy, and I think he's more pinched than he's ever been here. But I've consistently seen him make lemonade out of lemons, and so I'd be expecting that out of this situation from him. And then, overarchingly, I wish all these companies success. And if they do blow up, that, that is a bummer, but the protocols will just keep chugging along, and that's what matters. And, like, no core protocol has blown up this year. And, you know, that's the most. One of the most important takeaways. Luna, I don't consider, like, a core protocol. For what it's worth. I think it was, like, always poorly designed.
Speaker B: It worked as intended for a short period.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: No, I mean, even the bloat worked as intended, right? Like, if it. If Ust Depegs, then it sells on Luna. That's literally the design. I mean, didn't restore the peg because it was a flawed design, but it worked as it was designed.
Speaker A: So I was curious. You probably heard that Doe was still trying to be entrepreneurial and build. In the interview I did with him, he emphasized that he wanted to keep contributing to the space. Is that something that you think the crypto community should be open to, to more entrepreneurial efforts from do Kwon?
Speaker B: I mean, no, but, like, I don't know. Like, would you use or invest in Elizabeth Holmes next business? Like, probably.
Speaker A: Well, yeah, but hers was, like, an actual fraud. Do you think that Tara Luna was an actual fraud?
Speaker B: Well, I read a. I don't know. Right. Because I've got no internal view, and originally, I was actually of the view that, like, it. There was no fraud, but there was. It was poorly designed, and he believed in something stupid and, you know, like, maybe acted invincible because he'd made 50 billion or 100 billion or whatever his net worth was in a couple of years, and that went to his head. And, you know, he was just really believed this mechanism would work, which somehow managed to do for a while. But then I read this thread about there was this. And there was all this lying, and the chai numbers were all fake. And actually, the person that Depeg the stablecoin was, like, tfL or something I read, and they were selling Ust and then there's still the basis cash thing. Was that ever confirmed to be real? He actually built basis cash and that went to zero.
Speaker C: So he's one of the co founders? Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: So it's like, you must have questioned a little bit if the exact same mechanism could have the same result as last time. So, like, I don't know, when I read through that thread, I was like, actually, this seems, like, really bad. But then again, when you read these twitter threads, you're like, is the author even credible? So I don't know. The optimistic way to look at it was flawed mechanism that he believed in the pessimistic way is fraud. Either way, I wouldn't use or invest in something that he, like, created again. Yeah. So, like, no, but if he does build something, like, he's allowed to do it, right? Like, it's like, do whatever you want. It's a free world. I wouldn't say, like, not going to try and cancel people that do want to use his stuff, because I think people should be allowed to do whatever they want as long as there's information symmetry and people are acting, you know, openly and honestly. So, yeah, I won't. I wouldn't recommend it to my friends or family or, you know, to you lot, but whatever he can do. Everyone's kind of. I'm surprised he hasn't been arrested yet. But listen, yeah, apparently he's, like, on the run.
Speaker C: So these are permissionless systems, so anyone can do anything they want. And then I think it's upon all of us to educate people. Right? And, like, I don't trust do Kwon, I don't trust Kyle Davies. I don't trust Suzu. Like, I don't trust a lot of these characters. And I think the key thing for me is I haven't seen a genuine apology. I've seen thinly veiled apologies that are still dripping in ego, and I'm still the greatest. And this unfortunate thing happened to me. And so then it's like, well, you didn't actually learn your lesson, and if you didn't actually learn your lesson, then you're probably going to make the same mistakes and you're going to continue to hurt people. And so if I had my choice, yeah, I don't want them in industry anymore, any of those characters. And, you know, if someone really takes the time, learns their lesson, like, has, like, true reflection that is voiced or written or whatever on the things that they went through, then I do believe in second chances, but I haven't seen that here. And so I would really caution, similar to Kobe people from trusting them.
Speaker B: For the record, even if someone did what you just said, I would still not trust them, honestly. Because, like, easy to do that stuff, right? It's like, easy to say sorry, and, like, you just gave them the playbook. They could just follow that. Now I'm great. Now they're backhead.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's fair.
Speaker B: You know, if Sam's willing to lie to literally everyone, he's like, easy enough to lie in your apology as well. So in general, I think people's actions over time reveal them for who they are, and apology here, apology there. Like, generally meaningless, I think. But their actions afterwards will reveal more about what they learned from that event. If do Kuan goes anonymous, build something. And in five years, one of the biggest defi protocols is revealed, was built by do Kwon, but it's economically sound. It's worked really well. There's no shady business practices, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Well, at that point, I go, I'll reevaluate this thing that he's built. And the action since is this anonymous hypothetical developer, because you just have new evidence. But, yeah, apology and Phuket apologies. The minimum that these people should be issuing.
Speaker A: Yeah. And I want to call out some of the statements that Suzhou and Kyle Davies of three Arrows Capital have made recently. Kyle said in an interview with CNBC that part of the reason three AC collapsed was because their positions were hunted. In the recent three AC bankruptcy hearing. A lawyer for the liquidator said in the middle of June, as three arrows capital collapsed, it hired a security firm able to establish a secure communication system that could then allow those communications to be deleted. And they've both been very active on Twitter ever since FTS collapsed. Like, literally within the hour after collapsed. And in an interview with Bloomberg, sue told. Told the reporter that they're looking to set up a new trading shop. And Kyle also said on the analyze Asia podcast that they are speaking with investors about a new venture.
Speaker C: So I've heard the same. Like, and I think they're going to get the capital for what it's worth. Like, I think they'll pull it off from. From what I've heard, they. Yeah, I think they will. I'm not happy about it, but, um, hey, traders provide liquidity. I thank them for the exit liquidity last year, and they can come back and we can do it all over again.
Speaker B: Yeah. They raise money from other people to buy the top again. Cool.
Speaker A: Okay. Oh, Kobe, did you want to add anything on the three ac stuff?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, I, like, I don't know. I was friends with sue, not friends with Kyle. And, like, I would chat to sue sometimes during the bull market. I met him in, like, 2021 digitally. I never met him in real life in 2021, and he never did anything bad to me. But I was not one of the people that they tried to borrow money from in the dying hours, you know, which is apparently one thing they did. They went to, like, family, friends, portfolio companies to borrow money when they kind of knew the game was over, which I think is very difficult to defend. I imagine they probably were hunted on FTX, right? Like, if you deposit money on FTX, it seems like Alameda was instantly selling your coins. So, yeah, they were working on a rigged market, but you can't blame that for all of your actions surrounding it, I don't think. Yeah, look, if they raise another fund, that's a relationship between them and the investors. I imagine they'll find deal flow much more difficult because investors will refuse to co invest with them, I imagine, and projects will want them on their cap table much less than they did before. Whereas before they were, like, founders would go after them as an investor. I think, like, yeah, what can you do?
Speaker A: All right, so we're going to do kind of a lightning round. So just try to keep your answer to, like, a sentence. Who's the biggest winner of 2022?
Speaker B: Us government?
Speaker C: Ethereum.
Speaker A: Who's the biggest loser of 2022?
Speaker C: FTX? Sam.
Speaker B: Yeah, like, yeah, Sam. Well, no FTX users.
Speaker A: All right. And then this last one, you can elaborate a little longer. But if you were to make a prediction about 2023 for crypto, what would it be?
Speaker B: Renewed interest from crypto community in things like privacy and assumptions around how protocols work with regard to custody risks, those kinds of things. And renewed interest in decentralized stablecoins and stuff. And renewed interest from the regulator side in turning Coinbase into a securities exchange.
Speaker C: I would say at some point next year, the majority of crypto Twitter will be pounding their chest that a new bull market is upon us and we're going to future all time highs very soon. Whether it's true or not, I'll withhold judgment, but I expect that sentiment at some point on crypto Twitter next year. I think it'll be wrong, actually. I'll just share that. I think people get whiplashed, but I think we'll have a strong move at some point. Before a retest?
Speaker B: No. All time high in 2023? No chance. No chance. Yeah, but I think we've got more chance of breaking the lows than making a new all time high.
Speaker C: That's true. I agree with that.
Speaker A: Yeah. All right. Kind of a depressing note to end on 2022.
Speaker B: That's the way to do it.
Speaker C: Here's a more uplifting note. I was thinking about this earlier. So one thing is the calls of, like, the lost decade, or, you know, I've seen some people saying it'll be six years until we have a new high or whatever. I think those will ultimately be looked back upon as markers of the sentiment. Bottom of how horrible things got. And this is where some of my training comes from, Kathy Wood. Where the rate of change that we're seeing in the world is so fast and we forget that, but that underlies a lot of the protocols and companies within crypto, within AI, within tech at large. Like, I don't believe in the lost decade. I don't believe in six years until another boom. So that's one thing I want to say. The other thing is I think a decent way to stay sane in bear markets is to stop looking at dollar amounts or dollar net worth and look at unit amounts of the crypto assets you care about. And I try to never really fixate on dollar net worth, of course, like how I manage placeholder, I have to produce results for my investors. But specific to myself personally, I'm pretty much always thinking in units of the assets, and that's what I care about. And maybe that's where I drink the Kool aid enough, where I'm stoked to be building significant unit position sizes of certain assets. And so then I don't really care what the dollars are. That would be my advice, I guess, to people is like, focus on the units you want to get to if you want to make yourself happy. You can always say if all these assets got back to their former all time high, then these units would be worth a certain dollar amount. That's some hopium. Not all assets will get back to their all time high, but the quality ones will go multiples of their prior all time high. That's where you have to pick carefully, but just focus on the units. Focus on the units and stake, and you'll be fine. And the last thing. Sorry, the last, last thing is I very strongly believe that crypto has years for buying and for selling. And so I don't even think about selling this year, next year, whatever. It's just not even an action I'll really take. I just think about buying. And on a year like last year, I don't even really think about buying in the public market that much I just think about selling. And so that's a very kind of glacial way to move capital. But it keeps me more sane as opposed to trying to time every single thing. And so it's just like, oh, things go down more, there's even more opportunity. I can stack even more units. And I guess that's one way that I keep myself optimistic and happy in this current environment.
Speaker A: I like it. Good note to end on. All right, so where can people learn more about each of you and your work?
Speaker C: I'm on Twitter at C. Berniske, and placeholder's website is placeholder vC.
Speaker B: Yeah, twitter.com kobe. Nothing good happens there.
Speaker C: One of my favorite Twitter accounts.
Speaker B: Sorry about that.
Speaker A: All right. It's been a pleasure having you both again on unchained.
Speaker C: Thanks, Laura. Happy holidays.
Speaker A: Thanks so much for joining us today. To learn more about Kobe, Chris and the year of 2022 in crypto, check out the show notes for this episode. Unchained is produced by me, Laura Shin, with Alfred Anthony Yoon, Mark Murdock, Matt Pilchard, Juan Aranovich, Sam Sriram, Pama, Jimdar Shashank, and CLK transcription. Thanks for listening.
