Speaker A: Hi everyone. Welcome to Unchained, your no hype resource for all things crypto. I'm your host, Laura Shin, author of the Cryptopians. I started covering crypto seven years ago and, as a senior editor at Forbes, was the first mainstream media reporter to cover cryptocurrency full time. This is the May 5, 2023 episode of Unchained. Stater Labs is a multi chain, liquid staking platform with 40K plus Defi partnerships across six chains. Soon they'll be coming to Ethereum with their LST. Visit stateorlabs.com eth to sign up for their Eth X Alpha list. With the crypto.com app, you can buy, trade, and spend crypto in one place. Download and get $25 with the code Lora link in the description ever wanted to use defi without being tracked? Railgun is a leading Defi privacy solution on Ethereum, BSC, Arbitrum, and Polygon. Shield your funds and use them privately in your favorite defi apps, while Railgun's cutting edge zero knowledge system encrypts your data from public public view. Yes, that includes Dex trading. Visit railgun.org or use the railway app at railway XYZ. Hey unchained listeners. As you know, it's hard keeping up with a fast paced world of crypto, so we've got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. you'll get the latest crypto news and original articles from our reporters, as well as summaries of other happenings in bullet points, plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. It's still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot. Again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot. Today's guest is Ram Alawalia, CEO and founder of Lumita wealth. Welcome, Ram.
Speaker B: Thanks for having me, Laura. Good to see you again.
Speaker A: On April 25, DCG announced via a statement on Twitter that a subset of Genesis Capital creditors have walked away, two months after what they call a comprehensive settlement was submitted to the bankruptcy court. I spoke to a Genesis creditor who is in this group, and they said they felt that this was mischaracterized, that the two sides didn't have an agreement, but just a framework for what a deal could be. This person also said that this framework had been made with limited financial information and that the group revised the terms based on new information and analysis. Either way, Genesis requested a meteor to help resolve the issue. Meanwhile, DCG owes Genesis $630 million next week. So what do all these recent developments mean for Genesis and DCG?
Speaker B: Well, it's an unfortunate mess. So, you know, at the outset of the petition, the council are presenting DCG and Genesis, as well as the creditors, informed the judge they expect a speedy resolution because they've been working at this, and this is a step back. There was a term sheet that was published that outlined the key terms of the deal. There was a framework for the deal, as you mentioned, the ad hoc creditor group has pulled back or walked away from that. As you said, due to neural information. There's a lot to unpack in what information they learned, as well as still what significant information is outstanding.
Speaker A: So how are you looking at all these developments? What do you think is likely to happen at this point, especially given DCG's debts to Genesis next week? Do you think it's likely they'll be able to pay them?
Speaker B: I don't believe they'll have the ability to make the debt payments. There are $630 million due on dates ranging from May 9, May 10 and May 11. $631 million. DCG reportedly paid off the senior credit facility to Eldridge recently. That means they have less cash to meet these obligations. But we also don't have as much information. We do not have access to the DCG balance sheet. We know that they publish financials recently. They've generated more revenue because the price of bitcoin has increased. However, even the free cash flow one would expect that grayscale would generate is insufficient to plug the hole. I estimate something like 117 million in cash flow from Grayscale. But that's just not enough to plug a $630 million hole. Here are the other reasons too. You have some reporting that the CFO Michael Cranes left. That is a negative sign. That's a red flag. You're also seeing DCG port cos like Luno. There are various executive departures. We haven't seen new venture investments from BCG or it stopped entirely. The three ways to plug a hole. Either you generate capital from operations. Again, I dont see enough of that there from Brayscale. Second, you sell assets. Theres been no sale of any of these prized jewels of DCG. Third is you do a capital raise. Havent seen that announced and they havent done a debt refinancing unless we see someone else reporting around that. I just dont see how theyre going to make their debt payment.
Speaker A: And so if that's the case, then it looks like what a bankruptcy for DCG would also be on the table?
Speaker B: Well, they'll attempt to do an out of court workout. It's very similar to what happened when Genesis announced that they're not honoring withdrawals. So there's no imminent bankruptcy. You attempt to do an out of court workout. You attempt to negotiate with the creditors and arrive at favorable terms. But guess what? That's what they have been doing over the last several months. So this is, they'll have to continue to negotiate. And there's a strong interest that creditors have in preserving the ongoing value of DCG and seeking a settlement promptly. It's not of the interest for creditors to hurt the ongoing concern of DCG. That doesn't help the creditors, doesn't help DCG.
Speaker A: And so what factors are you looking at to determine how likely it is that they will end up having to file?
Speaker B: Well, let's let things unpack. Let's see what actually happens next week. I think the first thing I look for is May 9, is that 200 million loan payment made or not. If that's not made, none of those payments are going to be made. By the way, I don't think you're going to see a scenario where DCG makes partial payments. Either they husband the liquidity or they meet all their obligations. So May 9 is a key date to focus on. Let's see what happens there and let's reassess. Also, we don't have access to the contracts and the loan agreements, so we're making the best judgments we can based on publicly available information. I should also say that I'm not a party to any of these transactions. I'm not a creditor, Genesis not offering financial advice. I'm simply trying to get a point of view on what this does for the, for GBTC, the spreads, the price of bitcoin, et cetera.
Speaker A: So one other wrench that got thrown into the works is that late Wednesday, FTX signaled its intent to try to claw back almost $4 billion in funds from Genesis. How does that affect matters?
Speaker B: Right. It's an unfortunate surprise. It's a surprise because FTX several months ago under John Reigns, he had a slide indicating the course of action he would take to seek recoveries. And the Genesis claim was not on that slide. That's 1 second. It's been a lot of time. Months and months have passed. Of course, the last day to file any claims is what's called a bar day. That's May 25, and so we've seen this claim come in for $3.9 billion. That does change the recovery, particularly the recovery for Genesis direct creditors, and I think they're in a different position than Gemini earn. We'll come back to that. However, Genesis can argue the ordinary course of business defense. So that defense is used as a way for creditors to protect themselves from having to return a preferential payment to the debtor. There are two standards you have to meet to argue for this defense. One is that debt payment was made in the ordinary course of the business or the financial affairs of the debtor or creditor. So a margin call would be in the ordinary course of the business operations or calling back a loan due to risk management concerns. And the second thing you have to show that's according to the ordinary business terms. So it's really a legal analysis question. But I would say that there's credible grounds for Genesis to dispute that that is legitimate claim. We'll have to see that plays out. And it may simply be the case of the FTX trustee is seeking to turn over every single rock to maximize their recoveries, even if the probability of recovery is not high.
Speaker A: Do you feel then that like Genesis has kind of good arguments to fight that, or how likely do you think it is that they'll have to?
Speaker B: I believe they do. They do have good arguments. However, it really is, you really need a lawyer that can look at the prior settlements, that have experience in commercial litigation, has looked at any prior case law that's relevant to this matter. But what I've looked at is, what are the two standards? They seem to be met at the same time, though, I have not seen those contracts, I have not seen how often Genesis has called in loans in the ordinary course of their business. So those facts would matter to that analysis.
Speaker A: All right. And then, as you mentioned, the Genesis creditor group also includes the Gemini earn creditors. How did the objectives of these two groups either align or diverge?
Speaker B: This is really interesting. This is a breaking news new development. I hadn't appreciated this before. Happy to share that with you now. First, I think the Gemini earned creditors have a path to being made whole quickly and promptly as well. And it's worked. Two reasons. One is the security agreement. So in August of last year, Gemini insisted on a security agreement, and that security was in the form of GBTC that was pledged to Gemini, and that's $62 million in JBTC. So that's one. And the second is Gemini has offered up to $100 million if the Gemini earn pool accepts the plan. Right now, the plan is up in the air because creditors from the ad hoc have walked away. So I do think they have a path to recovery, and that's terrific news. However, the direct creditors to Genesis, particularly the top 75 creditors, that compromises so called ad hoc group, they don't benefit from that security agreement, and they're also not going to benefit from the Gemini earn sweetener that up to $100 million to waive these liabilities. In exchange for that, they are negotiating some other sweetener from DCG. And so these two groups are at odds. Now, the second question though, would be like, what's the voting decision making look like? So you need two thirds of the notional debt balances to agree on a deal and a majority of the creditors to agree on the deal. So the top 75 creditors to Genesis, they have about 62% of the votes. They're not enough to get there. Gemini urn can swing the vote easily, but the Gemini urn wants a deal that's on the table today. They want liquidity yesterday. So there's a conflict of interest between those two groups.
Speaker A: All right, so in a moment we're going to unpack this situation between Genesis and DCG a little bit more. But first, a quick word from the sponsors who make this show possible. Meet stator labs, the non custodial multi chain liquid staking platform transforming the liquid staking landscape. With over $120 million in assets staked and more than 40k users across six chains, Stator has partnered with 40 plus top Defi protocols like Aave Balancer, etcetera, with a unique multiple architecture and tokenomics. Ethex, their liquid staking token on Ethereum, empowers stakers everywhere to run a node with as little as four ethical and earn 35% more than solo staking. Sign up for their ETH X alpha list today and be the first to know about $1 million in Defi rewards. Join over 80 million people using crypto.com comma, one of the easiest places to buy, trade and spend over 250 cryptocurrencies. Spend your crypto anywhere using the crypto.com visa card. Get up to 5% cash back instantly, plus 100% rebates for your Netflix and Spotify subscriptions and zero annual fees. Download the crypto.com app now and get $25 with the code. Laura link in the description back to my conversation with ROM so when you look at what's happening between Genesis and the creditors, who do you feel is like, in the right, or you know, who do you feel will more likely prevail?
Speaker B: I think there are a lot of misunderstandings here and there's these asymmetric information problems and the game theory is broken as my headline. Let me walk you through that and why these misperceptions have created this dragging out scenario here. So first off, the creditors, particularly the ad hoc creditors, are upset because they view these DCG genesis transactions as not arms. Like remember that $1.1 billion loan at a 1% interest rate payable in ten years? It's not arms like, it's not market terms. And they're correct about that. They also feel that they have evidence of allegations of fraud, of accounting fraud and misrepresentation. You recall Cameron Linkovoss said that there was quote unquote unconscional behavior in December. The other part is that the former CEO of Genesis who resigned on the petition, the filing in the evidentiary hearings, he used the term we to refer to both Genesis and BCG. So people are predators are saying, like who are you representing? Are you representing genesis interests or not? And then the other very odd is the Genesis Council asked the judge if the DCG loan obligations, the may payments due next week, could be put in forbearance during the mediation term. So why was Genesis council advocating DCD's interest? So you can see why that ad hoc credit committee feels aggrieved and upset. However, here's where I think they're making mistakes. One is the $1.1 billion loan has essentially allowed these creditors to breach the veil. And these creditors want to breach the veil and go after the BCG mothership, but they've already done that. BCG has already offered in the term sheet to restructure the loans, pay a higher interest rate, pay those loans sooner, so you need faster recovery. And the creditors have upside on the sale of certain digital assets. So there's even a conversion option of debt to BCG equity between 20% to 40%, as well as a path to board seats on DCG. So in an ordinary bankruptcy, the recourse is limited to the assets of the debtor, in this case Genesis. Right. Genesis is a limited liability organization and DCG has already offered up value over and above that. So I think the asymmetric information problem is this. No one has seen the DCG balance sheet. And if youre a creditor from Genesis, youre saying, okay, I know the cash flow from grayscale. Grayscale is the cash count bitcoins gone up in value and why dont we seek recovery on that? And that can happen over time. The problem is that you cant get enough payments soon enough to make the creditors whole. I don't believe that Genesis can be made whole on their may payments. So it's an extraordinary form of bargaining leverage that the creditors have. But putting PCG through a potential default scenario is going to create yet another legal proceeding. So something like call it $50 to $100 million have been spent on legal fees here? Yeah, I dont think thats in anyones interest. I think the term sheet that was advanced most recently is quite reasonable. Its very unusual, again to go beyond the stake here. Even if you acknowledge that perhaps there was some accounting fraud. This isnt the first time investment banks have committed improprieties and you dont generally see 20 40% of equity been given to the Kleinman, theres a settlement, theres a report of something thats neither confirmed nor denied. The parties move on and you have to deal with the realities of the situation. Its like squeezing blood out of a rock. And its not in the interest of BCG to publish those balance sheet financials either. So I think this mix of emotion and misperception is causing us to drag out and the lawyers are benefiting and it's a really unfortunate situation.
Speaker A: And how common is this type of situation between genesis and the creditors where they kind of seem to come to some sort of an agreement and then things fell apart?
Speaker B: You know, it's unfortunate and it's disappointing and frustrating. Now recall prior to the petition the parties were negotiating and they went before a federal judge after the petition day and they expect an expedient resolution. As 1 second they published a term sheet and the term sheet is a framework for the deal and then the ad hoc creditor group walked away. So the lawyers have a responsibility to lead and manage their clients as well. The emotions are high, the stakes are high, and I'm disappointed in the lawyers. If you're publishing a term sheet that should be a bona fide deal. You should not be publishing a term sheet unless you feel like you've got a credible commitment from your client. If you feel like you need to gather more information, then don't publish the term sheet. And the legal fees here are significant and that reduces the distributions, the recoveries from the pie, the size of the pie.
Speaker A: So it almost feels like you think the creditors should agree to the latest terms.
Speaker B: I think its a very reasonable term sheet that balances the interests. If you were to tweak one thing, I think this fundamentally comes down to a lack of trust. BCG has lost trust with that ad hoc creditor committee group. So for those two board seats that are contemplating the term sheet, instead of making those independent board seats, perhaps those board seats can be appointed by the ad hoc header committee group. That might be a way to split the baby and create trust. Now, the DC cheat board is not going to want that. So perhaps what the genesis ad hoc predator community can do is advance a slate of potential board candidates, including the predators themselves, or not, and then have DCG assess, interview that slay. That might be a path forward to create trust.
Speaker A: All right, well, we will have to see what happens. I think there's a big meeting the day this comes out, so I'm sure there's going to be more developments in the next few days. One other thing that I wanted to ask about was the Grayscale bitcoin Investment Trust has been a cash cow for Grayscale, which is one of the companies in DCG's portfolio. And it's currently. Grayscale is currently in litigation with the SEC to turn GPTC into a bitcoin ETF. And if that happens, then that would cut fees for them. So if the judgment is in favor of Grayscale, which at the moment it sort of looks like it will, how does that affect the picture for all of these other proceedings?
Speaker B: Yeah, it's another monkey ridge. On the one hand, you would want Grayskill to prevail in their litigation against the SEC. That would unlock the so called hotel California. At the same time, we would expect to see significant amount of redemption activity as customers move to lower cost ETF products that presumably would also be approved on or around the same time. There are something like seven ETF's that are on the docket, including offered potentially by Doug, Gemini and Vanek. But what that would mean is that it hurts the cash flow generating power, the number one crown jewel of DC and GhDev. And that would hurt the ability of DCG to honor its loan obligations and make creditors whole. And this goes back to the bar point. So if the ad hoc creditor community group waits another year for another process to unfold, that creates more risk on recovery. Grayscale is a melting ice cube that melts right now at a 2% rate per year. That's the fees are extracted from the trust and there's no more bitcoin getting pledged in the trust since it's got a discount nav. But if that ETF is approved, that melting ice cube's got a hot air dryer blowing over it. It's going to melt very rapidly and that's the cash flow generating power. So they really need to move to expedient resolution swiftly. And the other side of this is from various perspective. On the one hand, the higher the price of bitcoin, the greater the capture generating power of grayscale. And to make these credits whole. On the other hand, it means that DCG has to pay out more next week. So that last payment, that May 11 payment, DCG is short 4550 bitcoin. So the amount owed on that last date has gone up from where it was in December, like 68 million to now it's like hard 30 million. So it's a really odd situation for DCG where in a way they have to hope that the bitcoin price drops next week and then shoots up sometime after that.
Speaker A: Okay, and one last thing is, so we're watching for the May 9 date, what happens on that date. We're also watching for the bitcoin price. What else would you advise people to watch for in the next week to see how this might all play out?
Speaker B: So there are a few things. One is there was an independent investigation missioned by the Genesis special committee. They were Kane, Cleary Gottlieb, a former us southern restrictive attorney. These are the best. These are the VATs attorneys out there and they were going to investigate the prude partition transactions and other allegations. We haven't seen any findings or report of that. Now in the docket, it was indicated that a summary report will be made available to the public. I have not seen that. I'd like to see that. Perhaps some of the findings from that report is the reason why the ad hoc credit committee has pulled back. I've known some of that public attendance into that. So that's one. The second is DCG. The number of questions there, no one has seen the DCG balance sheet and they're looking at top spot. If they released a balance sheet, it can make their situation perhaps more challenging in terms of their negotiation. The other part id want to know is what is the net equity position of DCG? Is that the reason why they may not have been able to refinance their loans or obtain an equity infusion notwithstanding the threat of litigation and other lawsuits flying around? The reason I call that out is being obvious. DCG pledged GBTC to Gemini earn. Good move. Gemini earned for securing that collateral. As I mentioned, however, on November 16, that collateral was foreclosed upon and liquidated, and that could have caused an impairment to the DCG balance sheet. So I'd want to understand what is the net equity position of DCG? Id also understand what GBTC is held unencumbered, meaning not pledged to Gemini earn. And whats the value of that DCG balance sheet in the end of q four financials, DCG and Coin has reported some very summary statistics. They said theres something like $600 million in the investment portfolio. What percentage that is illiquid venture, what percentage that is liquid securities. We need that to get a definitive analysis on the ability for DCG to generate its liquidity and meet its obligations. So I think those are the main ideas that you want to look out for.
Speaker A: If they make partial payment next week, what happens? Is that not a thing?
Speaker B: Well, I think it makes sense to get partial payment. If they make a partial payment, then they're analyzed cash flow. There's a reason to think in the partial payment, either you pay off all your bills on time, when due, or you don't pay any of them. And I think we'll learn which state of the world we're in on lane nine. Now, again, I don't have access to the terms. I don't see the consequences of not paying. These are, these are well negotiated agreements. So I expect that the consequences would be severe for nonpayment. Well, what happens if you don't pay? You get kicked out to an out of court workout. So the same position that we're in today, in a sense, negotiating. The question would be, would any of the creditors seek to pressure DCG by filing an involuntary petition for chapter eleven? It only takes to leap creditors to perform that action. So DCG could be in a tough spot. Another way to look at this is DCG has their own duration, this match. Laura, you know, I've talked about this in various podcasts before, where DCG has this asset called Grayscale and this other asset called boundary and Luna and Lul and Coindesk. They generate cash, they generate cash flow forward time, and DCG does not have the time. They have these payments that are due next week. And the way generally you solve these duration mismatches, you get financing for that cash flow and for that asset. We have not seen a point of that the CFO left. So not a good sign. I think things to look for in the markets would be, I would expect the spread for GBTC to widen. I would expect that the digital assets that DCG owns on its balance sheet, I would expect that those assets sell off because the market may expect forced selling from DCG. And we saw some of that in November, December. However, we don't know. If DCG chooses not to pay the May plummets, they might not actually sell those assets. We'll see how things unfold and they'll be headed.
Speaker A: And just to be clear about what you're saying there, you were saying that perhaps Grayscale might sell the bitcoin in GBTC.
Speaker B: Well, sir, DCG it would be DCG. Grayscale won't sell anything. Grayscale is a fine business. They're litigating the SEC. They're seeking to convert to an ETF. But DCG, in the run up to the three year capital collapse, they acquired $760 million worth of GBTC on leverage from Genesis subsidiary. Now, a good chunk of that sort of pledge to Gemini error. However, there's some unencumber component, meaning it has not been pledged. It is on the DCG balance sheet, and that is a source of liquidity for DCG. DCG can sell that to generate proceeds to pay some portion of this earn of $30 million. Not enough based on my analysis. But if DCG does need to sell that, then youd expect a slippage youd expect to see market impact in November. It was reported that Gemini in November 16, when they foreclosed in the collateral, they did a block sale of GPTC and it did create a market impact. And DCG and E has to make a decision on whether or not they want to sell those assets. And we also don't know did they already sell those assets? Based on the most recent ten Q filing from Grayscale, it does appear to be the case that DCG or Genesis still has a material amount of GBTC on the balance sheet, something like $240 million plus or minus on the balance sheet.
Speaker A: All right, well, this is clearly a very, very sticky and entangled situation. Thank you so much for unpacking it all.
Speaker B: Thanks ravid. Appreciate it. Thanks a lot.
Speaker A: Don't forget, next up is the weekly news recap. Stick around for this week in crypto after this short break. Ever wanted to use DeFi without being tracked? Railgun is the leading Defi privacy solution on Ethereum. It's available on BSC, arbitrum and Polygon. Two, shield your funds and use them privately in your favorite Defi apps, while Railgun's cutting edge zero knowledge system encrypts your data from public view, all without leaving your preferred chain. Yes, that includes Dex trading. Coming soon are integrations with leading yield lending and perp trading platforms on multiple chains. Defi and privacy together at last. Visit railgun.org or use the railway app at railway XYZ to find out more. Thanks for tuning in to this week's news recap. White House proposes crypto mining tax the Biden administration is pushing for a tax on crypto miners equal to 30% of their energy costs. The purpose is to cover the, quote, harms they impose on society. According to the White House's Council of Economic Advisors, the digital asset mining energy tax could generate up to $3.5 billion in revenue over the next decade, but republican opposition may hinder its progress. Nick Carter, founder of Castle Island Ventures, tweeted, I know politicians focus only on first order effects, but it bears repeating for the nth time, discouraging mining in the US would directly increase emissions associated with bitcoin mining. In other news, Bhutan's investment arm druck holding and investments and Jihan Wu's Bitdir technologies plan to jointly raise up to $500 million for a crypto mining fund. Ujwal Deep Dehal, CEO of DHI, stated the partnership aims to create a carbon free digital asset mining data center and foster a sustainable domestic economy in Bhutan as the US tightens regulations on the crypto industry. The Blockchain Association, a crypto advocacy group, is shifting resources out of New York state to focus on federal policy in Washington, DC. This decision follows New York governor Kathy Hochul's signing of a law banning fossil fuel powered cryptocurrency mining in the state, making it the first state in the US to do so. Coinbase exceeds expectations in Q one but faces legal issues Coinbase outperformed analysts expectations in the first quarter of 2023, reporting revenues of $772.5 million, significantly surpassing the estimated $653.84 million in revenues despite slightly lower trading volumes. Transaction revenue also exceeded forecasts, reaching $374.7 million against an expected $318.5 million, highlighting continued growth in the crypto exchange market. Quote, we are pleased with the pace of innovation and the results we are seeing, said the exchange on Twitter. The stock was up 8% following the earnings release. Despite that good news, earlier in the week, Coinbase faced two legal complaints. The first one alleged the violation of Illinois's biometric Information Privacy act during its know your customer checks. It claims that Coinbase's KYC procedures are, quote, unlawful due to the lack of user protection against identity theft. The second accuses its top executives of making over $1 billion through Coinbase's direct listing by not disclosing before the company's shares went public negative information such as that the company's revenue was being compressed or that it planned to do an additional $1.25 billion private sale in new convertible notes that would dilute existing shareholders. Coinbase denies both allegations, calling them, quote, frivolous and meritless. In other news, Coinbase announced the launch of the Coinbase International Exchange, allowing international users to trade perpetual futures out of Bermuda. The platform will initially offer bitcoin and ether derivatives with five x leverage, with more listings planned for the future. This move comes amid a bitter dispute between Coinbase and us regulators as the company seeks to compete with other crypto exchanges in the offshore derivatives market. Economist and crypto analyst Alex Kruger tweeted, us regulators are succeeding and pushing crypto abroad. Surprising revelations about Crypto Bank Portico Trust denied application a recent investigative report by New York Mags Jen Viechner has unveiled new information about crypto bank Portico Trust application with the Office of the Controller of the currency, the US's chief bank regulator, which had previously been denied. Valued at $2 billion, Portico had received conditional approval in 2021 and raised over $100 million from major crypto companies, including Coinbase. An anonymous source familiar with the matter has now revealed that the denial was due to a technicality that the regulator had never before mentioned to Proteco. Despite securing the necessary funding before the deadline, the OCC stated that the reason for denial was that the funds were not physically in the bank. However, Portico was previously informed that the money transfer was required only four days before the official opening. Portico founder Greg Gilman said, quote, we courted regulation. We did everything that was required. In the end, it feels like there was an unannounced and unexplained policy change that derailed our efforts. This situation, along with others, seems to be another data point that the theory that there's a coordinated effort to cut the crypto industry off from the banking sector, which is dubbed Operation Choke, .2.0 has merit. Former OpenSeA executive found guilty of insider trading in a groundbreaking verdict, Nate Chastain, ex head of product at non fungible token, or NFT, platform OpenSeA, has been convicted of money laundering and wire fraud in a federal court in New York. Chastain was accused of profiting from insider knowledge, making over $50,000 between June and September of 2021 by purchasing nfts he knew would be featured on OpenSea's homepage. He would then sell them after their prices had jumped. To cover his tracks, Chastain had used anonymous wallets and accounts. Us attorney Damian Williams stated, quote, Nathaniel Chastain exploited his advanced knowledge, of which nfts would be featured on OpenSeA website, to make profitable trades for himself. Williams emphasized that despite the case involving digital assets, Chastain's actions were nothing more than fraud. Prosecutors filed charges against Chastain in June of 2022, marking the first insider trading case involving digital assets. Chastain now faces up to 40 years in prison. Celsius founder fights New York fraud allegations former Celsius network CEO Alex Mashinsky has filed a motion to dismiss the New York state complaint against him, which alleges securities fraud and accuses Mashinsky of making false and misleading statements about the safety of assets deposited with Celsius. In his response, Mashinsky argues that the crypto products offered by Celsius were neither securities nor commodities and blames the company's failure on other forces, such as the TerrauruSd stablecoin collapse. Meanwhile, Celsius and its creditors are seeking to merge its UK and UK entities, alleging that the distinction between the two was a, quote, sham and resulted in billions of dollars being fraudulently transferred between them. The company argues that the two entities should be treated as one for bankruptcy purposes, which could prove crucial to recoveries for customers and series B investors. Poloniex settles sanctions charges crypto exchange Poloniex has agreed to pay a $7.5 million fine to settle a civil liability lawsuit concerning apparent sanctions violations. The US Treasury Departments Office of Foreign Assets Control alleged that Polonieux allowed customers from Crimea, Cuba, Iran, Sudan and Syria to trade $15 million worth of digital assets on its platform between January 2014 and November 2019. If you want to learn more about this, read my book the Cryptopians. In a statement, the department emphasized that all financial services providers, including online digital asset companies, are responsible for ensuring compliance with OFAC sanctions. Layer one blockchain Sui launches mainnet Sui, a layer one blockchain developed by Mistin Labs, launched its main net on Wednesday. Here's Unchained reporter Sam Sriram reporting the news from a video we released that day.
Speaker C: Sui is a designated proof of stake blockchain that runs on a modified version of Moob, a rust based programming language that was created by developers working on Meta's DM blockchain initiative. The project was actually founded by four former meta engineers who created the entity behind the blockchain, Mistin Labs, in 2021. So far, the firm has raised? 336 million over the course of two funding rounds and is valued at 2 billion. Blockchain boasts a peak throughput of 297,000 transactions per second and a network of 100 globally distributed validators. The scope for this high speed blockchain to run a new range of decentralized applications is perhaps one of the reasons why it has garnered immense support from the crypto community.
Speaker A: Justin sun reverses multimillion dollar transfer after warning from CZ Tron founder Justin sun has reversed a $56 million true USD transfer to Binance's launch pool after getting called out by Binance CEO Changpeng Zhao. The significant transfer raised concerns that it would be used to buy up large amounts of Sui tokens, which are meant to be airdrops for retail users rather than concentrated amongst a few whales, according to CZ. In response, sun explained that the funds were inadvertently transferred by team members who were unaware of their intended purpose and that their primary objective was to enhance liquidity and trading volume between leading TUSD exchanges. Binance later confirmed the refund and reallocation of the 278,752 farmed SUi tokens to its TUSD liquidity pool. Blur unveils new protocol for NFTs on Tuesday, NFT marketplace Blur launched a new protocol, dubbed Blend to boost liquidity for nfTs. I interviewed the company founder, Titian Rokare, who goes by Pac man. Here's what he said. Why is it that Blur decided to.
Speaker D: Launch NFT borrowing right now in nfts, there's pretty much no financialization. So there's billions of dollars worth of nfts trading every month. But there's, there's absolutely no, you know, pretty much zero financialization at all. If you look at most financialized markets, like the housing market or the crypto market, you know, every big market grows through financialization. So even if you look at, like bitcoin, for example, 90% of bitcoin volume is from derivative volume. It's not from, you know, spot volume. Similarly, in the housing market, it's, you know, the majority, when people buy their houses, they buy it with a mortgage. They don't pay all the money upfront. And nfts today, we're still at the very early stage of this market where there isn't any sort of financialization.
Speaker A: Dubai regulator reprimands three AC founders Dubai's virtual assets Regulatory Authority has issued a written reprimand to three Eros Capital co founders Su Xiu and Kyle Davies, along with three others, for operating and promoting their new digital asset exchange, OPNX, without the required local license. The regulator stated it will continue investigating OPNX's activities to determine if further corrective measures are needed. The exchange, which launched last month, has been offering virtual asset exchange services without proper regulatory licenses, according to a statement from the regulator. Balaji Srinivasan closes bitcoin bet early former Coinbase CTO Balaji Srinivasan has prematurely settled his bethe that bitcoin would reach $1 million within 90 days, donating a total of $1.5 million to three different organizations. Srinivasan made the bet after consecutive bank failures in March, predicting the us dollar's collapse and hyperinflation would propel bitcoin's value. The bet was closed with mutual agreement, and Srinivasan donated $500,000 in USDC to chaincode labs give directly and Twitter user James Medlock, the entrepreneur said, quote, I burned a million to tell you they are printing trillions, referring to the Federal Reserve led by Jerome Powell, which this week raised interest rates by 25 basis points one more time, time for fun bids. PayPal announces that Venmo users will be allowed to trade crypto unchained Ginny Hogan gives her take on this news.
Speaker E: So PayPal has announced that it's going to let users begin trading crypto on Venmo. Why is PayPal allowed to do this? Because they own Venmo. Decentralized icons for the win given the number of people who think crypto is a scam, I do love the idea of being able to passive aggressively send money to someone. I feel like this is gonna be huge on first dates. Like, hey, have some of this money you don't believe in, but it could be big. I mean, 74% of Venmo customers have held crypto in their accounts for the last year. To be fair, the last year hasn't been a great time to sell crypto, but Venmo is going to cap crypto coin purchases at $50,000 a year annually. This is intended to ensure responsible trading risk management and to limit the number of tweets that start with I lost my life savings trading crypto on Venmo a thread Venmo is in many ways the perfect place for crypto, since you can't make a Venmo transaction without saying what the transaction is for. And no one should buy cryptocurrency without being able to explain why. Like don't try Dogecoin until you're absolutely sure that therapy is not going to work.
Speaker A: Thanks so much for joining us today. To learn more about Rom Genesis, negotiation with creditors, and how all this affects DCG, check out the show notes for this episode. Unchained is produced by me, Laura Shin, with help from Kevin Fuchs, Matt Pilchard, Zach Seward, Juana Ranovich, Sam Sriram, Ginny Hogan, Jeff Benson, Leandro Camino, Pama, Jemdar and Shashank. Thanks for listening.
