Speaker A: I think that this is sort of 2024 is going to set up to be the choppy period where it's time to accumulate before you get the blow off top in 2025 into 2027.
Speaker B: Hi everyone. Welcome to Unchained. You're a no hype resource for all things crypto. I'm your host, Laura Shin, author of the Cryptopians. I started covering crypto eight years ago and as the senior editor at Forbes.
Speaker C: Was the first mainstream media reporter to.
Speaker B: Cover cryptocurrency full time. This is the December 29, 2023 episode of Unchained.
Speaker C: Hey unchained listeners, as you know, it's hard keeping up with the fast paced world of crypto, so we've got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. you'll get the latest crypto news and original articles from our reporters, as well as summaries of other happenings and bullet points, plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. It's still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot. This episode is brought to you by Uniswap. From their self custodied wallet to zero gas swaps, Uniswap is building products for safe and seamless swapping across defi. Visit app dot uniswap.org to get started. Arbitrum's leading layer, two scaling solution offers you ultra cheap and lightning fast transactions, all with security rooted on Ethereum. Visit arbitrum IO today. Vaultcraft is your no code defi toolkit for customizing non custodial automated yield products on any EVM chain. Join the referral program today and start earning rewards. Learn more at Vaulcraft IO just a quick note before we start in the year in review show Tuesday at minute 24, I misspoke and said the word coinbase when I had meant to say binance. The corrected language is in June, the SEC came back in full force. On a Monday, it sued binance for mishandling customer funds, lying to regulators, and selling unregistered securities. The next day, it sued Coinbase for operating its trading platform as an unregistered securities exchange broker and clearinghouse. Apologies for misspeaking, and now onto the show.
Speaker B: Today's guest is Arthur Hayes, cio of Maelstrom.
Speaker A: Welcome, Arthur hello, thanks for having me.
Speaker B: Thanks for joining for the last episode of the year, we're at a very interesting moment in the intersection of what's happening on both the macro level as well as in crypto. And I've heard you talk in recent interviews about the banking sector in the US being in a bad place, pretty much for the same reason that Silvergate and SVB went under, possibly signature. You've also talked about how you think that there's going to be a lot of money printing. That's going to happen fairly soon, and not just the uS, but even like in other jurisdictions. And at the same time, obviously, we're looking at spot bitcoin. ETF's about to launch in the US. So how do you think all these different factors will come together next year?
Speaker A: So, as I've written in a number of my essays, I think one pretty good, almost double happiness about this massive amount of money printing that needs to happen between now and say, like, 2026, 2027, is that the gates are closing to what a friend of mine, David Dredge, at Convex Strategies, calls is sharp world. Basically this fake accounting construct that we have in the financial and economic world, where you follow all these rules and all these accounting rules and make up all these numbers and claim that youre making money, but in an economic sense. And we deflate everything either by the feds balance sheet or global central banking balance sheets, or the price of energy like hydrocarbons. Most people have lost money in real terms, investing in just about every financial asset. And people are starting to recognize that. That's why crypto is up so much in the best performing asset since 2008, especially when we had the global financial crisis. And the great thing about this particular episode of fiat, the basement, and governments have been doing this even before Rome, which is printing fake money, handing it out as if it means something. And when you get into trouble, you just print more of it. We're not doing anything new. We have computers that do it now in ones and zeros, but it's literally the same thing. But for the first time ever that people have a way out. We have bitcoin. We have this new financial system which can run a whole stock, spawns tokens, whatever you want to call it. We can run all this stuff on a decentralized network ourselves, and we can take our capital and move it out of tradfi and into defi, into bitcoin, ethereum, into other different types of primitives and tokens and whatnot. So for the first time, we have an escape hatch and now that people are recognizing that, oh, shit, all this capital is not going to sit there in the banking system and be ripe to be stolen from by governments who need to inflate away this debt, we have an exit. Now it's time to convince people that things like a bitcoin, ETF in the west, and whatever they're going to call it over in the chinese financial system is the way to escape. But you're not really escaping, just giving your money to somebody else who's in the tradfi system. So that's this push and pull that's going on right now. And obviously, we're starting to see the price of bitcoin react positively since the FTX debacle in November of 20. November of last year, bitcoins went from 16,000 to, was it now 45,000? 45,000, whatever it is, right? And all the while, the banks are supposedly not printing, but they are printing money. If you actually look at how much money is going into the banking system or interest payments on government debt, it's very stimulative, and that's what bitcoin is telling us. And now bitcoin, and I guess tech stocks, magnificent seven in the United States, and those tech stocks are on a tear because liquidity is there for the right type of thing. So I think that this is sort of 2024 is going to set up to be the choppy period where it's time to accumulate before you get the blow off top in 2025 into 2027. That's really how I'm approaching the world right now.
Speaker B: And so that's expressed in a price term way. You say you're expecting kind of a blow off top at that point. So I don't know what you're saying there. Are you saying that you think that's when the bubble is going to burn the crypto? Because we've had these cycles, right? Every four years in Krita, we tend to have these bull markets, and then there's kind of like the, like, long bear market that takes like, two years to play out or whatever. So are you saying that you think that that's going to happen again, or are you saying that.
Speaker C: Well, okay, actually.
Speaker B: So let me, let me give you the alternative, and I just want to reference your essay where you wrote about the punishment that Binance and CZ received. And there was a very interesting section here where you talk about, you basically compare the punishment that Binance and CZ Changpeng Zhao, the former CEO, got versus what some big banks and their executives have gotten for basically bigger infractions. And then you say, what does this absurdity tell us about our beliefs? And then you say, it tells me crypto is one of the most important political, financial and technological developments in civilized human history, that you guys are all creating this parallel financial system, blah, blah, blah. And then you talk about how this is the first time where people can own what you call this new era of the bedrock of a new area of a digital human society. So when I was reading that, I was feeling like, I feel like Arthur is saying there's some monumental thing happening that will be in the history books. And so I guess this is a two part question. Sorry, it's a very long question. I'm asking, first of all, so what is that vision of, like, where this is going historically, and then how quickly do you think that will happen? Do you think it's going to happen, like, in a couple of years?
Speaker A: I think we're at the unwind of the post world war two arrangement of the global economic political system, which is us on top. Everybody else services the US in some way, shape or form. And the chart that I like to show, and I think I've put in a few. If you guess, if you look@the.net international investment position of all the major economies in the world, you basically see the US is at, I think, -3 trillion balance, and then China, Japan and Germany represents that 3 trillion. So what did we create after World War two? The US said, hey, do what we say, and we'll let you sell stuff to us and we'll loan you money. Obviously, they did the Marshall plan in Europe, and Japan was essentially an american colony for a bit after the war, and China was allowed to join the WTO in 2000 to play by our rules. We will open up the biggest consumer market for you to sell stuff to, and we will de industrialize our manufacturing base. That put us in power, essentially, to let you sell stuff. And that was the arrangement. And we can see that in the chart that is creating issues that are very systemic. And I think that arrangement is going to change. So I know what the new arrangement is going to be. I don't. But the entire financial system that we have had since World War two is predicated on that relationship, and it's breaking down. And we're seeing that in the various skirmishes around the world and periphery portions of the american empire. We're seeing that in a resurgent China economically. We're seeing that in the BRICS. Plus, we're getting together and saying, why are we invoicing our goods between each other in dollars? Shouldn't we just use our own currencies or gold? So we're seeing all these people challenging this order because it doesn't make sense for them anymore. And so we also have this thing called crypto, which is a neutral asset, which nobody controls, no one government is the sponsor of crypto. It's controlled by us all, globally, collectively. And that is also going to benefit as well as we move away from this US centric economic and political model that weve had for the past 80 years. So I think were coming to a head this time because the Fed and other central banks, every single financial crisis, theyve essentially started to inflate another bubble, the last bubble. And the most important is the government bond markets, which have been inflated since COVID times. And now were starting to see that break down. Were starting to see the correlation between stocks and bonds flip, where people are now starting to be concerned about, okay, well, how much money do all these large governments have to print in order to make good on these promises they made to the people that they control? And it doesn't make any sense. It's unsustainable. At 360% debt to global gdp, you're at over 100%. That that's growing faster than you can service it. Unless we find some new energy miracle, it's mathematically going to fail. And the investing class is starting to realize that right now, because you've seen a 30 year US treasury bond is down 50% in price terms from August of 2020 until today. That's absolutely a bloodbath. And so as people start to contextualize that and realize that this 60 40 portfolio risk parity or all these things that they believed about, the volatility reducing, return enhancing aspects of government bonds doesn't work anymore. In a new global environment that is inflationary and nothing us led, then all this capital needs to find a new home. Obviously, some people are going to choose gold, but there is a lot of people who are younger, like, well, I don't believe in gold, but I believe in my smartphone and what I can do on the computer. This makes more sense to me, this being crypto.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. I mean, I mean, it's very, it is very fascinating. I do agree that a lot of kind of the financial markers are saying that something new is happening, but I just want to hear you talk a little bit more like, what do you think that's going to look like? You know, I know you know that probably, you've probably heard at least that Balaji springing of Austin talks about, like, this concept of this nation state. We have these daos, like, and yet at the same time, like, the notion of just these governments that are tied to these physical jurisdictions, like, that's a very real thing. I feel like that's going to be a hard thing to change. So I just wonder, do you just see these two financial systems existing alongside each other? Like, just talk a little bit more about what you think that will look like, let's say, yeah, 510 years from now.
Speaker A: I think the game changing aspect is artificial intelligence, or AI. What are these economic and political things that we are creating going to do out in the wild? And we have no idea. I posted some theories about why. I believe that an AI wants to centralize money and decentralized compute, power and storage and all that kind of stuff, but we're adding, essentially a new organism to our human universe. It's a silicon based organism, but it still has its own things like to do to survive, and it's going to coexist with us politically and economically, and it's going to completely change the ways in which governments and people interact, because now we can do something much cheaper and faster using an AI. We don't need a lot of people doing all these jobs, these analog jobs that we've created in the last industrial revolution in the past 200 years. So I don't know what the future is going to look like, but I don't think it's going to be just a. Okay, well, you're based in this piece of land that is called x. Therefore you must do this. Well, okay, well, can I just use this other non state thing, this AI, to do all these things I'd like to do. And this AI cannot be controlled by any one government and is going to take resources and knowledge anywhere it can to grow and fulfill whatever the mission was initialized to do. So I think that's the spanner in the works. And whether that's a network state or what have you, we're not going to go back to the concept of the nation state, which is basically this idea that we came up with in really the 19th century about how we want to organize ourselves politically. Now we have this new organism that we've created. It has a different idea of what politics means. So human and computer politics is going to be something that's going to completely change how we are governed.
Speaker B: Super interesting. So we're going to talk about that a little bit more later, but I do want to also ask then a little bit more about these spot bitcoin ETF's that are going to launch. And so I know obviously you are a crypto og, and yet I was curious, if you were a normie and you were thinking of buying bitcoin for the first time next month when these ETF's launch, would you buy a bitcoin ETF or would you buy bitcoin? Advise somebody in that position?
Speaker A: So I think people need to think, what's your goal? Is my goal to buy a financial asset to make more fiat, or is my goal to save in a hardened energy currency that's outside of the system and a different financial network? So choose one if you want to trade and earn more fiat, great. A bitcoin ETF is great. Depending on where your capital is housed. Maybe you have a bunch of fiat that's sitting in a retirement account or it's managed by somebody and there is just no way for you to get that money out and buy physical bitcoin. I get it.
Speaker B: Cool.
Speaker A: It's a trading vehicle. It is not a store value. It is not a new financial system. You aren't escaping the system. You're just trying to earn more filthy pieces of fiat. Cool. Use ETF if you want to actually have financial freedom and a store of value that maintains its purchasing power and energy has it comes with its own financial system that is outside of tradfi. Then you must buy bitcoin, withdraw it from the exchange, and self custody in your own wallet. There are the only two choices, but you have to think about what youre trying to do.
Speaker B: Huh. Okay. Interesting. Im assuming that you personally, though, you dont custody your own, you probably, maybe you dont want to talk about your setup. I don't talk about my setup. I should have guessed. I should have guessed. And then another question. So there's likely to be a whole plethora of issuers to choose from. There's going to be Blackrock, arc, grayscale, bitwise galaxy. I mean, there's so many. So for people who are looking to buy a spot, bitcoin ETF, how would you think about how they should choose.
Speaker A: Total expense ratio on the website? They're going to, they're going to tell you, uh, okay, here's how much I'm charging you. They're all going to use the same exchanges and brokers and custodians. They all have the same systemic risks. It's really, it's literally like, who has the cheapest one? At the end of the day? That's it.
Speaker B: Wow. Okay. It's I mean, maybe it's predictable, so maybe it was not the best question. Um, but how much do you expect to flow into bitcoin ETF's in the first year?
Speaker A: I have no idea. But what I do expect is that if this happens, then im still on the fence of whether or not some people are saying its early January, whatever it is, theres some date next year that the ETF happened. So theyre going to announce, okay, bitcoin ETF is approved, it starts trading on maybe a week or two later. I dont know how quickly these things happen. And the price is going to go fucking bananas. Its going to go up so much because people think that all of a sudden, as soon as ETF opened, theres going to be this rush of creations into all these people who wanted to buy bitcoin for the last over a decade, or all of a sudden rush into the dtfs. And if Blackrock and all these guys are going to be having to lift offers everywhere and buy all this bitcoin, that's not going to happen. Money was going to flow in, but it's not going to flow into the extent that people expected to initially at least. And so I think it's a buy the rumor, sell the fact kind of situation if you're a short term trader over the long term, if we really are witnessing a mindset shift of the 60 40 portfolio, which is, I believe it's 60% equities, 40% bonds, whichever one it is, if that is really dead and invested, managers start to believe that. And people are taught that in school and schools like where I went to school, Wharton and Columbia Business School and Chicago and all these places, that started to be the thing that I taught the kids and investment managers then we're going to see a lot trillions and trillions of dollars worth of bonds that are no longer going to be owned. That money is going to flow into crypto and it'll be, you know, flow into one of these ETF's because as an investment manager, again, you're trying to earn more fiat, not trying to support a new financial system, so you're going to use one of these derivatives to get your exposure.
Speaker B: So we're talking a little bit over a year after the FTX debacle, and obviously we had the conviction of something been freed. That whole thing obviously was a huge black eye for the industry. And yet during the period that Sam was a billionaire and all this stuff, there were a lot of people in crypto who kind of got taken in by him. And you wrote a very thought provoking essay about him called White Boy. Highly recommend to everybody who, if anybody's not read it. But I wondered, what was the main takeaway you'd want the industry to have about FTX or Spfdenne or, like, what lessons would you want the industry to have learned from that?
Speaker A: Well, number one, SPF and FTX is a centralized thing. It failed because of too much leverage and rising interest rates. That has happened in every single financial crisis ever. That's literally always the cause. And crypto survived. Bitcoin blocks are still produced. Ethereum blocks are still produced. We still had DeFi primitives that worked without fail. So our ecosystem worked perfectly. It was tested. There's no central bank that had to bail them out. There weren't, you know, the us treasury secretary bending a knee to that, to some politician and beg for money to bail out, haul his fucking old cronies and Wall street. We didn't do any of that. Everybody took their pain. There's a lot of pain, and now we're much better for it. So I think it proved that what we are creating is a hardened financial system that reacts quickly to stress and can survive. So, yes, very sad that a lot of people lost a lot of money. Maybe they'll get some in the back of, I guess, the Ftex estate, minus all the billions of legal fees have to pay to those blood sucking lawyers, can recover some of those assets. But I think it proved that what we are building really does work.
Speaker B: But for the industry itself, are there certain things that you'd want crypto people to have learned in terms of the.
Speaker A: Lesson, stereotypes usually lead to bad investment decisions. So if you're investing in something or somebody because that's what's always been done, or you just innately believe this person because of whatever factor, just check yourself at the door and think, okay, let me actually do some analytical analysis of my own thought process of why I would trust this person. And if it's just because this type of person has always been trusted, you should have a red flag and make sure that what you're actually putting your money into makes sense.
Speaker B: So there's another big debacle in crypto that hasn't fully resolved yet. It's also flown a little bit more under the radar, and that's DCG. And just remind listeners about this whole thing. There are the parent company of bankrupt crypto lender Genesis, which is now suing DCG over money that the parent company borrowed from Genesis. And meanwhile, we have grayscale which is the other subsidiary that is most likely going to have its grayscale bitcoin trust turned into a spot bitcoin etfeminal. And that trust already has $25 billion of value in it. So, you know, not a bad start. So what do you think will happen with the whole DCG Genesis grayscale thing?
Speaker A: I mean, it's a complete clusterfuck of, you know, Barry Silbert lending money, borrowing money between himself, you know, lawyers doing lawyer things. It's super complicated. And then obviously the Winkle boss twins are owed something like $900 million from the earn program where they gave money to Genesis, and Genesis gave it to sue and Kyle, the three year olds blew it all. So I don't know. I have no idea what's going to happen. Obviously, the crown jewel is the grayscale trust because it mints, like, I don't know, a few million dollars of fees every year because of the massive management fees that he's able to charge, he being Barry Silbert. So I don't know. Courts are going to do court things, lawyers are going to do lawyer things, going to pay a lot of money in fees, and something will happen, but who cares? It doesn't matter.
Speaker B: Oh, wow. Okay. But what do you think? So you don't think that there will be any particular impact on either crypto or do you think that there's a particular best outcome here?
Speaker A: I don't know enough about the details of who's swing, who, and what they're asking for. I mean, hopefully the Gemini customers get their money back. Maybe. I don't know. Probably not.
Speaker B: But yeah, definitely. They're the.
Speaker A: They're the ones centralized companies doing centralized things. There's always fucked up. Just, you know, stick with bitcoin.
Speaker B: All right, so in a moment, we're going to talk about other areas of crypto, but first, a quick word from the sponsors who make this show possible.
Speaker C: Uniswap X is the newest product from Uniswap Labs, which aggregates liquidity across market sources to give you market leading rates. And the best part is, Uniswap X costs zero gas. That means you don't pay any gas on swaps with Uniswap X. If zero gas fees weren't enough. Uniswap Labs is excited to announce that the Uniswap app is now available on both iOS and Android. Start swapping seamlessly with products from the most trusted team in Defi. Visit app dot uniswap.org to get started. Arbitrum stands at the forefront of innovation as the premier suite of layer two scaling solutions, bringing you lightning fast transactions at a fraction of the cost, all with security rooted on Ethereum. From Defi to gaming, Arbitrum one plus Nova is home to over 500 projects, and with the recent launch of orbit, Arbitrum welcomes you to build your very own tailor made layer three, or an orbit chain. Propel your project and community forward by visiting arbitrum IO today.
Speaker B: Back to my conversation with Arthur not long before we started recording, you tweeted that you had dumped all your soul and bought etH, and you said that you expected it to go to $5,000. And weirdly, I also noticed that before, when you had bought the soul, you said that you were embarrassed to have done so. So tell us about your thesis on.
Speaker A: Ethereum and Sol so I am a pseudo eth maxi my thesis is the ethereum network has the most amount of developer talent and energy surrounding it. It has obviously a very large market cap compared to other layer one, decentralized blockchains, decentralized compute blockchains. And I think that moat is insurmountable from others because whatever others do, they say oh theres this one part of what ethereum does. I can do it better, faster, whatever it is. Im going to launch a new chain and investors whove gotten in early have done very, very well, but on the first run up. But can these networks actually deliver and get as many people as possible to build on their chain versus Ethereum, which is different than saying there is a uniswap or dex on ethnic product amm on eth. I'm just going to launch one on Solana, on say on Avalanche, on pick your fucking layer one blockchain. I'm just going to copy and paste what I originally did on Ethereum. Now that doesn't mean that there's not going to be some original primitives developed on these other change, but as of right now, the majority of the creativity starts in Ethereum and is copy pasted into these other chains. And maybe these other chains were able to optimize one particular facet of the Defi economy, but I don't think any of them have the whole package. So Solana obviously very good marketing. A lot of the, the actual applications built on top of it have very, very good ux like the phantom wall and stuff like that. Very very energized community and coming out of the whole spf FTX debacle have re energized this chain. And it's gone from like $7 now it's close to $100 or whatever it is right now. So it's a great momentum play. And so I jumped on momentum play as a trader and try to hype it up because that's what I do. But at the end of the day, I bought soul as a trading vehicle. I'm going to sell it and take the profits and do something else. And maybe I'll rebuy if it corrects down 40 or $50 again and write it up again, because there is a lot of energy there. People really believe in this, and you can't not trade it. I like these sort of things. That's the great thing about crypto. It's so trend momentum focused that if you just buy into that vertical chart, you can make some money.
Speaker B: So one question, because I believe that there was a point in time when you were not a believer in Ethereum, like very early on or not even that early, but yeah, I think there was an essay like 2018 or so where you called it a shitcoin, and then now you are definitely a true believer. So do you see?
Speaker A: I mean, it's still a bitcoin. It's not bitcoin. Everything that's not bitcoin.
Speaker B: Oh, okay.
Speaker A: I love shitcoins, though. I say with love, I make a lot of money trading shitcoins. I'm not going to sit here and say that I don't trade shitcoins. I love shitcoins. I'm a shitcoin trader.
Speaker B: Okay. So you can see you put it in the class of shitcoins, but you're a believer in it. And I think you said maxi.
Speaker A: Yeah. In terms of decentralized compute power, I don't think Ethereum is money. So I know that wrinkles some in the community. I believe that bitcoin is the only real crypto money. Ethereum is the decentralized computer, and it's a commodity that runs this decentralized computer. And they're two distinct different things. I believe that in 2016, Ethereum community proved that they care about the computer more than they care about money. When after the Dao hack, they roll back the blockchain to get new people back their ETH because they cared more about their computer gaining attraction and use case versus eth being money, which is fine. Choose a vertical that you want to play in. It's fine that it's just a computer and not money. And so that's sort of my market taxology on these sort of things.
Speaker B: But what about now where they have this new monetary policy and ETH is basically more deflate or it's deflationary, whereas bitcoin is not.
Speaker A: I think if that got in the way, if ETH got too expensive and I gas fees were too expensive, then they would do something to change that because they care about usage. And so, yes, it's deflationary right now, but that can change. It was inflationary before, and they changed it to deflationary. So they changed the monetary policy to suit their goals. If they believe that's going to further the use of the computer, that's what the community is going to decide. If it needs to go back to inflationary again at some point in the future, I believe the community will decide to do that because it wants the EVM to be the most used, decentralized computer versus being the hardest form of cryptographic money.
Speaker B: I see. Okay, so you don't see anything about Solana that might make you change your mind?
Speaker A: Not as of yet, but I'll trade the fuck out of it.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: That community is definitely. They're very riled up right now. Something else that's happening, I'm sure you're very well aware, is that there's a ton of meme coins that are taking off. Obviously, bonk is kind of the main one. But I. Pepe Doge. I mean, you know, just. There's some long name also. It ends in Enu. I don't even remember all of these. But anyway, they've been doing very well in recent weeks, and I know that you seem to be a fan of them. So how do you see meme coins kind of fitting into the whole crypto markets?
Speaker A: So, I mean, it's a big fuck you to tradfi, right? We're taking this printed money that these governments are churning out, right? So we're going to buy these fucking dog coins, and there's going to be people make a lot of money on them, or we're going to talk about all intelligently about what these things do when they don't do. But they're pieces of shit. It's fine. Everyone knows they're pieces of shit, but it's fun. And when you've debased the human value of time and labor by printing all this money, this is the kind of shit that we do. So I think it's great that we actually have a way to basically say we're going to get up in our pajamas and trade these fucking dog coins and make a lot of money. And while some motherfucker sitting in a suit in an office, like, crunching away at some spreadsheet, right? So I think it's funny, and I think that's the ethos that these things bring to the table. Like, yes, you could have something super serious like bitcoin, but I'll change the way we do money. Or we could trade fucking dog coins and dog with hat and all this fun stuff. So I love it. It's fun. It's all part of the whole movement of taking this thing called finance, demystifying it, making it fun, and hopefully making some money out of it.
Speaker B: And do you think they have either any staying power, or is there anything beyond just the fact that they're fun?
Speaker A: I mean, that's a big thing. Culture is a big. Is a big deal. I think it's part of the culture. And there will be some of these coins that stick around for a very long time because it's integral to the culture that we call crypto.
Speaker B: So I'm sure you know that there is a controversy in the bitcoin world about ordinals and BRC twenties. These meme coins that some kind of bitcoin maxis basically say are taking advantage of what they are calling a vulnerability in the bitcoin code. They're saying that these transactions are spam. And because you are a believer in bitcoin is money. I wondered, but you are also a fan of meme coins. I wondered what your take was on this controversy.
Speaker A: We need people to pay for the bitcoin block space, to do whatever they want to do with it, right? If there's no one paying fees, then the miners don't keep their machines on. Just that simple. It's not up to any one person to say what is the right and wrong way to put this data into the blockchain. That's not our job here. We present this ecosystem, we present a means of time stamping, immutable piece of data, but it's up to the world what they want to put in there. So I think it's a great thing that now human culture is going to find its way into the bitcoin blockchain and it's going to pay for that privilege.
Speaker B: So we're in probably a moment where I guess it seems like stablecoins have kind of found that they're a niche. They're one of the few applications of crypto that I really think has actually kind of found a product market fit. Sometimes when I talk to mainstream people, theyre like, whats bitcoin used for or whats crypto used for. And I can very easily point to that you have invested in a new kind of stable coin, Athena. And yet here we already have all these centralized stable coins. So where do you see that whole market going in terms of the centralized stable coins, the decentralized stable coins? And where do you think this will eventually go?
Speaker A: So I'll use tether as an example and I don't have any ill will towards the people who founded tether and I think they run a great business. However, tether is great because it's called the us banking system refuses to offer a similar product. So you have the people who own tether and it's a very small handful of people make something like, I don't know, four or $5 billion in free cash flow every year and they do fuck all and good on them for creating this product. It's basically an interest rate play, but they basically take dollars, they stuff it in a bank account and then they go buy treasury bills and they earn the spread. Now why the fuck is the bank letting them do that? The person who's running that bank is a fucking moron. Because you literally, I don't know very many banks who have that sort of profit margin doing the same thing because tether cannot exist. And tether and any of these other stable fiat stable coins, the way they're structured, the centralized ones, cannot exist without a bank clearing and holding their money. Yet they make way more money per employee than a bank. That doesn't make any sense. So in my mind at some point jet, Yellen or whoever's in charge of US treasury is going to say okay, Jamie and all the other muppets who run these traffic banks, you are allowed to do a tethere and they're going to be like great, we're just going to offer a JPMorgan coin and it's going to be used everywhere around the world. There's not going to be these questions about the legality or whether it's a security or whatever. It's, you know, it's fucking JP Morgan. They run the US banking system right? It'll be used all over. None of these trust issues. And overnight tether has no more business. Because you're going to use tether or are you going to use the japanese point? You're going to use a JP Morgan point. Tether has found a great niche because the large banks refuse to do this business. I dont think its refused. Im sure theres probably some political angle of why theyre not allowed to do it, but that could change overnight and then theres no more tether which is fine, well still have a stable coin. Itll still work the same way. Its just that these centralized companies in crypto will not be doing it anymore and it wont be crypto people making this net interest margin. Itll be the same banks because at the end of the day, they dont have any defensible business because they rely on the banks to custody of their funds and allow them to trade debt instruments. So with Athena, and this is, I posted this as an essay, I think knock a dollar or whatever, we can create a synthetic dollar using perpetual swaps and ETH staking yield, which is the Athena innovation. But instead of relying on a banking system that's hostile to crypto, we rely on restaking protocols like lido or crypto centralized exchanges. So we rely on each other to peg this asset versus relying on those who wish to disintermediate. So that's why I think from a fundamental perspective, something like Athena makes sense. Obviously, it's up to them to execute this. Something like tether is great on the people who created it for fighting this part of the market that the us banking system refused to service. But if you make $5 billion a year in free cash flow with like, probably ten employees, there's no fucking way that the bank is going to sit there and let you make that kind of money when you rely on the bank of and of itself to custody your money. So that's sort of how I see the stable coin ecosystem.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, I agree. It's going to be very interesting to see how that plays out. So I find your thoughts about this interesting because we started this conversation where we were talking about how you thought that crypto and AI would come together, and you've written about how you think bitcoin will be the currency of choice for AI's. But that was a little bit curious to me, because since most of the world, or not, I shouldn't say most of the world, but since the dollar is the currency, that is, you know, that a lot of transactions are denominated in, and I'm sure you very well know that the vast majority of stable coins also are pegged to the dollar. Why is it that you think bitcoin will be the currency rather than something that's more dollar denominated for AI?
Speaker A: Money is just energy transformed. Right. Whatever dollar gold, bitcoin, it's supposed to maintain the purchasing power of energy over time, and we judge its effectiveness if it does so. Right. If I have an AI, what's my chief concern? I need energy. I need to run a computer that has a copy of myself and allows me to learn and to do the thing I'm supposed to do, which is essentially electricity. So I need to choose the currency that best holds value. Or from a fundamental perspective, is just energy. The dollar is not energy. Its a government construct, and they pledge to allow you to buy energy in that currency. Gold is not energy. Its a collection of atoms that the universe had decided that this means gold. Bitcoin literally is just energy. Spend electricity to solve a cryptographic proof, and therefore there is bitcoin. So from a fundamental perspective, bitcoin is the purest form of monetary energy. And if I'm an AI, that's what I want. The second thing is, as an AI, I don't speak lawyer. I don't hire lawyers to go and interface with the human system. I speak computer code. Bitcoin is computer code, so I can speak in a native language the currency that I choose, and it is inherently electricity. Therefore it's the best choice if I'm thinking of what I need to do as an economic unit, as an AI to survive and to buy services purely in electronic and Internet enabled compute forward fashion.
Speaker B: And on a technical level, I just think also about things like the fact that the block time in bitcoin is so much slower than on other chains. Does that even factor in, in your view at all, or.
Speaker A: No, I don't think so.
Speaker B: So you think like AI's will just. They'll exchange payment every ten minutes rather than.
Speaker A: I mean, there's lightning network, so I mean, there's all sorts of. Maybe there's going to be some sort of layer two. Who knows, right? There's. It's what we. What are we, like 15 years in, 16 years in like the minuscule amount of time of what bitcoin is? Who knows what it's going to represent when you have another organism that cares about the direction of the network organism being silicon based thinking machines?
Speaker B: Yeah, that is true. Obviously, we are very early in bitcoins days, and it's going to have its 15th birthday scene, which is super exciting. So you spend most of your time in Asia, and I'm sure you're very well aware that a lot of movement and a lot of the know crypto community has kind of moved over to Asia or a lot of activity. So I was wondering just how you're seeing, you know, now that we have these different jurisdictions that are instituting regulations for crypto in Asia. Like, you know, how do you see the kind of crypto adoption or the crypto community evolving at this moment in time.
Speaker A: I think people in Asia just. But everyone else in the world, apart from very, very wealthy asset holders, everyone has the same problem. Everyones government is inflating away a massive pile of debt. Theres different reasons why the debt was taken. Like Chinas property, United States is bombing people in healthcare. So it depends on why the debt was taken out. Therell be different sort of solutions of extend and pretend, but at the end of the day, we all have the same problem. And so there will be different flavors of regulation to reflect the local political situation in a particular country. But at the end of the day, the goal is, let's keep as much money sitting in the tradfi system as possible and dissuade people in any way, shape or form. I'm converting their depreciating fiat piece of paper into something like bitcoin, which is outside of the system. And I think that is in essence, the goal of all global macroeconomic regulation with regards to crypto. And maybe it's not banning crypto per se, but it's just making it difficult and hard and annoying for you to send fiat to an exchange, buy bitcoin, move it off the exchange, move it into your own wallet.
Speaker B: And there was some concern that China would use blockchain technology or even its digital yuan, to try to push the US dollar from its status as global reserve currency. And I wondered if you thought that there was some likelihood that that might happen.
Speaker A: I think this is one of the biggest misconceptions, is that China wants to be the reserve currency issuer. If you think about what America has become since 1971, its a de industrialized financial ghost town, right? All the manufacturing firms left to Asia and China and other places. And what you have is hyper financialization of the economy, hyper asset inflation. You have top 10% of people in America, own 60% of all assets. So you have a massive underclass of people who are very upset, and gun violence, drug overdose, all these things are symptoms of the same thing. Is that what China really wants from a country in 1949, who essentially fought a civil war and had the great leap forward and all these sort of issues in the sixties and seventies, is that the model that they want to emulate? I don't think so. I think what they want to do is the us dollar is a hindrance in that if they save it, they know they can be stolen, just like what happened to Russia and a lot of other countries with their reserves, which they thought were assets, which are no longer. And so what they want to do is they want to use yuan and trading with their major trading partners. That's the goal of the ecny. It's if a tourist in China is going to Singapore, why spend a dollar derivative here? I'm just going to spend this electronic CNY. We're going to create the clearing mechanism so that can happen. Hey, I'm trading with Saudi Arabia. Why am I using the dollar? Why don't we just swap CNY? Hey, I can make a nuclear reactor for you. This is China. I can build ships for you. I could build semiconductors for you. What do you want? I have the global manufacturing base and if you need to save CNY, buy products from me. We don't need to use the dollar. Do I want to become the global currency issuer? Do I want to open up my capital account and have a financial crisis because of my over levered property sector? Absolutely not. I want to stay closed, but eliminate the dollar from any trade flows. I do not want to be the global reserve currency issuer. So I think the US dollar will continue to be the fiat global reserve currency. But less and less trade when it doesn't have to is going to be conducted in the dollar. But no country wants to be the american dollar issuer. Leave that to America and all the issues that it causes.
Speaker B: Okay, yeah, that's, that is a little bit different from what some other commentators are saying. So last question. You know, you have shifted obviously from the work that you were doing with BitMex, where you founded this, and then you were the CEO for a long time, and now you are the CIO of Maelstrom, which is your family office. So tell us a little bit about your investment thesis or kind of different developments in crypto that youre interested in.
Speaker A: So again, the thesis is crypto is the best expression of fiat debasement. You can buy stocks, you can buy real estate, you can buy gold, you can buy crypto. And I think the best way to save money in constant energy terms is to, uh, deploy capital into crypto. And thats basically what my family office is here to do. I have an investment professional named Akshat Vaidya who is, he runs the early stage book, doing token deals, you know, that kind of stuff. I do most of the liquid trading, like my Solana pumping and dumping and other things like that. So its basically a trading vehicle. I love trading, I love financial markets. I find it a lot of fun. Obviously some people, when they've made some money, employed people to do this. This is what I like to do. So I do it and then it gives me some ideas to write about stuff, whether it's in macro or crypto or economics. What's interesting in crypto, was it this deep pin is that's another big narrative that's using blockchains to incentivize people to take over parts of physical infrastructure. Obviously, the staking ecosystem around eth, I think, is going to only become more important. There's going to be so many different types of, with staking derivatives and ways to decentralize the actual action of staking and earning these yields, thats going to be super interesting. And then as we get this bull market going in late 24, coming into early 25, once weve surpassed all time high and probably market cap of crypto, then its time for the dog shit season where you just throw darts at the wall, make money, but make sure you understand that this is going to be a massive bubble and you need to get out at some point. So that's sort of how I look at the world. And yeah, I'm really enjoying basically working with a few individuals and trading and.
Speaker B: So do you think that in a few years we're going to have one of those bubbles and then a long bear market again, or.
Speaker A: Absolutely.
Speaker B: Oh, okay. So you're not, are you a believer in the super cycle notion where at a certain point we won't have that?
Speaker A: Well, we are in a super cycle. Right. Bitcoin is moving higher lows right after, after each crisis. That's, that is a super cycle. It's not like we're breaking this in, you know, FTX, but we'll see. Are we going to break through 70,000 again? I think we all, we will by the end of 2024. But at the end of the day, that is what we are trying to, trying to do. And so, yes, of course there's, there's cycles, but the cycle is on up into the right sort of situation. We are not in the secular decline as of yet. There will be some point, I imagine, in the future where the bitcoin value of energy has reached a level which is too high and well have to have a major correction. But I dont think were there yet. We have so much capital trapped in the fiat fi system that needs to find a way to escape. The crypto door is very, very small, and it wont fit everyone. A lot of people wont make it. That is, I fully believe that this isn't for everybody. Nope. Not everyone wants to have financial freedom. A lot of people are perfectly happy being a donkey and getting their ass kicked by tradfi over and over and over again and just complaining about it and not doing anything about it. So, again, that's sort of how I see the world.
Speaker B: All right, well, I think it was our last interview. I asked you a non crypto question at the end, and I'd like to do that one more time. I'm a big fan of meditation, and you tweeted that actually, in meditation, the Lord God or something. Forget you said the Lord gave you a message to sell your soul for eth. So I'm just curious to hear about your meditation practice. Like, you know, what, what kind of meditation do you practice? Why do you do it? Just tell us about it.
Speaker A: So in the morning, I have a problem where I have very, very tight hips. So I have a whole sequence of poses that I do every day in the morning to help me get better. That especially since I ski and I'm in the ski season, I ski every day of the week for, like, four to 5 hours a day. So it's very important that I stretch every morning. And so, you know, I'll be sitting there on my block, just letting thoughts come through my mind, whatever it may be. I'm not trying to control what it is. I definitely am not at the point where I have, like, a blank mind and nothing is happening. I'm just, you know, sitting as an observer to whatever things that want to pop into my consciousness at the time. And, you know, sometimes a trade will come into my mind, like, oh, okay, yeah, I had this idea I'm going to, you know, get out of soul near $100, and then it got near $100. And so what do I do? Well, do I ignore that signal of what I said I was going to do or do I not? Right. Depending on how you feel, then youll change your mind or you wont change your mind, but its these thoughts that come through your head without sort of an active engagement that sort of will give you ideas about certain things. So I like the practice. Its very good. You put down your phone, youre able to, like, switch off for an hour, move your body, and, you know, things come in your head.
Speaker B: So it's, so it's a, is it like a spiritual thing or just.
Speaker A: No, a moment of quiet health thing? Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay. Well, you know, I agree that that's something really sacred in the day and super helpful. Anyway, Arthur, it's, you know, a pleasure, as always. Thank you so much for coming on unchained.
Speaker A: Awesome. Thank you.
Speaker B: Thanks so much for joining us today. To learn more about Arthur and Maelstrom, check out the show notes for this episode. Thanks for listening.
Speaker C: Defi just got way easier with Volcraft, your no code toolkit for building, deploying, and monetizing automated yield strategies in a few clicks. Forget spending months of R and D and capital when you can instantly launch your crypto fund with Vaultcraft on any EVM chain. From wallets and institutional service providers to anon Defi Degens, anyone can use Vaultcraft to supercharge their crypto. Join vault crafts referral program, unite with the community, and supercharge your crypto details on Vaultcraft IO.
Speaker D: Welcome to this week's crypto roundup. In today's recap, we delve into the us court's ruling against terraform labs, Barry Silbert stepping down from Grayscale's board, and the Solana surge. We also cover India's action against offshore exchanges, the SEC's admission in a fraud case, and more. Thanks for tuning in to the weekly news recap. I'm Megan Christensen, our producer here at Unchained. In a significant legal ruling, a us court sided with the securities and Exchange Commission against Terraform Labs and its CEO, do Quan. The court found terraform labs guilty of offering and selling unregistered securities, specifically Luna and Mir tokens, violating the securities act. However, the court granted summary judgment for the defendants on certain claims related to security based swaps. The decision comes amid allegations of a multi billion dollar fraud by terraform labs involving misrepresentations and untruths in their cryptocurrency offerings. The case is set to go to trial on January 29, 2024. Silbert exits grayscale board amid regulatory tensions this week, Barry Silbert, CEO of Digital currency Group, made headlines by stepping down from the board of Grayscale, DCGs high profile crypto asset management firm and issuer of the Grayscale Bitcoin Trust. This decision arrives amid a backdrop of intense scrutiny, with DCG facing unresolved allegations that some have compared to the infamous Enron scandal. Though the claims are yet to be proven in court, the submitted evidence has raised significant concerns. Ram Aliwaliya, CEO of Alternative investments advisor Lumeda, commented on the issue, suggesting that Silbert's departure might be geared towards bolstering Grayscale's prospects for an ETF approval. Ali Walia noted Barry's resignation was Sondenshine's Xmas gift, referring to Grayscale CEO Michael Sonnenschein. This shift in leadership is perceived as a potential move to grant Grayscale more independence amid the ongoing investigations by the SEC into DCG under Silbert's leadership, Mount Gox commences repayments with double reimbursement reports the longstanding Mount Gox saga took a new turn as the defunct exchange reportedly began reimbursing its creditors. Notably, some payments were made through PayPal, marking a crucial step in resolving a case that has lingered since the platform's infamous collapse in 2014. However, in an unexpected twist, reports emerged from creditors claiming they received double reimbursements from the Mount Gox trustee. This surprising development adds a layer of complexity to the ongoing repayment process, which aims to address the financial losses incurred by thousands of users following the exchange's failure and Solana surges amid mobile setbacks expand stablecoin reach in what can be seen as a Christmas present for Solana believers, Sol surpassed the $100 mark for the first time since April 2022, reaching a high of $123 on Monday. The surge reflects growing investor confidence and marks a notable recovery for the platform, which had previously faced several challenges, including multiple network outages and the collapse of major supporter FTX. Even though Seoul is still 60% down from its all time high, the token is up over 900% over the past year. Simultaneously, Solana Mobile encountered a hurdle. Unable to fulfill all the orders for its crypto integrated Android phone due to inventory management issues. The phone went through a buying mania due to the possibility of receiving airdrops of valuable meme coin bonk. In another development, Paxos announced plans to bring stablecoin issuance to the Solana network, diversifying beyond its Ethereum based operations. Ethereum layer two tokens soar this week, optimism, a leading Ethereum scaling solution, saw its governance token op reach an all time high of $4.12. Although it's now trading at 380, this marks a significant year over year growth of over 330%. As a layer two blockchain, optimism plays a crucial role in enhancing Ethereum's efficiency, with $5.65 billion locked in smart contracts. Other major l two solutions on Ethereum, such as Arbitrum and Polygon, also saw their token surge in value, with arb and matic rising 35 and 30%, respectively, over the last seven days. Simultaneously, Ethereum co founder Vitalik Buterin proposed methods to simplify Ethereum's proof of stake mechanism. This includes maintaining 8192 signatures per slot to reduce systematic complexity, ensuring easier participation in staking and bolstering network security. These proposals are part of Ethereum's ongoing efforts to enhance scalability and accessibility. Airdrop hunters and staking protocols fuel market buzz over the past few weeks, we've seen an aggressive pursuit of new opportunities by airdrop hunters, as well as the impressive performance of liquid staking protocols. In a striking display of enthusiasm, Airdrop hunters have already invested over $400 million into Manta's network, Ethereum layer two blockchain Manta Pacific eagerly anticipating the distribution of a new token. In parallel, the recently announced blast network has already amassed an astonishing $1.1 billion in deposits, a significant achievement considering it's more than a month away from going live. Additionally, December saw Swell's liquid staking protocol attract over 125 million inflows simultaneously. This week, Eigen layer, a restaking protocol on Ethereum crossed the $1 billion mark in total value. Locked scams, hacks and rug pulls got away with $2 billion in 2023. A report by security app Defi claimed that crypto users lost nearly $2 billion to scams, hacks and rug pulls in 2023, a figure roughly half of the previous year's losses. Ethereum experienced the brunt of the losses, with about $1.35 billion loss in 170 incidents. While the BNB chain and other networks suffered significant exploits, researchers at DeFi attributed the reduction in losses this year to improve security protocols and increase market awareness. In one recent incident, Lavona, a perpetual swap protocol on the osmosis blockchain, fell victim to an exploit resulting in a loss of over $1.1 million from its liquidity pools. The exploit took advantage of a congestion attack on the osmosis chain and vulnerabilities in Levanas systems. Also this week, Telcoin, a financial application developer on the Polygon blockchain, suffered an exploit leading to a 40% drop in its token price. This incident caused a drain of over $1.2 million from affected accounts. Telcoin identified the root cause as an issue with the proxy implementation of its wallet on Polygon, affecting primarily wallets that have never initiated transactions and Hong Kong advances crypto regulation with stablecoin licensing proposals this week, Hong Kong's financial regulators, including the Hong Kong Monetary Authority and the Financial Services and Treasury Bureau, proposed a mandatory licensing regime for fiat backed stablecoin issuers. The move aims to supervise stablecoin operations and guide prospective issuers in compliance. The proposal aligns with Hong Kong's ambition to become a regional crypto hub, having already recognized retail crypto trading as a regulated activity since June. Last week, Hong Kong also outlined the requirements for spot bitcoin. ETF's Eddie Yoo, head of the HKMA, commented on the potential of stablecoins to serve as an interface of between traditional finance and crypto, suggesting further integration and emphasizing the importance of stability in digital payments. India targets offshore crypto exchanges with compliance notices India's financial intelligence unit issued compliance notices to nine prominent offshore crypto exchanges under the Prevention of Money Laundering act. The targeted exchanges, including binance, Kucoin, Hubie Kraken and others, are accused of operating illegally in India without adhering to the PMLA provisions. The indian government is also initiating steps to block the URL's of these entities. The action follows India's March mandate requiring crypto businesses to register with the FIU and comply with anti money laundering and counterterrorism financing regulations. Despite the mandate, several offshore exchanges catering to indian users reportedly have not registered, prompting this latest decisive action by the FIU. Donald Trump linked wallet sells for 2.4 million ETH a portfolio believed to be linked to former president Donald Trump reportedly sold off approximately 1075 Eth, valued at around 2.4 million, according to Arkham intelligence. This sell off followed a period of the portfolio accumulating ethereum through Trump NFT royalties, with the peak balance reaching 4 million. Arkham, which has been monitoring this specific blockchain data for months, initially identified these assets back in August based on financial disclosures filed by Trump SEC amidst missteps in crypto fraud case against debtbox, the SEC admitted to serious errors in its case against crypto firm Detbox. The SEC expressed deep regret, end quote, that inferences were represented as facts when it sought emergency measures such as acid freezes, but argued that it didn't act in bad faith. Despite these admissions, the SEC has urged the court to not impose sanctions against it. The case involves Debtbox allegedly defrauding investors of $49 million by misrepresenting investments. The SEC's response includes mandatory training for its staff on accuracy. And that's all. Thanks so much for joining us today. Unchained is produced by Laura Shin with help from Kevin Fuchs, Matt Pilchard, Juan Aronovich, Megan Gavis, Nelson Wang Shawshank and Margaret Correa. The Weekly recap was written by Juan Aronovich and edited by Nelson Wang. Thanks for listening.
Speaker C: Unchained is now a part of the Coindesk podcast Network. For the latest in digital assets, check out markets daily seven days a week with new host Noel Acheson. Follow the Coindesk podcast Network for some of the best shows in crypto.
