Speaker A: February will close as probably the largest monthly candle in bitcoin history at $20,000 candle. So truly it's been quite a wild ride the past few days and weeks.
Speaker B: Hi everyone. Welcome to Unchained, your no hive resource for all things crypto. I'm your host, Laura Shin, author of the cryptopiens. I started covering crypto eight years ago and as a senior editor at Forbes, was the first mainstream media reporter to cover cryptocurrency full time. This is March. Welcome to our 1st 2024 episode of Unchained. Uniswap makes it easier and safer than ever to access defi seamlessly across desktop and mobile. No more clunky experiences, just clean, simple and smart. Visit smarter dot uniswap.org to learn more. With iTrust capital, you can buy and sell crypto in a tax advantage retirement account, enjoy significant tax advantages 24/7 access and the industry's lowest fees. Polkadot is a leading layer zero blockchain with over 2000 developers, and the Polkadot 2.0 upgrade will be a massive accelerator for the ecosystem. Join the Community@polkadot.net work ecosystem community hey unchained listeners. As you know, it's hard keeping up with a fast paced world of crypto, so we've got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot. You'll get the latest crypto news and original articles from our reporters, as well as summaries of other happenings in bullet points, plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. It's still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. again, the URL is unchained crypto dot substack.com dot.
Speaker C: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker D: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless everybody get.
Speaker A: 30 30 Biddy get 30 bid to get 20. 2020 Biddy get 2020 a bid to get 15. 1515, 1515, just $15 a month, so.
Speaker C: Give it a try@mintmobile.com.
Speaker B: Switch $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited more than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot. Today's guest is Alex Thorne, head of firmwide research at Galaxy. Welcome, Alex.
Speaker A: Hey, Laura, great to be back. Thanks for having me.
Speaker B: It is a big week for bitcoin. We're near the previous all time high, with bitcoin trading at about 61 62k as of recording time. It's about 20% in seven days. And yet it doesn't feel like we're quite in the full throes of a bull market yet. So at this point, what would you say are the main drivers of this surge in price?
Speaker A: Absolutely. The ETF flows have been a huge driver, I would say the primary driver of what we have seen, and frankly, they've been far outpacing what we expected. In fact, the last time I was on your show, we discussed what we expected, and we said 14.5 billion in net inflows in year one. We said it was a conservative estimate and our methodology was conservative. But now you're looking at an ETF complex, bitcoin ETF complex that's already had seven and basically half of that in under two months of launching. So about 7.1 billion, last time I checked, of net inflows into the bitcoin ETF's, that's net of grayscale outflows. And even in just the last, last 20 days, even we were up 20% or so. And by the way, ETH also up about similarly, even slightly more. Actually, February will close as probably the largest monthly candle in bitcoin history at $20,000 candle. So truly, it's been quite a wild ride the past few days and weeks.
Speaker B: Yeah. And I definitely want to dive into all things ETF, but we also like, for bitcoin's history, it's really been a retail driven asset. And so I was just curious how the long term holders are reacting to this price increase. Are you seeing them sell or are they hodling?
Speaker A: I would say about 75% of bitcoin supply is currently held by long term holders by this is mostly glass nodes metric of 155 days or more. But if you look at annualized, what we call the hodl waves, it's also largely in the hands of longer term holders. One, two, three, or plus holders. We have seen just in this last couple days, which has really seen basically a small but parabolic. Not small, but a small parabolic increase. Right. Not like parabolic the way like, you know, December 2017 was, for example. But we have seen a slight transfer of coins from longer term holders to shorter term holders. But keep in mind also some people are selling their bitcoin to buy the ETF. Like specifically, there are some early whales that would rather have an ETF form. So, I mean, I don't see that as problematic. And by the way, even when you look at that chart over multiple cycles, like the minor transfer, the minor dip in long term and increase in short term, it's not close to what you would consider a market top on those metrics, like historically. Right. Because most parabolic moves are driven by net new entrants, like people coming in and buying a lot. Again, think December 2017, November 2021. So they have to get the coins from somewhere. It's often from earlier holders taking gains and selling to new entrance. You've seen a tiny bit of that, but we're not close to what I would consider, like, a top indicator at all.
Speaker B: Yeah. And you wrote up this research note where you also talked about something called the MVRV Z score. What is that, and what are you seeing there?
Speaker A: This is a great metric. I mean, so the Z score sort of just transforms the metric into something you can look at as like an oscillating signal. But in general, it stands for market value to realize value. But think about market capitalization as a metric, right. It's just the circulating total supply of an asset times its last known price multiplied by its last known price. So you have 19.7 million coins in circulation on bitcoin, and the current last known price is $61,000. You multiply the two together, you get over a trillion dollars. That's the market cap. Pretty straightforward. We all know that metric, the realized cap, is quite interesting, and it's a different way of valuing the network. What we're doing, instead of just taking the last known, all those coins, valuing them equally, and applying today's price to them, we take each coin on the. At the price that it was last moved on chain, in bitcoin terms, each UtXo at the price it was created. Right? So, basically, if you buy a coin for $100 in 2012 and you haven't moved it since it's sitting inert in your wallet, that coin only gets valued at $100. Right? So, and we do that for the entire bitcoin supply and come up with an aggregate number. Right. And so that can. The reason you do this, the usefulness, is that it gives you an idea of bitcoin cost basis across the entire network. So, realized value is lower than market cap. Realized cap should be lower, most likely, unless everybody bought their coins today or at the same exact price as today. By comparing a ratio of the two, we can get a sense as to whether historically speaking, bitcoin is currently over or undervalued. It's a great metric. And then again, we can transform it into more of an oscillator that shows us peaks and troughs in it, rather than. But even just looking at. I would encourage people to take a look at realized cap in general, which is just a line like market captain. It's not an oscillating metric. It's a very interesting concept, personally. And by the way, you can also get realized price from that. So you can say, what should then the price be? If you take that realized cap and then divide that by the current total supply on every day of a time series, and you can actually see what the realized price might be, which is the price of people's cost basis. It does get strange. And I do want to point out, we're talking about when the coins moved. Obviously, if I consolidate coins into my own control that I already own, then I haven't sold, right. So it relies on a heuristic that if the coin moves, it maybe was sold. I think is a fair thing that has limitations, as the audience will know. And by the way, we'll have increasing limitations going forward because of non monetary uses of bitcoin, which are becoming more common and also because of the ETF's. These ETF's, among many things, and impacts that they will have, they will disrupt the use of on chain data, because when shares of ETF change hands, coins may not ever move on chain. So even things like addresses with a balance or the length of holder times are going to all start to get a little bit janky because you're taking a large portion of bitcoin supply, perhaps much larger over time as they grow, and basically making them inert, custodial. That's going to impact the usage of the network and thus the analytics you can do off of it. But again, on this metric, we're not close to market tops either. This is a very good metric in my opinion. Overall, it doesn't require a lot of extrapolation. The main heuristic is just the one that I said, which is that it assumes a move is effectively a change of hands, when it may not be, but a lot of times it is. And again, we're just not close to market peaks on this. I don't rely too heavily in general on, on chain indicator type signals that are derived from on chain data, sort of market wide ones, but there are a few that I like. And this is one.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. Just visually, when you look at it, you can see, it's really down near the bottom compared to certain times historically and then other times, it's definitely. You can tell it's definitely overpriced. Right, right, exactly. So you also mentioned how bitcoin futures open interest right now is different from past times when the bitcoin price was up. So what does it typically looked like when the bitcoin price was at a previous all time high, and how is it different now?
Speaker A: Well, in particular, where we are in the so called cycle is, I think, even very interesting because let's call it 52 days from the fourth halving in bitcoin. Right. So that's just assuming that it happens on around April 20, which is when it will happen on or around. Right. We're guessing, but we'll say it's expected then. So 52 days before the second halving, bitcoin was trading at $455, and that was a 60% below its prior all time high, which is about like 1300 or so, 52 days before the third having. Now, think back to early Covid. Right. That was because the third having was May 11, 2020. 52 days before that, bitcoin traded at $6,174. That was 68% down from the prior all time high, which, as our audience will remember, was about 20,000 from December 17. So now we're 52 days out from the next halving, and bitcoin's trading at 61,000 as we speak. That's like 10% down from all time high. Right. So very, very different looking than prior cycles. And I wrote this note because a lot of people are. People are actually on twitter. You're seeing people talk about this. I've been asked about this. Is that bad? People are like, is that bad? Well, what if we top too soon? Right? Does that mean the cycle will be shorter? I mean, don't get me wrong, I get it. We're all. Not all, but those of us who are following, including you, for sure, been following this market closely for a long time. It's easy to get neurotic about things like, wait a second, are we supposed to go up after the having, not before? Isn't that something that we all kind of have known for ten years? And I'm just here to say that none of that matters. And this time is different. And you can't underestimate the impact of the entrance of giant pools of capital through these new vehicles. But I will say also the recent client action we're seeing. Think about this. You have a wave of new demand that's driven by the access to new market access vehicles that is unlocking new giant capitals pools of capital. $48 trillion in the US is the wealth management and financial advisor aum. Almost none of that money has, has had historically any way to allocate to bitcoin. Not the closed end trust, not the cash shuttle futures, not any real way, not. There was no sub accounts on Coinbase for an advisor to open up their things and do right. So that alone is a giant pool. And by the way, those still haven't even turned on yet. Really. You're starting to see some announcements that they will or they're considering it and stuff like that. But that is leading to a wave of new demand that is smashing against a programmatically scarce asset, of which, like I said, 75% is held by long term holders. And many of those are diamond handed zealots. We know bitcoiners, people love their bitcoin. They want to hold their bitcoin. They believe in it. It's not just a stock that they own, it's a movement. Right. So that is just a dynamic that is. Well, I mean, look, you can see what it's doing. I mean, we're already, again, like we're basically, effectively, we've, when we traded at 64 this week, like effectively, that is the all time high. Like, we weren't over 64 in 2021 for more than a day or two. So it's, it's, we're, we're back.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, I. All these indicators are really promising. And especially, you know, just the fact that we have this whole pool that hasn't had access before is, I think, the major catalyst. So in a moment, were going to talk more about the ETF's, but first, a quick word from the sponsors who make the show possible. The Uniswap protocol is the largest decentralized exchange with billions of dollars in weekly volume across thousands of tokens within the Ethereum ecosystem. But Uniswap is more than just a protocol. Uniswap Labs builds tools to help users swap smarter with easier, safer self custody. Products that provide users access to defi, Uniswap's market leading liquidity from their world famous web app, mobile wallet. And coming soon, the Uniswap browser extension. No more clunky experiences, just clean, simple and smart. Visit smarter dot uniswap.org to get started. Did you know you can buy and sell crypto with tax benefits in an individual retirement account? Itrustcapital makes this possible. But what does this mean when you buy crypto outside an IRA, like on an exchange, you face taxes on gains, but in an IRA, like a Roth IRA, gains can be tax free. ItrustCapital also has some of the lowest fees in the industry and 24/7 accessibility. Start now and maximize your retirement savings with itrust capital. Back to my conversation with Alex. So as we've already mentioned, the ETF's are the biggest driver in this activity. And so, you know, we have talked a little bit about the kind of fact that this is tapping a whole new constituency that hasn't had access before. But I wondered, here we are about a month and a half out from the launch, and we're seeing kind of this first wave, I guess, of these different investors. Who do you think is part of this first wave? Because today, which is Thursday that we're recording, we got an announcement that bank of America and Wells Fargo are going to start offering bitcoin ETF. So if they weren't part of the game earlier, then who do you think has been buying and who do you expect will make up part of the continued part of the wave?
Speaker A: These after launch were really only available on retail brokerage trading platforms such as Fidelity and Schwab and Whatnot. Your e trade, even for all I know, I'm not actually certain that all of them do. I know Fidelity did. But these are platforms. When I call them retail brokerage, it doesn't mean small mom and pops hedge funds can trade on these things. Also family offices, high net worth individuals. So when I say retail, I don't, what I mean is they may not be like institutional entities. And I also mean they're not necessarily advisor managed accounts, right. You go to Fidelity.com and open up a brokerage account like you were able to buy almost on day one, right? These ETF's. So it's driven by those platforms. And when you hear about like say big banks, like the ones you mentioned, like adding them to the platforms, I actually read that announcement and they're really only adding them to non advisor. They're kind of doing what fidelity is doing. They have their own brokerage platform, which lets people open up stock trading accounts and theyre adding these approved ETF's to the things you could buy there. I think the real unlock comes when the wealth management platforms affiliated with those banks and broker dealers, again, Maryland, and I think you said Wells Fargo, these are ones, they have wealth management businesses. Its when the advisors who do fully non discretionary accounts, as in where you cant trade, but your advisor trades for you. Those advisors, if they're not independent, if they're affiliated with a big bank or broker dealer. They can only even choose from options that are allowed by their platform. And they're quite strict on this. There's suitability issues. They have to wait. You can't just add a brand new vehicle. You got to wait and make sure it works and that there's not risks and stuff. So even if they want to add the bitcoin ETF's, they have to go through a whole process, and I can't remember which, but one of these said that they were actually streamlined. They've got so much demand that they're streamlining the review process from 90 days down to 45 days. But again, there are even platforms, by the way, plenty of them. That they might not allow something that trades totally fine is totally legal and safe process wise. They just don't like it. For example, there are some wealth management platforms that don't allow their advisors to put people into cannabis. ETf's why? They don't like it. They don't want them to do it. So there's discretion. That doesn't exist. Now, if I'm Alex Thorne, CFA, with a storefront in my local town, and I'm a financial advisor, I probably use an independent white label type platform like fidelity, Pershing, Schwab, they offer like, the back end for someone like me. Those are. Those are what we call independent Rias. They are much more likely to have earlier access. But the big bank, I mean, the banks and BDS themselves are 40 of the 48 trillion that I talked about, and they really aren't here yet, but many have announced that they're, like, doing their process where they look at it. Sometimes they call it seasoning, even where it's available. So far on Wells and Merrill, in that announcement that you referenced, they are saying they'll let some advisor managed accounts do it if they ask for it. And what that means is they're not able to solicit for this. That means that they can only offer it to the extent they are offering it at the moment on an unsolicited basis. That means they can't put it in sales decks and go out and sell that. You should get into bitcoin, but if a client pesters them enough, they might allow it. So we're not even there. Eventually, we'll get to a place where major wealth manager management platforms allow their not only add it to their advisor menu, but they also let their advisors go out and pitch it. And that's when you're really going to. Then you're going to start having people at all these places explaining to investors what the halving is and what Satoshi did. I mean, it's going to get really interesting. It's one of the things I'm very bullish on for the halving coming up isn't so much the like, supply event, which at this point, obviously the impact of it decreases by half, theoretically every time. And at this point, on an absolute basis, it's not going to be like that big of a supply shock in the scheme of things. But what I'm bullish on is people learning about the having, because one of the best ways to learn about bitcoin is to learn what the halving is and how it works. And it's not just going to be people like me and you explaining it now. You're going to have people from Blackrock and Fidelity and Invesco like TJ. So it's going to be a huge marketing and educational event that will showcase, of course, one of bitcoins prime features, which is its programmatic scarcity.
Speaker B: So if you're saying that we have about 40 trillion of the 48 trillion that you mentioned had previously not had access to the bitcoin ETF's, and they're kind of coming online and they're going through their processes right now, how do you see that intersecting with the having? Typically, we've had this bull market after the having as we've talked about, it's already kind of started. So I don't know if you saw that JP Morgan came out with a report projecting that the bitcoin price would drop to 42k post having after what they called the having euphoria would subside. Curious for your thoughts, kind of on both that and just generally how you see all these different factors, the having.
Speaker A: And then I'll take the JPM point first on the having, and then we'll talk about like what's going to drive it going forward, including the having and the turning on over time, by the way, that turn on for those platforms, when we have a whole report on this where we argue, we explain how it works, and we make projections on how long it will take for the whole thing to turn on. And we're talking one, two, three years is what we looked at. But you're going to see a constant stream of announcements over the next three to 24 months that are such and such wealth platform is turning on access. And some will happen sooner and some will take years. And that's how we, when we came up with our estimate for inflows that's the primary driver we use. We held the amount that people choose to invest in bitcoin flat. We said 10%, choose to do 1%. But what really changes is the amount of addressable AuM, and that is driven by when these platforms turn on. So it's going to be a constant, steady drip of these catalyzing headlines that such and such big platform is turning them on. And by the way, those headlines aren't just headlines. The underlying news is that new Aum is now accessible, so they're potentially inflow driving events. As to the having. I didn't see the report. I read the story in the block about the report, and I would say it sounds like what they're arguing is that because the marginal cost of production will go up, basically, and bitcoin tends to find the marginal cost of production in mining, that bitcoin should go down to meet that cost. And this is just an interesting argument to me. They're claiming a correlation between bitcoin price and the average cost to mine a bitcoin. Effectively, this is effectively the labor theory of value, which is widely discredited in a way of determining valuation period across all sectors and economic thought. So I'm surprised to hear that come from JP Morgan. I will say that here's the driver. It's not the marginal cost of bitcoin mining, it's flows, flows, flows. That is the driver of price right now. And as I've described, I think there's plenty of reason to believe flows will oscillate, but continue. I mean, not everyone has access yet, and like I said, it's going to take a while for them to get access, but they're going to be continuing to get access over time. Again, our entire analysis on this didn't, doesn't even assume any kind of greater uptick in bitcoin adoption, just people who might want it now, getting access to do it right. It's a very conservative analysis. And like I said, we said 14.5 billion in year one. We're already at seven and it's been less than two months, so I think we'll probably end up coming in on the under there.
Speaker B: So there's something interesting. Obviously this week we saw this huge run up in price, but then we had a little mini correction on Wednesday, even again on Thursday, because I saw that the price has ticked down a little bit over the course of the day. So I wondered what you thought accounted for that. On Wednesday we had things like the coin, like Coinbase going down or showing zero balances I didn't know if you thought that had affected the price or if it was just people taking profit or what.
Speaker A: Yeah, well, look, it's healthy. Let me just tell you this. The last three days, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday of this week, it was a parabolic move, right? You went from 50 to 60 to 64 at one point. People need to chill. You want staircase up, you don't want elevator up, can cause elevator down. We want something to build a more foundational base here. So I think it's totally healthy. Anytime you run like that, some correction should happen. In general, I'm not that concerned right now as we speak. Like I said before, it's about 61,000. We were at 64k for about 30 minutes when we traded up that high. We've been, I think, pretty consistently over the last 48 hours or so in the 61 or even 60 to 63 five range. That's fine. You have to remember, the absolute numbers are going to start to get really wacky. The higher this thing goes, you're going to see like a 1% decrease. Could one day be like $2,000. Look, I will say it has been quite volatile. You've got professional traders, then you've got giant inflows into these ETF's. And again, that capital is likely much more inerthe than fast trading crypto money. And it certainly isn't bitcoin. On an exchange which may be exchanged for ether, which may be exchanged for dogecoin. I would say as the ETF Aum goes higher over time, volatility should decline, because especially if a lot of it is end up being owned by advisor managed accounts. Advisors don't go in and day trade all their and client accounts every day. They set targets and make theses and periodically may rebalance. They may change the thesis at points, but again, not like date, theyre not going to be like, oh no, bitcoins. And to be clear, a lot of them want the volatility because thats what helps keep, like on a risk adjusted basis. Thats part of the thing that makes it work so interestingly as part of a portfolio. But again, it will decline because if you set a target, were going to put Laura in 59% stocks and 40% fixed income, but 1% bitcoin. Well, if bitcoin goes up a bunch, theyre going to sell some down to get it back to 1%, but if it goes down a bunch, theyre going to buy more to get it back up to 1%. That has a very dampening effect on volatility. Were not there yet. Were still in this phase where I think people are like, like, I mean, you're seeing waves of demand. 21 of the last 22 days saw inflows into the bitcoin ETf's and the one day that didn't was a paltry, like net -30 million. It wasn't like, just happens to be read on the chart. Unfortunately, I can't say 22 days in a row because that one little day, but like on Monday, we had the third highest day of net inflows into them. And then Tuesday became the third highest day because it was bigger than Monday. And then on Wednesday, it was the largest single day of inflows. Right. So, like, it's not decreasing, accelerating, and the market is still trying to adjust to this. Doesn't really know how to. So some volatility is healthy. I think there will be corrections. There were like 20, there were like 720 percent corrections or something in 2017. Like as we went from 1000 to 20,000. Like, it's totally normal and healthy. You should be, if you're interested in bitcoin, it really should be because it's a long term, game changing technology for humanity and not because, you know, you're worried about a, you know, 5% move on a particular day.
Speaker B: You said that in April. You expect that we'll get the first round of post ETF launch 13 f filings by institutional investment managers. What do you expect to see then?
Speaker A: These are filings where people have to disclose their ownership of various things. And you'll be able to see them, by the way, by assets like Bloomberg and other platforms, the SEC, like you can go and look at a specific stock or ETF, including now these, once their first quarter is closed, and see institutional holders who have filed saying that they hold the asset. I think we're going to see, well, we don't know what we're going to see. I mean, that's what makes it exciting from a research standpoint. We can't wait to find out. But I would not be surprised if we see major institutional investors, because again, they can go on and buy most of these. Now it's mostly the advisor platforms that can't. But endowments, pensions, they can buy ETF's most likely, and maybe they can't under their current setup, but it's not that hard. Legal, regulated, normal products like now. So I don't know, maybe we'll see major family offices of some famous or wealthy person. It's hard to know, but there will almost certainly be some signal in there to be seen.
Speaker B: And you noted that all this money pouring into bitcoin ETF's might dampen the previous tendency for highs in bitcoin to lead to altcoin season. So yeah. Why do you expect that might happen?
Speaker A: Yeah. So I call this intra crypto rotation or even intracrypto cyclicality. And I referred to this earlier, but what I mean is because you will have a growing portion of the investment that is done through these ETF's. Well, currently thats the only asset that has these ETF's. So if you go on your brokerage platform, you can mostly only get bitcoin exposure. Today. Fidelity does offer bitcoin and ETH as digital assets. You have to open a digital asset account. And if we get the ETH ETF's one day, if not soon, then im sure someday, then it will probably be like bitcoin and ETH. But with bitcoin alone, it's not. Again, bitcoin sitting on a cryptocurrency exchange where it's easy for you to go in and say, whoa, whoa, whoa, maybe I should sell my bitcoin and buy ETH. And then when that tops, maybe I should sell the ETH and buy like altcoin. XYZ, if you look at December 17, is one of the clearest ways to look at this. Bitcoin tops in mid December 17. Ethan runs to all time highs in January 18. And then there was this alt season after that. And you can always see, right, some people in, you know, my friend Dan MacIszewski at CMS holdings calls this the hot ball of money. Like, at some point historically in crypto markets, we've gotten to these points where that ball keeps like sort of bouncing from one thing to the next. Right? There was the Sol Luna Avax trade. A lot of people remember from 2021 where we're sort of like, oh, what's next? Let's find the next one. And then it was like, oh, that l one didn't pump yet. We should buy that one. That dynamic has been very clear, by the way. It's not just at the full cycle level. You even see this in smaller ways, microcosms of it, when, say, bitcoin runs up a bunch and then goes sideways, then you tend to see other assets maybe play catch up. Mini alt seasons have historically happened because the capital, so much of it's going to be stuck on this platforms where a may be held by longer term investors such as advisor managed accounts, or on platforms where there is no way to rotate. It's likely that that will dampen is sort of my argument. And by the way, it will really dampen if ETH gets an ETF too because, because the two assets together, both market cap and narrative, cover most of the crypto narrative and market. Basically, if you love instant payments or Internet money and store of value, bitcoin gives you a lot of exposure to that narrative. If you like stable coins, defi nfts, web three, anything like that, metaverse even whatever we're talking about now is the public blockchain use cases. Well, ETH exposure gives you a lot of exposure to that as well. Well, so its like how far out for most people if you owned both of those proportionate to their market cap, its a pretty good index on the entire space. Then you really dont what youre going to be like. Well, I own bitcoin, Ethan, my brokerage account. Do I really have to go and buy this new layer one? Do I have to? Im not saying theyll cease to exist, but that whole dynamic will dampen.
Speaker B: All right, last quick question. So we talked about how everythings happening at a much quicker pace. So have you updated your end of year price?
Speaker A: Um, I don't, um. Let's see. So I don't love doing these. Um, but I will say like, uh, I haven't updated. I will. Absolutely. I think you're crazy if you say you'd be surprised that we don't cross $100,000 bitcoin this year. I mean, we're already at 61. I mean, like, it's not really that. It's not really that far. It's not certainly not out of the realm of possibility. Um, I I think that's totally reasonable. And something 100k or higher before the end of the year is totally reasonable. I'll leave it at that. And frankly, I could be wildly low. I think is probably go much higher than that. I'd be pleasantly surprised. But I wouldn't be shocked to see that it would be well in line with my personal thesis about bitcoin overall. I mean, think about this. It's still about one 10th or 112 of the market cap of gold. I mean, like, gold is like, I don't know anyone that buys investment grade gold, really. Maybe. And honestly, my kids who are quite young, like when they're at investing age, I don't think they'll even know what the word gold means, right? I mean, bitcoin ETF's have had 7 billion of inflows and Gold ETF's have had 3.7 billion of outflows. Since the bitcoin ETF's launched. I think that tells the story.
Speaker B: Oh, all right, Alex, this has been amazing. Thank you so much for coming on Unchained.
Speaker A: Thank you, Laura.
Speaker B: Don't forget, next up is the weekly news recap today presented by unchained contributor Michael del Castillo. Stick around for this week in crypto after this short break. Polkadot is the original and largest layer zero blockchain with over 2000 plus developers, the anticipated Polkadot 2.0 upgrade will be a massive accelerator for the ecosystem, upgrading the infrastructure with eight times higher transaction throughput and twice as fast. Block times tailored core time for the needs of every protocol. Trustless bridges to multiple chains. Revised tokenomics with a token burn to reduce inflation. Perfect for game five and defi to build, grow and scale. Get your web three ideas to market fast. Think big. Build bigger with Polkadot. Join the community@polkadot.net work slash ecosystem Community.
Speaker C: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing.
Speaker D: Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless happy to.
Speaker A: Get 30 30, but to get 30 biddy get 20 2020 give 2020 a bit to get 15 1515 just $15 a month, so give it a try.
Speaker C: At mint mobile.com switch $45 up front.
Speaker B: For three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited more than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker D: Hello, and welcome to this week's crypto roundup. In today's recap, we delve into major developments, including Gemini's $1.1 billion settlement with earn customers, Sam Bankman Fried's legal team advocating for a reduced sentence, and the technical glitch that briefly halted Avalanche's network. We also covered Doquant's extradition challenges, Uniswap's uni token surge following a new fee distribution proposal, a Texas judge's decision to halt a crypto mining energy use survey, Microstrategy's continued investment in bitcoin yugalabs, enforcement of NFT royalty, and the bitcoin forex withdrawal freeze. Thanks for tuning in to the weekly news recap. I'm Michael do Castillo, a Knight baget fellow at Columbia University. In a court filing, attorneys for Sam Bankman Fried, the former CEO of collapsed cryptocurrency exchange FTX, proposed a prison sentence ranging from 63 to 78 months. The defense argued that this recommendation considers his moral character and philanthropic efforts reports contrasting sharply with the 100 year sentence suggested by the pre sentence report, which they labeled as, quote, grotesque, end quote. Bangman Fried's lawyers criticized the report's estimate of a $10 billion loss in the bankruptcy as unreasonable, emphasizing that their clients actions were not driven by, quote, greed or status. They contend that a lengthy sentence would unjustly terminate Bankman Fried's potential to contribute positively to society, highlighting his upbringing and dedication to philanthropy. This plea comes in the wake of Bankman Fried's conviction on charges of defrauding investors through FTX and Alameda research in a case that prosecutors have described as one of the largest financial frauds in us history. The court's decision on his sentencing is anticipated next month amid a backdrop of public and familiar support for a lenient approach, citing his moral character and the unfair portrayal of him as a villain in the media, or so they say. Supporters, including his family and former colleagues, have also raised concerns about bankman frieds safety in prison, pointing to his non violent nature and vulnerability due to his inability to interpret social cues accurately. They say they argue that a harsh sentence would expose him to undue risk and hardship, urging for a sentence that reflects his first time nonviolent offender status and the potential for victim restitution. Cryptocurrency exchange Gemini reached a settlement with the New York Department of Financial Services, committing to return at least $1.1 billion to customers of its Gemini earn program. This move comes after the program's third party partner, Genesis, declared bankruptcy, leaving many unable to access their assets. James Seyffert from Bloomberg posted on x quote wow, that's a capital W. Capital O, Capital W. Holy cow. Gemini is saying that earn customers stuck in the Gemini cryptocurrency are likely to get 100% of their digital assets back in kind, end quote. Under the current potential settlement, I repeat, all caps. In kind. That's absolutely massive. Again, all caps. Apparently he's a big fan of the caps. Superintendent Adrian A. Harris highlighted Gemini's negligence in conducting due diligence on genesis, which was not regulated or licensed by the Department of Financial Services, leading to substantial harm, end quote. For earned customers, the settlement aims to ensure that affected customers recover their assets. Fully launched in 2021, Gemini earned program program allowed users to loan their crypto at attractive interest rates, but the initiative faltered when Genesis experienced a financial meltdown. Do Kwong, the embattled co founder of Terraform Labs, may not be able to attend the start of his fraud trial in the United States, scheduled for March 25. Despite his legal teams efforts, extradition complications from Montenegro have introduced uncertainties that could delay his trial appearance. Quan, who is at the center of allegations surrounding the dramatic collapse of Terrausd and Luna cryptocurrencies in May 2022, is charged by the US securities and Exchange Commission with wire fraud, commodities fraud, securities fraud, and conspiracy charges. The collapse resulted in an estimated $40 billion loss across cryptocurrency markets. The extradition process has encountered several delays, partly due to appeals and the montenegrin court system's procedural challenges. Kwon's preference for extradition to South Korea, where he also faces charges, has been overridden by a Montenegrin High court ruling in favor of the extradition to the US. This decision has been contested by Quan's legal team, citing procedural errors and the prioritization of extradition requests. David Patton, Kwan's lawyer, has indicated that despite the extradition delays, Quan does not intend to seek a postponement of the trial date, emphasizing his desire for an in person appearance. The legal entanglements in Montenegro, including quons arrest for traveling with forged documents, add complexity to the case, highlighting the broader implications for the crypto industry's regulatory landscape and investor trust. The Uniswap Foundation's long awaited proposal to reward Uni token holders with protocol fees led to a sharp 62% increase in the tokens last value. As of Friday, the initiative would introduce smart contracts to distribute fees to stakeholders. If implemented, annual revenues for uni holders could range between $61 million and $153 million. The move addresses issues of low participation and apathy in governance, with less than 10% of uni users used in voting. The proposal is now under community review, with an upcoming snapshot to measure support for potentially proceeding to an on chain vote. Meanwhile, Fracs Finance is considering a proposal similar to Uniswap's, aiming to share protocol revenue with VFXs token stakers pending community approval. In related news, Lido Finance's LDO token spiked 10% following a fake revenue sharing proposal posted in the governance forum suggesting increased interest in such initiatives among DeFi protocols. That is, assuming this can be taken at face value, Avalanche experienced a technical outage that halted block finalization for approximately 5 hours due to a code related bug. The issue, initially attributed to a new wave of inscriptions, was later identified as the gossip related meme pool management bug, according to a post on X by Kevin Zaknicki, co founder of Avalanche developer Avalabs. This bug prevented the network's validators from processing transactions efficiently, leading to a stall in the consensus mechanisms. So they say the problem was resolved after validators updated their nodes, which addressed the bug and allowed consensus to return to normal by noon eastern time, the Avalanche team confirmed the network had resumed its normal operations, marking an end to the outage. The Texas Blockchain Council and riot platforms a major bitcoin mining company successfully obtained a temporary restraining order against the US Department of Energy's emergency survey on its electricity consumption from crypto mining. District Judge Alan Albright of Texas ruled the survey, described as a supply of sloppy government process, must pause until further legal examination. The department aimed to collect proprietary information about energy use from crypto mining operations, citing concerns over the potential impact on the us electric power industry amid bitcoin's price surge and a cold weather forecast. This legal challenge argues that the Energy Information Administration, or EIA, acting on behalf of the Department of Energy, overstepped its bounds by not adhering to the paperwork reduction, which mandates a 60 day notice for such information requests. The companies involved contend that compliance would force them to reveal sensitive data under the threat of penalties causing immediate and irreparable harm. Microstrategy has further increased its bitcoin reserves by purchasing another 3000 bitcoins for $155.4 million, signaling continued confidence in the digital assets value. This acquisition boosts the company's total bitcoin holdings to approximately 193,000, worth over $1.17 billion at the current market price, revealing what seems to be an impressive unrealized profit margin. This strategy, initiated in August 2020, has not only augmented MicroStrategy's asset base, but also attracted significant investor interest. Amid this aggressive acquisition strategy, Micro received a buy rating from investment banking firm benchmark with a price target of $990. The optimism is partly based on the expectation that bitcoins value will surge to $125,000 by the end of 2025, propelled by crypto market dynamics, including the impact of spot bitcoin ETF's and the anticipated bitcoin halving event, which typically reduces the supply of bitcoin, potentially driving up its price. Yugalabs, the creator behind notable NFT collections, declared it will only support trading platforms that enforce royalty payments for creators. Effective from Tuesday, this policy will apply to 18 of its collections, including the other side coda and moonbirds mythics. However, its most recognized collections collections, cryptopunks and bored ape yacht club, will not fall under this new mandate due to the absence of a royalty filter in these collections. This decision comes amid declining royalty payments, a percentage of sales paid by buyers on secondary markets to NFT creators, and precedes NFT marketplace Magic Eden's launch on the Ethereum blockchain, Hong Kong based cryptocurrency exchange, Bitforex abruptly halted user withdrawals without prior notice following an outflow of approximately $56.5 million from its hot wallets. The cessation of withdrawals raised significant concerns among its users, who have encountered challenges in accessing their accounts and reported a lack of communication from Bitforex's team on chain sleuth. Zachxbt highlighted the exchanges suspicious activity, noting the substantial withdrawals just before the transaction process was stopped, and this incident occurred shortly after the resignation of Bitforex CEO Jason Lowe, adding to the uncertainty and speculation among the crypto community elsewhere around the Internet. In slightly more fun news, in a twist that reads more like a sitcom plot than real life, Sam Bankman Fried, the former crypto mogul turned inmate, is reportedly spending his time behind bars dishing out cryptocurrency investment advice. Known for his former high flying days at the helm of FTX, Bankman Fried has found a new audience, so it would seem, for his insights, the prison guards. It'll be interesting to see whether or not that counts as giving investment advice. Despite his predicament, it seems Bankman Freed hasn't lost his passion for crypto market, recommending Solana's token Sol to those keeping watch over him. Or so reports say. While the courtroom drama unfolds with legal maneuvers aimed at securing a lenient sentence, Bankman Freed's casual crypto consultations serve as a lighthearted footnote to the saga. Whether his tips will lead to massive gains from the guards remains to be seen, but for now, bang Minfrids pivot from CEO to prison Crypto Advisor is the talk of the cell block, and that's all, and thank you so much for joining today. If you enjoyed this recap, go to unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. that is, unchainedcrypto dot Substack.com and sign up for their free newsletter so you can stay up to date with the latest in crypto. Unchained is produced by Laura Shin with help from Nelson Wang, Matt Pilchard, Juan Aronovich, Megan Gavis Shawshank and Margaret Kiria. The weekly recap was written by Juan Aranovic and edited by Uni Huang. I'm Michael del Castillo, and thanks for listening.
Speaker B: Unchained is now a part of the Coindesk podcast Network. For the latest in digital assets, check out markets daily five days a week with host Noel Atchison. Follow the Coindesk podcast Network for some of the best shows in crypto.
