Speaker A: Hey all, Laura here. In case you missed it, a couple weeks ago we launched our new show, bits and bips, exploring how crypto and macro collide one basis point at a time. Our hosts are James Seyffert, Alex Krueger, and Joe McCann. And since James was at the center of everything happening around the ethereum, ETF's on Monday, today's episode is an especially exciting one, one that we decided to release a little bit early rather than waiting until Wednesday. Bits and bips will be on unchained every other week. Be sure to like subscribe and give it a rating or review. Hope you enjoy it.
Speaker B: Everyone I'm talking to seems like they were blindsided by this. No one was expecting this. That tells me this came from the top. This was a political decision. And I think you're right, Alex. I think this was a decision from above, possibly above. The SEC said, like Biden by the Biden admin that decided like, it's not worth fighting this. We might even lose in court. If we try to do this and somebody sues us and we're losing the votes, people are going to go to Trump solely because of the stance here, and it's just not worth it. Hi everyone. Welcome to bits and exploring how crypto and macro collide one basis point at a time. I'm your host, James Seyffert tradfi Archmaester Lord of Bloomberg's end, here with Alex Kruger. Kruger, macro of House Asgard, protector of the Realm, and Joe McCann, lord commander of asymmetric and master of Bonk. We're here to discuss the latest stories in the world of crypto and macro news. Just remember that nothing we say here is investment advice. You can check unchained crypto for more disclosures. All right, guys, let's get into it right now. It's a little after 08:00 p.m. on Monday, May 20, and today is the day that me and my colleague boss Eric Altoonas tweeted massively upping our odds on spot ethereum ETF's. So we think there's a good chance that there's approval. At the very least, there's been a huge shakeup. So we went from our official odds of 25% to 75%, but even then we were probably even lower than 25%. We just hadn't updated our odds fully. But we held that 25% line. We thought it was unlikely and there was a bunch of changes today. So, I mean, I don't know if you guys want to just ask me questions and we can dive into it.
Speaker C: And go, I mean, yeah, like, what happened to and what happens next?
Speaker B: Yeah. So we got a couple, we are constantly talking to people, people involved in this process. There's a lot of different, basically, hands in the pot here trying to get these things launched. And everyone we had spoken to that was involved in the process had told us up until today that there was no shot of it happening. I mean, I did panel preps with a lot of these issuers for conferences coming up. I was in DC last week, talked with people, politicians, policymakers, people at these issuers. They were all like, yeah, it's definitely not happening. There's been no movement. There's no issue. They're stonewalling us. And all of a sudden we got some texts and talked to a couple people today and they're like, yeah, something's happening. And we start asking around to everyone we know in the space and they're like, yeah, we don't know what's happening. The SEC is doing an about face and basically saying that they're sending comments out on these 19 b four s, which are the, it's basically a request for a rule change from the exchanges in this case. In the past it was to allow bitcoin ETF's to trade. Now it's ethereum ETF's. The deadline is May 23. So it's this Thursday. I was like, convinced that it wasn't going to happen. Like, part of me was hoping it would happen. I thought it was the right thing that would happen. But all of a sudden the SEC just went crazy and told everyone that. Looks like we have comments. Here's the comments on your 19 v four s. Get us new, updated, amended filings by tomorrow morning at some time. I think 10:00 a.m. is what they were told. So basically all these filers are in this, like, last minute, last ditch effort to update filings and get ready for this May 23 deadline that is Vanex deadline. We don't know anything other than that. But the fact that the SEC all of a sudden is engaging in this two days out is very shocking, very surprising. I mean, people are like, you should have knew this was an option. I'm telling you right now, all of the issuers, none of them really thought this was an option. They thought it might be. They thought there might be local pressures. But by the time we got to this week, everyone's like, all right, I guess they're going to go down this rabbit hole and deny for some spurious reason. Again, like I talked about in episode last week.
Speaker C: How does this compare to what happened with the bitcoin spot ETF? Is it similar in terms of like the last minute dash, or is this totally different?
Speaker B: This is totally different. I mean, if you think about it, Eric and I went to 90% in early October before they were ultimately approved on January 10 of 2024. That was when the SECs division of corporate Finance started talking with these issuers about their s one s. That had never happened before. There was never any interaction between the Department of corporate Finance and anyone filing for bitcoin ETF. So that's where like, all right, that's a complete change of pattern. We're upping our odds from 70 or 75 or 80 or whatever it was and went to 90. This is a little different because division of trading and markets is the one who decides these 19 B four. So in order to get an Ethereum ETF approved, you need both the 19 B four approval from the division of trading markets, and you need an s one approval from the division of corporate Finance. We saw back and forth with both of them over the like three months leading up to the ultimate approvals. That's why we were so confident in them getting approved and why we were so confident that Ethereum wasn't happening. Because nothing was happening. There was no interaction whatsoever. Trading and markets wasn't even interacting. So we assumed they were writing up denial letters. I can pretty much guarantee you, I bet any amount of money that if we got somebody at the one at the division of trading markets, they probably have like an outline or a summary or an actual fully written 19 before denial for these things. That's how last minute this is. So they basically went to the issuers, we want these things changed. We don't know what those are. I'm assuming one of them is anyone who had staking in their 19 before. I'm going to guess the SEC isn't going to allow that. I don't know what other updates they're going to request, but essentially division of corporate finance hasn't done anything yet as far as we're aware. So what's going to happen here is if we're correct and this is a true change, and the SEC is going to approve these things this week, that's only the 19 before the s one also needs to be approved. And Corp Finn, as far as we're aware, has not even begun having a conversation with any of these issuers. So that could take weeks to months before that gets ironed out. And then we get these ETF's approved in trading. So even if we do get approval this week, it's going to be a very long time, or it could be a very long time before we actually get these Ethereum ETF's.
Speaker C: Wow. I mean, it's stunning. I think everyone pretty much assumed this was not going to happen. And even the prediction markets were very consistent with, I think, your unofficial call around like the 1011 percent. And out of nowhere, everything changed. I mean, today I'm on the west coast, I was managing my hedge fund portfolio, was kind of looking at things. It was like, oh, things are moving. That's cool. Little continuation from last week. That's good. And then out of nowhere, everything just exploded, including Ethereum. I was like, what just happened? I saw the tweet from Eric and was like, wait a second, 25 to 75. That's huge. And it was reflected in the price. The moves were insane. There's a thing that I tend to track pretty actively, which is what's called the Coinbase premium. And what the Coinbase premium is, is what's the current spot price on Coinbase relative to, say, the tether price on something like binance? And the reason I track this is because most us institutions, if not all of them, that want to stay at a us institution, trade crypto, they don't trade on binance. In some cases, you will see a Coinbase premium pop up because there's. You'll see a Coinbase premium pop up because there's demand driving price. Today was the widest Ethereum Coinbase premium I've ever seen. And I've been trading crypto for a long time. I'm sure there's probably some scenario in the past, but for how Ethereum has been trading, it was unbelievable. And then this happened across the board. You started to look at other things, like bitcoin, like Solana. A lot of other majors started to see huge discrepancies between the price that was trading on Coinbase relative to binance. You started to go back to binance and all of a sudden it was trading at a premium. It was definitely a wild market. And I think to your point, James, you guys were caught off guard. The market was caught off guard. I think one of the things that I also noticed in the markets today that reacted to this was at the money vols or implied volatility. For one week, Ethereum contracts basically doubled. That is an enormous move in volume. We've been tracking this for quite some time. A lot of folks got a little complacent over the past few weeks. They drew down in April, and they sold a bunch of calls to collect some premium in like the May June timeframes to buy September and December. All those guys are called away now and they're going to have to chase this thing back. So, look, I don't know what's going to happen over the course of the next couple of days, but the price action suggests this stuff is going much higher.
Speaker D: You know, I want to say it's, to me, it's very simple here. If the ETF gets approved, which seems like it's likely now, and by the way, it's also got it wrong, which is fine, but it's clear that with an ETF approved, we're going to see all time highs on ETH very, very soon because the market is not positioned for it. You were saying 25%. I would even think that the market had priced in almost like 0% probability or as close as it gets to, to no chance whatsoever. So, I mean, ETH has been one of the most hated coins, if not the most hated coin of this cycle, and it's reflected on price. So, I mean, ETH BTC is what, right now it's like 52. So it does make sense for that to go all the way up to at least 70 in the next couple of months. These things happen usually rather fast.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, I agree.
Speaker B: I would say real quick, like when Eric and I, the more confirmation we got, we got like, oh, another person confirmed. Another person confirmed. Another person confirmed. These are all independent people. And we were like, okay, we have to, we need to say something. And we were looking at the prices. If you, even if you look, before our tweet, markets were moving pretty heavily. The discount eth was dropping. Like, this stuff was out there before we fully broke it to everyone. But I, you could see that markets were kind of moving on something happening, particularly with bitcoin and ETH and particularly with ET. So I thought that was interesting. But I mean, the volatility and the aggressiveness of the move that we saw, we were very cautious of how we said this. We went to 75% because this is not a done deal. There's a lot of things that still need to happen. And even if it does happen, like I said before, it could take a while, but Eric and I were on the phone talking about exactly how we were going to word this because we wanted to make sure we were in line with each other. But even still, we knew it was going to impact things, but we didn't think it would be as impactful as it actually was, but here we are.
Speaker C: I mean, we talked about it on the last pod. The demand, or lack thereof, or lack of institutional interest. Do you think that this approval, assuming it happens, do you think that that would change anything with respect to the institutional demand? It's kind of hard to say because we just got this news today, but maybe there's a change of heart by the institutions, because all of a sudden there's this opportunity for them to buy something that isn't just bitcoin.
Speaker B: Yeah. If you look at the market caps between the two of them, ETH is what, 30% roughly right now of bitcoin, somewhere around there, upper twenties, low thirties. I think that's probably a good ballpark estimate for the demand that we'll see. So if you look at the assets and flows into the bitcoin ETF's, maybe it'll be. I think it'll be less than whatever the actual ratio is. I don't think it's going to be meaningfully less. Eric, my boss thinks it will be meaningless. He's thinking 1015 percent, I think 20 to 20 ish percent of what the bitcoin ETF's did. So I don't think it's going to be. I don't think they're going to surpass bitcoin ETF's. But I do think there's going to be demand here. And I wonder how much demand will come from people like, I already have the bitcoin ETF, I might as well diversify and sell some bitcoin and get Eth. That could happen. Who knows what's actually going to happen? But there will be demand out there and people will want access to this thing. Hong Kong is a good example. Like, the demand, again, is less than the ratio of the market caps between the two assets. But there is some demand there.
Speaker C: Yeah. What do you think, Alex?
Speaker D: I think there's a lot of demand out there. It's a very sexy narrative that Eve has. I mean, at the same time, something I have to say is like, we usually tend to attach a narrative to the price, so now price is moving, so we gonna look and focus on the good narratives and the good things, just because that's how our brains are wired. So we're gonna be focusing on ETH is green. ETH is basically green. The green narrative for very large fraction of people in the market is very important. And what else can I say here? I mean, it's. Again, I'm going back to the point.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think it's just the hated trade. Sorry to interrupt, Alex, but I think it's just the hated trade. I mean, I've absolutely poked fun at it, right, because the ETH Maxis certainly have stepped on the throat of my favorite l one, Solana. But as a trader, you know, at some point, the most hated trade becomes the most loved trade. And that was clear today in the price action. If you see, if you look at any of the pairs, too, I mean, it was perfect, right? You had sole ETH basically right near all time highs. Again, effectively resistance eTh BTC just continued to bleed to new lows. Everybody has been trying to call the bottom on ETH BTC and just hasn't happened yet. We saw a huge move in EBTC when the bitcoin ETF got approved. It ripped for, I think, three days in a row outperforming bitcoin. But I think the other thing to note, and I'd love to get your take on this, Alex, is the sentiment. There's another well known podcast, very much aligned with Ethereum, where they were just like, why is this happening? Why is ethereum not going to be the thing that catches up? Folks really getting pretty clandestine about their bags, more or less. You saw that sentiment, and I know Alex as a trader as well. This is why I want to get your pulse on it. Sentiment is super, super important, and sentiment for the ETH community at large was pretty low over the past, I'd say week, two weeks, because it hasn't really participated in a way that some of these other majors have, particularly bitcoin and Solana. So, like sentiment check. Alex, what do you think? You think it was just the timing was perfect on this?
Speaker D: No, I think it was a trigger. Without this trigger. I mean, the thing is, sentiment had been the worst for a long time. It just kept on getting worse and worse and worse. But we've been at basically feeling of bottom sentiment since January. That's a long time. It's like over five months of feeling like this. So, like people who are very heavy in ETH and or solely ETH, getting absolutely despondent, but without this trigger, the market needed a trigger. We got it. I thought the trigger would come basically later in the year. Full disclosure. My view was Trump. As soon as Trump starts edging, assuming he would, which is my base case, he would start edging on the elections, that basically that would trigger probabilities of ETh getting approved, the ETF to rally really, really fast. So I wasn't thinking this would happen for quite a few months. But at the end, it's the same thing. It's just a matter of timing. It needed the trigger, which I think is worth discussing, I think is like, what happened here? Like, yeah, what happened? Why now? Why the change of heart? I think, is very much tied to basically Trump suddenly going all out and expressing that he was all in for crypto. And I think that put a lot of pressure on the other side of the aisle to actually act. And we saw that. We saw a reflection of that in Congress a couple of days ago. And this is kind of like the cherry, how do you say it in English? Cherry on the top.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker D: What do you think, James?
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I'm 100% in your camp. I mean, even our initial tweet, we said there's some political football going on here. We thought there was political reasons here. I mean, I'll be real. I was at the digital chamber blockchain summit in DC last Wednesday. That was the day before the vote in the Senate that you're talking about in SAP 121 and all. Vast, vast majority of people in the know, at these issuers or in policy circles were fully expecting a denial here. Right? They all thought, based on everything they were hearing, that we were going to get denial. People were optimistic that we could, they would pull away some Democrats for Sab 121. And then the next day, we got twelve Democrats pull away and join the Republicans in voting to repeal Saab 121. And one of them was Chuck Schumer, like Senate Majority leader. I mean, that was even shocking to me. I thought they would get a bunch of senators. I didn't think they'd get Chuck Schumer. So all of a sudden, that's Thursday. And then come in on Monday morning, and by late, late morning, well, really early afternoon, we started getting rumblings that something was happening with the SEC and these eth. You combine that with what you were saying, with Trump hosting a NFT dinner and telling everyone, if you like crypto or you want to, you want crypto to stay here in the US to vote for him. I mean, that. And then you combine that with the fact that everyone I'm talking to seems like they were blindsided by this. No one was expecting this. That tells me this came from the top. This was a political decision. And I think you're right, Alex. I think this was a decision from above, possibly above the SEC's head, like Biden, by the Biden admin that decided, like, it's not worth fighting this. We might even lose in court if we try to do this. And somebody sues us and we're losing the votes. People are going to go to Trump solely because of the stance here, and it's just not worth it. So, I mean, we left, we were at 90% odds that the bitcoin ETF's were going to get approved because we heard rumblings that the Biden admin was going to step in and deny Gensler to deny these things because they didnt want it to happen. And honestly, the exact opposite thing happened here from what it sounds like. I mean, theres no way for me to confirm it. Maybe itll come out in the coming days, weeks. But my view is that somebody higher up in the democratic party, likely in the Biden admin, that decided like, look, its not worth it. We cant deny this thing. Its not worth whats going to do the votes. And we'll see what happens if Biden actually ultimately does or does not veto the SAb 121 repeal. But time will tell.
Speaker C: Speaker one. Yeah, I mean, look, this is, man, there's, there's so many political forces at play here, right? Alex mentioned Trump. You mentioned SAb 121. By the way, the chair of the FDIC resigned today. And for those who are not familiar with this guy, my understanding is that he's one of the architects of Chokepoint 2.0, which is effectively cutting. He's both and 1.0. Yeah, there you go. Right. So his resignation due to a, quote, toxic workplace. Okay, we'll take it. His resignation is an interesting timing, given the vote on Sab 121. And I'm not going to try to kind of go through SaB 121 and why it's important, but the cause, I'm sure Bloomberg has written all about it. But what's really compelling about that vote last week is what you alluded to. You had the head of the democratic party, Chuck Schumer, voting in favor as well as a number of other key Democrats and the ones in key battlegrounds. So Pennsylvania, Arizona, Nevada, and Michigan, these are real battleground states for Biden and the Democrats in general. And they all voted kind of against the veto that he said he was going to do for Sab 121. Well, it shouldn't be a surprise because the bank lobby has been very vocal about upending Sab 121 because, hey, people are making money off crypto and they can't for the most part. Right. If you put a liability on your balance sheet, it screws everything up. And that's the kind of the gist of how Sab 121 works. So no bank is really going to do that. Well, if there's enough money being made and enough potential money to be made, the banks are going to state their case one way or another through lobbying or otherwise. And to see that many Democrats effectively create a filibuster proof vote, 60, that is a huge signal to the White House, and it's likely a large political miscalculation by whomever in the administration gave him that advice to do that. So can he maybe save face a little bit or eat some crow and not veto it or veto it with maybe here's some modifications, and I'll accept it or something to that effect. But with the FDIC chair resigning today with this move by the SEC, to have these folks kind of modify their 1919 b dash four s or whatever, James, correct me if I'm wrong. I mean, this is, this is, it's really hard to look at this and go, hmm, you know, politics at play here. I mean, you gotta imagine that to be the case, right?
Speaker B: Yeah, it has to be politics. We've been dancing around it. Let's be real quick and explicitly say, I'm sure, sure there's plenty of people listening this that don't want to hear about what SAP 121 does, but what it basically does, as Joe is saying, is, or I should say the Michael sailor bonk, as Joe was saying, it forces banks to keep these as if you're custodying crypto assets. Typically, if you're a bank and you custody assets, you just charge a fee for that. And that doesn't go on your balance sheet. That's not a liability in a balance sheet. You're just storing those assets for an end customer. What sab 121 does is, says these banks, you now have to put any digital assets on your balance sheet as a liability. And what that means for you is you have capital requirements, that you have to maintain liquidity ratios, all these different capital requirements to make sure your bank is sound and safe. And all of a sudden, the cost of doing that and making sure you have enough capital to offset what you're putting in your liability of your balance sheet makes it completely borderline, makes it illegal for a bank to hold digital assets in a custody relationship. There's just no way to do it. So technically, no, it's not illegal, but functionally speaking, it basically outlaws it. And that's what the House Dems and the Senate have. Sorry, they're not the House Dems. The House of Reps in general and the Senate have voted to repeal, and now it's in front of Biden. And we'll see what he does next. But if this is any indication, I think you're right, it might, he might not actually veto it. He might spin a little bit. I think they're worried about coming off as too anti crypto, despite Elizabeth Warren's chanting about an anti crypto army. I think they've kind of decided, all right, we maybe we don't have to be as anti and as aggressively anti crypto and bitcoin as we have been, but we need to tone it back a little bit. And I'm not saying they're going to go pro crypto all of a sudden flip it on a script completely like Trump has. But I think they're going to try to walk back some of the language that's been said and done over the.
Speaker D: Last few months on this. I think this is enough. They don't have to do more than just get the ETF approved. Let's put it this way. There is about 40, I mean, this is a highly debatable number, but there is supposed to be about 40 to 50 million holders, crypto holders, in the us population. The voting population in the US is about 160 million. So say of this, say 40 million, 40 million, 30 million are borders. And say of the 30,000,001 third of those, they're both maybe swayed by them being ecstatic with their, basically their p and l and just looking at their Coinbase account and saying, hell, yeah. So it really just DCTF can, I think, is it can really change the election. So, yeah, I think it's very important, and that's why I think it came from a moment of clarity from people high up in the Biden administration. And I'm glad for it, of course.
Speaker C: Well, I mean, Alex, we have a mutual friend that I think would respectfully disagree to say, like, look, guys, crypto is just not that important to most of Americans. And I think there is something to be said about that. A lot of folks are single issue voters, whether it's the border, it's abortion, the economy picks something. We are immersed in crypto. It's 24/7 for us. We're always on Twitter, telegram, all these different places we're in it. Maybe our perspective is a little bit different. However, for me, the reason I think that it actually is becoming a bit more salient is because the Biden administration is really losing favor with the youth vote. And if you get into the financial nihilism approach and that perspective, that's the youth. Those are zoomers and millennials, and those are primarily, I think, out of those 40 million accounts or holders, et cetera. They're young people. And so how does Biden, irrespective of your political view of a guy, he comes off as kind of old and senile. Even if that's not true. If it is true, it doesn't matter. Perception is reality. And if you're a young person in America today, that is your president, or that's going to be your future president, and he's anti crypto, maybe there's some credence to that. I don't know, James. Like, you guys have political folks clearly at Bloomberg. What's the sentiment there? Is crypto just not an issue, or is it now becoming one? What do you think?
Speaker B: It's definitely an issue, but the general consensus from my colleagues is that they didn't think it was going to be a massive swaying event. The way I thought about it was, if there are people in crypto, obviously what you were saying, they have to be single issue voters, essentially, because you were either going to vote Republican or Democrat. But if you were going to vote Democrat and vote Biden, and then you solely were going to vote for Trump because of his crypto policies, like, I guess there are undoubtedly going to be people out there. We know some of them are very vocal, but I don't know how many of them out there there are. But it's certainly a narrative. And we saw Mark Cuban and a bunch of other Mike Novogratz, who's actually in the space, we've seen a lot of other people basically say that the Biden admins, like, handing this to Trump. I mean, if the election is going to be as close as it looks, I mean, maybe that's kind of what thing happened. We also saw polls. We didn't even talk about this, but we saw polls in the week. Was it last week that showed that Trump was leading in, like, the, like, the staggering majority of the battleground states and was likely to win the election. So that could have played a role, too. They were like, all right, we need to do something to kind of swing this. So, yeah, I don't know. I think there's a lot of things at play here. Broadly speaking, Bloomberg is relatively merit neutral, I would say neutral on crypto. But obviously, I have colleagues down in DC who follow the policy stuff and they think, and he, my colleague Nathan Dean, he's been very positive on the fact that he thinks the stablecoin bill is going to get done potentially this year. He doesn't think the more broader crypto market bills are going to get through there's two of them out there. It doesn't sound like they're going to get through this year potentially, but maybe next year. But that said, he's pro the stablecoin bill. He thinks that's going to happen. Obviously not with immense certainty, but he was over 50% last I talked to him.
Speaker C: Yeah. Alex, in terms of maybe later this year, the election is in Q four. How are you thinking about the broader macro picture as it relates to. I don't want to say trading the election, but having a view on it and what the potential outcome could be, because I think you and I are probably in pretty fierce agreement that we see global liquidity ticking up, we see a raging bull market ahead of us. We're seeing that the price action, certainly over the past, I would say, since the bottom on May 1. How are you thinking about playing or trading the election, given the information that we have today?
Speaker D: To be honest, I need to rethink it because this is basically my election play. What's happening today. It's literally my election play happening ahead of time. So now I need to rethink my election play because it's not going to be as easy on the risk asset side, on the rate side, it's going to be way noisier. Need to still think, see who, who Trump is going to be. Sorry, Trump or Biden, who their respective cabinets would be and like who their teams are going to be. All I know is that it's going to be very volatile. And again, that my main election play, it's behind us. Biden is continuation. Things have been relatively good on the macro side. I mean, aside of the criticism that he receives for, as you said, Joe being perceived as senile, etcetera, his team is doing, I think, quite a remarkable job, or at least even if it's not them, the economy is threading along regardless. And Trump, for me, would be good for risk assets because he's obsessed with the stock market. I think he's the only person capable, just one thing is capable of actually putting pressure on the fed. Like the Fed is independent. Until they face Trump. Trump is Trump.
Speaker C: Yeah. Well, one other thing I do want to point out, and James, I don't know if you have a view on this or not. I haven't really thought about it, but a colleague of mine mentioned it today on our partner call. The third largest super PAC in DC is a crypto focused super PAC, and they have $102 million that they've raised. That's a non trivial amount of money to potentially back candidates that are pro crypto. And so maybe this is also. You kind of connect all of the dots, right? Follow the money. You got the third largest super PAC in DC with $100 million to spend, coupled with the vote on sab 121, coupled with Trump leading and all about battleground states. I don't know, it seems like, to me, I don't want to say it's super clear, but it seems highly likely that we're getting this very, what I would think most people would see as a nonpolitical issue, crypto beyond the crypto army that doesn't exist for Elizabeth Warren to now becoming front and center. $102 million in a super PAC is a non trivial amount of money.
Speaker B: Yeah, I had no idea. The one thing I would say is also, it's kind of like. It's almost like the logical way of doing things, right. The idea that we haven't gotten a stable coin bill, which is like, if you're worried about dollar supremacy and all these things, like, you should be in, you should be like, loving stable coins. They're crypto dollars. You're basically exporting. It's another euro dollar market. You're promoting dollar hegemony. Everything is priced in dollars in the crypto market for the most part. And also, it's just like, why can't we come with logical rules for a lot of these things? Like, why do we have to, why does the SEC have to be going about things the way they are? I mean, obviously, this space is ripe with massive amounts of fraud and manipulation and some really bad people. But there's people out there that are trying to do the good things, and the people that keep coming in to try to do good things keep getting hurt. So, like, in my point of view, it's not just, like, the politically advantageous thing. It's also, like, just kind of the logical way to handle things here. Like, just come up with some new rules and regulations and give people guidelines so they can follow them, and then we'll go from there. So, yeah, I completely agree with you, but I also just think it shouldn't have gotten to this point. It shouldn't have gotten as political as it has, particularly some of the crypto stuff. I get it. The market structure bills, what have you, that's partisan. But the stablecoin bill stuff, the fact that people don't want to even talk about that, it just boggles my mind.
Speaker C: Yeah. Welcome to Washington, DC. I think you got to give a shout out to circle and coinbase and the folks at a 16 z. And I think coin center. I mean, there's people that are fighting digital chain.
Speaker B: I'll throw that out there, too.
Speaker C: Yes. At the end of the day, money talks. And I think having a super pac of that size can really start to influence as it's designed to elections and the candidates that they want to back. So I don't know. I think irrespective of who actually wins the presidency, there's still a raging bull market to do for crypto for other various macroeconomic reasons. And we've seen the employment data start to roll. We're seeing cuts be priced back into the market and there are even deflationary things. We're seeing cost of goods actually dropping. You're seeing McDonald's and Wendy's and Starbucks doing things now to kind of like try to stimulate the consumer. So I don't know. I would look at the election as kind of a, yeah, it's going to be a highly volatile event to trade around, but almost, it almost, I don't want to say it doesn't matter if, for example, the ETF gets approved and Joe Biden doesn't veto sab, the 121 vote. I don't even think it matters. He's president for crypto at that point.
Speaker B: Yeah, I actually, I might agree with you on that, I think. But again, that then he's only has four years and doesn't report back to anyone at the end of it. So if you're a single issue voter, it still might matter to you. But I think for anyone who is reluctantly thinking about not voting for him, and those two things happen, I think that might be enough to sway them back. But again, who knows how many people out there were planning to vote for Biden, but then because of his crypto policies, had decided not, not to do it. Again, there's definitely some of them out there. But is that a meaningful number and does it matter in swing states? There's some surveys out there that suggest it might like, as you hinted at, the number of people out there. But also I'll trust those surveys when they're not sponsored by crypto companies a little bit more.
Speaker C: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker D: So something, something we could, we could add in here. It's interesting, I think is on the topic of stablecoins, is the analogy of basically stablecoins right now and the eurodollar market in basically 2030 or 40 years ago. Euro dollars, for those who don't know, euro dollars are basically dollar denominated deposits held in foreign banks used to facilitate international trade and finance outside of the US jurisdiction. The US banking to basically working outside of the US banking system. This is a very large market nowadays. It's like $13 trillion and it was much larger relatively 2030 years ago. The importance of this is that we could think of stablecoins as the euro dollars of the present and future. And this is important because basically stablecoin demand is demand for us treasuries that can actually help balance the fiscal accounts of the US, which are quite unsustainable at the moment. Stablecoins need better regulation. And I think what we need to see here for stablecoins to become more like euro dollars is we need to see possibly CME futures on stablecoins and a derivatives market so we can actually have a forward curve and people can start trading stable coins in a more, in a more sophisticated way.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's a really great way of threading the needle there. Because if you look at, I think James mentioned this on the last pod, if you look at tether and their business, they take in dollars and they buy treasuries and they make money off of it. If you look at circles, historical core business, they're moving on to web three services now. But same thing, they end up taking in dollars and buying treasuries. These aren't massive demand for treasuries. These are a drop in the bucket relative to the auctions that happen on a seemingly weekly basis. But it's still some demand. And if you actually put regulation around it, I think to your point, maybe that demand ticks up and it's actually net beneficial to the United States.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm going to shout out Nick Carter here. He's done a lot of work on stablecoins. And I mean, to your point about buying treasuries, I'm pretty sure he can be attributed to the stat. I'm pretty sure he's the one that did it. But if stablecoins were considered a nation state, they would be the 16th largest holder in the world of us treasury. So they're ahead of Norway, South Korea, obviously behind the likes of Japan, China, the UK, you name it. But they would, they hold an absolutely massive number of us treasuries. And as you guys were hinting, as a lot of these countries, namely China, obviously Russia, now others, they're starting to trade outside of the US dollar. They're starting to not buy as much treasuries. This could be another demand bucket for this government who's looking for people to buy their treasuries going forward. So that's just another interesting way to look at this.
Speaker C: Yeah, and shout out Nick because he's going to be in the karate combat fight at consensus next week, so I'm rooting for you. I haven't bet on you, but I might, so I hope you win.
Speaker B: Will you guys be a consensus next week?
Speaker C: Yeah, I'm going. I'm speaking on meme coins. What a surprise. Yeah, should be fun.
Speaker B: I'm speaking on bitcoin ETF's and Ethereum ETF's. And the plan was to talk about the denial letter. So obviously that is changing. Our prep call was completely worthless at this point. Will you be there, Alex?
Speaker D: I likely be flying from Bali to the states on the 29th, so there is a slight chance I'll make it to consensus, but I don't think so.
Speaker C: You better have Wi Fi on your flight, dude, because you know what happens with crypto conferences and price. Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: It always happens for anyone listening if you want to meet me or Joe or we'll both be around the conference that week. Next topic, real quick, we're going to pass over to Alex to discuss the low float high FTV coins. Can you get us started here, Alex?
Speaker D: Yeah, basically it's a topic that I think it just magically ceased to be relevant overnight. Now that everything is going up like crazy, it's like. Yeah, so the topic is basically low flow high FDB coins, FDB meaningfully diluted valuation. And that's a very typical thing we see in coins that are basically that have private rounds and go to market the traditional way. So they go out with a very low circulating supply and the actual market cap is a small fraction of the FDB. So market cap is circulating supply times price. FDB is total supply times price. So the story, which is real is that eventually all of this supply starts entering progressively into the market and the market cannot absorb it. Therefore these coins end up all going, excuse the hyperbola to zero. And it's been all the rage. I mean, quite a lot of discussion about it this week because of a really good piece Kobe put out on the topic of low float high fpv coins. But again, that being said, I think it's a fascinating topic and there's a lot to be done there, but it doesn't really matter anymore. Now it's about number go up to be.
Speaker C: Yeah, there's been a lot of Twitter threads and Kobes piece and retail sentiment around low float high FTV coins. And whats interesting to me about it is it gets back to that sentiment piece where people, they saw Q one was an absolute ripper. Everything was up into the right, airdrops were ripping and then all of a sudden April happened. People got really depressed pretty quickly because they saw their net worth get cut in half or a third or whatever or all of it depending on if you are a true degen. But I think your point is spot on Alex. Now that price is moving there's a chance that there's an ethereum ETF that we'll end up not even talking about this again until there's some more depression in the market. My view on it is probably non consensus or controversial. Theres a couple of things that I see as an issue with the debate around this. One is it assumes theres this zero sum game with respect to the amount of money that will be available to support the price of these coins. Thats one issue. The other issue is it assumes that on these unlocks, when these tokens become available from private investors, which yes, I am a private investor in many of these, that all of a sudden they're going to be nuking the market and dumping on retail. And that's just not true in all cases. I think in some cases you probably have some bad actor VC's that do that type of stuff. But also a lot of these VC's are long only and their business model is to cream management fees for the ten year duration of the funds. So for folks that may not know, most VC funds are ten to twelve years in duration. So that money is locked up for a long time, which is one of the reasons why they can just stomach these huge rise and fall of price for the tokens that they end up having. If we believe that crypto web three blockchain tech is going to be adopted by the masses, well that's incremental money flowing into the system. If we believe that the global liquidity cycle is going to continue, that's just more money entering risk markets. And if you do believe that VC's are going to VC, well, they're going to sit on that stuff in a lot of cases. Right. So I just, I understand the sentiment. I do think there is something to be said about the kind of the value of the ICO and anagram friends of mine shout out to Lily Lu and Joe Egan over at anagram. They wrote a really interesting piece about like bring back the ICO, go to get some semblance of more fair pricing that comes into the market. There's trade offs to all this stuff and I don't think that you're going to have the same type of outcome with the low float, high FTV coins. This particular cycle, as you did in 2021, there were clearly a lot of sketchy projects that were doing very, I would say, not super beneficial things to retail and the consumers that were left kind of holding the bag. I just think it's different.
Speaker B: Do you think some of the, like, do you think there's going to be repercussions for that stuff? Like, there really hasn't been any repercussions that I've seen in some of those issues where they got dumped on. Do you think there will be repercussions at some point?
Speaker C: Yeah. So this is what's so fascinating about this, right? Because to me, crypto, Twitter, is a microcosm of a community on the broader Internet, right? It just happens to have a lot of money behind it and a lot of money to be made and fortunes to be won and lost, eta, et cetera. As an analogy, if you go look at the open source software communities, there was something, I don't know, 1012 years ago in a project that I was involved in, a large open source project where members of my company and team were really concerned what people were going to think if the project did x, Y or z. And I'm like, 99% of people don't care. They really don't care. And I think that that's the other thing that gets missed here, is that if you're active on crypto, Twitter, on Telegram, you're tracking all this stuff, you're looking at charts every day, et cetera, et cetera. This stuff can rile you up to the point where you're like, screw the VC's and they're dumping on retail. We should get away from this kind of stuff. But go talk to somebody who just opens a coinbase account and it's like, I don't know, this looks cool. I'm going to buy this. And now multiply that times a billion people, 100 million people, you know what I'm saying? I don't think they give a shit, honestly, I really don't.
Speaker B: What do you think, Alex?
Speaker D: I mean, most people don't even look at tokenomics and besting schedules and who is selling at all. They may read about it on the media like 48 hours later after somebody does an analysis and a reporter picks up on it and then ends up on some journal way later. So, yeah, I fully agree with that. At the same time, on the topic of what do the holders do with the coin? That's the key. What do they do? Do they have some sort of attachment or some fundamental long term cases. Many of these projects, the problem they have is that they get the coin. I think this is actually the key is getting the coin in the hands of the right people. If you get the coin, they're in the hands of the wrong people. Either through a BC round, multiple BC rounds, or a fair launch, the end result is the same. It's not that a fair launch is going to be more fair because you're going to have market participants that are very fast acting. Are they going to just buy up the supply just to dump it later? That's another thing on these coins. On these new launches, part of the criticism is that they go to market late and most of the price appreciation happens behind the scenes on private markets. But if you would change that and deploy that coin and launch it straight to the public at a very low valuation, what would likely happen is instead of the supply being beat up at very low prices by PCs, the same would happen by snipers and bottlers, and the end result could very easily be exactly the same without navcs. So there's no silver bullet. It's a difficult problem that needs a solution, but I don't know what the solution is right now.
Speaker C: That's right. One other fun fact, and I'm sure James could probably fact check this on me, but I saw it in a thread by a vc that I think it might have been Haseeb. I don't remember who it was, but something to the effect of like the average amount of flow that becomes available on a token generation event, which is the equivalent of an IPO for a token, is like twelve to 13%. That's actually consistent with ipos. I didn't know that. That's actually pretty powerful to know that. Hey, this low float thing, it's like, well, that's how it's been working in markets, capital markets for quite some time, if that number is actually correct.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker D: The one difference is that the besting schedules on the tratfi side are longer. That is the one thing that is different. We're talking five to six.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. I think the one criticism is like they're going to these things and then the tokens are created and trading immediately. Whereas like if you're doing that into an ETF from a VC perspective, typically it's years to possibly even decades before you can like actually, and I put in quotes, dump on retail by, during an IPO. So I think that the criticisms a little more, slightly more valid than that, but the vesting schedules thing is very intriguing. Do you guys have anything else for today?
Speaker D: Yeah, we could close it up with thoughts on what may follow ETh. Assuming. Assuming ease goes well, we get an ETF very soon. What comes later would be a dodge. ETF would be litecoin. Would it be Solana? What do you guys think? Any thoughts?
Speaker C: I mean, I was looking at GSol. GSOL, which is the grayscale. Solana Trust. You guys? Yeah, I mean, I don't know.
Speaker B: James, tell us what the premium number is.
Speaker C: I don't know if you can pull it up, but I think at some point today, I mean, I could be totally wrong, but I thought, I looked at it, I was like, wait a second, is that 500%? It was something just insane, and I think it got there. It was trading at an enormous premium earlier this year in Q one. So maybe that was true, but obviously I'm biased here. What's the number? How far off was I?
Speaker B: No, you were right. 524% premium. And then at the end of February, it was 875% premium. So there's people still putting money into grayscale. Solana Trust, I guess.
Speaker C: It's incredible. And so, Alex, from my perspective, obviously, I'm a big Solana bull, not a Solana Maxi. I think Solana is probably going to be next. Granted, there is some language in the Coinbase lawsuit that could impact that, but it seems pretty obvious. It's unlikely that if you look at XRP, I don't know, there's some history there with the SEC. So I don't know if that's going to be the ETF that comes next. Doge, definitely not a security. Why not? Maybe that could be an ETF. But from my perspective, I think at least the folks that I know in the space in tradfi as well, there's actually some interest in Solana, mostly because people missed the ETH trade last cycle and they see this as the faster horse. I think Raoul Paul has talked about this. A lot of other folks have talked about Solana being that next thing that could potentially happen. Solana reacted extremely well to the price action on the news today. It was definitely Ethereum's day to win. But from my perspective, and yes, I'm definitely biased, I think Solana, if there is an ETF that comes next, it's probably something like Solana.
Speaker B: I'll take the other side of that. I don't think Solana is coming anytime soon. I think Doge or litecoin or possibly even earlier. I mean, the thing is, well, first of all, we were talking about whether or not the presidency actually matters if Biden does what it seems like he might do. But the precedent here is that you have a CME futures market that is large enough and liquid enough for the SEC to surveil the spot market. So you have a regulated market. They refuse to call it of significant size, which I'll be interested to see whether or not even if it's a denial order, I was salivating, waiting to see what a potential denial order of these ETF's, because personally I think it should happen. I thought it should be approved. But the precedent here is you have a CME futures market that's regulated by a us federal regulator, CFTC. So I think right now the path is you need to do that. So outside of that, as Alex, as you hinted before, Doge is definitely not a security. It's likely a commodity. Almost certainly litecoin probably falls into that category as well. But who knows? I don't know what the FCC is going to say about Ethereum status if they do issue an approval or denial here. And then you mentioned XRP. Honestly, if that lawsuit goes all the way up and it gets done before we get any sort of clarity against what's a security or not a security, theoretically, if it goes all the way up and is deemed to not be a security, I think XRP could be next. Assuming there's like a futures market or regulated market, they can surveil. But until you see a futures market on Solana that is regulated by, say, the CFTC, I think at this point there is unlikely any reason to see a Solana ETF. That said, I've been saying for well over a year now, it was bitcoin first, Ethereum second, and then we're probably years away from another one. But again, if we have a different admin and somebody else running the SEC, maybe a Hester purse, I don't know if she would actually get to be the chairman. But if she was running the SEC, I think she'd have a much more open minded view of the space.
Speaker C: Well, James, I'm just glad we finally disagreed on something.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's more fun when we disagree. It's this people listening. All these guys planned to talk about this beforehand, but really we didn't.
Speaker D: Cool. I was just going to add, I think it's about the futures contract. So I would be 50 50 between Saul and Dodge. But the question is what? I mean, it's not a blackrock that is behind the listing of a futures contract at the CME. It's the CME itself. I actually don't have a strong view there, but I think it's an interesting topic.
Speaker B: Yeah, it'll be interesting. I know Coinbase filed for some futures contracts out there as well on Doge and litecoin and some other things, so it'll be interesting to see what happens there. But yeah, I think that's it for this one. Thanks for joining us for this episode of Bits and Bips. We'll be back in two weeks to discuss more about how the worlds in crypto and macro are colliding. Till then, talk soon. Hopefully when we come back here, we can discuss the approval orders. If not, we'll definitely be discussing denial orders, and Joe and I will be at consensus. So if you want to meet us there, we'll be there. Thanks guys.
Speaker C: See ya.
Speaker D: Thank you. Bye.
