Speaker A: If I were defending, let's say, some key creator on friend tech, what would the SEC try to claim? I think it would be very hard for them to claim security status.
Speaker B: Hi everyone. Welcome to Unchained, your no hype resource for all things crypto. I'm your host, Laura Shin, author of the Cryptopians. I started covering crypto eight years ago and as a senior editor at Forbes, was the first mainstream media reporter to cover cryptocurrency full time. This is the September 5, 2023 episode of Unchained. Toku makes implementing global token compensation and incentive awards simple with Toku, you get unmatched legal and tax tech support to grant and administer your global team's tokens. Make it simple today with Toku, Arbitrum's leading layer, two scaling solutions can provide you with lightning fast transactions at a fraction of the cost, all while ensuring security rooted on Ethereum, Arbitrum's newest addition, orbit, enables you to build your own tailor made layer three. Visit Arbitrum IO to buy, trade and spend Crypto on the crypto.com app. New users can enjoy zero credit card fees on crypto purchases in the first seven days. Download the crypto.com app and get $25 with the code Lora link in the description hey unchained listeners. As you know, it's hard keeping up with a fast paced world of crypto, so we've got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot. Youll get the latest crypto news and original articles from our reporters, as well as summaries of other happenings and bullet points. Plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. Its still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot. Todays topic is legal and tax issues around friend tech. Here to discuss are JW Verret, associate professor of law at George Basin Law School, and Jason Schwartz, tax partner and co head of the digital assets and blockchain practice at Freed Frank. Welcome JW and Jason good to be.
Speaker A: Here, good to be here.
Speaker B: Laura let's start by having each of you give your backgrounds so the audience understands how your experience relates to the topic at hand. JW, let's start with you.
Speaker A: I teach corporate securities and banking law at George Mason Law School and I also teach accounting, forensic accounting there. I practice as a securities lawyer. I defend clients from the SEC, and I do internal investigations of accounting matters. And I also practice as a forensic accountant where I support litigation matters and in working on us versus sterling off right now, which is taking up a lot of time.
Speaker B: Great to be here, Jason.
Speaker C: And I'm Jason Schwartz, as you mentioned, tax partner and co ed of digital assets at Freed Frank. I have been a financial products and funds lawyer for many, many years, a crypto lawyer for several years now. I represent clients ranging from centralized exchanges to banks to large asset managers to daos in the crypto space. I'm also an enthusiast myself, and I have an embarrassingly large collection of digital art.
Speaker B: Yeah. For those who are listening via audio, Jason's wearing that's a hash masks shirt. Is that right?
Speaker C: This is an ex copy grifter.
Speaker B: Oh, x. Okay, sorry. I'm clearly not up on all my different NFT collections. Okay, so for listeners who haven't had the chance to dive into frontech, which became a huge craze in crypto, it's sort of the latest craze since its launch on August 10. How about one of you describe what friendtech is?
Speaker C: So, on Friendtech, anyone can purchase keys to a chat room run by their friends, moderated by their friends, and in effect, the price of the keys is set on a bonding curve, so that the more people buy into a room, the more expensive the next key gets. In addition, at any point, any owner of a key can redeem that key back for the then current price of a key. So there's a financial aspect there, just.
Speaker B: To be clear, when you said that buying the key, which originally was called a share Youtland get access to, you called it a chat room run by your friends, but it's run by the person whose key you purchased. Right?
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker B: And so is it just that, like, just that it's sort of like this ticket to this chat room and pretty much that's it. Or are there other features?
Speaker C: So, I mean, I think that right now, this is in beta still, right? So, so features are being rolled out, it seems, on a daily basis, including changes to the nomenclature that they use, as you already alluded to. But the way it works currently is that the room moderator, the person whose key, or sherry bot, is the only person who everyone in the room can see. So if I'm the moderator, really, it's just a stream of consciousness chat by me. People can respond to me and I can see their responses, and if I desire, I'll you know, copy and paste their responses for coherence when I comment on their responses. But right now it's fairly bare bones. And frankly, I personally find that pretty charming. At first it was plain text only. There weren't even line breaks allowed. Now you can have line breaks. They also embed it. They also now allow embedded URL's, but they don't yet have image sharing. I think image sharing is on an informal roadmap that I was made aware of. So I'm sure they'll continue to roll out features, or I hope they'll continue to roll out features. But right now it is really bare bones. That said, I find it extremely exciting because it really is the first successful metaverse experience that I've practiced in. I mean, a lot of people think of metaverse as something involving AR or VR, but really, I think of it as a social experiment that includes self sovereignty of your own data and friends. And in a sense, Twitter is probably like a good primitive for a metaverse, just without self sovereignty. And it's just really amazing to see the rapid rise in popularity with friendtech. And finally, I can talk about the taxation of metaverse transactions, not just hypothetically, which is, for me, really exciting.
Speaker B: And one other aspect I wanted to ask is that earlier you said that you could, you know, if you dispose of your key, you sell it, but it sounded like you were saying you only sell it back to the creator, so there's no secondary trading.
Speaker C: To me, that's a really important feature. And we can, we could get into why later, but, yeah, that's exactly right. When you purchase a key, it feels, from your perspective, from, from the purchaser's perspective, as if you're purchasing a token on the secondary market. But in fact, that's not what's happening. You are contributing ETH into a pool, effectively a pool of ETH. And if you look at the contract, it's really just this monolithic smart contract that holds a bunch of ETH, and you receive a key in exchange. And if and when you want to dispose of your key, what you're really doing is just withdrawing ETh from the smart contract. And the amount of Eth you can withdraw is determined by a very simple bonding curve.
Speaker B: Okay, so one thing that I was curious about as I was looking at all this activity is there's been previous attempts at decentralized social media. So how is frontech different?
Speaker C: Okay, so full disclosure, I can't claim to be, you know, an expert in decentralized social media. I only have so many hours in the day. I try not to spend all of them on social media, but to me, the most important distinction is that fronttech is really easy to join. It's built on base, which is an optimistic roll up on Ethereum. All of the assets are self custodied. However, it requires very little, I should say relatively little, at least for a crypto, for a crypto native experience to join. It's fully mobile, which I don't think other decentralized social media apps have been. It is really just a matter of clicking a few links on your phone and a wallet is set up for you. It doesn't require you to write down a seed phrase even though it's your wallet. The developers don't have any access to the seed phrase, but the seed phrase is, I believe, stored online. But you can withdraw your eth to another base wallet if you want. And to me, that's the most exciting, I guess, like, you know, some other. Some other aspects. You know, obvious distinctions between friendtech and other decentralized social is that friendtech is not so much aiming, I think, to connect people in a town square type environment as other decentralized social media experiments have with, you know, Twitter or Facebook or LinkedIn or something being the paradigm, but rather is maybe aspiring to be more like, you know, WhatsApp, but where you buy a share or a key, I should say a key for unlimited and eternal access to that WhatsApp room.
Speaker B: Or it's like on telegram, there are those groups where you just broadcast. Yes, exactly. Yeah, it's more like that.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: I mean, this became so popular so fast, at one point its 24 hours fees were so high that only Ethereum and Lido generated more fees during that period, which is striking. So I think that goes to the usability that you mentioned. Gw. Do you have any thoughts you want to add on anything just discussed?
Speaker A: Just about how interesting it is? One of the fun aspects of it is it kind of reminds me of, there are a few websites where you can hire someone famous to do a birthday jingle for you or something. Hire Gary Busey to say happy birthday to your friend. It kind of reminds me of that in a way. That's part of what they're monetizing, is the ability to access Kobe. You know, it's expensive now. It's like $6,000 now to access Kobe. But to access him in the chat room where there are only 60 other people vying for his attention, is a monetized thing, which kind of is part of what makes this interesting I don't know if that will have legs beyond CT, but at least within that world, I think it's a way to kind of cut through the noise of CT and get ahead of the line and chat with somebody you really want to chat with. So some people find that really valuable. I saw a post by someone in some obscure branch of the humanities that said, I get to access the leading mind in this branch of humanities on friend tech. This is so cool. For like $100, I get to have chats with them. Now that only works if the person issuing the keys spends a lot of time responding to what their keyholders say to them. But that all will be governed by a market process. So it adds a market process to social networks. That's why I think it's cool.
Speaker C: Yeah, I actually, on that note, I did want to mention one thing that I neglected to mention, which is I said that there is a bonding curve in my view. Unfortunately, we don't yet. The creators or room moderators I've been calling them don't have the ability to set the price curve themselves. To me at least, I was a little off put initially by the rapid rise of my price. When I first joined Fronttech. I think within a few hours my shares were something like $100 and I'm not worth that. Or at least I'm worth a lot more than that in my professional capacity. But just for access to effectively a lessen an uncensored version of my tweets, I wouldn't pay that much. There are fees on each entry and exit, and the fees are actually 10% of the price at that time. And that's pretty high. I mean, what that means is that if you actually expect to make any money flipping keys, you better expect very significant price increases between your purchase and your redemption. 5% of those fees are streamed in real time to the room moderator, and then the other five, I guess, goes to the developers. That also creates an incentive that I think could be perverse. It seems like. I would think that that would create an incentive to potentially increase volatility in your key price. You want buying and selling if you want to be streamed rewards. Now, maybe the rebuttal to that is, look, this isn't supposed to be financial. This is just, you know, this is really just supposed to be for fun. The financial aspect is secondary, but if that were the case, then I don't think that the prices would, the price curve would be quite so steep. So I do think that there are some elements that really will need to be tweaked if this is to appeal to normies in the future, but it's a really exciting primitive, at least in my view.
Speaker A: Yeah. Jason, are you saying you're worried that people. That some of your friends will be priced out? Is that the answer?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah, because I think it's worth it. I mean, if I was more of an NFT collector, I'd want to pick your brain on the next project to get into, and I'd use friendtech to jump to the front of the line. So I think it's worth it, man. That's why I'm. I'm hodling my crypto tech sky.
Speaker C: But you can just ask me that on Telegram, right? I mean, that's the. We'll see. I mean, I think the access point is really interesting, and I think that, again, one thing that I find really charming is that, as I said, is that the app is kind of being built while people are using it and being onboarded. So maybe it'll morph into something that we don't quite expect. And I can imagine many different use cases. One might be just access, and it might be that I'm not really the type of person whose room you want to follow. And maybe Kobe is a better person because he's really hard to get ahold of on Twitter, but maybe less so if he knows that you've bought a key.
Speaker B: Yeah, I saw a few different people saying things that said, oh, they would prefer a model where people have to pay you to contact you, which is exactly what earn.com used to be. So I could imagine certain people using it in that respect if they feel like they want to monetize their time. Because, frankly, when you were talking about how you wanted to be able to set your bonding curve not so steeply, I thought, oh, if I were on there, I definitely would set mine high, because I don't want to have to answer random questions. Like, sometimes I'll do these Q and a episodes where people can send in questions. And for some reason, I think people think I know literally everything about crypto because I get the craziest questions, where it would take me, like, a day or two to research that to answer. And they seem to expect that. I know one of the ones was something like how blockchain technology can be used, can be applied in, like, satellite technology or something like that. And I was like, why do you think that I know the answer to this? It was crazy. So, anyway, point is, I wouldn't want the. If I were on there, I would be worried that it was going to take over my life. I'd be like doing work for people. So I'd set the price really high. But anyway, okay, so let's do admire.
Speaker A: I admire that the reporter in you tried to figure out the answer to that question anyway.
Speaker B: No, I didn't, because there were so it was a mailbag episode and I had so many questions. I was like, well, clearly I'm nothing do that one because I would have to take the time to research it, and it's not where it would take way more time than I have.
Speaker C: Well, Laura, there's something else that has like, that has transpired on frontec that I think is just fascinating. And this just goes to show, like, what profit seeking animals crypto has shown human beings to be. There are now some participants in frontech Levy is one, is one who has followed me who just buy keys, they amass keys, and then they encourage people to just buy into their room rather than buying into each of the individual rooms, each of the underlying individual rooms. And they just stream everything from the rooms whose keys they own. So they're aggregators. I think that's just so fascinating. And I'm really curious to see what transpires from that. You know, there's also some people have actually, Levy, as an example, again, who have actually tokenized their own keys. So if you own a token that represents, you know, a fractional interest in a key, you can't access, you can't use it to access a room, but you can use it to basically, you know, on the price of. Right, I was going to say, or hedge, hedge against potential price increases while you're saving money to join the room. But yeah, it's speculation. So really interesting to see what else comes out of this.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, this is actually a natural segue to the next topic, which is one that I think a lot of people have been wondering about because obviously keys were originally called shares, and that provoked a lot of commentary that this, you know, kind of indicated these were similar to securities. And there were a few tweets saying, hey, you guys, these are securities. JW, why don't you give us the argument that says that keys are securities and the one that says that they are not.
Speaker A: Okay, and so we'll do the disclaimer. I'm a lawyer, I'm not your lawyer. Not a lawyer for any listener not providing legal advice. And it's very risky to provide legal advice in crypto for anyone in that field providing securities advice because we're in a situation, we're in a world where I could provide you advice about the doctrine as I know it, and you could still get sued by the SEC, because I think they are irresponsibly abusing their power in ways that violate the law simply. But to make it clear. So I only do defense work, but if so, if I were defending, let's say, some key creator on, on friend tech, what would the SEC try to claim? I think it would be very hard for them to claim security status. I think they have two routes, basically, to claim it was a security, they would say, first, back when it was called the share, they would try to use a case called Landreth, which says that if you call it stock, it's not necessarily dispositive. If you call it stock or call it a share, it's not necessarily dispositive, but it might help if it also has the attributes usually associated with stock. And that's a somewhat flexible test that looks to different kinds of things, like dividends. And the SEC might try to claim somehow that the fee that's shared with the creator is some form of a type of a dividend, even though it's really not. I would be skeptical of the SEC trying to jam this into the Landreth test for stock or the Howey test generally. And I would be very confident if they tried to do that to a, to a creator, I'd be very confident in the defense, because, again, because of the limitation on resale. But even if there were resales, I think, on the commonality element and the efforts of others element, I think I could poke some holes in that. The other complication to this is that, is that we didn't talk yet about the airdrops. The points that you get that are going to eventually translate into something. I'm not entirely sure what those weekly points will do, but that would probably enter into the analysis at some point.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, so I'm obviously not a lawyer, but just from my knowledge of covering the space and all the ways in which crypto tokens can be argued to be securities, I guess the very simple argument that they are securities would be the four prong test. Investment in a common enterprise, investor of money in a common enterprise with an expectation of profits from the efforts of others. And so you could say like, oh, people are buying these to speculate they want to buy them early so that they can sell them later when the price is higher and the price is determined by the efforts of the person whose keys you own, whether or not they do a good job with their chat room or whether or not they're successful. And so that's probably a really simple or simplified maybe way to say that would be the pro argument, but it sounds like you don't agree or don't believe that there's security, so what is that argument?
Speaker A: So, and let me go back to what you've aptly described. It would depend in part on what that particular creator did and said. So I could think of a fact pattern where the creator might make it a security just because they are loudly touting to the world, buy my key and you will get rich and you will have much profit in the future because I'm going to grow my presence and all of that. I did a parody tweet about this. I hope the world started as parody. Buy my keys. And I promise that your investment of money in the common enterprise by my efforts, will increase in value. I was kidding. I was kidding. Sec, if you're watching, I was kidding. And thankfully, I think only the bots are buying my keys right now. But so it might depend on how the individual creator touted to try to get people to purchase their keys. It would also have to reach a level at which it's a public offering. So, you know. Yeah, I wouldn't be too worried about de minimis touting even. It would have to be pretty sizable offering of keys. I think that would be larger than anything that's happened on Ferndatak so far. So it would have to go to facts that an individual person was doing that were really irresponsible about trying to tell the world to come buy their keys, and then they'll get rich off of doing so.
Speaker B: Okay, but you don't believe there are security. So walk me through your analysis that leads you to that conclusion.
Speaker A: So the four part test for Howie, I talked a little bit about Landreth. I think it was a good idea to change the name. That's not dispositive. It's just a good idea. It's more careful, more thoughtful, decreases the risk that that test will apply. But the Landrith test, which is an alternative to the Howard test, the Landrift test, says, does it seem like stock? Then it's stock, and therefore an investment contract, and therefore a security. Does it seem like stock? Does it have voting rights? Does it have dividends? It doesn't have to have all of them. But you look at a list of things usually associated with stock, and you say most of them are there. Okay, we'll call it stock. None of those are really here. I don't see dividends I don't see voting rights. I don't see liquidation rights. I don't see anything like that. Stock splits possibly happening. I guess there's some kind of a split phenomenon that happens here, but I just don't see the land with test applying back to the how we test that we have all learned to love in crypto, an investment of money. That element of the test doesn't have much substance to it in the case law, investment of money in a common enterprise. That's where we start to get tricky here. First of all, it's not really an enterprise. It's a chat room. It's a lot more like a ticket to a concert. And even those have secondary markets. This doesn't have a secondary market yet. So I think it fails the common enterprise element because it's just access to talking to a person. And there's no commonality in the way there is when you invest your money into a pool of assets that are then used to create value.
Speaker B: But if secondary markets were to pop up, then would that change your analysis?
Speaker A: It tips the scales a little bit in favor of its determination, but to my mind, doesn't make it clear cut.
Speaker B: Okay, let's also now talk about the ERC 20 tokens, which apparently so this was created by crypto influencer FuBAR, and it's a tool where people can create what's. What he's calling wrapped friends, which are these ERC 20 tokens of the keys. So what do you think about wrapped friends tokens? Are those securities?
Speaker A: I'm confessing my ignorance here. Can you tell me a little bit more about how those work?
Speaker B: Well, Jason kind of described it earlier.
Speaker C: My understanding. My understanding is that a smart contract acquires a key and then issues a set number of ERC 20s while holding the key. So if you buy an ERC 20, you effectively just own an indirect interest in the key.
Speaker B: But then is the price of that ERC 20 token pegged in any way to the value of the key, or is it just freely trading?
Speaker C: A liquidity pool is set up so that arbitrageurs will, in theory, ensure that the ERC twenty's price tracks a fractionalized interest in the key.
Speaker A: The presence of the market maker is a problem, I would say, for that setup. Other than that, it seems to lean more towards commodity than security. But the market maker could be a problem and could create the efforts of others in the fourth element of the Howard test.
Speaker B: Okay. Well, yeah, it's all so new that.
Speaker A: It does remind me of some prior cases that were referenced, I think, in some of Marco Santoris original work in the SAF papers. That looks to a line of cases where a secured interest in gold or other types of commodities was sold and determined not to be a sale of a security. I think that line of cases is probably what you try to use to defend this. But again, its litigation risk is high. I think you could maybe still win, but theres significant litigation risk even if you think youve got it right on the doctrine.
Speaker C: I guess my full disclosure, I'm a tax lawyer, so not a securities lawyer. And I guess while I'm at it, not your lawyer. Nothing I say here should be construed as legal advice, nor the opinions necessarily of freed Frank. These are my personal opinions. That said, I sort of have a question, JW, which is at least in the ripple case, which I know is being appealed by the SEC, the judges conclusion appeared to be, well, look, if the money isnt actually going to the person whose efforts are supposed to be turning the profit, then theres no investment of money in a common enterprise. And I would have thought that that would be a fairly strong argument to make here. I mean, im not getting the money if you buy keys. If I hold a key in myself, then the price of that key appreciates. So I can resume it for more eth. But there's really no money being sent to me. And same with some rando sets up a liquidity pool after buying my key. None of the money spent by people in purchasing ERC 20s is necessarily going back to me. Do you think that that argument carries any weight?
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, I hope it, I hope it survives from the Ripple case. We have a situation right now where we have two competing judges at the southern District of New York, and Judge Torres said ruled that way. And in the terror case, we have effectively the opposite position. You're effectively betting on which way that's going to go with the second circuitous, and that's a lot to bet with. I hope it goes Torres way, but I'm just not sure. And I think it's kind of a coin toss right now. And this is, this is the hard thing. This is the unfair thing about compliance with law is you could be relying on the ripple case, you could, in how you design a token listing, like a wrapped token that creates an interest in a friend tech key. You could rely on the ripple case and then it gets overturned in the second circuit, and then, whoops, now the SEC is coming after you even though you're relying on good law at the time. That's the enforcement situation we're in. And usually when this happens, the SEC creates guidance to help us through it, but the politics don't line up such that they want to do that.
Speaker B: Yeah, there's a lot of uncertainty obviously at this moment regarding all of these types of questions in crypto. So in a moment we're going to talk about another area that's quite uncertain regarding crypto, and that is tax. But first, a quick word from the sponsors who make this show possible. Toku makes managing global token compensation and incentive awards simple. Are you designing your token compensation plan and grant templates with multiple law firms? Are you managing cliffs, vesting and taxable events in a spreadsheet? Are you distributing tokens to your team manually? With Toku, you get unmatched legal and tax tech support to grant and administer your global teams tokens easy to use token grant award templates vesting tracking via online dashboard tax withholding integration with payroll automated distributions great employee experience make it simple with Toku. Learn more@toku.com Unchained Join over 80 million people using crypto.com comma, one of the easiest places to buy, trade, and spend over 250 cryptocurrencies. With the crypto.com Visa card, you can spend your crypto anywhere and get rewarded at every step, up to 5% cashback instantly, plus 100% rebates for your Netflix and Spotify subscriptions and zero annual fees. New users enjoy zero credit card fees on crypto purchases in their first seven days. Download the crypto.com app and get dollar 25 with the code Lora link in the description. Arbitrum stands at the forefront of innovation as the premier suite of layer two scaling solutions, bringing you lightning fast transactions at a fraction of the cost, all with security rooted on ethereum. From Defi to gaming, Arbitrum one plus Nova is home to over 500 projects, and with the recent launch of orbit, Arbitrum welcomes you to build your very own tailor made layer three, or as the arbitrum ecosystem calls it, an orbit chain directly on the arbitrum tech stack. Designed with you in mind, Arbitrum empowers you to explore and build without compromise. Propel your project and community forward by visiting Arbitrum IO today.
Speaker D: This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling wherever you sell. With Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps, and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your $1 per month trial period@shopify.com. tech all lowercase. That's Shopify.com tech.
Speaker B: Back to my conversation with JW and Jason. So now let's turn to the tax issues Jason described for us friend Tech transactions in the context of tax law. And unfortunately, listeners who are abroad, we're going to probably focus on us tax law. But what I would want to do is break it out also for the buyer and then the person, the creator or the person whose keys were bought. Let's talk about both of their tax liability.
Speaker C: Yeah, let's do that. So first of all, a brief introduction, which is, ordinarily, when you purchase a crypto token, that crypto token, according to the IR's since 2014 guidance that it issued, is treated as property. It hasn't said what type of property. So that's a not always entirely helpful. But on the basis of that guidance, people have typically treated crypto transactions as property transactions. So if I use ETH to buy some other token when I spend the ETH, that's actually treated as a disposition of my ETH at fair market value. So I have gain or loss on the ETH, something that is of the bane of every crypto native's existence. Then I take that new asset with a basis equal to the cost at the time. And when I eventually sell that asset, I have capital gain or loss equal to my fair market value of that asset, of that token when I sell it, minus my basis. That's standard crypto taxation. Now, at first blush, you would think, oh, frontech should result in the same taxation, right? I'm buying shares, particularly when they were called shares. I'm just buying shares. This is the same thing as just buying IBM stock, just with ETH. So I have a disposition of ETH. When I purchase, I have gain or loss on my ETH, I have an established basis. And then when I sell my shares, I have capital gain or loss. Capital gain is taxed either at your ordinary rate, if you sell the asset within a year, or at a preferential long term rate, if you hold the asset for more than a year, that rate caps out at 20%. So that's generally, that's typically preferential for individuals who are subject to a maximum ordinary rate of 37% percent, right? 20% is a lot better than that. Capital losses are subject to limitations. You're only allowed to use them to deduct them against your capital gains for the year, plus $3,000 of ordinary income for the year. However, you can carry them forward forever. So last year, everyone had Max Payne capital losses, but, yeah, and they probably couldn't use all of those losses because no one had any gains, but they could carry those losses forward for the next 50 years. And someday, when crypto moons again, we can all shelter our gains with all the losses that we.
Speaker A: I won't live long enough, I don't think. Use them all.
Speaker C: Now, all of that being said, as a general rule, tax law looks to the substance of a transaction rather than to its form. Okay? Now, that's a general rule, and general rules are meant to be broken, but we don't really have anything else to go by here in crypto. So we're kind of stuck saying, like, okay, substance over form principles. Let's dig in and see what's really happening on forensic. And as I described in the beginning, what's really happening in frontech is the following. Taken very simplistically, Laura, you and I each contribute $50 to a bank account, and then I pull out $75, leaving you with dollar 25. And if I do that, as a general matter, I have $25 of ordinary income, not capital gain, because a bank account is not a separate piece of property. It doesn't have an issuer. It's just pooled money. Right. And you have $25 of some type of loss, and we have to determine whether you can actually deduct that loss. Tax law has a lot of rules about what losses can be deducted. So if you apply a substance over form approach to the taxation of friendTech, I think you're stuck with that results. And unfortunately, that result ends up being really bad for taxpayers, for most taxpayers. And here's why. As I said, my gain is ordinary income. Maybe that's not the worst thing in the world, because, you know, I probably wasn't planning on holding friend tech keys for more than a year to get the long term capital gains rate. So whatever. I would have had short term capital gains, which are taxed at ordinary rates anyway. But what about the loss that someone incurs if they redeem for an amount of eth that is worth less in us dollar terms than the amount of eth that they put in? Well, unfortunately, ordinary losses that are incurred outside of the business context. So when you're not running your own business and you incur ordinary losses, they're subject to severe limitations for individuals. Basically, ordinary losses are not deductible at all if they are. Miscellaneous itemized deductions and miscellaneous itemized deductions are defined to basically include all losses other than a very narrowly defined set of losses. And that narrowly defined set, it includes things like theft losses in a transaction entered into for profit. But these aren't theft losses. I say that I mentioned theft losses because so many crypto natives, including myself, have been fish at one point or another in their tenure as crypto natives and have had to figure out whether or not they can deduct the loss. You often can if you can establish that theft was in fact an illegal taking and that it was incurred in a transaction entered into for profit. But fronttech is not a theft loss. What you're left with is maybe wagering losses. So wagering losses are deductible to the extent of your wagering income for the year, and then they die. They're not carried forward. So it's possible that you could treat friendtech as like a gambling app, and you say, okay, accordingly, my losses are at least deductible to the extent of my income from Frentech. But unfortunately, wagering losses actually also are not defined in the tax code. There is a body of case law relating to gambling, but the gambling there tends to be sort of your traditional gambling cases, casino type gambling. That said, I did do a little bit of research before joining this podcast, and I found one very esoteric tax code section that also uses the term wagering. And if you sort of dig deep into the regulations, under that section, the regulations refer to wagering as including betting on contests. And contests includes contests involving popularity, whatever that means. So maybe you can conclude that, look, friend tech is just a popularity contest, and I'm just betting on popularity. And accordingly, my losses are at least deductible to the extent of my income from using friendtech. But it's really unclear.
Speaker B: Wait, and does all this apply to both the creator and the buyer?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: Yeah. There are two streams of income that the creator has, right? Stream number one is if the creator keeps their own key, you actually get your own key for free. One key. You can obviously buy more keys than yourself if you want to really go in, but you get your key, and presumably the receipt of a key upfront is not taxable. You haven't actually even contributed anything to frontec at that time. And then if you ultimately redeem that key, you have, as I said, income or loss, really, the creator is treated the same as anyone else with a key. The other stream of income to the creator are these trading fees. As I mentioned, there's this 10% fee that's imposed on every person's entry and exit into a key and 5% of those fees are streamed in real time to the creator. And for those, the IR's says that you're taxed on the receipt of crypto at the time that you have Dominion and control over that crypto. Dominion and control basically means the ability to transfer. So at the time that those rewards become unlocked, I actually think they might still be locked. I don't know if you can withdraw the rewards yet, but at the time they become unlocked, presumably we all have an income event equal to the then us dollar fair market value of that eth.
Speaker A: You see why I bought a share in crypto tax, guy. I'm going to be messaging on April 15.
Speaker B: And so for creators, the cost basis would be zero because it's like nothing when they create it. Is that it or. Yeah, okay.
Speaker C: I think that's right.
Speaker B: And you were saying for the airdrops points, the cost basis will be whatever it is, like initially the initial market price.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. Well, let's talk a little bit more about these airdropped points, because weirdly, one thing is, apparently they're recorded off chain. I totally don't understand why that seems so weird to me. But anyway, jw, you kind of alluded to them earlier, and I do think there's a securities question here, too. Do you think users should be concerned about securities implications for the airdrops they're receiving?
Speaker A: Well, I mean, no more so than any other airdrop in crypto. I'm not sure how it's going to work when it happens. There have been assertions that airdrops constitute an offer or sale of securities. For one thing, the ripple case was good for this point. Ripple stood for the point that airdrops are not securities. By way of analogy to the other uses of token distributions to employees that happened in the Ripple case, I think you can use Ripple to cite that airdrops are not securities which is on offer. A sale of securities which is good if it stands up, if it continues to hold up. But I think that's also still pretty good law generally. There's been one case where the SEC settled with someone, Tomahawk, where the question was over an airdrop, and as part of that airdrop, the recipients of the airdrop did a lot of work to obtain the airdrop that furthered distribution of the security. So it wasn't just an airdrop for using it or doing a little scavenger hunt or something on optimism. It was an airdrop in exchange for doing things to promote the sale of whatever Tomahawk was which is a different case than most of the airdrops we see today. They're all pretty careful. And so as long as friend Tech's airdrop follows that model as just a reward to users for using, I don't think the airdrop itself is going to be an offer or sale of a security. Remember, it has to not only meet the Howey test, but it also has to offer to sell securities or actually sell securities. So the question is, is giving away something for free an offer or sale of that thing? There are some cases where the SEC has said, and courts have gone along with the idea that if you're spinning off a subsidiary of a company and giving away the stock in that subsidiary to your existing shareholders, that's often how it will be. Like a big mega company will have a small subsidiary, they'll give away the shares in that subsidiary to the shareholders in the parent company. So they just give them away. And the SEC says that constitutes an offer sale of securities that has to be registered, even though you're giving them away for free because you intend to create a subsequent market in those securities by the free distribution of them anyway. Some people have said because of those old cases about spinoffs of corporate subsidiaries, that means crypto airdrops or securities. I think that's a bad analogy because first of all, we're talking about something that's already stock in the first situation and therefore already an investment contract before we even get to the Howard test. So anyway, don't get me started on airdrops, but I think as long as they follow the general pattern that the responsible airdrops in recent years have followed, I think for N Tech, Airdrop should be fine, shouldn't be at and high risk of security status. But again, that's assuming a good faith SEC following reasonable doctrine, which you can't assume, you could do everything right and still get sued.
Speaker B: All right, so now let's also talk about privacy issues, because there have been a few related to Frontech. One is that the app launched without a privacy policy, which is interesting given that it's in some respects a financial app. What are your takes on that?
Speaker A: I never believed this was a private application. If I want to have a private chat, I'll go do it on signal. I'm not going to do it here. This is just something I'm playing around with a little bit. But I don't think it has any more privacy than Twitter has, which is no privacy. I wouldn't assume it's also very centralized in the same way that optimistic roll ups like base, on which this transacts are centralized. Coinbase can turn that off or roll it back at any time. So it's crypto adjacent, but it's not fully crypto native because it's not self sovereign in that way, not private. But that's fine as long as you know what you're getting.
Speaker B: And so you're saying, because like a privacy policy, that's sort of like a standard thing, frankly, that a lot of, I think, lawyers would recommend that their company that their clients use, but also these chat rooms are private, so. But I don't know if I fully understand what your point is.
Speaker A: Well, I wouldn't assume that no one can monitor what you're saying. I wouldn't make that assumption when you connect to it. I would use a VPN. Like you should use a VPN when you use anything on the Internet.
Speaker B: And why is that important?
Speaker A: That's just a good default practice to use, especially if you're using a handle in using friend tech. But again, I wouldn't assume anything's private on this particular.
Speaker B: All right. And then crypto developer Bantech published a list of over 100,000 frontec user accounts and made public which base wallet addresses connected to which Twitter profiles. Fronttech responded that this was publicly available information. Quote, they said, this is just someone scraping our public API that shows the association between public wallet address and public Twitter username. So what do you think? Was this a privacy violation or nothing?
Speaker A: No, this is just, it's only a private privacy violation if you claim there's privacy and then you lie about the privacy. And I haven't seen this company do that. This is just the fact that it's not private to begin with.
Speaker C: As a layperson, I'm not the one wearing the Zcash t shirt, but.
Speaker A: I.
Speaker C: Didn'T understand all the hullabaloo over that.
Speaker B: Well, I mean, I think initially, most people wouldn't want their actual identity affiliated with their crypto wallet. So just the fact that this got published, I think was the initial.
Speaker C: But I mean, it's a blockchain. Like, everything is public, and if you own an NFT and you announce that, then your wallet is stocked. I. And this is effectively just. You're associating your Twitter handle with a wallet spun up by an app specifically to interact with that Twitter handle. So that's what I don't really understand. There ought to be privacy software that enables me to. To cleanse my ETH, right. When I withdraw my ETH from Friendtech, in some, my personal base wallet. I think it's a disgrace that we as Americans don't have access to privacy software that I can then use to wash that ETH and go dark again. Happen to think it's a national security issue down the line because, I mean, the us government doesn't want the transactions of every american broadcast to the world. And I think that there. I know this is a topic for.
Speaker B: Another podcast, just like the exact opposite of what they're doing with the Tornado catch situation. I think they definitely don't want you to use privacy software, but anyway, they think they don't.
Speaker C: But, I mean, imagine if all of our Amazon purchases were just broadcast to the world. It would be a disaster. It's a serious national security issue. And I think that because the government doesn't yet take crypto seriously as a future transfer value protocol for settling value transfers among people at scale, they just haven't really bothered to think through the ramifications of denying Americans privacy tools.
Speaker A: Yeah, this is. This is why we're. This is why. I was just gonna say this is why we're fintech friends, Jason. I. But you mentioned that, so. Yeah. The Ethereum blockchain is not private. It's fully public, especially now the tornado cash is sanctioned. But there is one blockchain that is private shielded transactions on zcash, or private. You can't move nfts there. But we're working on that. And we're working on a project called Zcash Shielded Assets, where you take things from another blockchain and put it into a zcash shielded note, which might include nfts at some point. So you might have exactly what you're asking for, Jason, once that gets up and running. So ZSAs, I'm a big fan of them.
Speaker B: One other issue with fronttech is, um, this question of whether or not users can kind of leave the app. Like, you know, you could log off, you could disconnect your Twitter profile, but you can't stop your profile from being traded on the app. So I wondered if you thought that created a problem.
Speaker A: No. I mean, I think that's part of what you get when you. When you go in there. Doesn't seem like it would work the opposite way.
Speaker C: Right?
Speaker A: It wouldn't. It wouldn't. People would be buying keys and then suddenly they wouldn't have value anymore. Of course that could just happen because you just quit. You quit responding to it. But no, I didn't see that as a problem, personally. I don't know, but maybe somebody else has a different different critique I haven't heard yet.
Speaker C: What's the issue? We're just, again, this is a big pool of eth that people are shifting back and forth. I don't really see any real privacy violation with people shifting ETH to or from, you know, holders of a ledger entry that has, you know, the, that's annotated with, you know, crypto attacksguy.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, there have been times in the past when certain social media platforms got, you know, people were leaving them en masse, and I, that's not really a possibility with this. So maybe that's why some people are mentioning that. So let's kind of prognosticate a little bit. There have been a lot of people that have been saying that friendtech will be a flash in the pan and it'll die down just as quickly as other previous attempts at decentralized social media. And I was curious for your thoughts. What do you think is going to happen?
Speaker A: It's too cool not to either have a shot at growing or be copied by somebody else and done better. One of those two things will happen.
Speaker C: Yeah, I agree. Actually, I don't know how I feel about friendtech in its current form. As I mentioned, I think it's extremely buggy. No one would dispute that. I think that, you know, the price curve is bizarrely steep, and I think that there are potential perverse incentives created by the, by the fees. But it is easily the most exciting thing I've seen in crypto this year.
Speaker B: All right, well, where can people learn more about each of you and your work?
Speaker C: So, yeah, Jason Schwartz, you can google me. Jason Schwartz freed Frank. I'm also crypto taxguy eth on Twitter, on LinkedIn. My LinkedIn is also crypto tax guy eth. So I'm pretty easy to find.
Speaker A: And I have a regular column with Cointelegraph where I write about privacy issues and crypto law and policy issues. And you can find me at my law firm, Lawrence Law, LLC, or George Mason Law school websites and around DC doing various policy things, advocating for privacy from the Zcash foundation board, and loves to talk, talk crypto law, policy or privacy with any of your listeners anytime. Hit me up on Twitter.
Speaker B: Great. Well, thank you both so much for coming on Unchained.
Speaker A: Thank you.
Speaker B: Thanks so much for joining us today. To learn more about JW, Jason, and the legal, tax and privacy issues around friendtech, check out the show notes for this episode. Unchained is produced by me, Laura Shin, with help from Kevin Fuchs, Matt Pilchard, Juana Ranovich, Sam Sriram, Ginny Hogan, Leandra Camino Shashank and Margaret Corria. Thanks for listening. Unchained is now a part of the Coindesk podcast Network. We've joined forces with Coindesk's other great shows, like Markets Daily, where you can hear about the latest in digital assets seven days a week and much more. Subscribe and follow the Coindesk podcast Network today.
