Speaker A: Hey unchained listeners, as you know its hard keeping up with the fast paced world of crypto, so weve got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. youll get the latest crypto news in original articles from our reporters as well as summaries of other happenings in bullet points. Plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. Its still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot. Again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot.
Speaker B: What blur did really well is they allowed, almost like allow for pro trading to happen at scale, which is something was really hard in Opensea. And so I generally don't trade nfts. But one of the things when I go to sell stuff is that it's hard to sell stuff on Opensea. It's a time consuming process. If I have 100 nfts of a collection I want to sell some. I have to list each one individually. I think what Blur did especially well right out of the gate was, you know, they allowed for, you know, if I had 100 nfts I could list them pretty quickly. You know they, they also brought in liquidity on like the bid side so they incentivize people to buy on their platform.
Speaker A: Hi everyone, welcome to Unchained, your no hype resource for all things crypto. I'm your host, Laura Shinna, author of the Cryptopians. I started having crypto eight years ago and as a senior editor at Forbes, was the first mainstream media reporter to cover cryptocurrency full time. This is the November 10, 2023 episode of Unchained Vault. Craft by Popcorn is your no code defi toolkit for building automated non custodial yield strategies. Learn more on Vaultcraft IO about how you can supercharge your crypto portfolio. Femex, a prominent crypto exchange, is at the forefront of revolutionizing centralized exchanges. Unleash your unique web 3.0 identity. Discover more@femex.com Dot Arbitrum's leading layer two scaling solution offers you ultra cheap and lightning fast transactions, all with security rooted on ethereum. Visit arbitrum IO today with the crypto.com app, you can buy, trade, and spend crypto in one place. Download and get dollar 25 with the code Lora link in the description. Today's guest is gee money NFT collector and founder of nine DCC. Welcome, G Money.
Speaker B: Hey, Laura, how are you?
Speaker A: Good. Glad to have you. Yeah, thanks for, yeah. Last week, OpenSea announced that it had laid off half of its staff. So as a stunning move for what had long been the leading NFT platform for most of NFT history, especially since this was not OpenseA first round of layoffs in this bear market, what do you think happened there? Why has OpenSea stumbled so hard?
Speaker B: To be perfectly honest, I don't really know what's been happening internally. I can only talk about what I've seen from, as an external market participant. And I think obviously OpenSea was the main platform initially at the beginning of the NFT bull run a few years ago. And I think what ended up happening was they just weren't iterating fast enough. There were, I think, a lot of things that people in the marketplace wanted and they had this lead with a huge amount of volume, percentage of the volume, and they kind of maybe felt that they could kind of rest on their laurels a little bit because I think something that we've seen with other platforms, especially in web two, is that once you have kind of like that lead, you have to really mess up in order to blow that lead. But I think in the NFT market, just because also the space is just so early, if somebody came along that was iterating faster, that was able to give people the features that they wanted, I think. And that's kind of what we saw with Opensea's competitors and that's what led to the degradation of market share.
Speaker A: Yeah. So about a year ago, blur pulled off a stunning upset. It toppled opensea, which was really quite remarkable. And so it seems like you're kind of hinting that that was part of the reason. So in a way, are you saying like, these layoffs are a delayed response to that?
Speaker B: I mean, I think it's a combination of that as well as the NFT market has been abysmal. Right. We're having this conversation right now on Thursday, and I think just this week is the first time we've probably seen signs of life not just in the NFT market, but probably in crypto in general over the last probably ten to 14 days. And I think they were probably trying to hold off the inevitable for as long as possible, but I don't think the market just didn't turn as fast as they would have wanted to.
Speaker A: Yeah. So we'll talk more about the market in general in a minute because you're right that it has been very visible. But I also wanted to ask you, because some people say that Opensea's lack of a token versus blur having a token was also a big driver in Opensea fall from grace. What are your thoughts on that?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, I could definitely see that argument. Right. Because Blur came out of nowhere. They did the two things that probably Opensea wasn't doing really well. Right. They were iterating very fast and they launched the token. And so I think because of that they were able to kind of gain market share. Now, I don't think that would have led to them probably taking over. I don't know the exact numbers of what market share numbers are at this moment, but I know Blur has come from non existence 1314 months ago to being probably the market leader at this point, probably has to do with probably those two things. And I think we've seen that on the timeline over the last week where the layoffs got announced and then pretty much everybody is clamoring for an Opensea token.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think if I remember correctly, blur is at about 65 ish percent. Market share in Opensea is maybe about 25. And I did want to ask also when you keep saying that other marketplaces iterated, what are some of the features that caused people to leave Opensea and go to some of the other platforms?
Speaker B: So I think what Blur did really well is they almost allow for pro trading to happen at scale, which is something was really hard in OpenSeA. I generally don't trade nfts, but one of the things when I go to sell stuff is that it's hard to sell stuff on OpenSea. Right. Like, I have to. It's a, it's a time consuming process. Right. If I have 100 nfts of a collection, I want to sell some. I have to list each one individually. You know, it just, it's a much more time consuming process. I think what blur did especially well right out of the gate was, you know, they allowed for, you know, if I had 100 nfts, I could list them pretty quickly. They also brought in liquidity on the bid side, so they incentivize people to buy on their platform. So I think that the combination of those things I think, really made it really allowed them to really steal that market share pretty quickly.
Speaker A: And then the other issue where they differed a lot was on royalties. There was kind of a long battle over how that should be handled in the NFT world. And ultimately Opensea capitulated. And they also did not make royalties a priority for creators. What are your thoughts on what happened there?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean I think that also probably, in all honesty, probably led to some of their decline in market share as well because I think that if they had maintained creator royalties, they could have stood behind that tenet of we're here for creators and probably would have maintained more market share than they do now. But I think because, because we're in an environment where I think when you're a venture backed startup and your number one KPI is probably market share, you're going to do anything to try to retain that. So it became a race to zero. I firmly believe that creator royalty should be honored, but obviously the marketplaces are from a different point of view because they have these different KPI's and different ways of what they need to show that they're investors. So I think Opensea probably would have done better if they maintained the creator royalties because I think blur, the competition from blur and other marketplaces as well, I don't think it was just blur that was a race to zero while maintaining their marketplace fees to me didn't seem right. And so maybe they're also building for whatever the NFT marketplace is in the future and not necessarily what it is now. And that's what led to those decision makings. I don't really know because I haven't spoken to those teams internally about, you know, what their thoughts are on the space three to five years out.
Speaker A: And so in your like, if you were to create your own platform from scratch, then it sounds like you would want to keep royalties. But it seemed like you were saying that doing that plus the high fees were what killed open. Or I mean obviously they're not dead, far from dead, but you know, what do you think would be a business model that would work, that would keep royalties?
Speaker B: So it's interesting because I, obviously I have 90 cc and I've admit one which I started and I spend a lot of time thinking about royalties and I operate on the assumption that royalties are not coming back or if they're coming back they're going to be very different. But I do think that you're going to see more individualized marketplaces. So that I've already created a marketplace for 90 cc. I did this over a year ago because I feel like very similar to the shopping experience when you either go on web two or you go to brick and mortar where you have these mega stores where you can go and you buy based on their curation, but then you can also go direct to the brand store and get that brand experience. I think the same type of thing is going to happen in web three. So on my 90 cc marketplace, it obviously honors creator royalties. But I'm not going to tell you you can only trade 90 cc assets on the 90 cc marketplace because it's fully sovereign and you own it. So you can trade it wherever you want. But I want to try to incentivize people almost like lead with a carrot instead of a stick, in the sense that maybe if you do pay royalties, you get perks, you get extra utilities, you get invites to special events that you don't get if you don't go to those, if you don't pay the royalties. And I think at the end of the day, royalties will always be a social contract. A social contract. There's no way. Even when they're hard coded, right? All you need to do is really just wrap the NFT in another NFT and you can bypass royalties. So I don't think that hard coding it in is necessarily the right answer, but the key is, I think, probably trying to build a framework so that people are incentivized to pay royalties. And I'll use an example where it's not apples to apples, but let's say something like a high end watch or a luxury car like a Ferrari or Lamborghini, where you can be on that list to buy the new car that comes out, or the new watch that comes out of. But if they find out that you flipped it, you're never buying a new car direct from the factory or watch ever again. Right. Because you're kind of blacklisted because you violated the social contract. And so I think we'll probably see something along those lines develop over time. That's the framework I've been trying to build is like, how do you incentivize people to want to pay it? Right? Because in a bull market, it's much easier when you're making money. It's easier to be like, all right, well, I'm going to pay the creator royalties, but in a bear market, when prices down, like, and I totally agree, it's like, why would you pay the creator royalties if you lost money on it, right? And so I think it's a really delicate question. There's a lot of different actors at stake, there's a lot of different stakeholders, and it's not an easy answer. And I think every project will have different ways to answer that question.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, I agree. It's been obviously, I mean, just given how long the debate about it has drawn out, it's been a really tricky issue. All right, so in a moment, we're going to talk about the general NFT market and what the future looks like for Opensea and blur in other marketplaces. But first, a quick word from the sponsors who make the show possible. Are you ready to dive into the future of crypto? Femex, a prominent exchange, is leading a hybrid exchange revolution with its groundbreaking Web 3.0 ecosystem of phymexia. Get ahead of the game and unleash your unique Web 3.0 identity. Head to femex.com now to seize the benefits of early joiner campaigns and secure your stake in the future. Arbitrum stands at the forefront of innovation as the premier suite of layer two scaling solutions, bringing you lightning fast transactions at a fraction of the cost, all with security rooted on Ethereum. From Defi to gaming, Arbitrum one plus Nova is home to over 500 projects, and with the recent launch of Orbitz, Arbitrum welcomes you to build your very own tailor made layer three, or an orbit chain. Propel your project and community forward by visiting Arbitrum IO today. Popcorn just made defi way easier with Vaultcraft, your no code defi toolkit for building, deploying and monetizing automated yield strategies in a few clicks. Forget spending months of R and D and capital when you can instantly launch your crypto fund with Vaultcraft on any EVM chain. From wallets and institutional service providers to non defi degens, anyone can use vault craft to supercharge their crypto portfolios with custom tailored cross chain yield strategies. Go to Vaultcraft IO and start building back to my conversation with g money. So, as we mentioned earlier this year, perhaps until just the last few weeks, the NFT market has just been so sleepy, especially compared to the highs of the 2021 bull market. So why do you think that's happened? Like, why have we seen this massive deflation in the NFT space?
Speaker B: I mean, I think it just is correlated with crypto in general. Right? I think my thesis when I first got into the NFT space was that I felt like NFTs were an option on Ethereum, so that the higher Ethereum went, the higher NFTs would go, because that was how people would show off their wealth, right? I think we talk a lot about the wealth effect in traditional markets. Wherever, when the stock market's at all time highs, luxury homes, luxury cars, watches, jewelry, all these things are at all time highs as well, because people have that wealth effect. And I think you see the same thing in nfts, right? I think it's a very crypto native way of displaying your wealth. And so when the price of crypto is down 90% from highs, people are more focused on how do I accumulate more bitcoin, more ethereum, more whatever token they want, as opposed to how do I buy more Jpegs or NFTs or whatever it is that they want to do with that money of their disposable income.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think when people get shocked at the us dollar sticker price, I always remind them, oh, well, a lot of these people got ethereum at a really low price, so for them they're not actually paying that same dollar amount. But as we mentioned, we're still a far cry from the previous cycles high. So what do you see as the catalyst to the next NFT bull market? Particular innovations you're looking at? Or is it simply the prices of the other tokens have to go up, or what do you think?
Speaker B: I think fundamentally everything's tied to macro. And I think at the end of the day, if you're long any asset, you're probably short interest rates. So if interest rates go down, obviously I think that will lift all asset prices across any sector on the planet. So I think we're all kind of waiting for that trade, and I think that's why crypto starting to run. But for nfts in general, I think the metas that I really find interesting are real world assets coming on chain. And part of that is what I've been working on with 90 cc in putting chips in physical products that will link it to the blockchain and then gamifying that experience. But then also I think that there are a lot of underserved markets that don't have access to credit, such as let's say the sneaker resellers market, where I think markets like that will be coming on chain faster than real estate. Because I think real estate has a very, very good, well planned system that has worked for close to 100 years at this point of how do you get credit against a piece of real estate? And that is a very entrenched system. But I think if you find pockets of people that are big enough, right, because the sneaker, the sneaker resell market is huge, that you can give them access to credit that they otherwise wouldn't have, I think that starts to open up use cases not only just onboarding new people to the understanding the power of an asset like crypto, but also then opening up, expanding like, well, if this works for this, then it works for other things. So to me, one of the most interesting things is obviously definitely the real world asset side of things because I just think that you need to see the melding of those two worlds at some point. And I think that that starts to happen over the next three to five years.
Speaker A: And so just to understand what that means, like essentially what you're saying is that somebody owns a physical object that has some value in it and if it already has something embedded in it that can tie it to a particular NFT on a blockchain, then they could potentially borrow against it and then use that to generate some kind of actual cash used for something else. But then I guess what I'm wondering is, like when they go to, you know, get liquidity out of it, basically sell it then because it's a physical object, I'm wondering how, how does that work?
Speaker B: So let's take a sneaker sneakers as an example, right? So there's a protocol and there's a couple protocols that are centralized custodians where you can send a pair of sneakers to them. They will issue you an NFT, but that sneaker is stored in their vault in a secure facility. And so they verify, one, the condition that it's in, and two, that it's real. Right. And so then let's say you deposit your sneakers there, they send you an NFT to your wallet. Then because you have an NFT that is represent that is backed by that sneaker in their vault, you can use that either to post it as collateral to sell it to me and then because it's very basically a bearer instrument. Right. Because I own that NFT, I can then redeem, I can then go to, could get that redemption and sent to me if I want to actually claim the physical. Right.
Speaker A: And 4K is the vault and 4K is the vault.
Speaker B: Yes. All of a sudden, because you have that NFT which is fungible obviously across these different platforms, you can post it on an NFT lending platform and get a loan against it. And we recently saw there was a loan against, I believe, I think it was 1000 supreme t shirts that were vaulted at 4K that they ended up getting a loan against it through an NFT lending platform. Right. And I think it's stuff like that that again, this is a market that probably traditionally doesn't have credit available to them. And you start opening them up, opening up these markets to credit that it doesn't have through a traditional sense. And I think you start to see, you know, you start to see the promise of banking the unbanked that we always have spoken about probably for ten plus years.
Speaker A: Well, I don't know if people buying incredibly expensive sneakers are the unbanked, but.
Speaker B: I mean, but it's a credit that they don't otherwise readily have. Right. I think that that's probably one of the key points there is. There's no mature lending market and something like sneakers, watches. Right. I'm sure handbags, I'm sure there's a market for them, but it's probably more localized. But creating a global version of that is probably where you start getting lower rates as well as higher values.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, it's super interesting. I really like what you're talking about. But I do have to say I wonder if that really will catalyze the next bull market. Because to my mind, a bull market is when there's just a ton of liquidity, whereas I imagine just even the physical process of putting these chips inside of all these physical objects, it's going to take time. And so I don't know if that will, but we'll see. I mean, certainly you're right that the first company to kind of make that all work, they're going to get a lot of uptake, I would imagine so.
Speaker B: I mean, I guess I'm probably bullish on that because that's where I've been focusing a lot of my time. I know a lot of people speaking about, you know, gaming, which I think has been something that people have been talking about for years, and it's going to be interesting. I'm not much of a gamer myself, so I can't really speak to what I've seen on the horizon, but I know a lot of people are excited about that as well.
Speaker A: Okay. Yeah, yeah, we'll probably see. I mean, multiple different areas will take off in different ways. One thing I did want to ask about the current state of the market is that it seems to me that Ethereum NFTs are kind of holding the leading position in terms of value and interest. But I'm also hearing a lot about Solana NFTs. So what are you seeing in terms of the different chains when it comes to the NFT market?
Speaker B: Yeah, so, admittedly, I spend most of my time on Ethereum. I probably have 99.9% of my assets on Ethereum, so I don't really know that much. I think probably, again, I think a function of what we were just talking about, Solana NFTs probably have a lot of chatter around them at the moment because Solana has. I mean, I think it's gone up like four or five x in the last 60 days. So I think that it's probably a function of that, of that wealth effect on that chain. But I'm always very open to other chains of where I start to hear some buzz and where I think things start to become compelling. But for the most part, up until this point, I spent the majority of my time just focused on Ethereum, because I think Ethereum has become a center of liquidity for a lot of things, and not just nfts, but also certain tranches of Defi and what have you. And so I think that's going to be hard to displace, even though there are narratives that build up around other chains.
Speaker A: All right, so circling back to Opensea, you did mention that there are other platforms that have been releasing new features in a faster way. Devon Fincer, the CEO of Opensea, released a tweet thread where he said, and this is where he announced the layoffs, he said, quote, we're reorienting the team around OpenSea 2.0, a big upgrade to our product, including the underlying technology, reliability, speed, quality and experience. So what do you think that will look like for OpenSea? Like, if you were to advise them, are there certain features that you would recommend they add or certain incentives they give to traders, or just what do you think could kind of give them a boost?
Speaker B: I mean, honestly, probably the easiest thing for them to do is drop a token. I don't know if that's, if that's what they want to hear, but that's, that's probably the easiest thing that they could do to probably boost not only sentiment around them, but then also probably bring some sort of volumes back onto their platform. But I just think they have an uphill battle to climb an uphill battle just because of the decisions that they made in the past of, you know, getting rid of creator royalties. And it was, honestly, it got to the point with not just opensea, but also blur, where they were kind of going at each other to kind of, you know, one would say something, then the other person, the other marketplace would, you know, counteract that announcement that as a creator, as somebody that, you know, is listed on these marketplaces, like, it's a full time job to say, all right, like, how do you have to develop this contract in order for it to honor royalties on this platform but not on this plan? It became a huge cluster of confusion that I think probably doesn't benefit either of them, but I think I'd probably be able to give them better feedback if I saw the products that they were working on and then just give, like, certain things, I'm like, oh, I think this would be interesting. But just off the top of my head, probably the best thing that they could do to help sentiment, and I don't know how long it would last, though, is probably just drop a token. And, you know, I think the fact that everybody has been clamoring for one, for two years, whether it's right or wrong, I don't necessarily have an opinion on it, because the only reason people want a token is so that they make money. And so it's kind of like, do you feed the squeaky wheel? Do you fix the squeaky wheel? Or do you think do things that you think are better long term for the business? Right. And I assume that if they haven't dropped the token, there's probably reasons for them not doing so. If not, they probably would have done it already. And we don't necessarily know what's going on behind the scenes to be able to make that decision.
Speaker A: Yeah. And, you know, honestly, I feel like they probably just even knowing their investors are taking a more conservative approach and because they are an american company, that's probably the reason they're kind of holding back on that front. And I did want to ask you about Blur because obviously they're the market leader now. But I also wanted to ask you about a criticism that they have faced, which is that they caused a decline in the NFT market by making it too trader, essentially. I don't know if you have an opinion on that thesis.
Speaker B: So I think blur killed creator royalties. In my opinion, it was blur that I think was the first one to send them to zero, I believe. Or if they weren't, they were the ones that kind of led to a lot of projects going to zero in terms of creator royalties. I don't know if I necessarily agree with the criticism that blurred caused price decline. I see where, where that is placed. But then also, I mean, I can also counteract that with it made that decline happen slower and it probably would happen faster because there was this fake liquidity because people were farming tokens. Right. And so in order to get the tokens, you had to place bids close to offers, I believe. I don't know the exact math of what the equation was, but they kind of, like, had artificially high bids that people were able to sell into that. If those bids weren't there, the price decline might have happened more drastic. It might have been a much more drastic price decline. So I can see, like, I can see both sides to that coin. And, you know, honestly, like, as, as a trader in capital markets before, before coming into the space, you know, that liquidity, you know, it's literally with subsidized liquidity. Right. And so, you know, when people were farming season one and season two, they were placing bids on collections that might not have otherwise had those bids there. So I don't know if necessarily blur is to blame for the price decline. The price decline very well could have been way worse if blur wasn't subsidizing people to bid. But I. But we don't, we don't know. Right. And I don't think we'll ever know that answer.
Speaker A: Yeah. And you're just saying that because of the overall price decline that we've seen, like just. Or the decline in the market generally, you're saying.
Speaker B: Yeah, I just think the market declined in general. But how much more vicious would it have been if there, if there wasn't incentive to put bids on there so close to the offers? So maybe instead of a project declining 80%, maybe it would have declined 95% or instead of declining 90%, declined 98%. Right. I don't think we will really know. But I just, I saw in certain moves, in certain actions that there were people willing to buy and bid at a certain price because they were farming the token, that I don't know if they would have been there willing to buy at that price if they weren't, you know, trying to partake in, in the, in one of the season's airdrops.
Speaker A: Right. Right. Well, so since they are the market leader now, which, by the way, I don't, I realize that the 65% number that I quoted before is from an article from June. So it's obviously probably different now. I'm not sure what it is, but I wondered, since they are the market leader at this point, what do you think they need to kind of keep on their toes about or just look out for in order to retain their dominance?
Speaker B: I mean, I think they probably will just keep iterating quickly, which is probably what led them to get to the position that they're in. I would love it if they took a different position on creator royalties, but from what I've seen, I think they ultimately have a different view of the NFT market of being more than just jpegs. I think they're trying to position themselves as maybe a center of liquidity for all things, all non fungible tokens and not just pictures. And so when I say that, I think of bond issuances, credit, like all these type of things that trade on OTC banks that they're probably going to try to go after that liquidity at some point. And if they're a market leader in having a lot of liquidity in terms of that, I could see them trying to go for that and that's that. Again, I've never spoken to the team, so I don't necessarily know what their plan is, but I kind of think, like, from what I see, that seems to me, that seems to be to me, the situation of what they're going towards.
Speaker A: All right, well, we will have to see how it all plays out. Gee money, this has been a great conversation. Thank you so much for coming on unchained.
Speaker B: Thank you. Thank you for having me.
Speaker A: Don't forget. Next up is the weekly news recap today presented by veteran crypto reporter and Columbia University night budget fellow Michael del Castillo. Stick around for this week in crypto after this short break. Join over 80 million people using crypto.com comma, one of the easiest places to buy, trade and spend over 250 cryptocurrencies. Spend your crypto anywhere using the crypto.com Visa card. Get up to 5% cash back instantly, plus 100% rebates for your Netflix and Spotify subscriptions and zero annual fees. Download the crypto.com app now and get dollar 25 with the code LOra link in the description hello, and welcome to.
Speaker C: This week's Crypto roundup. From numerous Blackrock ETF developments to rumors of a US IPO that could change the industry, this first full week of November had us on our toes. I'm Michael do Castillo, a night baget fellow at Columbia University, and this is your weekly crypto recap. In a one two punch this week, we learned that asset management giant Blackrock has filed paperwork not only to form a new entity called the iShares Ethereum Trust, but paperwork that would result in the first Ethereum ETF if it's approved. Though BlackRock declined to comment on the filing, the move suggests the company is serious about expanding its presence in the crypto space. If the ETF's are approved, they would let investors gain exposure to the two largest cryptocurrencies by market value without having to buy and store the assets directly. This week, a contentious dispute has emerged between market maker Wintermute and the Switzerland based nonprofit Nier foundation, set up in 2019 to support the Nier protocol, which has raised $500 million and created a cryptocurrency now valued at $1.4 billion. Wintermutes CEO Evgeny Gavoi has publicly accused the near foundation and development firm Aurora Labs of reneging on the $11 million redemption deal involving the USN stablecoin. Gavois series of tweets outlined what appears to be a complete breakdown of trust between firm leadership, alleging that the near foundation had initially committed to backstopping USN and had earmarked funds for this purpose. That means, despite public and private commitments, Wintermute has so far been unable to redeem USN for USDT on a one to one basis. After months of waiting, Gavo allegese, the near foundation's offer to redeem was reduced to a mere 20% of the original sum. Gavo's public airing of grievances was apparently intended to gain public support, Gavois said, quote, by not making it public, we would effectively contribute to bad practices being tolerated and repeated, end quote the near cryptocurrency fell off a cliff on Thursday, dropping over 10% in less than 1 hour, reaching a recent low of $1.37. Boston based circle, the powerhouse behind the $24 billion USDC stablecoin, is reportedly in discussions to go public next year. While the company has kept a close lid on its latest valuation, it's worth noting that in February 2022 it was valued at $9 billion during a previous failed SPAC deal. In September, Circle CEO Jeremy Allaire told Laura on an unchained episode, we're definitely on the path to be an independent public company, and we've had the benefit of having a number of strategic investors in the company over the years, end quote. Circles aspirations to list publicly have been part of a long term strategy, as a spokesperson told Bloomberg, though, they refrained from commenting on current speculation. Despite the setback of a failed SPAC, Circle's growth has been punctuated by substantial investments from financial giants like BlackRock and Fidelity. In spite of circles promising developments, the USDC market value is down 55% from its all time high of $55 billion in June 2022. Over that same period, stablecoin competitor tether has increased by 30%. The new leadership at FTX, the cryptocurrency exchange that filed for bankruptcy last year, is seeking to sell approximately $744 million in assets held on grayscale and bitwise trusts. This move is part of the exchanges efforts to repay creditors efficiently and mitigate potential price fluctuations. The assets include $691 million in Grayscale Trusts holding $597 million in BTC and $90 million in ETH and $53 million in bitwise. Ten crypto index fund, FTX's November 3. Filing with the us bankruptcy court indicates that the sale would enable the preparation for forthcoming dollarized distributions to creditors and allow the debtors to act swiftly to sell the assets at a high price, according to the documents. FTX's legal team also hopes to propose sale will reduce the costs and delays associated with separate motions for each sale. This step is another significant move by FTX's bankruptcy managers to address customer and investor losses following the firm's collapse. The news comes in the wake of FTX founder Sam Bankman Fried's conviction last week on charges relating to defrauding customers and misusing client funds. Meanwhile, venture capital firm Proof Group, part of the Fahrenheit consortium that acquired cryptocurrency exchange Celsius, is now a contender to help revive FTX. Also in the hunt, former New York Stock Exchange president Tom Farley's crypto exchange bullis is among the bidders in the bankruptcy auction. According to a Wall Street Journal report, cryptocurrency exchange Kraken is hiring, and the position has people talking. The posting for a senior cryptography engineer hints that the company might be developing cryptographic protocols and layer two solutions that make it easier to scale applications built on slower blockchains. Though the reports are unconfirmed, such a move would not be unprecedented. Coinbase launched its own Ethereum layer two in August. News site Coindesk cited the proverbial people familiar with the matter in a report claiming Kraken was in discussions with potential partners, including Polygon matter Labs and the Nil foundation. Despite the buzz, a Kraken spokesperson maintained a veil of secrecy, telling Telegraph and coindesk, we're always looking to identify and solve new industry challenges and opportunities. We don't have anything further at this time, end quote. We've all heard that before. The crypto community has had mixed reactions, with some questioning the need for another layer two network in an already fragmented landscape. The layer two market is currently dominated by optimistic roll ups, according to data site l two beat. But Kraken's foray into the space could signal a shift towards zero knowledge proof solutions, which offer distinct advantages such as increased privacy and immediate transaction validity. The US securities and Exchange Commission is pushing for a summary judgment in its case against terraform labs and its co do Kwan in February. The SEC sued the exchange, alleging securities law violations on Friday. That's last Friday, November 3. The regulator said there was no need for a full trial, citing quote of clear, undisputed and overwhelming evidence of fraud and misrepresentation in the marketing of terra and its tokens. Kwon and his lawyers asked the case be thrown out, saying they didnt violate us securities laws. The SEC contends that Quan misled investors about the stability and usage of the TerraurUSD stablecoin, which collapsed in a high profile event that saw the stablecoin lose its peg to the us dollar, then disintegrate to almost nothing, triggering a broader market downturn. The SEC also challenges the unregistered public sale of Luna and Mir tokens, arguing that they were marketed as investments that would appreciate, based on the company's efforts, a criteria in the Howie test for securities law. Also this week, jump crypto president Kanav Korea pleaded the fifth when asked about a deal with Do Kwon to help restore the UST stablecoin peg, fueling even more speculation about the case. Decentralized finance protocol AVA temporarily suspended several markets due to a reported issue with a feature across its platform over the weekend. The so called Ava Guardian, a community elected body, has paused AvA two on Ethereum and frozen specific assets on Ava three cross change, including avalanche, polygon, arbitrum and optimism on social media. Aavas team sought to assure users that no funds were at risk and that a governance proposal to resume normal operations would be forthcoming. The proactive measures allow users to manage and withdraw existing positions, but restrict new deposits and borrowing, Ava's founder Stani Kulichov wrote on social media. Within hours, measures were taken to mitigate the risk, resolve a patch, and review and deploy the first proposal. Incident management at its best end quote only time will tell of how that works out. At the time of this recording, the details of vulnerability had not been disclosed, supposedly to prevent potential exploitation. According to the posts, especially considering the existence of multiple Aava forks, each fork marks a potentially separate target using the vulnerability. Despite the operational pause, Aavas native token Aava remains stable at the market. A detailed post mortem is expected once the issue is fully resolved. This week, the cryptocurrency market witnessed a significant surge in the Ordi token linked to the bitcoin ordinals protocol, with a 77% increase in value following its listing on the binance exchange on Tuesday. Trading at around $12. Ordies rise underscores the growing interest in tokens that utilize the bitcoin network beyond its traditional use. The ordinals protocol, introduced in January, allows for the inscription of data such as text, images and even audio or video onto bitcoins. Smallish denomination called the satoshi, effectively bringing NFT like fungibility to bitcoin. Binance has categorized Ordi under its so called seed tag, indicating the status as a supposedly innovative but highly risk asset due to its novelty and potential for volatility. Binance's team has cautioned investors about the risks, advising thorough research and risk management for those considering trading the tokenization. In related news, Kucoin and gate exchanges announced plans to list the meme coin sats built using the BRC 20 standard for assets that rely on the bitcoin blockchain. Moody's analytics has reported that large cap stablecoins, each with a market cap of over $10 billion, experienced a whopping 609 de pegging events this year. However, that is in fact a slight decrease from 2020 two's even bigger total of 707. These deepegs, defined as a fluctuation of more than 3% against their Fiat peg in a single day, highlight the underlying volatility in the sector. Notable incidents include USDC's dropped to $0.88 during the Silicon Valley bank collapse and a 50% plunge of the real USD stablecoin. Moody's new digital asset monitor aims to predict DPEG risks tracking major stablecoins like Tether and USDC. And that's all. Thanks so much for joining us today with daily podcasts, videos and written updates. Unchained is your go to source for all developments that could redefine the crypto landscape. Visit unchained crypto.com and never miss an update. Unchained is produced by Laura Shin with help from Kevin Fuchs, Matt Pilchard, Juan Aronovich, Megan Gavis Shawshank and Margaret Courier. This weekly recap was written by Juan Aronovich and edited by myself Michael del Castillo. Thanks so much for listening. Looking forward to chatting with you next week.
Speaker A: Unchained is now a part of the Coindesk podcast Network. For the latest in digital assets, check out markets daily seven days a week with new host Noel Acheson. Follow the Coindesk podcast Network for some of the best shows in crypto.
