Speaker A: Bitcoin. ETF's will always be around, just like gold ETF's are. But it's you only get this sort of like shining, like welcome to ETF's moment once where you break through. You know, it's like an artist who has a first album that's a smash hit. You can definitely live on after that, but you only have that moment once, and we're in that moment. People should appreciate it.
Speaker B: Hi everyone, welcome to Unchained, your no hype resource for all things crypto. I'm your host, Laura Shinna of the Cryptopians. I started covering crypto eight years ago and as a senior editor at Forbes, was the first mainstream media reporter to cover cryptocurrency full time. This is the March 8, 2024 episode of Unchained. Uniswap makes it easier and safer than ever to access defi seamlessly across desktop and mobile. No more clunky experiences, just clean, simple and smart. Visit smarter dot uniswap.org to learn more. With itrust capital, you can buy and sell crypto in a tax advantage retirement account, enjoy significant tax advantages 24/7 access and the industry's lowest fees. Polkadot is the original and leading layer zero blockchain with over 2000 plus developers and the Polkadot 2.0 upgrade will be a massive accelerator for the ecosystem. Join the community@polkadot.net work ecosystem community hey unchained listeners. As you know, its hard keeping up with a fast paced world of crypto, so weve got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. youll get the latest crypto news in original articles from our reporters, as well as summaries of other happenings and bullet points. Plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. Its still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot. Again, the URL is unchained crypto dot substack.com dot.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here for mint mobile with the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless how about to get 30? 30 baby get 30 baby get 20? 2020 baby get 2020. I better get 15. 1515 just $15 a month so give it a try at Mint mobile.com switch $45 up front for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows.
Speaker B: Full terms at mint mobile.com dot. Today's guest is Eric Baltunis, senior ETF analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. Welcome, Eric.
Speaker A: Great to be here. How are you?
Speaker B: Good. It's an exciting week for bitcoin. Monday will mark two months since the start of trading for the spot bitcoin ETF's. And at the time of that launch, bitcoin was trading at about 47,000 and it's now around 67,000. What do you think of the spot bitcoin ETF performance during that time, and how did it compare to your expectations?
Speaker A: I thought it would take longer to have this sort of second wind. The second wind came faster and was more intense than I thought. I think we all expected some hype early, like the first couple of days. It was like a pressure valve that was built up for eleven years and it finally released. Of course there was going to be hoopla and some flows and some volume, and there was, and then it dipped down and I thought, okay, we're going to get to this new normal of like maybe 50 to 75 million a day in flows, you know, and maybe an outflow here and there, a little more normal. And GBTC's flows outflows had actually stabilized. So I thought, okay, we're going to enter this sort of more mild area and then potentially down the road, as advisors get more interested, there could be a run up. Well, that happened in two weeks after I thought that there was this clear second wave that came in. Not totally clear what caused it. I think it looked like ibit in particular really was able to get volume and I don't know if Blackrock's wholesalers were out doing their thing. It looks like they got a lot of asset managers to buy in. Retail has been very present in the ETF's and so you saw a big run up in flows and volume, especially volume, in the past two weeks, and that's obviously caused an upward spiral. The flows come in, they have a nice impact on price, and they have a sentimental impact. I call it the ETF effect. If you know these flows are coming and you're not an ETF investor, you're probably going to go, well, this is probably bullish, I'll buy. So it's not just the ETF's lifting the price, there's an effect around it that's positive. And so I think that's what we're seeing. And so I've been in ETF's for about 20 years, and I call this the big come up. There's just certain times where something has its moment where it just rises quickly. Sometimes it's almost like a mania. Ark was probably the last one where the flows come fast and furious, the volume hits, and basically you get some fomo. And that actually helps the price of the underlying go up, too. And I think we're in that moment. I think it only happens once. After there's a long decline or a bear market, it's tough to have that feeling again. Bitcoin ETF's will always be around, just like gold ETF's are. But you only get this sort of shining. Welcome to ETF's moment once where you break through. It's like an artist who has a first album that's a smash hit. You can definitely live on after that, but you only have that moment once and were in that moment. People should appreciate it. As an analyst, I love watching it. I think its fascinating. I was glued to Arcmania when that happened. The Jets ETF was a little like that as well. These ETF's dont make up a ton of the market share of the ETF pie, but theyre so fascinating because theyre punching way above their weight. Vanguard goes along. I wrote a book about Vanguard because I, they are just so big, but what else can you say? They take in a ton of money every day. They plot along, its like the blob and they take in the core of the portfolio. So these big companies, we know what they do. Its like old news. But when somebody comes from the outside and is able to go wild from this far off area and sort of command the attention and a lot more flows than there do, its hard to take your eyes off of it. So I thought that I would be on to other things by now because I thought is going to settle down and bitcoin would be 10% of my life. But the second wind has me almost as engaged as during the approval because again, just as the way I was engaged in other times, something broke through from the outside like this has.
Speaker B: And so when you kind of compare that to other moments when, you know, you said that there have been a few other ETF's that had similar manias, but when you look at the bitcoin one, like, is there anything that you would say is sort of particular to it or different about it?
Speaker A: Well, the big difference is its all happening in funds that arent even two months old. Thats crazy. Thats unprecedented. Ark was around for four years and it invested in these sort of high growth, sort of future y kind of companies. And that just happened to be in vogue, especially around the COVID lockdown. Those companies were like because everything was digital for a while. We thought Zoom was going to, these companies took over and Ark went. Ark's moment happened four years. And other funds happen on a smaller scales, usually years and years after they launched. That's why one of my phrases to issuers is hang in there because you never know when the stars are going to align on your area. What makes this unique is that it happened right off the bat. The only possible precedent is gold. But gold ETF's took them three years basically to get where we are now with the bitcoin ETF's in seven weeks, something like, it's something like that. It's ballpark three to seven weeks. And that is wild. And even if you take out GBTC's outflows, that number is accurate. By the way, if you add in GBTC, you get to 53 billion in assets. I think gold probably took five, six years to get there. In fact, the bitcoin ETF's are already I think like 55% as much as gold. Right. So they're on a pace to pass gold like by July. This is crazy. I thought it would take three, four, five years. So everything. It's interesting, the fee war that happened in the two days before they launched, I always said that was like two years of fee war in two days. I feel like this has been like a year or two of flows and volume smashed into like two months. And it's interesting because I do find that time is different in crypto. And I almost feel like ETF's are getting sucked into the crypto time thing like that planet on Interstellar where like 1 minute is like two years on Earth or whatever. I honestly feel like what is happening here is almost more consistent with the way crypto moves than the way a typical ETF moves. So I think its interesting and thats another reason its fascinating is because these are two worlds colliding, its tradfi and crypto and theyre each having an effect on each other. And I think one of the effects is everythings moving faster. And I think that one of the things that you see is the big platforms, we're going to take like six months to add them. But the fact that there's even rumors that they're going to add the ETF's on within two months, that's a good sign because it tells you that the gatekeepers are getting incoming phone calls from their advisors and they don't want to look like idiots. You can't have an advisor in Kentucky who has a client saying, hey, can I buy ibit? No. It's almost like. And they're like, why? Well, daddy at the home office says I can't use it. It's just, you look totally emasculated. It's just not good client service. So the fact that they are going to maybe add them sooner is a good sign. So it looks like the demand was pretty grassroots, and we know that from the number of trades. The only thing that I'm a little surprised at is I think there's more retail action than I thought. I thought it would take longer because the advisors are less of them, but they come in bigger. But we've seen a ton of retail interest here. But I don't think this is GameStop ape retail. This is probably a more sober, normal retail. The kind of people who probably would buy an arc or a thematic ETF, they're probably not first time ETF users. So to me, this is a different kind of retail than the crypto people may assume retailers, they may just assume it's like the GameStop people. I don't think that's this is that crowd. I think this is a more heads up retail. And I think these are people who might have been interested in bitcoin, but just didn't want to give the hassle of getting it in all these other ways they could. And the ETF is such a known, trusted, easy thing for them. Just click buy, you got the trade on, and you don't have to worry about it. So I think that the value proposition has really carried the day for a lot of the flows.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. And by the way, earlier when you were talking about how the time here is more like crypto time, I just felt like, welcome to my world.
Speaker A: Do you ever take breaks and go into, like, regular earth world and, like, not do anything crypto? Do you notice a difference?
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. I mean, you know, sometimes I'll just be, like, hanging out with friends or whatever for like a good several hours and. Yeah, you're right. Like, things feel different when you're not just in cryptomania. I kind of really thrive on the pace, and I love it. I did want to ask some more detailed, I guess, questions about this particular week because obviously bitcoin fleetingly hit its previous all time high around sixty nine k. And you, I mean, you had a number of tweets one of them was, you said that on that day, which was Tuesday, you said, wow. Ibit took in a record smashing 788 million leading team effort for the newborn nine, as you've been calling them, with nearly $1 billion in gross flows, despite the reverse God candle, which is how the price kind of corrupted after.
Speaker A: Is that the right phrase for that, or is there another way to put that?
Speaker B: Oh, God. I don't know. Cause I'm not a trader, so you probably know better than I do.
Speaker A: Everybody keeps on with the God candle. This was like the God candle, but it was red.
Speaker B: I think. I mean, I understood what it meant anyway.
Speaker A: Well, regardless, sorry, I didn't mean to sidetrack it.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, I mean, there was that. And then you kind of also noted just records in both beto, the bitcoin futures biddy, I guess the bitcoin short or the short bitcoin ETF and then Bitex, the leveraged bitcoin ETF. So I'm just curious for kind of what you're seeing when you're looking at the volumes and the trading and especially around that period where, you know, near the recent or the last all time high.
Speaker A: Yeah. So it's interesting, the spillover effect to the futures ETF's. I thought that those would start to go down in interest because you can get the real deal with spot. Why bother? I think whats going on here is that theres just when you have something thats going up, like what was it up 30% in two weeks? It was up like 6% a day. This stuff attracts all kinds of traders. This is just a fascinating, its like bait. So youre going to get a lot of traders and a lot of ARb going on between the futures, the bitcoin futures, the spot. I think some of the volume in the futures ETF's is people arming between everything or using it to hedge. It's not necessarily like somebody woke up and said, I want to go long bitcoin, I'm going to buy beto. So I think a lot of the volume in the spot bitcoin ETF's is just trading between them and maybe even trading between exchanges. And basically, if anything is out of whack, someone's going to arb that. Now there's a lot of ARB volume, but that's okay. That keeps all the prices in line. So no matter where you are, futures ETF's in exchange, youre probably going to get a good price for what bitcoin is trading at because someone would have armed any gaps. So this is the power of ARB and the ETF market makers. And I think thats a good portion of the volume. So when you have something thats in play like this, because 30% in two weeks, I think the QS is flat and the S and P is flat. So stocks have been, theyve been great, but not like this. Right. So when you have something, youre going to attract all kinds of people getting into it. So the volume numbers, I think, show that. I don't think they'll sustain this kind of volume. I think over time maybe one of them will. Like ibit could end up trading like a billion and a half a day forever. Fidelity probably comes down a little. Everybody else comes down a little when things settle down. But notice on the day that it went from 69 and then down to like 59 or whatever, in one day, the volume went, was highest ever. When things are volatile, whether it's up or down, especially down, ETF volume goes up. So volatility actually creates more volume because traders get in there. People just really, like I said, this is something really attractive to the trading crowd. Now, the fact that it went up to think is interesting. It went down quickly. As somebody who just watches prices, it's weird how that happened personally because ETF's bought a billion that day. And I guess somebody said some guy from like 13 years ago, like just decided to dump all his bitcoin savings on one day, which I get like, if you hold a bunch of bitcoin and you bought a long time ago, I get the idea of like you probably, maybe you're married or something and your wife's like, dude, you're sitting on like $7 million. Just, we have to buy a house. Like at some point I could see people cashing out at these highs. So I could see this stunted two steps forward, one step back, even if the ETF's are just consistent buyers. So that was an interesting thing for me to see. And the idea that it was this one person, this whale from way back when, its just an interesting phenomenon, but it probably didnt need to take a breather. I mean, it was going up too quickly. Even in stocks, you see this usually goes down for a quick day and then it regains its momentum. But the ETF seemed to be consistent buyers for the time being. Zachary.
Speaker B: All right, and just two quick yes, no questions before we go to the ad break. Amongst these newborn nine, as you call them, do you think it's safe to say that Blackrock will be the winner?
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, Blackrock. Blackrock will be the one it's going to trade the most for sure. But the rest of them, like five of them are already in the, what I would call upper middle class. And then even, like I just saw Valkyrie took in 40 million yesterday. That is a lot like. So. No, but everybody's a winner here. But the one, the GLD of bitcoin is going to be ibit.
Speaker B: And the second, yes, no question is, do you foresee any of those smaller issuers or the issuers with smaller aums bowing out?
Speaker A: No, because even I don't have the numbers in front of me. I think wisdom trees probably around 30, 40 million. I mean, you only need about 50 million here to be profitable. And wisdom tree is committed to this space. They got a bunch of ETF's in Europe and then you start going up, everybody's got over 100 million, so they're already in profit zone. Even if they had 10 million, it's only been two months. Normally ETF's a year. So even if you extrapolate wisdom tree, they're going to be well over 100 million in a year. So I don't see any of these nine closing. What I do see happening is a bunch of spaghetti getting thrown at the wall. Like 18 different forms of leveraged bitcoin, ETF's, and maybe three are successful. Three are middle class and like six get closed. So I do think there'll be spaghetti thrown at the wall. Outside of the nine, some of those will come and go. The nine are here to stay. None of them are going to close.
Speaker B: All right, so in a moment we're going to talk about other types of spaghetti being thrown at the wall. But first, a quick word from the sponsors who make this show possible. Polkadot is the original and largest layer zero blockchain. With over 2000 plus developers, the anticipated Polkadot 2.0 upgrade will be a massive accelerator for the ecosystem. Upgrading the infrastructure with eight times higher transaction throughput and twice as fast block times, tailored core time for the needs of every protocol. Trustless bridges to multiple chains, and revised tokenomics with a token burn to reduce inflation. Perfect for gamefi and defi to build, grow and scale. Get your web three ideas to market fast. Think big. Build bigger with Polkadot. Join the community@polkadot.net work Ecosystem Community the Uniswap protocol is the largest decentralized exchange with billions of dollars in weekly volume across thousands of tokens within the Ethereum ecosystem. But Uniswap is more than just a protocol. Uniswap Labs builds tools to help users swap smarter with easier, safer self custody products that provide users access to defi. Tap into Uniswap's market leading liquidity from their world famous web app, mobile wallet, and coming soon, the Uniswap browser extension. No more clunky experiences, just clean, simple and smart. Visit smarter dot uniswap.org to get started. Back to my conversation with Eric. So speaking of spaghetti being thrown at the wall, when do you think options might be approved?
Speaker A: Yeah, so I'm fishing around for information on that, but I don't have any good sort of sourced material for you right now. What I do know is that when we look at the options that September is the final deadline. Now they typically wouldn't wait till the final deadline and something like this, but because it's bitcoin, you never know. You also need OCC and CFTC approval, but they did approve gold ETF options, but they didn't approve platinum and palladium. But I don't know if I would even get worried about it. My gut and all the information I have says they'll be approved sometime between now and September. You would hope sooner, but September would be the final deadline.
Speaker B: And what about in kind redemptions? Do you think those will ever be allowed?
Speaker A: Not anytime soon, I think. I just think for the time being, first of all, the cash is doing fine. It hasn't really done. It hasn't been that big of a deal. You notice the premiums are really low. Would they be a little tighter within kind? Probably a couple basis points, but they're good. So it's not like in kind, it's not like there's this massive need for it. But I do think down the road they'll do it. I don't think it would be something that happens within a year, though. I think we have an election coming up. We see who, what happens if Genzel remains SEC chairman? Let's assume that we go. It could be two years before that happens. But if a new SEC chairman comes in and they could be one way or the other on the pendulum, and that could change everything. So for now, though, I wouldn't look for in kind for over a year or two.
Speaker B: And then obviously we've been seeing these steady outflows from GBTC. So do you think those outflows will ever reverse? And then assuming not, do you think that that would ever cause GBTC to cut their fees in order to stem that tide?
Speaker A: Yeah, it's interesting. If you are a shopper, it's hard to. I mean, and I like the folks at Grayscale. They're all very nice and they're why we're here. Let's salute them, for they took it to the sec and won. But if you have a choices of these products, let's say you were shopping for, I don't know, a new toaster, and one of them was $150, and the rest were 20, and they all kind of did the same thing. I mean, it's just no normal shopper would pick the 150. And at this point, the other ones are liquid enough. Like one of the case you can make was GBTC was more liquid. Well, the other ones are getting plenty of liquid, so you're losing a lot of any advantages. So I don't see a lot of new flows coming in. But what is going on is what I call the bull market subsidy. And this is kind of ingenious by grayscale to foresee this, and I didn't really even think about it, but it's something we see in active mutual funds. If you have $25 billion, which they had, and you see $10 billion in outflows youd think, okay, well, it would have 15 billion in assets, but if the bitcoin price goes up 40%, you actually have the same amount of assets or more. And so if it goes up 100%. So if grayscale, Im sure theyre all bullish on bitcoin. They can afford to lose a ton of customers and assets, and they could still be making a mint through just the fact that bitcoin went up that much. Its a little mirage y. The assets are more about just the price of bitcoin at that point than having actual customers youd rather have the customers, but, hey, its still the same revenue, its the same dollar revenue. So in a way, Grayscale is probably going to be fine and benefit just from being starting the race with a big base. And so active mutual funds, when Vanguard came around, they all had hundreds of billions, tens of billions. So when Vanguard started to, like, take the customers away, the stock market went up two, three fold. So active mutual funds, like stock picking mutual funds, had 3,000,000,000,010 years ago. They've seen two and a half trillion of outflows, yet they have five, 6 trillion today. And that isn't, it's probably the only business where you can lose customers and make more money. Key to that, though, is to come in with a big base, and grayscale had a big base. So I, now that I, you know, I wouldn't worry about them. But I don't see anybody who's fresh shopping for a bitcoin ETF would pick GBTC.
Speaker B: Yeah, of course. So now let's talk about ether ETF's. You tweeted, quote, to be honest, and no offense to the ETH people, but this is such small potatoes versus spot bitcoin ETF's. It's like the opening act coming on after the headliner using Gen X bands. I'm Gen X too. It's like Sister Hazel trying to follow nirvana. So by the way, the east people definitely took offense to this. I can tell from following Twitter. So can you elaborate on what you meant by that?
Speaker A: Yeah, it's no offense to eth. I think it's a great concept. And obviously it's almost like Robin to bitcoin's Batman. They seem to be like the two main ones, right? And then you go have this big leg down to the other ones. But the issue is, for normal people, this is me just talking as an ETF person. Nothing. I'm not judging bitcoin versus ether. I don't really actually know enough to really not distinguish, but I can't make those judgments. And I wouldn't. But I can tell you about the marketplace. And what I've seen is the ETH futures ETF's have, like, I don't know, 40 million, 50 million. And the bitcoin futures ETF's have, I don't know, 50 fold that or 40 fold that. So it's more about. And when you think anecdotally and you think about an advisor or a regular retail person, bitcoin gets 90% of the press attention. Bitcoin was like the first. It just. It's just bigger badder. It's like more in your face and it's been more of the digital gold brand. Right? And people who are investing in this probably just need one thing. Like they're just looking for a little speculative hot sauce. They aren't going all in for the mission of ether or the mission of bitcoin. So they're satisfied with their bitcoin. So I just see ether getting less than 10% market share of the crypto ETF marketplace. That doesn't mean I'm judging it. It's just my call on how big I see it getting. Silver is very similar. Palladium and platinum. So we've seen this in gold. So I'm just going on historical precedent and patterns of. And im telling you, when I do this, it tends to work. ETF patterns really pay off when you extrapolate them. Lets just use common sense in logic. And somebody brought this up. I think an advisor could explain bitcoin a little easier and better than explaining ether to a client. Thats another biggie. All these things to me speak to a very narrow area. And again, it's not my judging of that cryptocurrency, it's more luck. I make calls. So this is how we see it based on what we've seen in the marketplace. But yeah, they got kind of upset, but it wasn't anything personal and I could be proven wrong. But what we will see is we'll see bitcoin plus ether ETF's. So we call it the crypto fund. But in that fund, EtH probably gets a small weighting because they're probably going to cap weight it. ETH could get a little bit of money from that. But if you put the money in that, most of it will go to bitcoin. So that would continue to make bitcoin the dominant vehicle and the dominant crypto asset among crypto ETF's. I just don't see that changing.
Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, I mean that makes sense to me.
Speaker A: I'm just curious, do you see any flaws in that? Is there something I'm missing there?
Speaker B: The way I would explain it is just a little bit different. The market cap of bitcoin right now is 1.3 billion and for ether it's 463. So I guess then if you add them together, it would be like 1.78 ish. So then what is that, like 25, 30%? I guess if we were to do a market cap allocation. Yeah, I would just explain it more like that. The value proposition for ether is a little bit harder for everyday people to understand and also for financial advisors to understand because something like ether hasn't really existed before. Whereas something like gold, or, sorry, bitcoin people analogize to gold, which is something people can easily grasp just in a word or a phrase, digital gold. Whereas ether, that's something that's really quite new and different. And to really understand, yeah. The potential in there, or like why it's valuable would take somebody a lot longer than just hearing a two word phrase. So. But I did want to ask you about the potential for them to be approved because I am seeing conflicting things about this. For instance, Jake Chervinsky, a variant fund, tweeted doubtfully, saying, quote, the SEC got a ton of political blowback for approving BTC ETF's. If the SEC asks blackrock and other ETH ETF sponsors to withdraw, which is a common practice. I bet they will. On the other hand, CFTC chair Roston Benham pointed out this week in testimony in front of the House Agricultural committee that ether futures ETF's have been trading based on a classification of ether as a commodity. But then he pointed out this potential inconsistency around Prometheum, which might custody ether as a security, and how that would sort of upend this other decision that's been around for a few years. So what are your thoughts? Do you think ether ETF's are likely to be approved or not?
Speaker A: Yeah, so I was a little more optimistic a month ago. The reason James and I just talked about it this morning, actually, before I came on, because I wanted to get on the same page as him because.
Speaker B: He'S a little bit James Seifert, who's.
Speaker A: Also been on the show, my partner in crime. In this, we're more like 50 50%. We were a little higher. We might even go a little lower. Because what you do have is the fact that ETH futures exists. So if you have an analogy, bitcoin futures existed and they didn't approve spot, so they got sued. So spot exists, ETH futures exists. You can just say, well, the SEC should just like approve them and not even waste the time of getting sued. Easy. And the fact that ETH futures exist kind of kills the whole security argument, because you already approved futures. That's where we were 75%. But the reason we're ratcheting that down a little, people like Jake are very smart. So we do take stuff like that into account. But we have not heard a peep from the SEC to issuers. There's been no engagement whatsoever. And we're well past when they engaged on bitcoin. Now, there's obviously a template set up now because all the work they did on the bitcoin prospectuses, but you'd think they would reach out at some point, because ETH does have its some specifics that you have to work on. So until we see engagement, we're going to remain pretty mild on our odds. And the other thing is the lawsuit. There is no lawsuit. Now you can say, well, they could deny them and then get sued. Okay, but does Grayscale, after getting all the bitcoin ETF's out and seeing that all they did was help? Well, I mean, they benefited for sure, but Blackrock, they're going to start at the same time. And so they're going to spend all this money to sue the SEC just to start on the same time and see Blackrock probably clean up, I think they might not be as motivated to spend that money now. And would anybody else sue the SEC? Probably not. It's weird to sue the SEC. And like I said, how much money is actually available for ether? ETF's not that much in my opinion. Just look at the futures and they would give you some guide to the interest in that market. So for all these reasons, those variables are not here now, but we are still maybe around 50 because of the fact that ETh futures exists. And you'd think the SEC just want to get this off their plate and then they can just officially move on with other things. Because if they deny this, this will sort of become a thing. It'll have them tangling with the industry again. I personally would just approve it and move on with my life. But there's also this idea that you said political. They got a lot of blowback for approving the spot. And if they approve Eth spot, or if they deny a spot, it could be almost like throwing a bone to some of the people who were pissed off just to say, like, we're not, you know, just to prove that we are not into this stuff. The other thing that somebody brought up, which is Scott Johnson, who was somebody who worked with us heavily on the bitcoin spot approval process, he's an ex lawyer, is the correlation between ether and ether futures is not as great as bitcoin and bitcoin futures. And that is possibly what they're going to use in a rejection that is a little thing they could drive through, because what else could they possibly use? But that does give them a little daylight, something to use in a rejection that is different than the spot. And so do you have a number on that?
Speaker B: Like what? You know, if it's not 99%, what is it?
Speaker A: I'll get it to you. I don't know. It's just, it's a little lower. I don't think it's crazy low, but it's, it's lower than that. And I think, I don't even want to guess because I don't want someone to, like, come back.
Speaker B: I mean, like, almost everything is lower than 99, so.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, but, but my point, my react, my point to him was, was it's high enough. Let's just face it. They're correlated. But he's like, yeah, but it could be used. Like, in other words, it's a difference. Like, in other words, if the SEC is searching for a reason to reject and they can't use security because the futures were approved. This could give them that opportunity. So when you post this, I'll reply with the numbers just so I can not say anything wrong here.
Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, I would be curious. Just when they were soliciting comments on the potential for the ether ETF's, one of the kind of prompts they gave was they said, are there particular features related to ether and its ecosystem, including its proof of state consensus mechanism and concentration of control or influence by a few individuals or entities that raise unique concerns about ether's susceptibility to fraud and manipulation?
Speaker A: So that's a little dangerous.
Speaker B: I feel like that, yeah. Hints as to maybe their thinking.
Speaker A: Yeah. But the problem with that is when they lean on fraud or manipulation, then they are totally vulnerable to the lawsuit again because they approved ETH futures. But then it comes down to well, but ETH futures aren't correlated so that's where that could tie into what you're saying. You see what I'm saying? So fraud and manipulation is only going to work for them again if they can prove that it's not as correlated in my opinion. But I could be wrong. Like I said, I haven't dove as hardcore into this legally as I have into the spot because again, James and I are not lawyers, but we definitely talk to them and engage with them. But I havent gone as far deep into it. I also just again am just not as interested. The spot, bitcoin ETF's in the marketplace to me are such a massive story. And whos using them? The Arizona pension deciding to add them in. The guy from Stanford, Stanford getting the student endowment to put 7% in all of these little things and the flows and the to me this is plenty. At the end of the day, this is where almost the bulk of the money is going to go. That's where you get this sister Hazel, you're asking me to stay after you're asking me. It's like I've Nirvana and Sister Hazel playing at the same time. I'm sorry, I'm just going to watch Nirvana for a while. Like I'm just not, I'm not going to. I just mentally can't get into. I know that insults some people, but I'm not not interested in it. But there's also people filing ETF's for like weight loss themes or ultra short bond ETF's. I haven't also given those a ton of attention either. In other words, I haven't. Ether just falls into other stuff that just isn't as interesting as what's going on with the bitcoin ETF's in real time right now because they're doing is shattering every single precedent we've seen.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, I understand the ETH people in the sense that if you understand the technology, then ether definitely does represent kind of a leapfrog in terms of like people have always said, bitcoin's scripting language is very limited in terms of what you can do with it. We are now seeing a flourishing of innovation on bitcoin, which is basically people figuring out ways to get around that to make it more like ethereum. But for years now, a lot of the innovation in crypto has happened first on Ethereum. It's just that, as I said earlier, I think it's much harder for the layperson to understand if you buy bitcoin.
Speaker A: I think a lot of people don't think you get anything extra with ether in terms of price. I think most people find them to be correlated sort of like if I bought spy, do I really need to buy, I don't know, another large cap index, like, you know, another like the Russell. I already own the s and P. I don't need to also buy the Russell because I sort of got have the same thing. So I think most people find that if they buy bitcoin, theyre sort of getting ether by in a way in that the price action typically moves somewhat in tandem. Am I wrong?
Speaker B: Yeah. No, youre right. If you are in a zoomed out everyday person who is accessing this wealth advisor. Yes, from that perspective that is true. Were overtime. But I just have to ask you, do you think if either ETF's get approved that any of them will offer yield from staking or even if it's not upon launch, but in the years after launch?
Speaker A: So I don't know. Because from what I know, staking reminds me of securities lending. And you can't do that in a 33 act, which means the holdings need to be with the custodian, 100% of them. So I just think that's going to carry the day. It would be a break from that if they did. That would be interesting. But I just think as a 33 act, I'm just going to go on gold and bitcoin not being able to lend out any shares. That just feels similar to me. So I think they probably will not allow it. But I could be wrong. Again, I would give that. I'm mildly expert on that.
Speaker B: Okay, well, last two quick questions. Just curious. This is sort of a short term projection for bitcoin. Now that we have these portfolio managers that could influence the bitcoin price do you think that we will see some kind of quarterly rebalancing effect where for any quarter where bitcoin makes gains that suddenly theres a little dump at the beginning of every quarter.
Speaker A: It could be some pm's actually dont rebalance they like to ride those winners like a Cathie Wood she always rebalances. So she would sell Arkb, she wants to keep ark B at 10% lets say so if it has a run up and says 14% you got to sell some. So someone like her would sell retail. I think they gotta let that run. I think that you know people get greedy. Greed I think is gonna counteract that. I think you'll some rebalancing but some people can be like no way am I selling this. You know you know I'm, you know so I wouldn't look for too much of that. What I would look for is what I said earlier which is these old heads who have like sitting on a bunch of bitcoin and who might be getting more obligations in life. Like they have a mortgage, they have this, they kind of need to maybe turn that into dollars sometimes to pay for stuff. That seems what I saw on was it two days ago? That was interesting to me because there was other times where ETF's brought in money and the price went down still. So I think I'm interested in finding out who these other players are and why they're selling. And it kind of is logical to me that some of these people who are sitting on a ton would actually use some of these price movements up to cash out a little because you know, life gets complicated as you get older and yet, and you need, you need money and some you can't pay for bitcoin with a lot of stuff right now. So, you know. Okay I can see more of that.
Speaker B: Totally makes sense. And then last, which is slightly longer term, is now that you have seen these first two months of inflows, do you have a projection for how much money you think will come into bitcoin by the end of the year and where the price might be at that time?
Speaker A: Oh man. So we said there'd be ten to 15 billions in net flows after the first year. We are not even two months and they're at 9 billion. They're already a billion away from my like low point and only 5 billion away from my high point. They're probably going to blow away my number. A lot can happen though. Because if they took in like 40 billion, and let's just say there's some crazy correction in like August and 20 billion comes out, I think there'll be stronger holders than people think. But in other words, there could be an outflow period somewhere in August, September, and actually could be right at 15 after the dust settles between everything. But it does look like for now, I'm going to lose or be. I'm going to have underestimated. So if you ask me right now, what would I say if I could revise it? I'd probably just double it. I probably go to 30 from 15 as my high point. I don't think 500 million to a billion a day pace is going to be maintained. I think at some point that slows down a little bit, but who knows? Like I said, it depends on how much word of mouth happens, because if you talk to people, a lot of people just don't even know any of this is going on. Or they just, after SBF, they have just mentally checked out from bitcoin, they're like, I don't care. I'm not going to be fomo this time. But at some point, they might be fomo'd, right? If it gets 100k or something. So I don't know, does everybody have a fomo point? And I don't know. But the higher the price goes, the more people's fomo points will be. They'll break. And advisors in particular. If I'm an advisor and I'm managing money, there's two roads. You can go. You can go. Look, I'm your consultant, and this is a bad idea. I'm not doing it. Almost like a doctor would say, I cannot prescribe you some crazy drug or something. Or you're like, okay, look, let's put a little in there. Just so you know, none of us have to regret it if it goes to, like a million dollars. But let's just know it'll go down. I would do that one just because it's a small amount of money. I wouldn't want to hear it later. And, you know, part of investing is speculating for some people. So I see no problem with it. So I think the question is, how long does people's hearts and minds have to shift a little from the normal world? And price is going to have a big impact on that shift. But you see people like Matt Hogan, and you know, there's a Matt Hogan at every one of these issuers, right? And many of them, but Matt and Hunter, I think, have done a good job sort of giving you insight into what they're doing all day. Hey, I'm in Colorado today. I saw three advisors here. What they told me, and like, you know, multiply, Matt, by like, 100, you've got all these wholesalers. That's going to matter, too, because these people have good relationships. They are trusted people with these advisors. So I guess I could see, you know, it's possible we get something higher than 30, 40 billion. But I would rather be wrong on the down. Like, I'd rather be wrong on the upside. I'd rather underestimate it than overestimate it.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: I'll stick with 30. If I could redo my. My estimate today.
Speaker B: I still find that conservative. If we're only two months in and you're only willing to double your high. But I won't.
Speaker A: I'm plotting out a little bump in the road somewhere where, okay, maybe we get to 30 by, like, April, May, or let's say June. But August is a, you know, August is nasty. You know, something like that. And that shakes a few people out. Maybe 10% of the money leaves, but then it starts to go back up again. But because August was so nasty, you don't find many people a little shy at that point. So that's something that is very possible. If what you're saying is this nice road up for twelve months straight, you will be right?
Speaker B: Well, no, if. If I will be right. I mean, I didn't say a specific number, but yeah, yeah. Then obviously it would be higher than.
Speaker A: I would be wrong. I would say if it's a more, you know, if the path is sort of more one direction up, my number should be blown away. But if we see a big bump in the road somewhere, I think mine could be more likely to happen. That's why I'm planning that, because, you know, I've seen bitcoin, there's definitely. Stuff goes down, stuff. Stuff happens. People get freaked out. It's volatile. As Gary Gibbser said yesterday, it's a roller coaster. But overall, again, let's just leave it with. It is crazy how fast they've grown and how fast the volume has grown. Not only shattered records, but really blew away my expectations. And I was probably one of the more bullish people.
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. Well, this is basically how bitcoin usually operates, so I would say it was predictable. But anyway, Eric, this has been so fun. I'm so glad we got to dissect this really wild and fun week in bitcoin. Thank you so much for coming on Unchained.
Speaker A: Yeah, thank you for having me.
Speaker B: Don't forget, next up is the weekly news recap today, presented by unchained contributor Megan Christensen. Stick around for this week in crypto after this short break. Did you know you can buy and sell crypto with tax benefits in an individual retirement account? ItrustCapital makes this possible, but what does this mean? When you buy crypto outside an IRA, like on an exchange, you face taxes on gains. But in an IRA, like a Roth IRA, gains can be tax free. ItrustCapital also has some of the lowest fees in the industry and 24/7 accessibility. Start now and maximize your retirement savings with itrust capital.
Speaker A: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing Mint mobile Unlimited premium wireless 20 $2020 15 just $15 a month, so give it a try at Mint mobile.com switch $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited more than 40gb per month slows full terms at Mint mobile.com welcome to.
Speaker C: This week's Crypto roundup. Today we navigate through Shapeshift's SEC settlement, Binance, US's compliance struggles, do Kwan's extradition developments, DCG's legal counter, Crypto's political clout, Microstrategy's bitcoin bet, Wormhole's airdrop debate, Coinbase's technical glitch, tethers milestone market cap, and the surge in Uniswap's Unitoken. Thanks for tuning in. This episode was written by Juana Randovich and edited by Jeannie Kim. I'm Megan Christensen with Unchained. Let's get into it. Shapeshift, a firm founded by Eric Voorhees, has agreed to pay a $275,000 fine to the SEC to resolve allegations that it operated as an unregistered securities dealer. The SEC season disorder highlights that Shapeshift offered crypto assets that were deemed investment contracts and thus classified as securities, referencing the criteria established by the 1946 Howey test. This settlement includes a commitment from shapeshift to refrain from future violations of securities regulations. The controversy stems from Shapeshift's operations between July 2017 and November 2019, before it seized its direct crypto asset exchange services in 2021. SEC commissioners Hester Pierce and Mark Ueda criticized the vague nature of the shapeshift settlement, highlighting regulatory uncertainty in the crypto sector. Quote in sum, Shapeshift is in trouble because the commission, nearly ten years after Shapeshift's platform started trading and more than three years after it changed its business model, now contends that some unidentified number of the 79 crypto assets it traded between 2014 and 2021 were investment contracts, without explaining why, end quote, the two commissioners said. Speaking of settlements, BlockFi is on the verge of resolving its disputes with FTX and Alameda research through a quote in principle end quote settlement valued at $874.5 million. The agreement, pending judicial approval, would allow Blockfi to recover claims against the two entities, facilitating a second interim distribution to its creditors. FTX, in return will retract its claims against BlockFi, marking a significant step towards concluding the bankruptcy proceedings of these crypto giants. The SEC has raised concerns over Binance US compliance with the consent order, focusing on whether the us customer funds are properly safeguarded from access by global employees. Despite binance us asserting its adherence to regulations, the SEC the sufficiency of their evidence regarding control over customer assets. This dispute unfolds as Binance US reports severe operational setbacks, including a 75% revenue drop and over two thirds of staff layoffs following the SEC's lawsuit. This action has led to asset withdrawals and challenges in maintaining banking relationships, casting a shadow over the company's future viability amidst ongoing legal scrutiny. Meanwhile, the Nigerian House of Representatives Committee on Financial Crimes summoned Binance CEO Richard Tang to appear before it amid a probe following the detention of two executives. Do Kwan, the co founder of Terraform Labs, is set to be extradited to South Korea. This decision by the High Court of Montenegro comes after a nuanced legal battle between the United States and South Korea over Kwan's extradition, ultimately favoring his return to his native country. The Court of appeals recently overturned a prior ruling for extradition to the US, leading to this latest decision. Kwan faces serious charges in both countries, including securities fraud by the US SEC and criminal charges by the Department of Justice. In addition to charges in South Korea related to the fallout of terror, USD and Luna, a $45 billion collapse that led to the crypto winter beginning in 2022. Digital currency group and its CEO Barry Silbert, have filed a motion to dismiss what they call a baseless lawsuit brought by the New York attorney general, Letitia James. The lawsuit, initiated in October 23 and expanded last month, accuses DCG and its subsidiary Genesis Global Capital, of defrauding investors of $3 billion, particularly in connection with the collapse of crypto firm three eras Capital and crypto exchange FTX. The investors were tied to Gemini earn, a partnership between Genesis and the crypto exchange Gemini, as well as those invested directly with Genesis. In its motion, DCG vehemently denied the fraud accusations, describing them as a, quote, a thin web of baseless innuendo, blatant mischaracterizations, and unsupported conclusory statements. Crypto political action committees PAcs like Fair Shake have demonstrated some clout in recent congressional primaries, particularly targeting and contributing to their defeat of US Representative Katie Porter in California. Their strategic spending, exceeding 13 million across several key races, underscores the crypto industry's intent to shape political landscapes to favor the regulation of digital assets. Josh Philasto, a spokesperson for these packs, declared, the crypto voter is here emphasizing the industry's intent to be a significant political player in the 2024 elections. Simultaneously, the market is buzzing with the rise of meme coins based on political figures, notably a token named Geo Bowden, inspired by and misspelling the name of US President Joe Biden, which surged by 830% in trading volume on Wednesday. Political meme coins reflect the speculative and volatile nature of the crypto market and showcase the often whimsical side of crypto investments. In the week that bitcoin hit all time highs, Microstrategy has increased its convertible debt, offering to 700 million, aiming to acquire more bitcoin. This move, announced by the company that was founded by staunch bitcoin advocate Michael Saylor, indicates a strong belief in the future value of bitcoin despite recent market fluctuations. The conversion price of these notes is set at a 42.5% premium to the stocks last close, reflecting confidence in the asset's value growth. Microstrategy already has a stockpile of around 193,000 bitcoin. This week, the market also absorbed the move of 69 million worth of bitcoin mined in 2010 to Coinbase, likely for sale. This action by one of the earliest bitcoin miners coincided with bitcoin reaching a new all time high. Analysts suggest that this large scale sell off, indicative of long term holders cashing out, contributed to an 8.5% market dip and triggered over a billion dollars in leveraged position liquidations on platforms like Binance. Wormhole, a token bridging platform, is set to airdrop 617 million w tokens to 397,704 wallets, stirring debates over allocation fairness by its community. The distribution, aimed at rewarding users of wormhole ecosystem applications and its discord and NFT communities, has left some users dissatisfied, claiming discrepancies in the allocation process. While the platform has launched an eligibility tracker issues with the Ethereum virtual machine wallet connections have been reported. Despite these challenges, some users have expressed frustration over perceived inequities with concerns over the criteria used to determine allocations, leading to calls for greater transparency and fairness in future distributions. As bitcoin reached a new high, some Coinbase users encountered a concerning issue for the second time in two weeks, zero account balances displayed on the platform. This glitch amid an increase in bitcoin trading activity prompted official response from Coinbase assuring users of the safety of their funds. Despite the apparent account discrepancies, the company acknowledged the problems, including increased latency and intermittent display errors while working on improvements. Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong previously linked similar disruptions to a, quote, large surge of traffic, end quote, reflecting the platform's struggle to handle spikes in user activity during bullish market conditions. Tether, the leading stablecoin globally, has reached a new milestone by surpassing $100 billion market cap for the first time. This growth, including an increase of $10 billion in market value since December, is attributed to rising optimism in the market, particularly the recent surge in bitcoin prices. Uniswap's governance token Uni experienced a notable 20% increase in value as a decentralized finance platform's proposal for revenue sharing mechanism for token holders nears approval. The anticipation has elevated Unis price to its highest in 26 months, outperforming broader market trends and showcasing strong investor confidence in the proposed governance overhaul. The initiative, poised for an on chain vote, promises substantial annual dividends to uni holders, potentially setting a precedent for similar mechanisms across other Defi protocols while navigating regulatory considerations. And that's all. Thank you so much for joining us today. If you enjoyed this recap, go to unchainedcrypto dot substack.com, that is, unchainedcrypto dot Substack.com, and sign up for a free newsletter so that you can stay up to date with the latest in crypto. Unchained is produced by Laura Shin with help from Nelson Wang, Matt Pilchard, Juana Roanovich, Megan Gabas Shashank and Margaret Correa. Thanks for listening.
Speaker B: Unchained is now a part of the Coindesk podcast Network. For the latest in digital assets, check out markets daily five days a week with host Noel Atchison. Follow the Coindesk podcast Network for some of the best shows in crypto.
