Speaker A: The belief in prediction markets isn't that markets are perfectly rational and always get it right, but that again, when a wide variety of people have skin in the game and, you know, bet on, you know, what they believe to be true, that ends up that the price in aggregate ends up more truthful than just what, you know. A few pre selected elites say.
Speaker B: Hi everyone.
Speaker C: Welcome to Unchained, your no hype resource for all things crypto. I'm your host Laura Shinna, author of the Cryptopians. I started covering crypto nine years ago and as a senior editor at Forbes, was the first mainstream media reporter to.
Speaker B: Cover cryptocurrency full time.
Speaker C: This is the July 5, 2024 episode.
Speaker B: Of Unchained video accounts for over half of total Internet traffic. Playfis Protocol turns content into data with cutting edge AI and blockchain. Learn more at Playfi AI with iTrust capital, you can buy and sell crypto in a tax advantage retirement account, enjoy significant tax advantages 24/7 access and the industrys low lowest fees. Polkadot is the original and leading layer zero blockchain with over 2000 plus developers and the Polkadot 2.0 upgrade will be a massive accelerator for the ecosystem. Join the community@polkadot.net work ecosystem community hey unchained listeners. As you know, it's hard keeping up with a fast paced world of crypto, so we've got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot. You'll get the latest crypto news and original articles from our reporters, as well as summaries of other happenings in bullet points, plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. It's still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot.
Speaker D: This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling wherever you sell. With Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps, and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your $1 per month trial period@shopify.com. tech all lowercase. That's Shopify.com tech.
Speaker B: Today's guest is Nick Tomato, founder and.
Speaker C: General partner at one confirmation. Welcome, Nick.
Speaker A: How's it going. Laura, good to see you.
Speaker B: Nice to see you.
Speaker C: Prediction market, Poly Market has had a record June, attracting nearly 30,000 monthly active users and seeing over $110 million in trading volume. You are an investor. Tell us a little bit about the road to getting here.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, prediction market has been a category that a lot of people have been interested in for a long time. Actually, a lot of people don't know this, but in the 1916 us election, there was more money bet on that election. It was Woodrow Wilson versus Charles Evans Hughes. There was more money bet on that election than there was money given to both candidates in campaign finance. And on some days, there was actually more trading volume on that market than there was the entire stock market volume. So prediction markets have been around for a long time. A lot of people have been interested in for a long time, dating back to back then and more recently in trade. Had a moment in the early two thousands and even in crypto auger five or six years ago. There's a long history in prediction markets, and it's really exciting for people like me that have believed in them for a long time, because now it's really starting to happen on a mainstream level. And these markets are playing a big role in kind of in important world events. And it's exciting to see.
Speaker C: And how did you come to invest in polymarket?
Speaker A: At one confirmation, we're very much product oriented investors and we like to invest in products that we really believe in from a user perspective, kind of first and foremost. And I've long thought that prediction markets would be one of the most important products that comes out of crypto. And so in our first fund back in 2018, 2019, we invested in Augur and we invested in another very early stage project called Vail. They didn't really work out. And then we came across Shane in 2019 2020, and it felt like better timing. And so we were part of the early seed round of polymarket and have been investing ever since and working closely with Shane and kind of building the company.
Speaker C: Yeah. Shane Koplan. And so tell us how it launched and what it's been like getting to this point where now we're seeing it, you know, being talked about, for instance, by the likes of Nate Silver, who's one of the most famous election pollsters.
Speaker A: Yeah. And I mean, I mean, the favor for president, right? Trump has been posting his polymarket pretty, you know, odds on truth social for the past six or nine months. Right? So it really is. And, you know, news outlets like CNN and Bloomberg are starting to use it. So it's really becoming an important part of the media, I think. And I really think it's just getting started. I think people aren't using it enough. But yeah, there's certainly been a lot of ups and downs at Polymarket. I mean, around 2019, 2020, there was some success around the election. After that, there were some issues with the CFTC. The CFTC actually fined polymarket. We had to block us consumers from using the platform. And that's still the case today. We can kind of talk about the regulation and where that might be going. And then there was kind of a lull. I think a lot of people maybe gave up on polymarket and maybe even the idea of prediction markets overall. But what we've seen in crypto is like the founders with the deepest long term conviction, end up surviving the ups and downs and winning the biggest. And so I think all the credit is really to Shane and the team at Polymarket because they persisted through kind of ups, downs, lows and are really thriving now.
Speaker C: And so now that you're seeing that it has pretty substantial activity, have you been noticing anything specific about how the prediction market interacts with the news? I just imagine you, you've been watching every little tick up and tick down.
Speaker A: Oh, for sure. I think the, you know, there's probably people listening that don't even know what a prediction market is. And it's really a exchange based market that trades 24/7 on any type of outcome, any, any world event. And to make it concrete, I mean, I think that one of the most interesting markets to talk about right now is will Joe Biden drop out of the 2024 election? Right? And if you look at the history on that market, you can go to polymarket and look at that market. And back in October 2023 timeframe, look at what the media was writing about Joe Biden. There's headlines. Joe Biden knows what he's doing. Joe Biden is as sharp as ever. These are New York Times, CNN, whatever headlines. If you look at the market, even back then, there was about 25% chance that the market was saying that Joe Biden would drop out of this election. And so the reason I think a lot of people see prediction markets as just gambling or something like that. But my excitement about prediction markets is not at all the gambling side of it, but it's the ability that they have to bring more truth to the world. And you have a lot of narratives right now out there, right. And it's hard for people to know what is true. You have kind of corporate media narratives you also have social media narratives, and, you know, the x algorithm doesn't do people any favors, and it often kind of, you know, it showcases what's popular rather than what's true. Right. So, you know, this. Will Joe Biden drop out in 2024? Again, I think is a great example, because if you look back then, what the media was saying, what most people were saying, and what the odds were like, you know, the average person would look at that, you know, 25%, and say, ah, that's stupid. The market is irrational. Doesn't know, you know, people. It's just crypto bros. But that actually was closer to the truth than what the mainstream was writing. Right. And then, you know, fast forward to the. The debate last week. And in real time, when Biden was on air debating, the odds, will he drop out actually doubled. So it was happening faster than the media was talking about or anything like that. And it became that time that the poly market odds. And one thing about prediction markets, too, is that liquidity is important. If it's just a few people trading and there's no liquidity, the market price doesn't mean much. But if you start having lots of different people with different perspectives putting skin in the game, and you start seeing real volume, that means more. And so now this will Joe Biden dropout market has over $10 million in volume, and there's now a much greater than 50% chance that it's happening. And that's what the market says. And you have some of the biggest people from the Democratic Party, like Gavin Newsom on Twitter yesterday and Whitmer saying, Biden is our candidate. They're still saying this. The market clearly doesn't believe them anymore. And that's kind of interesting in itself, and we'll see what happens. A lot of people also about prediction markets say, well, they get it wrong all the time. And if Biden ends up running, people will say, oh, the market got it wrong. The belief in prediction markets isn't that markets are perfectly rational and always get it right, but that, again, when a wide variety of people have skin in the game and bet on what they believe to be true, that ends up. That the price in aggregate ends up more truthful than just what a few pre selected elites say.
Speaker C: Yeah. Yeah. There's an episode of the chopping block that I think is coming out today, the day we're recording, which is Thursday. And I was on it and we discussed all this, and we were saying that especially in the period before the mainstream media reports on something, then they can be more accurate. And I talked about how there's a certain bar to publish that can make it hard for a journalist to break something if like the people that are close to that situation do not want that to be public. But then we were saying that once it became public, then now we're seeing this interplay wherever events that are being reported by the mainstream media are affecting the prediction markets. But I do think your point about how Gavin Newsom and Gretchen Whitmer, et cetera, were saying they were behind Biden. But you might have seen also the New York Times did report a couple of close allies to Biden had conversations with him where he did express that he knew that he had to prove himself within some short period, otherwise it was over for him. So yeah, I think, yeah, now there's more of an interplay. But you're right. In that period before, the prediction markets were more spot on.
Speaker B: So in a moment, we're going to.
Speaker C: Talk more about some of the different events that have happened on polymarket. But first, a quick word from the sponsors who make that show possible.
Speaker B: Playfi uses cutting edge AI and blockchain technology to transform content into real time data. Their AI agents watch games, live streams, sports and more, converting terabytes of video into actionable on chain data, helping studios, brands, and creators find new ways to engage and monetize whatever the world is watching and playing. Discover more about Playfis upcoming node license sale launching the worlds first decentralized network for mass market content. Visit Playfi AI to learn more. Polkadot is the original and largest layer zero blockchain. With over 2000 plus developers, the anticipated Polkadot 2.0 upgrade will be a massive accelerator for the ecosystem, upgrading the infrastructure with eight times higher transaction throughput and twice as fast block times. Tailored core time for the needs of every protocol, trustless bridges to multiple chains, and revised tokenomics with a token burn to reduce inflation. Perfect for gamefi and defi to build, grow, and scale. Get your web three ideas to market fast. Think big. Build bigger with Polkadot. Join the community@polkadot.net work ecosystems community whoa.
Speaker E: Landing an account this big will totally change my landscaping business. It's gonna mean hiring more guys and more equipment and new trucks for the new guys to drive the new equipment in. I don't know if I'm ready.
Speaker F: You can do this. And Ford Pro finsimple can help. Our experts are ready to make growing pains less painful for your business with flexible financing solutions that meet the needs of your business today when you need them. Get started@fordpro.com. financing.
Speaker C: Back to my conversation with Nick. So I did want to also ask just generally about the process for creating a prediction market on polymarket, because we have seen that there are some conflicts that have happened around resolving these prediction markets. Two of the more notable ones were the spot ether ETF approvals, where the definition of what approval meant or when the actual approval happened came into question. And then the other was around the DJT meme token and whether or not Barron Trump was involved. So can you talk about just kind of how that whole thing works and then what you learned maybe from those two events?
Speaker A: Yeah, good question. So, I mean, there's two parts of it, right? There's the market creation. And right now polymarket is curating markets. I think there may be a world in the future where you have user generated markets and someone like a podcaster like you could actually create your own markets and potentially earn fees from those markets on markets that your users care about. But right now, it's largely just in the prediction market space, broadly, and polymarket specifically, the platforms are creating the markets. That's one side of it. And then I think the side you're alluding to, which is an important piece, and I would say it's still not perfect. And being ironed out is the market resolution side on something like will Joe Biden dropout. The result is pretty clear. I don't think there's going to be gray area around something like that. But how these markets are written really matters, right? And that's where the market creation side is important, because when you see a market, there's the headline question, but then there's the details in the question that really specify what determines yes, what determines no. And those specifications are written. But then for polymarket right now, there's a decentralized oracle that actually effectively votes on the outcome. And it's up to this kind of decentralized oracle to determine what they believe to be true or false. And the most, I guess, notable recent one that you mentioned is, was Baron involved in DJT. And that was a controversial one, right? Because you have Martin Shkreli, you know, doing hour long Twitter spaces, you know, giving his details, and he's still, he's probably going to do one today. He's still chirping about, you know, about Barron's involvement. And so you have really his account and, you know, some other journalists that are probably chasing clout that are saying one thing, but you don't have anything from Barron. You don't have anything from really any sources besides those two. Again, the terminology matters. How did they determine in the wording of that market whether he was involved or not? I think that the term was, is there a preponderance of evidence? And so then it's up to this decentralized oracle to evaluate whether there's a lot of evidence or not. And that was one where actually the decentralized oracle, it's a token based project called Uma, decided that he wasn't involved, there wasn't enough evidence. And polymarket actually disagreed with that. So they ended up refunding everyone that that bet. Yes, because they determined that there was enough evidence from Shkreli. And so it's an interpretation of the wording in that case. And yeah, I think, as I said, I think it's still being figured out, like what's the best way? I think some people dismiss prediction markets because of events like this, which I think is foolish because I think this stuff is still being ironed out. And I tend to believe that largely it should be, the decision should be in the spirit of the market. So there shouldn't be gotchas that the people are getting duped on effectively.
Speaker C: And by that you're referring to the spot ether ETF, one where the initial sign that there was an approval, you feel should have been the determinant factor, not the later bureaucratic thing of the official.
Speaker A: When you have the media reporting the ETF was approved. And by all accounts the ETF was approved, but there's some very minor nuance that it's not actually approved until a bit later, things like that. I think it's in the interest of prediction markets and the growth of prediction markets broadly to decide in favor of the spirit of the market, because if people are getting duped on minor things like this, they're not going to want to go back to prediction markets. We actually saw that there was one market in particular back in augur days, that the decentralized oracle actually decided against the spirit of the markets. And there was probably a lot of reasons why it just wasn't the right time for augur. But I think that things like that may have played a small role in it.
Speaker C: And then, so just to make clear, so when somebody sets up a market, it's their own phrasing that determines how it's decided, or does anybody help them to make sure that the wording is such that it can be easily decided?
Speaker A: Well, in the case of polymarket, again, to be specific, right now polymarket is creating their own markets and they have people that are focused on the wording. And again, I think they probably could still be improved. So polymarket is creating the market and writing what determines the market. But then it's a separate body that is interpreting the wording of the markets. It's you could think of it as a two party system currently, where you have the market creator and then a separate decentralized oracle.
Speaker C: Okay. And in the case of something where it's kind of like a moving target, where, for instance, this question of who could replace Biden if he steps down, I noticed that the prediction market, it has obviously, like Kamala, but then it's like other, including Whitmer. But there were so many people that could fall in that bucket. I hear a lot of people talking about Pete Buttigieg or the governor of Pennsylvania, something. Shapiro. I forgot his first name, but they're not on there. But then people like Gavin Newsom, who I feel like I heard a lot about initially and that I'm hearing less about now. Um, they're still on there. So, like, in this kind of situation where it's, like, fluid, is it just whatever is the beginning, you know, slate of options just remains, or is there a way to, like, update it? As, you know, more information comes to.
Speaker A: Light, I think it could be updated with a new market. And I think it has been like, for example, Bergamde, I don't think was in really. No one was talking about him initially as a VP candidate. And on that initial market, he wasn't on there. But then you just add a new market for a new candidate, so it can kind of fragment liquidity on certain markets, but that's generally how it works.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker E: I think.
Speaker A: I'm honestly not 100% positive on that, but I think that's true. But these markets typically have other the kind of OG market, if you will. So that kind of captures someone that's not on it initially. And then if a new candidate fast emerges, that becomes kind of a favorite, then you'll create a new market for it.
Speaker C: Okay. And you kind of mentioned earlier that, like, at lower trading volumes, the markets maybe are, like, a little less reliable. Is there a certain threshold that you like to use to delineate when you feel like a market's more credible?
Speaker A: Yeah, it's a good question. Not really. I think it really depends on what, you know, the event is and and how much volume there. I wouldn't say there's, like, a blanket over a million dollars is definitely kind of more truthful. I just think in general, the more volume on a market, the more kind of truthful, you can interpret it as. But if you look on polymarket right now, I mean, there's some pop culture type markets that. Let's pull one up. Okay. Will Trump say mog in 2024.
Speaker C: Which is a meme coin for those of you who don't know.
Speaker A: Yeah. And the market says there's a 15% chance, but there's only $20,000 worth of volume and very low liquidity. So if you bet yes, and you put $1,000 on that, it's going to move the market a lot. So something like that, you put less weight on. Then again, there's over 200 million on the presidential election winner now with Trump at 64% and Kamala number two at 13%. So those are two extreme examples. And I think there's in between, there's gray area and you kind of have to use your own judgment.
Speaker C: All right, well, last thing I wanted to mention is you talked about how the CFTC had this fine. And as you mentioned, historically the US has had prediction markets, but obviously we don't now.
Speaker B: So.
Speaker C: What happened at that time to eliminate them from the US? But what prospects do you see for prediction markets going forward in the US?
Speaker A: Yes. So this is something I haven't seen many people talk about, but I think it's pretty interesting. I mean, I mentioned in the early kind of 19 hundreds in the US, there was a deep desire for the american people to bet on politics. And then regulators came along and didn't allow it anymore. And if you ask, and so now specifically, it's the CFTC that is basically able to deem some markets legal and other markets illegal. And if you ask why, there's maybe different reasons why. But a common answer you hear is, well, you don't want money and politics too closely aligned. You don't want them to intersect too much. And that's pretty funny, actually, because we all know how much money and politics actually matter. But it's corporate money, it's the money of elites. And I think what that really means is we don't want people's money, the little guy's money and politics to too closely come together. So that's my personal view. Aside from that, if you look at what's happening with the administrative state in this country in the past couple weeks, like Chevron deference being overturned last week, that's a big deal because the courts are saying, you know, it's no, we're no longer going to defer to the regulators on what's legal and illegal. And this has big implications for prediction markets, political prediction markets in particular. Right? Because again, what's happening right now is the CFTC is deeming some markets illegal and some markets illegal. And I'm not a lawyer, of course, and I'm kind of talking based on discussions I've had with different lawyers, and there are smart lawyers that think that if this goes to the Supreme Court, this could actually be overturned and political markets could actually be deemed legal and free for Americans to participate in. There's actually a non crypto prediction market, Kalchi, that is suing the CFTC on this issue. So certainly if you look at how gambling has opened up in the US over the past five years, and you look at the direction that hopefully the administrative state is going where there's less of these kind of unelected bureaucrats who are making decisions that might be in their own interests and against the interests of the people. So I think there's a lot of signs that at some point prediction markets are going to open up in the US, but we'll see.
Speaker C: Yeah, I agree that there's just the fact that this is being cited so much, I feel like is also a positive sign. And for listeners who are interested in hearing about how the elimination of Chevron deference affects crypto, I have an episode coming out about that on Tuesday, so you guys should tune into that. But Nick, this has been super helpful and super interesting. Thank you so much for coming on Unchained.
Speaker A: Of course, yeah, thanks for having me, Lark. Happy fourth.
Speaker C: Same to you. Don't forget.
Speaker B: Next up is the weekly news recap.
Speaker C: Today presented by Wondercraft AI. Stick around for this week in crypto after this short break.
Speaker B: Did you know Unchained is much more than a podcast? Last year, we unveiled a completely redesigned website enriching your experience with the latest news, insightful analysis, compelling op eds, and comprehensive learning articles and guides for beginners. Explore all this and more@unchainedcrypto.com. dot did you know you can buy and sell crypto with tax benefits in an individual retirement account or IRA? ItrustCapital makes this possible, but what does this mean? When you buy crypto outside an IRA, like on an exchange, you face taxes on gains, but in a Roth IRA, gains would be tax free. ITrust Capital also has the lowest fees in the industry and 24/7 accessibility. Start now and maximize your retirement savings with itrust capital.
Speaker G: Welcome to this week's Crypto roundup. In today's recap, we'll cover the revenue surge of meme coin platform pump fun, Polkadot's treasury concerns Grayscale's Solana Trust trading at a high premium and Silvergate bank's $63 million settlement with regulators. We'll also discuss the US Marshals services contract with Coinbase, Blast's new reward program, Genesis digital assets, potential IPO, Lido Finance's decentralization efforts, and bittensor's network halt due to a security breach. Plus, we'll end with some lighthearted tweets from Polkadot's community manager. Thanks for tuning in to the weekly news recap. Let's begin. Memecoin platform Pump Fun surpasses Ethereum and daily revenue the meme coin craze continues as Solana based platform Pump Fun outperformed Ethereum in daily revenue on Monday. Pump Fun, which offers a low cost way to create meme coins, generated an impressive $1.99 million in 24 hours, surpassing Ethereum's $1.19 million in revenue and TrOn's $1.58 million, according to data from DFI Llama. Despite a $1.6 billion drop in the total mimicoin market cap since mid June, pump Fun averages $692,000 in daily revenue. Celebrities such as Caitlyn Jenner and Iggy Azalea have launched their own tokens on the platform, fueling its popularity. Pump Fun, which launched its main net in early 2024, is projected to have an annualized revenue of $268.95 million per DeFi llama. The platform earns revenue through a 1% swap fee on trades and additional listing fees on decentralized exchange radium. Also this week, restaking protocol symbiotic crossed $1 billion in total value locked, gaining ground against restaking first mover eigen layer symbiotic and Carrick are two emerging players that are challenging the restaking stalwart. If you are interested, unchained has an explainer on what makes them different from eigen layer. Polkadot's treasury could deplete in two years, says ecosystem ambassador. After analyzing Polkadot's on chain treasury head, ecosystem ambassador Tommy Enenkel warns that its $245 million treasury could run dry in two years. The report shows $87 million spent in the first half of 2024, with significant allocations to outreach development and liquidity incentives. Enenckel estimates that the treasury has $200 million in liquid assets available within the next year, cautioning that at the current spending rate, it may last only two years if DoT's value remains stable. However, the web three foundation disagrees, emphasizing that the treasury is continually replenished through staking. The web three foundation is an organization that oversees the polkadot ecosystem's growth. Fabian Gomph, CEO of the web three foundation, said the treasury has continuous inflows. It's never going to run out of funds. The Polkadot community recently rejected a proposal to reduce DoT's 10% annual inflation rate, which primarily funds staking rewards. Grayscale's Solana trust trades at high premium amid ETF filings after last week's Solana ETF filings by investment firms Vaneck and 21 shares, Grayscale's Solana Trust continues to trade at a significant premium. As of the latest data, SoL shares are priced at $431, while the net asset value stands at $57. Grayscale's closed end funds, such as Scholl offer limited shares, creating higher demand and premiums compared to open ended funds. Investors prefer these trusts for their ease of placement into tax advantaged accounts. Silvergate bank pays $63 million to settle charges with regulators Silvergate bank agreed to pay $63 million to settle charges with the SEC, Federal Reserve and California regulators. The bank, known for its crypto friendly stance, was accused of failing to maintain a proper anti money laundering program and misleading investors about the effectiveness of the program. The SEC alleged that former executives, including CEO Alan Lane and chief operating officer Kathleen Freyher, were aware of these deficiencies. Lane and Freyher settled without admitting guilt, accepting a five year ban from public company roles. Silvergates former chief financial officer Antonio Martino denied the charges. Speaking of legal actions, Tron founder Justin sun won a defamation lawsuit this week in the People's Court of China against Chongqing business Media group, which was ordered to apologize and retract false statements. US Marshals Service awards $32.5 million contract to Coinbase for asset custody the US Marshals Service, an arm of the Department of Justice, has selected Coinbase prime to provide custody and advance trading services for its large cap digital assets under a $32.5 million contract. The agency highlighted the need for managing and disposing of significant amounts of cryptocurrency securely and professionally. Coinbase was chosen for its strong track record in institutional grade crypto services. This decision comes amid ongoing legal battles between Coinbase and the SEC, as noted by Alex Kruger on this week's episode of Bits and BiPs, who pointed out the irony of Coinbase being sued by the SEC while simultaneously partnering with the us government phase two of Blast's reward program to distribute 10 billion tokens after its airdrop last week, Ethereum layer two network blast launched phase two of its token rewards program, allocating 10 billion blast tokens to incentivize mobile Dapp use and development. Running until June 2025, the program splits rewards evenly between users who earn points and gold. Users points are accrued through ether wrapped ether blasts, stablecoin, USDB and blast balances, while gold is earned based on Dapp traction. Bitcoin miner Genesis digital assets eyesus IPO Bitcoin mining company Genesis Digital Assets is exploring a us initial public offering, according to a Bloomberg report on Tuesday. The firm is working with advisors to potentially raise a pre IPo funding round in the coming weeks. Genesis, which was backed by defunct hedge fund Alameda Research, has raised over $550 million from investors since 2021, reaching a valuation of $5.5 billion. In its latest round, Alameda Research invested $1 billion in Genesis, though a Wall Street Journal report revealed that only half of this was used for operations, with the rest buying out co founders shares. Genesis operates 20 data centers globally, boasting a total power capacity of over 500 miners. Lido advances decentralization path Lido Finance, the leading firm in liquid staking, launched its community staking module on the Hleski test network on Monday. This initiative allows new entities, including solo stakers, to become node operators without requiring DaO approval. The move aims to diversify Lido's node operator set, which has been permissioned since its inception. This step comes as the SEC alleges that Lidos liquid staking token Steth is an unregistered security. Lido's Steth, which represents staked ether, dominates 29% of the total staked ether supply and has a $33 billion market cap. Dmitry Gusakov, tech leader for Lideau's community staking product, emphasized in a governance post that this module will enable more accessible and decentralized staking operations. Bittensor halts network after 8 million wallet exploit Bittensor, a decentralized AI blockchain, paused its network following a security breach targeting user wallets on chain. Analyst Zack XBT reported that approximately $8 million worth of Tau tokens were stolen, possibly due to private key leakage. The incident caused a 17% drop in Taos value. A Bittensor discord administrator confirmed the network was halted to prevent further unauthorized access while the team investigates. Co founder Ala Shabana stated the blockchain is in safe mode with blocks being produced, but transactions halted time for fun bits Polkadot's treasury tweets take a lighthearted turn previously we told you about Polkadot's treasury concerns, but what we didn't mention is the humorous and lighthearted approach their community manager is taking on x. Polkadot's official X account has been engaging with the community in a fun and witty manner. The day after the news broke, they posted GM to all marketers and kols. Then, after near protocol's account pointed out that you can't spell Polkadot without Kol, the Polkadot account responded, community voted. We're rebranding to Kolkadot. Lastly, on Wednesday, Polkadot posted akols. You can contact the marketing bounty yes, that marketing bounty via the form here and a link to a form. Polkadot is embracing humor and camaraderie, showing that even in the face of serious issues, a little levity can go a long way in keeping the community engaged and entertained. And that's all. Thanks so much for joining us today. If you enjoyed this recap, go to unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. that is unchainedcrypto dot Substack.com and sign up for our free newsletter so that you can stay up to date with the latest in crypto. Unchained is produced by Laura Shin with help from Matt Pilchard, Juana Ranovich, Megan Gavis, Pam Majumdar, and Margaret Korea. The weekly recap was written by Juan Aranovic and edited by Kari McMahon. Thanks for listening.
Speaker B: Unchained is now a part of the Coindesk podcast Network. For the latest in digital assets, check out markets daily five days a week with host Noel Atchison. Follow the Coindesk podcast Network for some of the best shows in crypto.
