Speaker A: Hey everyone, Laura here. I'm in Brussels this week for ETHCC and other events such as Open Finance Day and modular summit. It's been a really lovely time and I've met a bunch of great people. At Modular Summit hosted by Celestia and Maven Eleven, I had a fireside chat with Mustafa al Bassam, the co founder of Celestia and the CEO of Celestia Labs. It was a really fun and entertaining conversation since he regaled us with tales of his time hacking a range of organizations such as the us government contractor and the West Bureau Baptist Church. From there we moved on to how his journey into bitcoin ended up with him co founding Celestia and then got into some of Celestia's current roadmap and what exciting new features are on the way. I hope you enjoy our chat. And now onto the conversation with Mustafa. Hey unchained listeners. As you know, it's hard keeping up with a fast paced world of crypto, so we've got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto Dot substack.com dot. Youll get the latest crypto news and original articles from our reporters as well as summaries of other happenings in bullet points. Plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. Its still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com video accounts for over half of total Internet traffic. Playfis protocol turns content into data with cutting edge AI and blockchain. Learn more at playfi Aih. Polkadot is the original and leading layer zero blockchain with over 2000 plus developers and the Polkadot 2.0 upgrade will be a massive accelerator for the ecosystem. Join the Community@polkadot.net work ecosystem community with iTrust Capital, you can buy and sell crypto in a tax advantage retirement account, enjoy significant tax advantages 24/7 access and the industry's lowest fees. Hi everyone, thanks for coming to this.
Speaker B: Fireside chat with me and Mustafa. So some of you might know that he has a very interesting personal story, so we're actually going to start with that. You know, as a teenager you were what's called a hacktivist. You were involved in Lil Secker. I think that was your group, and anonymous. But before we get to that story, I just want to even hear like about your childhood because that I feel like sort of says stage for what happened next.
Speaker C: So, yeah, I was born in Iraq, in Baghdad, and I moved to the UK as a refugee when I was five, moved to London, and it was like southeast London on a housing estate. And I kind of had my first experience with a computer when I was six or five. And this was like kind of like a Windows 95 computer. And that kind of like was my first introduction to computers. And from there I kind of like just very curious. I was just very curious. And I think this is like a, it's actually a very common story with a lot of people who learn programming from an early age. And I came across software like Microsoft Front Page, which was like this software in a Microsoft office suite that lets you create your own website. And I kind of experimented with that and that's how I first got into like technology and coding.
Speaker B: And so from there, how did you end up, I guess, engaging with these different hackers and becoming a hacker yourself?
Speaker C: Yeah. So I started to figure out how to create my own websites using programming languages like PHP. And as I was doing that, I kind of realized the ways that people could make mistakes, or programmers could make mistakes when they're creating their, or programming their websites to create security flows. As I was thinking about that, every time I would visit a website, I would see if it's vulnerable to what I think is vulnerable to. So for example, one day I was doing my maths homework, I didn't have a calculator with me, so I googled for online calculator and it turned out there was this flaw in the calculator that lets that instead of typing one plus one in the calculator, you could type in computer code into the calculator and execute that computer code. And this was a calculator that was run on this university, on this american university server. So it was really interesting to me that you could hack a university through a broken calculator on the website. And that's kind of like how I first realized that you could actually hack into things or things could have security flows. But then I kind of, I was also very interested in accessing software or media that I couldn't afford to access at the time. And back then, the BitTorrent and the Pirate bay was a very popular way of accessing that kind of information for free. This was like before Netflix existed or other streaming services existed. And to me, BitTorrent was really interesting because it was like a peer to peer file sharing system that did not rely on centralized entities. And to me it was evidence that we didn't have to need, we didn't need a centralized Internet. But I first got into activism when there was a group called Anonymous that was conducting a denial of services hack against the Motion Picture association of America and the RIAA, which was trying to take down the pirate bay. And then these people kind of organized denial of service attack against those companies. And then, so I kind of got involved into these hacker chat rooms and that's how I kind of got into the hacker scene. And then it kind of ended up with me creating my own hacker group called Lulsec that kind of, in the summer of 2011, went into a kind of like a massive hacking spree that hacked into all kinds of organizations like Sony, FBI affiliates, Fox News, and like a bunch of other corporations, including military contractors.
Speaker B: And so for, I mean, there's just so many stories there. But do you have any favorites?
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, so, like one of the, I mean, I guess, like, the point of it was part of, the point of it was political, but a big part of it was back then, no one was taking security seriously. So the only way to show people that they weren't taking security seriously was to kind of show that the emperor had no clothes. So, for example, there was a company called HBG Federal, which was a military contractor or defense contractor to the US Department of Defense. And the CEO used the same password for his World of Warcraft account as he did for his PayPal account and his emails and his company emails. And it wasn't because we were great hackers that we were able to do this. It's because people were doing dumb things like using the same password everywhere. I, for example, or their websites were vulnerable to very basic vulnerabilities that everyone knows exists. But no one had the balls at the time to actually hack those companies and show that the emperor had no clothes. So it's kind of like an issue that everyone knew existed but couldn't do anything about it.
Speaker B: And since that was like a government contractor, did they end up just getting no more work from the. I mean, that seems like a, a really bad breach.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, the CEO had to end up resigning. And I think there was like an investigation into them in Congress about how that kind of how that happened.
Speaker B: And you were how old when you did that?
Speaker C: This was when I was 15 to 16.
Speaker B: I love it. I love it. And I mean, there are so many others. Like, I listed a bunch and you could really pick any other story that you want to tell like, the Westboro Baptist church was also kind of a funny one. Sony, there's another thing involving the Arab Spring, but, yeah, I don't know if you want to tell another story.
Speaker C: Yeah, so, I mean, Sony was a fun one because this was in the summer of 2011. There was kind of like big hack. Like the PlayStation network was down for like a month, and a lot of kids everywhere were really angry that the PlayStation network was down. But Sony is a perfect hacker target, or was a perfect hacker target at the time because they just had prosecuted George hot for breaking the DRM of the Sony and because he managed to install Linux on the PS three, and because it was such a great hacker target. Sony was hacked around 30 times in the summer of 2011. And they were hacked so many times by all these different people that it kind of became a game to see who could hack them the most. So someone was keeping track, and it was like, we hacked them seven times and this other hacker hacked them six times. So it was kind of like we won the race against this other hacker to see who can hack them the most in different ways. But, you know, you had like, so many pictures, so many music. They have so many different areas of their business, and so many, like, such a big attack surface to attack. Westboro Baptist Church was also a fun one. The Westboro Baptist church is this really controversial kind of hate group in the US that pickets, for example, the funerals of dead soldiers, to say that they deserve to die because they were gay and that kind of thing. And they kind of put out press release challenging us to hack them. I think it makes sense for them because they need attention, but we managed to kind of hack them and hack their website on a live radio show. And it was kind of like they were being interviewed and in the middle of the radio show, we kind of like, put up defaced their webpage and then that video online, you can watch that video on YouTube. It's got like 3 million views on YouTube.
Speaker B: I love it. I love it. This is so, just so interesting because you were a teenager, as we mentioned, and so then at the age of 16, you got arrested. How did that happen? And what was that like?
Speaker C: Yeah, so, yeah, I was arrested, and it turned out that there was an FBI informant in the group. He wasn't originally FBI informant, but because he had two children that he was looking after when he was caught by the FBI, he kind of turned into an informant that was logging everyone's chats in the chat rooms. And, yeah, so I was arrested when I was 16, one month after I finished my exams. So that's pretty convenient because if it was before then it would have been more annoying, but. And then I was arrested and I was taken to, like, a police station, and I was, they did like, a separate charge for each pack. So they had, like, 80 charges. And they have to arrest you for each charge. So every time they arrest you, they have to caution you by saying something along the lines of, you are not under arrest for this. You don't have to say anything, but if you do not say something that you let you rely on in court, then it's my family defense. They had to say that. They were supposed to say that 80 times for each arrest, but I gave a no comment interview. So my answer to each question they were asking was like, no comment, because that's what I was advised by my lawyer to do. But they only managed to finish arresting me 40 times instead of 80 times because there was a time limit to how long you can keep someone under 18 in custody without charging them unless it was for terrorism, unless I had some excuse like I was a terrorist or something, which I wasn't. And so they didn't manage to finish arresting me.
Speaker B: I can't even imagine what your parents must have thought. They probably were just like, what is going on?
Speaker C: Yeah, they had no idea.
Speaker B: All right, so clearly he's got a colorful history, and then he gets into crypto. So you got into bitcoin. How did you go from that to getting into bitcoin?
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, I was kind of, like, very naturally interested in bitcoin because of my interest in Bittorrent and the pirate bay. Like, when I was using Bittorrent, which was just a peer to peer file sharing system, I was interested to see, okay, like, we can have decentralized file sharing. What else can be decentralized? So even before bitcoin, people were trying to decentralize all kinds of things. Like, people were trying to create, like, a decentralized domain name system because they were worried that the Pirate Bay domain name would get shut down by Icann, for example. They were trying to create decentralized social media because they were like, Facebook would censor stuff. During the Arab Spring, for example, governments would try to censor that kind of thing. So when bitcoin came around, that was kind of like, naturally piqued my interest. And our hacker group accepted bitcoin donations at the time. So that was kind of my first experience with bitcoin. And it was also the case that, for example, WikiLeaks accepted donations in bitcoin because they were blocked by Visa, Mastercard. So they had to use bitcoin to accept donations. So that kind of, like, that's when I. So I first learned around bitcoin in 2000, 920 ten. And that's when I kind of started following it. But then I was arrested in 2011 and I couldn't. I was not allowed to use Internet, according to my belt conditions, for two years. So then I kind of, like, came back online in 2013, and I started following the space more closely in terms of the scalability debates, because at the time, there was this 1 mb block size limit, and I was kind of worried. I was very into bitcoin. So I was like, okay, at the time, the main narrative was, let's make bitcoin accepted everywhere for payments and retailers. Even Microsoft started accepting bitcoin for payments, and different companies were experimenting with it. But then I was worried, okay, there's this 1 mb box size in it. What happens if it gets hit? So I started discussing this in these core developer chat rooms, and people weren't really worried about it. But then in 2013, the block size limit did actually get hit. And there was this huge internal war within the bitcoin community about whether we should increase the block size or keep the block size small, but scale with payment channels. And I was kind of very much on the side of increasing the block size. But the reason why they didn't want to increase the block size is because they thought it would make it more expensive to verify the chain, or for end users to run a full node to verify the chain, which kind of defeats the whole decentralized nature of bitcoin. But in the bitcoin whitepaper, Satoshi mentions this idea of fraud proofs, or what he calls alerts, which is the idea that a end user running like a wallet on their phone, if even though they're not verifying every transaction in the chain, they could be alerted to an invalid block by a full node that has detected invalid block. But this was like a very nascent idea that wasn't fully fleshed out, and there was problems to it, including the data availability problem. Then I decided to focus a lot on layer one scaling, and how do we square this dilemma between decentralization and scale scalability?
Speaker B: Wait, and so what year was that?
Speaker C: So this was like 2013, 2014, when we started hitting the block size limit. And then in 2016, I started doing a PhD at UCL, focusing on layer one scaling.
Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, because in my head, at least the, the block size wars didn't get settled until 2017 with, like, bitcoin cash. And even now, sometimes they still flare up again in case of. I don't know, some of you might notice that. But I guess at that point, that brings us to Celestia. So how did you go from that point to founding Celestia?
Speaker C: Yeah. So the current, like, the current approach or coherent thinking around how we should scale layer ones, especially within the Ethereum community around 2016, 2017, was mainly centered around this idea of sharding the chain. So the idea of sharding is like, you have a layer one chain, but can we split up that chain into multiple chains that each have their own values that can process transactions in parallel? And this was like what the original Ethereum 2.0 vision was. It was going to have, like, 1024 shards. And I co authored the first smart contract sharding paper called Chainspace during my time at UCL. And that was that. And that was kind of span out into a company that was acqui hired by Facebook. But when I was working on this, to me, there was like the, there was a massive missing pieces of puzzle to making sharding work. And this is also known in Ethereum community. And that piece of the puzzle was, how do you protect yourself? Or how does the network protect itself from malicious shards? Because when you're sharding the chain, you're also sharding the security of the chain to all these shards. So, like, if you split up the chain into ten chains, you're also kind of splitting up the security of the chain into ten chains in some way. So you can't assume that every shard is like, what happens if one of those shards is dishonest and starts kind of infecting invalid estate to all their shards. So the essential kind of, like, missing piece of the puzzle was a way to detect that shards were misbehaving. And that would basically, you would use fraud proof to do that, which is the idea that Satoshi mentioned in his white paper when he, when he released it in 2008, this idea of alerts. But the problem with fraud proof, fraud proofs or alerts is that you can't, if the malicious shard does not publish the data in that shard, then you can't prove that anything bad happened. You can't generate a fraud proof. So the missing piece of the puzzle was this data availability problem to make the whole system secure. So then I kind of started researching it, and I saw that Vitalik had done some thinking around that and had a note on GitHub to how that can be solved. And I started chatting with him and kind of realized that this was actually a fundamental, I was surprised that no one was talking, people weren't talking about it more because it was such a, it's like, it's like such a fundamental element to blockchain scaling. And I co authored a paper with Vitalik on how to implement this and proving its security. And basic idea is that you can, you can have data availability proofs to prove to other shards or to users that data is available. But then I kind of realized that data availability is actually the core primitive for blockchain. So at the time, people were thinking about blockchain scalability from a top down perspective, like, okay, we have shards and how do you make them secure? But then at the bottom of the entire stack is data availability. So then I started thinking about it from the bottom. If you start from that, what do you get? Because it turns out that the core thing that blockchain does is just a proof of publication. It's a proof of publication system, and that's what's mentioned in the bitcoin whitepaper Satoshi introduces. Satoshi doesn't even mention the word blockchain in the white paper. He mentions a timestamping server. He refers to the bitcoin system as a timestamping server where you publish data into it. So the core primitive of all of these things is this proof of publication system. And it turns out that if you scale that, that's all you need, and that's indeed the primitive to all roll ups. And so that's when I kind of started lazy ledger. I wrote a paper about lazy Ledger, which is what Celestia now is, which is basically a blockchain that is lazy in the sense that it only does the core things that Leone does, which is just published data and have consensus over that data. And that's what Celestia is. And it turns out if you just have that as a core primitive and scale it, then anyone can build anything on top of it.
Speaker A: Polkadot is the original and largest layer zero blockchain. With over 2000 plus developers, the anticipated Polkadot 2.0 upgrade will be a massive accelerator for the ecosystem. Upgrading the infrastructure with eight times higher transaction throughput and twice as fast block times, tailored core time for the needs of every protocol. Trustless bridges to multiple chains, and revised tokenomics with a token burn to reduce inflation. Perfect for Gamefi and defi to build, grow and scale. Get your web three ideas to market fast. Think big, build bigger with Polkadot. Join the community@polkadot.net. dot Playfi uses cutting edge AI and blockchain technology to transform content into real time data. Their AI agents watch games, live streams, sports and more, converting terabytes of video into actionable on chain data, helping studios, brands and creators find new ways to engage and monetize whatever the world is watching and playing. Discover more about Playfis upcoming node license sale, launching the worlds first decentralized network for mass market content. Visit Playfi AI to learn more.
Speaker B: Yeah, I love how the two core pieces, one comes from Satoshi and the other from Vitalik, which is sort of a metaphor for crypto today generally. So we're going to talk more about celestia. But before we go on a little bit further, can you just define, I'm sure a lot of people know, but just to level what data availability sampling is.
Speaker C: Sure. I mean, why don't I start with data availability? As I mentioned, it's the core primitive for what a blockchain does. All a blockchain does is it's just basically a system that proves that some data had been published, and it tells you when that data has been published. So if you know that some data has been published and you know when that data has been published, then you can build, you basically have a ledger in which you can build any decentralized application on top, including applications like cryptocurrency or payments. But what data availability sampling does is it allows users to verify that the data has actually been published without requiring users to actually download all the data themselves. Because if going back to this bitcoin block size war, remember that the whole reason why the bitcoin community did not want to increase the block size over 1 mb is because they were worried that if you make the blocks too big, then the only people that would run that would be able to verify the chain are like big, big players who have access to data centers and big hardware. And if that's the case, then that kind of defeats the whole point of blockchains, because then you have to trust the miners, you have to trust the validators. If no one can verify the chain, then the miners basically have the freedom to change the rules of the chain, to print money, to change people's balances, for example. And the whole point of a blockchain is that you're not supposed to rely on any committee to enforce the protocol rules. It's like the end user who's running verifying the chain directly should be able to enforce the protocols. So what data availability sampling allows you to do is it allows you to basically very efficiently, end user can very efficiently check that the data has been published without them having to download the whole data, which basically circumvents this original problem that bitcoin community had with increasing block size, because now you can increase the block size without damaging the ability for end users to actually verify that the chain is correct. Because now they can check the data is published, and if they know that the data is published, they know that someone can generate a fraud proof or prove that something bad happened on chain if the validators were dishonest.
Speaker B: And so Celestia finally launched last fall. What do you feel has been going well? And what have you been surprised by?
Speaker C: Yeah, so we launched October 31, on Halloween, and I think there's definitely been a massive expansion. I think I've definitely been surprised by the amount of product market fit we've had, because when we launched, there were no chains at all that had the ability to support data blobs. This was before EIP 444. So once the DesC launched, there was this extremely pressing need in the industry that we just needed a place for these roll ups to post data blobs cheaply. And so now we've seen kind of like, an influx of roll ups. Post the date at Celestia, there's something like 20 RP stack chains posting the data, Celestia right now, and many more in the pipeline. So there's this kind of, like, extreme, kind of like, product market fit. And so I think that's kind of, that's going well, especially with, like, I always kind of envisioned two years ago that like, three or even three years ago, my vision when I created Celestia was like, one day you'll be able to go to. To go on some website, and you'll be able to click a button and immediately launch a roll up, your own roll up, which is basically a virtual blockchain. And that's now possible today. And I didn't imagine that would happen that quickly. But now we have many different roll up as a service providers like Caldera, Konjir, and Gelato that all make that possible. And now we're seeing that the default way for developers to deploy decentralized applications is not to use smart contracts on a shared smart contract environment, but to deploy their own roll up using these providers that let you do it in one single click. And if you asked me three years ago if that would happen that quickly, I wouldn't have believed it, but it has.
Speaker B: Wow. Yeah, that is super interesting to me because it goes very much against the idea of the fat protocols thesis, in the sense that that almost assumes that there will just be very few. But I love this idea that there could be many different blockchains. So what is on this lessee roadmap now that you're looking forward to?
Speaker C: Yeah, I think there was a few things that was presented by Ismail earlier today, but the word Mac revolves around three main things. The first thing is this idea of abundant block space. So we want to have 1gb blocks. And this is very important because what we've seen in blockchain in history is that use cases have always been limited by supply of block space. Like, even in bitcoin. I mentioned that bitcoin was used for payments before 2013, and retailers like Microsoft actually stopped accepting bitcoin for payments. So there's actually less, there's actually a period of history where retailers. There was more retailers accepting bitcoin and then they stopped accepting bitcoin. And the reason for that is because there wasn't enough block space and so transaction fees were too high, so it didn't make sense. No one was using bitcoin for payments. So you have this idea where kind of like the early Internet, more bandwidth made different use cases possible. Like YouTube would not be possible today with the average Internet bandwidth or speed that people had in the early two thousands. If you increase block sizes and have more abundant data throughput, it will enable applications and use cases that simply weren't possible before, or no one had imagined before, especially more payments on lower value payments. Like imagine you could stream one micro cent payments. And that was actually possible because we had the block space for it, for example. And so, like, we now that. So the idea is like, we bought block space from the dial up area to the early broadband area, and now as part of the roadmap, we want to bring it to the fiber optic error with 1gb blocks. The other part of the roadmap is to have a widespread adoption of trust minimized light nodes. So, like, instead of wallets connecting to centralize RPC endpoints like infura and alchemy. And this was a massive criticism of web three as it stands today by Moxie Marlinspike, who's the creator of Signal, that you're basically like, what's the point of web three if you're just connecting to decentralized RPC endpoints that tell you what the state of the chain is and you have to trust them? That's how most people interact with web three today. They just interact with inferior alchemy but we want to see a world where you can actually, these wallets are connecting directly to the network, to the p two B network, and verifying the state directly with these light nodes. And we're one step closer to that, because now we have a celestial data availability sampling light node that you can actually run in your browser. And that's a very important first step to making sure that there's light nodes can be embedded within wallets. And finally, the final kind of piece of the puzzle, or part of the roadmap, is this idea where we have abundant block space, but we also want the block space to be frictionless and useful, so developers want access to liquidity. We don't want to have an ecosystem where you have a thousand roll ups and they're all fragmented and it's hard to bridge across them. So as part of that, we have this, we've been working on this concept called ZK accounts, where you basically can have a celestial account controlled by ZK program, and that will basically allow roll ups to bridge directly to Celestia and with each other. So you can think about it as a more generalized version of Polygon's AG layer, in the sense the ZK account itself is not an AG layer, but you can build an AG layer on top of it. So it's this very generalized primitive that could be powerful primitive to use to connect all these roll ups together in a verified way, instead of having so many fragmented roll ups.
Speaker B: And so just explain that a little bit further. So you have the ZK account. And so it sounds like more like a control center and there's more execution in the roll ups, or can you.
Speaker C: Yeah, so it's like the idea is you basically assume that. So you have an account where the funds in the account can be controlled by a ZK program. So you can imagine that you can express any roll up as a ZK program, even if it's an optimistic roll up. You can have ZK fraud proofs, for example. So now basically it means that any rollups can directly have a trust minimized bridge with Celestia. Now that's already possible today with Ethereum, for example. So that's basically making something that's possible with Ethereum now possible with Celestia. But the advantage, but the main difference is because I think Celestia is more suited towards this use case of defragmenting liquidity. Because the reason for that is because one of the reasons for that is because Celestia supports IBC, which means that now, unlike Ethereum roll ups, which only have access to assets within the Ethereum ecosystem. Celestia has a native way to bridge assets outside of the trust zone of Celestia and its roll ups using IBC. So, for example, you have projects like Noble, and you have cycle issuing USDC or Noble, and you have IBC bridge within, from Noble to Celestia to Celestia to that roll up. And so that kind of gives you access to a much wider network of assets, because whereas Ethereum, your liquidity, your trust zone, your native bridging zone, is kind of limited to Ethereum and roll upS, with Celestia, you have Celestia, the roll ups, and also any chain that supports IBC, basically.
Speaker B: Okay. And then there's also this concept, lazy bridging. Is that different?
Speaker C: Yeah. So lazy bridging is kind of like a lifestyle that encompasses GK accounts. And the idea is that users are kind of fed up with this fragmentation, so they just want to be lazy. So it's called lazy for three reasons. The users want to be lazy and also celestial. L one is minimal. And so, like, it's a lazy protocol. And the idea of lazy bridging is that a ZK account combined with technologies like chain abstraction and things like intents, and if you combine all these technologies together like ZK accounts and chain abstraction and intents and cross chain contract calls, then you can basically, and things like aglayas as well, then you can basically have a seamless user experience where the user basically feels they're only interacting with one chain and they don't even know they're interacting with different chains. And they don't have to worry about the security assumptions of all these different chains, because everything is kind of unified in a lazy way. And so that's why it's called lazy bridging.
Speaker B: And so when Celestia achieves its vision, then kind of like, what will that overall user experience be? Like? Part of it will be lazy.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, the user experience should be like you're interacting with one chain, you open your wallet, you see all the assets you have, even if those assets are across many different chain. Let's say you have assets on ten different chains. You want to use those assets to minus NFT on some other chain. You just don't have to care what assets those chains are on. You just care about the end user actions. The chains should be completely abstracted to the user. Similar to how if you use the web today and using different websites on the web, the user has no idea what infrastructure those websites are using. They don't know if they're using Amazon AWS or Google Cloud. The idea is to achieve a similar experience with web three, such that the only thing that the user sees is a wallet. And they see assets in that wallet, but they don't need to care about which chain those assets are hosted, or they don't have to care about bridging those assets through some canonical bridge and performing multiple transactions and make sure they have liquidity and so on and so forth to perform different actions that they want to do on chain.
Speaker B: And so when you kind of tie together everything that you've done with computers since you were six or seven or eight, if you think about kind of like the different principles that led you originally to do the hacktivism and then why you got into bitcoin, like, ultimately, what do you think it is that people will be able to do with DeFi or with crypto once all this is built?
Speaker C: I mean, ultimately, I just want to see a return to the decentralized web. Because in the late nineties, there wasn't big tech companies like Google, Facebook, or Twitter. Like in the early two thousands and late nineties, people were using people hosted their own blogs, people had the bulletin boards, people had peer to peer connection. Even Skype was peer to peer. Like Skype, you just have, you just connect directly to someone's ip address, people using IRC. So I want to. That was kind of like a Internet that a lot of people miss. And now we have this very centralized Internet controlled by three or four big companies like Facebook and Twitter and Google. So we've seen the pendulum swing before between decentralization and centralization. And now we're starting to see the pendulum swinging back from centralization to decentralization. And I think abundant, having abundant block space is vital to ensure that pendulum actually swings back. And so the default way for people to develop applications is to simply deploy them on a blockchain instead of being forced to create, to insert themselves as intermediaries, because that's the only technology available. Like, it should be seamless to just create these services like Uber, Airbnb, or even social media by just deploying them on a blockchain with no intermediaries then.
Speaker B: So for users, like right now, we pay Uber to take our rides, or we give our data to Facebook or Twitter, and then they run ads against it. So that's the current web. And so we'll probably do very similar activities, but in a different way. So what will that look like?
Speaker C: Well, it will look like you can have private payments where you can pay people directly without requiring visa, Mastercard, or PayPal, have access to entire transaction history. For example, you can trade assets, whether it's meme coins or actual assets that are backed by some value without having to sign up to Robinhood and having them cancel your buy button because it wasn't in their interests. People can create their own social communities, whether using platforms like forecaster and moderate their own social communities, without having to be holden by some global set of community rules imposed by Facebook or Twitter, or some algorithm imposed by Facebook and Twitter, for example.
Speaker B: Okay, well, is there anything else about Celestia or about the modular stack that you would like to talk about?
Speaker C: I think that covers it very well, but maybe people have questions. Can you talk more about the connection between ZK accounts and the agular which you mentioned? Yeah, I think you can kind of think of ZK accounts as a more generalized version or a primitive, lower level primitive than AG layer that you can build an AG layer on top of ZK account, because a ZK account is basically just a normal blockchain account that's controlled by a ZK program, and you can have multiple layers of ZK recursion on top of that ZK account. So it's basically, you can basically think the same way that Ethereum La one is a primitive that can be used to create an AG layer. ZK accounts are also a very general primitive that can be used to create an Ag layer. So can chains like settle and Celestia after that. Well, I mean, settlement is a loaded term. Like, we kind of like, you can argue settlement, but the way that we're looking at it is nothing. As in, like, we're not trying to pitch Celestia as some global sellers there that competes with Ethereum. The way that we're looking at it is like developers have this need that they want to be able to have access to liquidity and have access to assets, and we're basically providing a basic kind of functionality or basic improvement to fulfill that need. But it's not the case that, like, Celestia Solomon there, in the sense that Celestia will not have a dex, will not have a uniswap. So it's not like you're at your bridging. It's not like you're like it's way more. Way more limited than Ethereum. It's more likely the settlement layer will be, will be something on top of Celestia using a ZK account, if that makes sense. Yeah. Thank you. Two quick questions. First one, how many light nodes are enough. And the second is what's the rough.
Speaker B: Timeline for ZK accounts?
Speaker C: How many light nodes are enough? Well, I mean the ambitious target is 1 billion light nodes. I mean it seems, it might not be, it seems very ambitious, unrealistic. But if we have like this, if you have a billion browsers and if light nodes are so resource non intensive that the idea is that users can just run them, that your wallet will automatically embed a light node without you even knowing it, then I think that is possible. There's probably a billion connections to infuria. Let's just replace those with light nodes. And having hundreds of millions or billion light nodes is feasible. In terms of second question, when the timeline for ZK counts, I would say something. I would say it's hard to say because it's ultimately dependent on a decentralized governance process. There's currently a working group, celestial improvement proposed working group to add ZK accounts to the base layer. But I would probably guess somewhere by the end of the year.
Speaker D: I wanted to ask also like something related to ZK accounts. So essentially it feels like that ZK accounts not turn like, but add like a ZK like verification functionality. Like to Celeste, what do you think.
Speaker C: About also.
Speaker D: Using like Celeste as for like approval markets? So that's you like because like essentially, right. So this like temporary storing function is very good fit for premium markets because they only need to store the large flu for a short period of time and it sort of adds another value. And now you go from modular to integrated little if you can put.
Speaker C: So thanks. Is the question more like can you do a proven marketing on celestial?
Speaker D: Yes, can you do that? And second, what do you think about it? Is it a good idea in general or. It's makes no sense.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, I guess you could build a proof of market or celestia, but I think more importantly that Celestia will heavily depend on proven markets. I think proven markets are very important piece of the puzzle to making ZK accounts kind of like widely adopted because as we know, like proving ZK programs is very expensive. But I think teams like Succintental and risk zero are doing good work there in terms of creating marketplaces or providing proving services to people that need them. If sort of the whole technical roadmap of celestia, everything falls into place, what sort of the next points that are. Oh, that's a friction point or this worries me. This needs more attention. Is there anything on your mind? I guess the roadmap I propose is very high level, like 1gb blocks. It's kind of hard to say. Like, it's such a high level roadmap. That's kind of hard to predict what the prediction point, the friction points will be after that already. But I would say, like, if you're trying to think ahead, I think, like, Zach from Aztec made some really good points about this. It's like, how will people, if crypto is widely adopted, how will people look back at us in 2030 years and think of us? Will they think positively of us or negatively of us? And there's a very likely impossible route. Well, where they will think negatively of us because we're just going to end up in this hellscape where we've created a worse financial system than visa, Mastercard because there's no privacy. So it's like everything is on chain, there's no payment, privacy, and it's just a hyper financialized ecosystem where people have nostalgia to what we have now, whereas just more cache based. You can use cash. So I think if we don't carefully think about what the true values of web three are and try to build according to those values, making sure that we do care about privacy, we do embed privacy into the systems like teams like Penumbra and Aztec have been doing that. We don't enshrine powerful interests and that's why trust minimized light nodes are important. We don't have governance systems that are plutocratic where it's just the token holders decides what goes. I think it's important to stick to those values so that we're not looked on negatively in 2030 years because crypto and blockchains, it's not a good or bad technology. Technology is neutral. Blockchains can be used for bad. And dictators have wanted to use blockchains to create their own coins in their own countries.
Speaker B: Okay, well, I guess we're ending on a bleak note, but this was actually a really engaging, wonderful talk. Thank you all so much for coming.
Speaker C: Thank you.
Speaker A: I hope you enjoyed my conversation with Mustafa. Don't forget. Next up is the weekly news recap today presented by Wondercraft AI. Stick around for this week in crypto after this short break. Did you know you can buy and sell crypto with tax benefits in an individual retirement account or IRA? ITrust capital makes this possible. But what does this mean? When you buy crypto outside an IRA, like on an exchange, you face taxes on gains, but in a Roth IRA, gains would be tax free. ItrustCapital also has the lowest fees in the industry and 24/7 accessibility start now and maximize your retirement savings with itrust capital.
Speaker E: Welcome to this week's crypto roundup. In today's recap, we cover the SEC ending its stablecoin probe Celsius suing users over withdrawals, polychain's accusations against a former partner, new Senate crypto legislation Solana's fire dancer milestone Starkware's staking proposal, Aave's criticism of Makerdao, a cambodian crypto scam BlackRock's Beetle fund milestone bonk reclaiming its meme coin spot and the GOP's new pro crypto platform. Thanks for tuning in to the weekly news recap. Let's begin SECN's stablecoin probe marking a win for the crypto industry the securities and Exchange Commission ended its investigation into New York based stablecoin issuer Paxos, marking a significant win for the crypto industry. Fortune reported that the SEC's acting chief of the crypto assets and cyber unit, Jorge Tenreiro, informed Paxos that no enforcement action would be recommended, citing a letter shared with the news outlet. This decision comes over a year after Paxos received a wells notice regarding its dollar backed BUSD stablecoin, which was issued in partnership with Binance. This development follows the SEC's recent partial defeat in a lawsuit against binance, with a federal judge dismissing a charge that stated sales of BUSD were a securities offering. Paxos head of strategy, Walter Hessert expressed relief, noting that the end of the investigation should provide the stablecoin market with more certainty. In the US. Celsius Seuss users who made large withdrawals pre bankruptcy bankrupt crypto lender Celsius initiated lawsuits against thousands of creditors who withdrew over $100,000 from the platform shortly before it declared bankruptcy on July 1. Celsius litigation administrator filed these complaints in the us bankruptcy court for the Southern District of New York, targeting funds that were transferred out within the 90 days preceding Celsius's chapter eleven filing. Litigation administrator Mohsin Megji stated that those who withdrew funds before the bankruptcy unfairly benefited at the expense of other account holders. Previously, Celsius settled with 1500 account holders, recovering $100 million from those with preference liabilities. The litigation oversight committee emphasized that non settling account holders should expect aggressive efforts to reclaim the full value of their withdrawals. An account holder known as medics Zero criticized the lawsuit, noting that Celsius is seeking recovery based on current cryptocurrency values, not the values at the time of the withdrawals. In 2022, Delphi Labs general counsel Gabriel Shapiro commented, gotta love the way these crypto bankruptcies are shaping up. Money they owe you is priced at market bottoms. Money you fake owe them is priced at market tops. Unfettered bullshit, I tell you. Celsius, which once managed over $20 billion in assets from 1.7 million users, faced significant challenges following the collapse of the terra ecosystem. The company froze withdrawals in June 2022 and filed for bankruptcy in July, citing liquidity issues. Polychain accuses ex partner of secret deal with portfolio company Coindesk reported that Polychain Capital has accused its former general partner Niraj Pont of making an undisclosed deal with its portfolio company Eclipse Labs, which violated the firm's policies. Former Eclipse CEO Neal Simani allegedly allocated Pant 5% of eclipse tokens, later reduced to 1.33%, as an incentive for securing Polychain's investment. Pant confirmed he received advisor tokens but claimed the deal was finalized post investment. Polychain, however, states they were unaware of this financial relationship until after Pants departure. Despite this, Polychain's investment in Eclipse has reportedly increased in value tenfold since 2022. Vijay Chetty, the current CEO of Eclipse Labs, who stepped in after its former CEO was accused of sexual harassment by multiple individuals, wrote on X Eclipse Labs history has been messy. I stepped up as CEO to clean up this company and chart us on a new path forward. Somani has denied the harassment allegations. Senate crypto hearing spurs legislative push Unchained reported on Monday that an upcoming Senate agriculture committee hearing could signal a democratic push to engage crypto voters on Wednesday. During this hearing, committee chairwoman Debbie Stabenow indicated her intent to share the language of a new crypto bill with fellow members by the end of the week. This proposed legislation aims to grant the Commodity Futures Trading Commission regulatory authority over digital commodities. Stabenow emphasized the need for clear regulations to foster innovation while protecting consumers from bad actors in the crypto market. She highlighted the urgency of establishing comprehensive federal legislation, noting that global counterparts have already recognized the importance of such measures. Committee ranking member John Boozman has collaborated with Stabenow, but expressed concerns about stakeholder support for the bill as it currently stands. The proposed legislation seeks to ensure crypto firms hold sufficient capital reserves, maintain strict cybersecurity standards, and provide accurate information to retail customers. Additionally, it aims to secure permanent funding for the CFTC to oversee the digital commodity market. Trump's GOP platform pledges to halt crypto crackdown it's not only Democrats who are making a push for crypto voters. The Republican National Committee has officially adopted a platform that aims to support cryptocurrency innovation. The document, reflecting former US President Donald Trump's increasing interest in digital assets, pledges to end the Democrats quote unlawful and un american crypto crackdown, end quote, and oppose the creation of a central bank digital currency. It also defends the right to mine bitcoin and self custody digital assets. Trump, who has launched several branded NFT sets and accepts crypto donations, has reversed his previous skepticism towards cryptocurrency and is now showing strong support for the sector. He is set to speak at the bitcoin 2024 conference in Nashville later this month. Starkware proposes incremental staking plan for Starknet Starkware announced a phased approach to introducing staking for its layer two network Starknet, on Wednesday. The company submitted the Starknet net improvement proposal to the network's GitHub page, outlining plans to enhance network resilience and decentralization. In the initial stage, stakers will run a full node, interact with staking smart contracts and adhere to Starkware's rules. The process will require community approval through a governance vote, as stated by Starkware spokesperson Nathan Jaffe. Future stages will demand additional validating software for sequencing and proving activities. Starkware aims to balance economic incentives while maintaining a sustainable inflation rate. Staking rewards will adjust dynamically based on the amount of Stark locked since its February debut at $1.95, Starc has dropped nearly 70% to $0.59 with a market cap of $762 million. Aave Dao criticizes Makerdao over spark profit sharing deal tensions have arisen between Defi giants Aave and Makerdao regarding a profit sharing agreement for the Sparklend protocol. Mark Zeller, founder of Ave Chan Initiative, accused Makerdao of creative accounting that reduces Ave's profit share from the agreed 10% to around 1%. Sparklend, a fork of Ave v three, generated $42 million in revenue over the past year, according to Masari. Despite Spark's total value locked reaching $2.8 billion, Aave claims they are underpaid. Avidao is currently voting on three options to resolve the situation, declaring Spark in breach of agreement, approving new terms or maintaining the current arrangement. Makerdao founder Roon Christensen expressed disappointment over the contentious reset of the relationship. Cambodian ruling family linked to $11 billion crypto scam a firm linked to Cambodia's ruling family is allegedly running an $11 billion crypto scam operation, according to Elliptic. The blockchain analytics firm alleges that Huioni guarantee, an online marketplace, facilitates crypto scams and money laundering services. Elliptic revealed that Hyun Toh, the nephew of Cambodias prime minister Hun mane, is a director for one of Huionis units connected to these illicit activities. Since 2021, Huioni associated crypto wallets have received over $11 billion. The firm operates various services, including a payments app called Huyonipay. Elliptic's report suggests that the majority of transactions on Huioni guarantee are tied to illegal activities, including money laundering and fraud. Solana's Firedancer builds first testnet block on Wednesday jump Crypto's Firedancer, a high performance validator client for Solana, successfully built its first block on the Solana testnet under development since 2022. Firedancer aims to boost Solana's transaction processing capabilities with its implementation of the C programming language and sharding support. Helios Lab CEO Mert Mumtaz praised Firedancer as one of the most performant pieces of open source software ever created. Solana has relied on a single validator client until now. Unlike Ethereum, which has multiple the addition of Firedancer enhances Solana's security and decentralization. Firedancer promises significant advancements over Solana's current throughput of around 3000 tps. Bonk reclaims top Solana meme coin spot from WiF Bonk has overtaken YF to become the most valuable meme coin in the Solana ecosystem. In the past week, Bonk's price surged by 20%, boosting its market cap to $1.73 billion, while YF's value dropped by 11.2%, reducing its market cap to $1.63 billion. Despite having similar market caps, bonk boasts 741,352 holders compared to WF's 163,683, according to Soul scan. Bonk Dow is currently voting to burn nearly $2.2 million worth of Bonk, a move expected to drive up the value of the remaining tokens. Together, bonk and wife account for about 7.6% of the total meme coin market captain, which stands at nearly $3.4 billion. BlackRock's Beetle fund reaches 500 million milestone BlackRock's tokenized Treasury fund Beetle achieved a market value of over $500 million on Tuesday, becoming the first fund of its kind to surpass the half billion dollar mark launched in March on the Ethereum blockchain. Through a partnership with securitized markets, Beidle offers institutional investors yields on tokenized us treasuries. The tokenized treasury market has grown significantly, reaching a total value of $1.8 billion this year. BlackRock's beetle fund is among the six real world asset products that Arbitrum Dow voted to invest $25 million worth of ARB tokens into to diversify its treasury. In related news, Wall street titan Goldman Sachs will launch three tokenization projects by the end of the year, according to Matthew McDermott, Goldman Sachs global head of digital assets. These initiatives will focus on issuing real world assets on blockchains, marking a significant expansion in the bank's crypto offerings. Time for fun bits Worldcoin's billion user dream falls 994 million short worldcoin set an ambitious goal of onboarding 1 billion users by 2023, but fell short by a mere 994 million as of July 2024. They verified 6 million users. At this rate, they'll need to scan the eyes of 2734 people daily to hit their goal by 2026. No pressure, right? Founded by OpenAI's Sam Altman, Worldcoin is facing an Orb shortage with only 300 to 500 orbs in action. They claim to have 2000 orbs, but even then, each orb needs to scan 700 people daily to make it happen. Despite their grand plans, global restrictions and curious investigations are slowing things down. But hey, at least operations are back on in Kenya and South Korea. Keep those orbs rolling. World coin and that's all. Thanks so much for joining us today. If you enjoyed this recap, go to unchainedcrypto dot substack.com comma, that is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com and sign up for our free newsletter so that you can stay up to date with the latest in crypto. Unchained is produced by Laura Shin with help from Matt Pilchard, Juan Aranovic, Megan Gavis, Pam Majumdar, and Margaret Couria. The weekly recap was written by Juan Aronovich and edited by Kari McMahon. Thanks for listening.
Speaker A: Unchained is now a part of the Coindesk podcast Network. For the latest in digital assets, check out markets daily five days a week with host Noel Atchison. Follow the Coindesk podcast Network for some of the best shows in crypto.
