Speaker A: One thing that was a big moment for me. This happened probably about ten years ago, but I was thinking about bitcoin as this sort of abstract incentive machine that people get plugged into and that the bitcoin network or ethereum network, they're operated by machines, but ultimately these systems control humans. They manipulate humans incentives to drive humans to like work for them. And I had a big moment where I realized, wait a second, you got wrapped into this, like, I work for bitcoin. Like I'm the guy who got wrapped into this incentive mechanism and now work for this thing.
Speaker B: Hi everyone. Welcome to Unchained, your no hype resource for all things crypto. Laura, I'm your host Laura Shin, author of the Cryptopians. I started covering crypto eight years ago, and as a senior editor, Forbes was the first mainstream media reporter to cover cryptocurrency full time. This is the January 23, 2024 episode of Unchained. Streamline your defi with Vaultcraft, the ultimate on chain toolkit for deploying custom automated DeFi products on any EVM chain. Join vault Crafts referral program, unite with the community and supercharge your crypto details on Vaultcraft IO hey unchained listeners, as you know, its hard keeping up with the fast paced world of crypto, so weve got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. youll get the latest crypto news and original articles from our reporters, as well as summaries of other happenings and bullet points. Plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. Its still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot.
Speaker C: This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling wherever you sell. With Shopify, youll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps, and powerful analytics used by the worlds leading brands. Sign up today for your $1 per month trial period@shopify.com. tech all lowercase, that's Shopify.com tech.
Speaker D: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing Mint mobile Unlimited premium wireless everybody.
Speaker A: Get 30 30, better get 30, baby get 20.
Speaker C: 2020, baby get 2020 better get 15.
Speaker D: 1515 just $15 a month, so give it a try@mintmobile.com.
Speaker C: Switch $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time Unlimited, more than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker B: Today's guest is Olaf Carlson. We founder and CIO of Polychain Capital. Welcome, Olaf.
Speaker A: Hey, Laura, thanks for having me.
Speaker B: Excited to see you again. I think you may be the only guest of mine to live through every single bubble in crypto. You live through a tiny bubble from single digits up to $30 in June 2012. You live through bitcoin's first bubble past $100, its first bubble past $1,000. The ICO craze of 2017, the DeFi summer of 2020, NFT Mania 2021. And now we're recording as spot bitcoin ETF's around the precipice of being launched here in the US. So for listeners, this episode will come out later. So they'll already have launched, but obviously we're in the situation where prices are up, volume is up, the halving is coming up, and it basically looks like we're on the verge of another bull run. So what do you think this particular bull market will be about?
Speaker A: That's a great question. So, in a way, one thing that's interesting to me is how much my general thesis has actually not changed since 2011, which is that this is sort of an incentive vortex that takes over. And eventually we all sort of work for these autonomous protocols. It's very similar to the way you sort of work for dollars or whatever currency from the day you're born. And you never really think that much about the fact that you're plugged into that system. It's just sort of like in the background, you take it for granted that you go to school, you go to university, you get a job, and it's sort of all working for this big imaginary system. So I think, in a way, not that much has changed. And it's sort of this center spine of this whole thing that will never change, which is just sort of, it's like a vortex for the world's time and capital. Now, for this particular sort of moment in crypto, I think that a lot of the infrastructure around smart contracts, these namely are projects like Arbitrum and other layer two systems on Ethereum, systems that have been hardened like Solana and then systems like Celestia Eigen layer that are a little bit more dev tool oriented, but unlock the ability to do new types of applications. I think that those novel apps are going to always, they've always been a big part of each one of these cycles is sort of this unlock that gets invented very quietly when nobody cares about this market, and then you sort of see it shine in applications during the intensity of this bull market cycle. And so we saw this, like, in 2012 kind of bear market. You saw things like Coinbase launch that enabled people to interact with these systems without using the command line on their computer. Then in 2015, bear Market, you saw Ethereum launch and the first primitive crowdfunding, smart contracts, things like that. 2019 bear Market, you saw DeFi and nfts. And then this bear market, I think, is a lot of this more scalable infrastructure that's really going to unlock new types of applications. I think particularly things like crypto social, or crypto enabled video games and things like that that are a bit more consumer oriented and financial in nature, but not sort of as explicitly financial as, say, a bitcoin, where you just sort of buy it and hold it as an investment vehicle instead. It's sort of a backbone of financial incentive that sits underneath the existing mechanics of like, a social media application, or it sits beneath the existing logic of a video game. Right. So I expect that to be a big theme here is, okay, it turns out all that stuff that people that I invest with were building, turns out it all matters. And it's useful, even though it sounds a bit abstract. It's like early ethereum, you hear, okay, we're going to take this turing complete virtual machine and embed it in the blockchain. It sounds like nonsense or just technobabble. It turns out that that's actually a really big deal and enables lots of new ways to use this stuff that people didn't know about, but it sort of does have to get invented one day. So I think these inventions are going to play a big role in this cycle, and I do think we're going into this kind of election year, and there's just going to be a little bit more of a very public narrative. Previously these cycles, 2021 was the first bull market that was sort of public in a sense. I think this one will be very public. All the previous ones were pretty much limited to the folks inside crypto.
Speaker B: Yeah. And I definitely want to dig in more on the social fi and gaming questions, but we'll go through, I guess, lower layers of the tech stack before we get up to applications. But I also did want to ask you about bitcoin because obviously the way you got into this whole thing was through bitcoin. You discovered that when you were in college, you wrote part of your college thesis on it. And so you and I are recording right before the launch. Obviously this will come out after. But what are your thoughts as you see that spot? Bitcoin ETF's are about to launch in the us. In what ways do you think the moment is significant and in what ways do you think it's not significant?
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, I think it's significant in a very similar way that the coinbase launch was significant for bitcoin a long time ago. It just makes it easier. It doesnt really invent a new thing per se. Right. But it just makes it easier for regular people to get involved in this and invest in this. And it turns out thats a very big deal. If you look at what happened to gold after Gold ETF's were created, I expect a very similar trajectory for bitcoin. I think theres a huge number of people that dont want to set up a wallet but do want passive exposure to this whole thing. And a lot of the way theyre going to do that is the way they get exposure to the stock market or bonds or things like that, which is ETF, like instruments that trade on stock exchanges. I do think its a very big deal. Um, in the scheme of like the trajectory of crypto, the way it's not a big deal is that it's just sort of a wrapper, right. It, it's like a wrapper for the underlying thing. It's not really a new invention like the creation of something like ethereum, um, or some of these more fundamental low level technologies that I mentioned to me is like a much bigger long term deal, right. Because it enables people to use these things in ways that we couldn't imagine before. We all know what's going to happen with the ETF and it's not like the ETF is going to enable stuff that I could have never thought of ten years from now. It's like, whoa, can you imagine how people are using the ETF? It's just an investment wrapper that allows regular people to have easier access. But I don't mean to say it's not a big deal. I think it's a very big deal. And I agree with you that it feels broadly like 2024 is going to be a very good year for crypto.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. Your team sent my team some recent remarks you made at your lp day and one of your quotes was, most criticisms of crypto are actually criticisms of property, money, and markets. What did you mean by that?
Speaker A: So, when I said earlier, you're born into this system that ends up sort of guiding most of the big decisions of your life, like school and a job and where you live. There's this backbone thing that's like capitalism and the concept of money that you sort of are born into and work for, right? So you sort of, like, work for money. But I think it's very rare that people ask the question, like, wait, what the heck is this? You know, that'll be a $100. It's like, a hundred what? And, like, I work, you know, so much for $20 an hour, and it's like, 20 what? An hour? Like, what's going on? You know, and I think that it's funny that it's sort of this. It's so central to the backbone of the fabric of our. Of our society that nobody asks about it because it's so. It's so present that it's almost invisible. It's like a fish swimming in water, right? It doesn't think that it's wet. It's just like, this is just life right? Now. When people criticize cryptocurrency, I think mostly what they're really criticizing is these systems of capitalism. Private property, money, and markets. They'll say crypto is fake and made up, right? And I'm like, yeah, so is whatever other system we have out there. Money is not something you can look at under a microscope, right? It's not, like, a physics based thing. It's a sociological thing that only emerges in the interaction between different people. Like, if you're the wealthiest person on earth, but everyone else on earth disappears, you have nothing. Money is only useful in a social context relative to other people. And this sort of fake and made up feeling, um, of crypto, I. I think, is really a reflection that you're inside this fake and made up system as it is. You've just never thought about it before. And then, you know, criticisms, like, well, there's. There's inequality in crypto. Like, there's. There's these whales that own. It's these whales, like olaf own so much crypto, and it's like, yeah. Do you know how dollars work? Like, there's, like, these whales that control these things and have a lot more than other people. You know, we can try to make equal rules, but we'll never have equal outcomes, because people are different, right? They have different abilities. So you're never going to have sort of equal outcomes. I think it's just a fantasy. And the criticisms there of crypto are, again, really criticisms of money markets and capitalism, but people just never thought about it all before. And so I think most of the negative things people say about crypto, they are just, for the first time ever, taking a first principled approach to thinking about the system that they're already in. So when people say bitcoin is a pyramid scheme, the people who are in it have an incentive for other people to buy into that imaginary reality. The same is true of private property and the dollar. The people who have a lot of it have a huge shared, a huge collective incentive to make sure everybody else believes in it. So, like, if. If I have a billion dollars, that's only useful if everyone else agrees that I have the billion dollars and that that billion dollars can be traded for. For things. So I, you know, I think that most of these criticisms, they're, they're not incorrect. It's just that they're not unique to crypto, and people have just never thought about the system they're already embedded in before.
Speaker B: Yeah, I've also faced those kinds of questions and comments, and my most frequent comeback is, for the longest time, seashells like Cal Reshells were used as money, and it's not anything new. This social agreement and fiction around money is just what money is. You also said in your lp day that web three apps are fundamentally different, and it's critical to understand how the architecture bubbles up to the app experience. As a founder, every time web two turns right, turn left. Not just different, the opposite. Can you elaborate on that?
Speaker A: Yes. So, in the context of web two application logic, we are used to building these sort of walled gardens where the logic is limited to inside the application. Right. And the goal is to control that walled garden and extract value from the activities that happen inside it. So if you're inside Facebook or you're inside Instagram, or you're inside TikTok, there's this logic to that application that is decided by the developers of that system, and they monetize all these little interactions. So there's this interesting relationship between creators and fans across every single one of these platforms, where the platform is sitting there being a broker of these interactions and taking a bit of a fee, and there's a lot of jockeying around. What type of fee can they create? How much can they jump in the middle, and how much does that sort of broker of that interaction really provide value between that creator and that fan in the context of web three, the architecture is open source. Anybody can take the underlying social graph and build their own version of the application logic. Just as a basic example, you can take the Twitter follower graph. So who follows who? But then you can build your own feed based on that. So instead of having this one Twitter feed that's sort of determined by Twitter Inc. Or X, I guess you have potentially hundreds of competing different applications that all have their own feed logic based on your follower graph. So the follower graph might be sitting at that sort of blockchain protocol level. And because of that, it's open source and extensible. What that also means is that people can build radically different applications based on that follower graph. So you can take the Twitter follower graph and say, you know what? I'm going to build Instagram based on that graph. And so you already have this experience every once in a while in web two, where you'll log in and it'll say like link your Twitter, right, or link your Instagram. And what they're doing is they're, they're asking through a permissioned API to talk to the Instagram servers and the Twitter servers for permission to grab what is their proprietary data about who you follow and who follows you. And so that they can plug it into their application. In a web three context, everything is open and everything, the way to think about it is it's like Minecraft and modding in video game communities. Like in these communities, people take an architecture of a video game and then they mod it and they create their own version, right? Oh, like modify, yeah, they modify the game and they kind of create their own weird little world. And it's like this open extensible thing. And there was a short time period in web two where these platforms did have like open APIs. But the problem was sometimes people would use those open APIs to build apps that were competitive with that core app. So broadly, nobody really backs companies like this anymore. I think a very famous example of this was Zynga. Zynga built on the Facebook API. They built a very successful business, but then they had issues with Facebook, basically unplugging their access. And all of a sudden Zynga crashes spectacularly. And it's because they are not building on sort of this open system. It's like if you can't build Microsoft on Google, right, and then have Google be able to unplug you, right? Like you're never going to be able to have this like genuinely competitive marketplace when it's all built on dependencies that potential competitors control. So this is sort of the application interface that the end user sees in crypto ends up having dramatically different logic because the underlying infrastructure is different logic. And another example of this that sort of do the opposite. If Satoshi Nakamoto owned 100% of the bitcoin, bitcoin would be worth zero, it would be worth nothing. The only way that they were able to create value for themselves was actually by giving away all the bitcoins, basically. And this is true of tokens that are tied to any sort of crypto app or crypto infrastructure. If the founder and founding team keeps 100% of the tokens, they effectively have nothing. This is not true of a traditional revenue generating business. If Jeff Bezos owns 100% of Amazon shares, it doesn't change that much fundamental logic about like Amazon, the service. Now, in these crypto systems, the underlying sort of quote cap table or ownership structure is very tightly tied with the functioning of that application, right? So if you consider bitcoin the asset part of the functioning of the bitcoin network, it's like if Amazon shares allowed you to buy goods on Amazon, right? There's like interaction between the ownership structure and the application logic itself. And so because of that, to create value for yourself as a crypto founder, if you have this crypto asset, you actually want to dramatically give it away. Like you want to give it away to as many people as you possibly can. And it's the exact opposite logic of building a traditional proprietary revenue generating business, which is like, be very careful about who you let on your cap table. You want to have the least amount of owners possible. It's broadly, I think the advice I would give people in that sense and in the web three sense, it's like give away the token to as many humans on earth as possible. So it's, again, it's sort of this bizarro world, like opposite logic. Like lean into the open source developer community, let them build on top of your application logic, let them compete with your application interface, because ultimately all you're trying to do is make the protocol successful. If you can have thousands of different applications built on top of your protocol, that is going to be what makes it successful. Instead of building this walled garden around the ownership structure, around the application logic, and having things like patents on your software, it's do the opposite every time there's more of a create value by giving it away, which is, it can be tricky for people that are very deeply entrenched in that web two world to understand that logic.
Speaker B: Yeah, there was another quote from the lp day that I really liked. And in a way, this sort of just elaborates, I think, on the same thought. But if you have anything to add, let us know. You said crypto is not about payments like PayPal, Venmo, or Zell are. Crypto is about money, the socially constructed imaginary opt in system we use to define and legitimize who owns what. So I love that, but I don't know if there's anything else you want to add.
Speaker A: I mentioned this a little bit earlier, but it's really this incentive vortex. One thing that was a big moment for me, this happened probably about ten years ago, but I was thinking about bitcoin as this abstract incentive machine that people get plugged into, and that the bitcoin network, or Ethereum network, they're operated by machines, but ultimately these systems control humans. They manipulate humans incentives to drive humans to work for them. And I had a big moment where I realized, wait a second, you got wrapped into this. I work for bitcoin. I'm the guy who got wrapped into this incentive mechanism and now work for this thing. And it's not that like, it. It's not that different, though, than being just born into the traditional old system. And you're just like, working for dollars, right? Like, you never even think about it. It's the fish and water. Like, it's so deeply entrenched in your logic of reality that you never step back to realize you're even in water. And so it was fascinating for me. I was kind of a fish in the bitcoin water, in a sense. And it actually took me a moment to realize, wait a second, I'm one of these people. And eventually it's going to get everyone. It's just going to. Because it's such an elegantly designed incentive system and one that's immutable and no one can change. So it's infallible in a way. And I think it outlives the monies of any nation state, and it's kind of a bet on the Internet instead of nation states as the defining logic of society. And I think it's very clear that's the direction we're going. On a macro scale, broadly, this is a very powerful machine that's beyond what anyone, including the people that have created these things, could have really ever comprehended. And its sort of infinite branch eating, you know, complexity, will eventually pull in everyone, and someday, you know, we'll all new young people will be born, and they'll just be the fish and water with cryptocurrency like, they won't even think about it. Like, why? Why this? It's just going to be there in the background.
Speaker B: Yeah. Honestly, right as you were speaking, I suddenly remembered how we met. Do you remember how we met?
Speaker A: No, I don't remember.
Speaker B: The very first article I ever wrote about you was about how you transacted only in bitcoin.
Speaker A: And yes.
Speaker B: The year that I wrote that was that. 2015.
Speaker A: 2015. I remember that.
Speaker B: And so when you were talking about how you were the guy that got wrapped into, quote unquote, working for bitcoin, I mean, I remember you told me in your. For the article that you were, like, figured out a way to pay your rent in bitcoin. You would always pay friends in bitcoin. Your friends probably are so grateful to you because they're probably, like, so wealthy now from you, like, paying them for pizza and bitcoin or for burritos or whatever. But just remember I asked you pretty much about every aspect of your finances and how you managed to.
Speaker A: Yeah, and a lot of my goal back then, too, was I was very dedicated to making Coinbase work where I was working full time on Coinbase, double full time, I would say, on Coinbase. And I wanted to be a tester for every aspect of the product. Can we do payroll in bitcoin? You know, pay my rent in bitcoin? Can I buy regular stuff in bitcoin? Can I send this to friends? Like, I just wanted to make sure that the product suite, you know, was capable of supporting, like, the full cycle of someone's life, so someone's full financial life. Because my ultimate goal is, you know, I don't mean goal, it's just like, what's going to happen? In my mind, it's not a system that is going to exist alongside of the stuff we have today. It's going to be like that for a long time, and then eventually it replaces it and it's not in. I don't think it's. Anyone can do anything about it. I just think it's already. It's already happening and it's just going to keep happening.
Speaker B: And do you think that transition from them coexisting to it just being crypto, do you think that happens in our lifetimes or not?
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah, I do. I mean, I think I'll be, you know, you know, I think I won't be like, a young man when that happens. But I think that once you get to, like, 50%, it's so clear, you know, that you're going to get to 100% sorry.
Speaker B: What about the fact that male like snail mail and email continue to coexist?
Speaker A: Yeah, but snail mail only continues to exist because of just absolute bullshit reasons like weird regulatory things where like you have to get it delivered or, you know, and it's also just spam. I think that snail mail existing is because of like obscure subsidies. Basically. I think if it was just like it had to compete on its own against email, like, we wouldn't really have it the way we do today.
Speaker B: All right, well, so now we've gone through like a lot of theoretical stuff. We're going to get into some specific things. One thing that I wanted to ask about was just about polychain. It was reported last July that polychain has raised $200 million for its fourth fund, but was targeting a $400 million round. Did you close that round or, you know, or. I don't know if you can talk about that.
Speaker A: I cant really talk about it, but im sure youll hear about it when we have something to announce.
Speaker B: Okay, but could you even talk about sort of what your thesis or strategy would be for?
Speaker A: Well, yeah, im happy to talk about what Im excited to invest in sort of over the next couple of years. I mean, ive been investing in this category since the beginning and I think it continues to be very important, which is just expanding like core low level functionality and scalability. I just don't think that project is done. I think it takes a very long time. It's like getting the Internet from dial up modems to video streaming took a really long time. And I think crypto is no different. I think it's a little faster because we sort of have the Internet to use to get it done faster. But I don't think the project is done. I don't think the tech stack we have today is ready to replicate the needs of the global financial system and global property ownership systems. We're not ready. I think that continues to be a very big category for me. And then I am very intrigued by adding like you have in video games and social media networks and things like that, you have these feedback loops that are non financial that get people to log in and use the thing nobody is really getting paid to. The creators are, in a way, but the regular fans aren't really getting paid to use Instagram or Snapchat or Twitter. Most people are on there for free and they're on there for other reasons. A lot of what I'm excited about is can we add a financial incentive backbone in addition to these application loops? That already exist. So actually you get paid a little bit of a kickback to use Instagram because you're actually providing value for the company and for the creator. But today there's really no elegant mechanism to pay the users to do that. I do think adding this financial backbone to application logic that we already know about could be very explosive. So it's one area that I'm paying attention to. It's still small. I mean, crypto consumer, other than these exchange platforms that are explicitly financial in nature, is still a very small and early market, whereas the infra and scaling side, that's a very established market. So I think we'll continue to be pretty focused on low level protocols and infrastructure like we sort of always have been, but we are sort of creeping up the stack as time goes on.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, crypto just hasn't gotten to that place where, yeah, it really can go mainstream. So in a moment we're going to talk more about scaling choices. But first, a quick word from the sponsors who make this show possible. Defi just got way easier with Vaultcraft, a blockchain infrastructure for building, deploying and monetizing non custodial yield strategies in a few clicks. Forget spending months of R and D capital and human resources when you can now instantly launch your crypto fund with Vaultcraft on any EVM chain. From wallets and institutional service providers to anandgens, Vaultcraft supercharges your crypto assets by enabling instant cross chain yield strategies that you can deploy in 1 minute. Now anyone can supercharge their crypto portfolios with custom tailored defi strategies. Join Vaultcrafts referral program, unite with the community and supercharge your crypto details on Vaultcraft IO.
Speaker D: Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing Mint Mobile Unlimited premium Wireless 20.
Speaker C: 2020 1515 just $15 a month so.
Speaker D: Give it a try at mint mobile.com.
Speaker C: Switch $45 upfront for three months, plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for limited time unlimited more than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot.
Speaker B: Back to my conversation with Olaf. At the moment we have two blockchains that are in a similar space and they've taken very different approaches. It's obviously Ethereum and Solana that I'm talking about. There's also kind of an up and coming contender, Celestia, and that maybe you could say is going to take modularity up a notch. I've heard you say that you think the modular approach makes more sense. You've probably heard some people talk about Solana offering something more akin to an apple like experience. So I just wondered if you could talk a little bit about why it is that you view modular as superior, but what you make of that commentary about Solana offering a better experience.
Speaker A: Yeah, so I think in broad brushstrokes, the modular architecture is better suited for just long term durability. And you have more diversification in the different protocols people are using, the different teams working on those systems. So if you look at, like, call it the Ethereum modular stack, you have core protocol development on Ethereum itself, but you also have all these different teams working on layer two systems. You have teams working on data availability, like Celestia. You have teams working on capital efficiency, like eigen layer. And it's this whole ecosystem of modular components that each compete in their little arena, but all combine to build one stack. And I think it just means that there's less dependence on a single group or person. And architecturally, I think it's just the better way to build software. If you're building software, you don't want this one. When you say monolithic code base in software, that's a bad thing. You don't want this one big piece of software, it to be broken up into smaller components that can be optimized in their own sort of avenue. It's not to say, though, in the short to medium term, I think there's a lot to be said for the simplicity from a user experience perspective of this monolithic approach that you have a solana or a binance chain taking. I don't think it has as nice of security properties for long term scalability. And I think sometimes there are shortcuts that need to be taken to make it work. And I also think just broadly, there's way more dependence on a central dev team or even a single person, which I think just adds fragility to the system. If you look at the whole Ethereum modular stack, I don't really think there's one person that this all rides on at all, including Vitalik. If you look at Solana, I think a lot rides on Anatoly's shoulders and making this work. And just like the core Solana dev team, because it is this monolithic thing that you're depending a little bit more on this team to continue to upgrade and maintain, I do prefer the modular stack as a long term architecture for this whole thing. But I think there's a ton of merit in the short and midterm for user experience in the monolithic approach.
Speaker B: One of the more significant events for Ethereum that's coming up is Eigen layer, and I think that's going to launch sometime in the first half of 2024. If that succeeds, then how do you see that influencing the development of the Ethereum ecosystem? What will that future look like?
Speaker A: Yep. And so to be clear, Eigen layer is live today. Not with, you know, unlimited cap on funds and not with full functionality, but it's, it's like a live on main net thing right now. So the thing that Eigen layer allows is for third party bits of infrastructure or applications to basically plug in to the security afforded by Ethereum. Staking people often call this restaking, where you can, as an Ethereum staker, take your eth that you have staked and say, you know what, I'm going to plug in and stake on this other application and get paid a little yield over there too. Traditionally, to create the kind of security properties of Ethereum, you would have to literally launch a token and get it to the value of Ethereum. Like that's the only way to do it. That's really hard, right? You have to like all that stuff I was talking about, like this social, you know, this kind of imaginary social system that we all sort of opt into. I mean, it's very hard to bootstrap one of those to be worth a trillion dollars. It's really hard now with Eigen layer and restaking application developers that want to secure like an oracle system that feeds data that's not endogenous to the blockchain, into the blockchain, or that want to secure something simple like a trading card game that they have, and they want to make sure that the scarcity of the cards is true and blockchain based. So you don't depend on some third party card maker to enforce scarcity. You can just sort of plug into this security afforded by Ethereum without having to launch your own token and without having to bootstrap the value of that tokenization. So eigenlayer is a great example of something where it is going to enable a ton of new applications. Nobody knows the extent to what all of those will be, just in the way that Ethereum itself enabled so many different types of applications. And nobody who made Ethereum imagined all the myriad of ways it would be used. I think that a system like Eigen layer has very similar properties where it's this fundamental low level unlock, and we just try our best to see as far into the future as we can. But at the end of the day, it's bigger than anyone can reasonably predict.
Speaker B: But you're not talking with different developers or seeing any activity that gives a hint as to what you think.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, I think the early stuff is secure middleware systems. So things like, things like price feeds and things that have historically been really important, like blockchains, don't know the price of the asset natively, which is. It's kind of weird. But like Ethereum, the blockchain, the protocol system, has no idea what the price of Ethereum is relative to other assets. So that data, and any other data, like what happened in the news, who won the election. Blockchain, as a data structure doesn't know any of that stuff. Feeding that data into the blockchain enables this huge suite of applications, but it's really hard because it's an equivalent security property or security problem to finding a valid block and feeding it into the blockchain, which we have. Obviously, a lot of work goes into figuring out how to do that. Right. Things like a data feed, it might sound pretty basic, but it's a really big deal, like being able to have a secure data feed without having to bootstrap your own token. I think right now it's what I would describe as these middleware services. It's like a blockchain SaaS, a lot of this, you know, middleware SaaS software that we saw explode over web two over the past, like, 15 years with the advent of, like, cloud, I think this is. We're going to similarly see, my best guess here is, like a blockchain sass type of ecosystem in the early days.
Speaker B: Yeah, and speaking of that, you've also invested in Celestia, and I think it's, like, potentially competitive with Eigen layer. So how would you compare those two?
Speaker A: Well, so not really. Like, Celestia is a data availability layer. And so it just is. It's kind of a, you know, the original name for Celestia was lazy ledger, and it's lazy because it only does one thing and it does it really well. Right. And it does it in a secure manner. And so I think it's part of the, um, scaling stack, and it similarly, like, unlocks new applications that I think weren't possible before. But it's really like this whole idea of, like, restaking and, you know, shared economic security that's quite unique to eigen layer. So I don't consider those competitive.
Speaker B: Okay. So I do want to ask more about like innovations and where things are going. But I also just have to ask you about the year of 2022 in crypto. Obviously it was just a crazy year. It was terra Luna, Celsius three AC, FTX Voyager, I mean DCG, lots of things happened. And I wonder what your kind of takeaways or lessons were for yourself, for polychain, for the crypto community broadly, what are your thoughts?
Speaker A: Yeah, so I in a sense, am an investor in a risky and speculative asset class, right. I think thats inarguable. But because of that, I actually like to have extremely tight risk controls around the things we can control. And I dont want to ever get overconfident or add on risk thats like this unnecessary risk. We already have enough market consumer adoption technology, hardcore technology risk, security risks with these protocols. So I've always been extremely paranoid from the beginning of polychain about counterparty risk. And what I mean by that is, where are the coins? Are they sitting on exchanges? Let's say we do lending agreements. Who is that person we're lending to? If it's through one of these lending desks, who are they lending the coins to and where are those coins ultimately living? Right. So I've had a lot of investors and other folks over the years say, okay, you're sitting on lots of crypto assets, why don't you lend them? Because we don't really engage in lending at scale at all. We just have never done it. And it's because it just takes on this extra counterparty risk to get a little bit of return. But you're sort of missing the big picture, which is that if we play our cards right, the return we're going to get is very, very good, and let's not take on this additional risk. So I was able to avoid every major blow up of 22 like Terra Luna and ust the entire lending collapse and contagion there, the entire complex of sandbankment freed companies and projects. And I really think it was like 80% because of real risk management philosophy that I had in place for years and years, and 20% luck. Right? There's always luck in these things. But I got pitched by Sam many, many times and passed every time because there was such an obvious and irreconcilable conflict of interest between FTX and Alameda. And that turned out to be the thing that destroyed the whole thing. And all the coins that they launched had this low float scheme where you have a mismatch between price and liquidity. So it looks like it's worth $100 billion. But you really try to sell and get out and you get nothing. There's just a lot of, they're pretty basic tricks, actually, I thought. And like, for example, Luna Ust, like we had had this experiment play out for years. I mean, what is the only asset that we really all agreed you don't want to have as collateral in the maker? Dao dai stablecoin system. It's MKR, it's the one thing everyone agreed, like, let's not have that as collateral. Then you had things like empty set dollar that played out on smaller scale. It was very clear that this sort of collateralize itself, like Luna Ust relationship doesn't work. It just was so clear from the past experiments and years of research on this topic. So I think a lot of this stuff was people getting over their skis, overconfident, and not really thinking about the risks that they're taking on. Um, another part of my philosophy is not to use leverage. You know, I don't try to time the market and move up and down my exposure and lever up. Um, you know, crypto. 50% drops in crypto are not black swan events. It happens like every two years. It's, you know, so if you're on two x leverage, you're just going to get blown out every other year in crypto. Like, it's not, um, a reasonable way to trade in this market and survive for the long term and make returns sustainably. So I feel actually very, very good about the way that polychain navigated 2022. I think that we pretty much dodged everything. Obviously we get taken down with the macro drawdown, but all the specific landmines we avoided stepping on.
Speaker B: But. So one thing that I'm confused about is polychain did invest in terraform labs.
Speaker A: Yeah. So we actually, so this is one of these complex things is when we did, we invested in Luna, we actually led the seed round of Luna. But back then it was a very different project. Right? Like these things can pivot and change once they sort of lasered in on this Luna collateralizing USTA system. And like that's the project, right? It's, it's not like this. Before it was like this smart contract platform that was going to target korean developers. We had a bit, a little bit more of a thesis around geographic diversity of smart contract platforms that I think was not right in the end. And, you know, it plays out in small ways. Like, you know, tron feels geographically specific, whatever. So this is why we've made the investment in the first place. Once they became this just stablecoin system, we exited, like, we didn't want anything to do with that anymore.
Speaker B: And so why was that, like, what did you see at that time that made, you know, this is not for us?
Speaker A: Well, I mean, I talked about these projects, Makerdao, which was really the first, like, crypto collateralized stablecoin project. And, you know, I did the first institutional investment in Makerdao. I bought 4% of the Makerdao coins for, I think, like, $40,000 a long time. Wow. And we were involved in empty set dollar, which was very similar, conceptually, a similar project where you have this gold like, asset collateralizing a stablecoin, but you have only that gold like, asset collateralizing the stablecoin. Makerdao, you don't allow MKR as collateral to avoid this death spiral. And empty set dollar did death spiral to zero, as did, like, a couple empty set dollar forks. This was the original idea behind this project basis that we invested in in 2018. This is like, the team that's now behind DSO. You know, I had a lot of exposure to this concept. Like, anyone who was in crypto a long time had had a lot of exposure to stable coin systems, and they're not easy. And, you know, it got so much bigger than I thought. I. It could, like, empty set dollar grew and blew up, and these other projects, but they're at pretty small scale. Like, there's no headlines about these things. It's like weird crypto nerds trying out things that got to this mainstream level that I did not. You know, I didn't. I did not know. But the thing is, it works as long as the price goes up, and then when the price starts going down, it, like, death sparrows all the way to zero. So, you know, the mechanism, in a way, worked as. As I thought it would.
Speaker B: And what about decentralized stablecoins as a category overall? Are you just down on them, or. I'm sure you're aware of Athena, which has a slightly different design, as far as I understand. Do you think some version of a decentralized stablecoin will work?
Speaker A: Yeah, I think we've had them working for a while, for years. They're just at smaller scale. They're harder to use. They're a little trickier to reason about the risk. They're more complex systems. I do think they're in many ways more durable. I just think a couple accounts could get frozen, and you have a system like tether in a pretty bad place or USDC, you can't go into ethereum and freeze the collateral. I do think there's a durability and security trade off versus just ease of use and simplicity. I think that they decentralized. It's not limited to stablecoins. It's just like synthetic assets where you have a price pointer for the S and P 500 or Apple shares or the dollar, all these different assets, and you point it to a crypto asset and say this thing is going to track that price and it's going to be collateralized by some other asset that's inside of crypto. So like Ethereum or bitcoin, these things that where you're not like tracking it through a synthetic price, price feed, that is the larger category that's bigger than just stable coins. And I think that's potentially a big category.
Speaker B: So one thing that's been going on for quite a while in crypto, more than five years, is that the community in the US has been dissatisfied with the regulatory status here. And I wondered for you, you mentioned how you had a geographic thesis, but I wondered how the state of regulation in the US, specifically the uncertainty, has affected your investment strategy.
Speaker A: It hasn't really affected the way we invest that much. The regulatory posture has never really changed that much since I started polychain, which at this .7 and a half years ago, it's unclear. There's not tons of clarity. We all try our best and we all try to do the right thing. There's so many bad actors in crypto that are just outright fraud and thieves and things like that. I think the regulators have their jobs cut out for them and nobody wants those people, the people that are just stealing people inside crypto, outside crypto, we can all agree on this. I think the more nuanced questions about technologists trying to build a new thing, they're not trying to steal from anyone, they're just trying to build a new thing. But there's a lack of clarity on the best way to go about that. I think its a tricky question. Theres never really been an answer. I dont see a clear one in sight. So it hasnt really changed my investment philosophy very much.
Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. But I think whats interesting is you said, oh, theyre going after scammers, fraudsters, but then obviously they also are going after the likes of Coinbase and Kraken. Yeah, it's not always just that, but I did want to ask you about something else that was just an interesting comment. I just wanted to get your take on this so we have this show here on our channel called the chopping block. And Haseeb Qureshi of Dragonfly was talking about Vitalik's recent blog post about getting back to the cyberpunk ethos. And Haseeb said, you know, Vitalik was talking about things like governance or quadratic funding, public goods funding, privacy, stuff like that. And then he said, quote, in a way, he's sort of dismissing the bank, the unbanked tron, super low fees, all that kind of stuff that Tron is actually doing, despite the fact that, yes, Justin sun is not the paragon of decentralization, but he's the practical guy who's getting stable coins in the hands of people in emerging markets. What's your take on Haseep's comments?
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, this is what I love about crypto. Anyone can go build anything, and we just, it's just like this one huge global competition where everyone can just come out of their basement, their garage with their newest protocol design, and just ship it, right? So I do think that there's a temptation to have, like, a nostalgia for, like, this really tiny crypto eradic, right? I have that. It's like, going to, like this, like, little bitcoin meetup, and there's like, three other people that have ever heard the word bitcoin, and you're sitting there talking to them because they're the only people in the world that know what this thing is, right? There's like, nostalgia for that. And I do think a lot of the stuff that Vitalik is talking about are, like, important, you know, important experiments. And there's some of those are things that just, like, people have talked about for years but haven't really taken off. You know, I am a pretty pragmatist mindset, right? Like, I don't pretend to know, you know, better than, like, your average consumer, like, what they want. They know what they want and they're going to use what they want. So, like, they, it turns out that they might like USDT on Tron more than they like, like, quadratic funding of public goods, right? Like, it turns out that that's, like, what they want to. And I think you have to just be a pragmatist and honest about that. As crypto gets bigger and bigger, I think it's gotten appropriately less and less ideological. The early crypto people, I think, is very ideologically driven for a lot of early people. And I think increasingly it's more pragmatically driven. Whether it's, oh, this is useful for me in this way. Or I want to make money with this. It's like this. It's a less ideological kind of stance, and I think that's just because it's getting bigger. Like, once it's everyone, what's the ideology? Right. It has to be like mainstream, sort of, so to speak.
Speaker B: That makes sense. I recently heard you say of ordinals on bitcoin that you didn't see the point of building things like that on bitcoin. But then I also saw you invested in bionic, which is an ordinals marketplace. So I wondered kind of your thoughts on that.
Speaker A: Well, you know, I don't always get every single coin that people trade, but I do understand the exchange business quite well. And you don't need to understand why everyone likes everything to run an exchange. Right? And if there's a market there, then there's a market there, right. It's like, if you're running Amazon, you're not going to understand why people want every widget that's on Amazon. And you don't have to sort of believe every widget is useful in order to run Amazon. Just to be clear, I have absolutely nothing against ordinals. There's nothing against this. It feels a bit like, let's run it back on bitcoin. And it's like, well, we kind of already, we already sort of have a lot of this stuff and we've had it for years in other systems, and then let's append it to bitcoin. It feels like upgrading the old system rather than being tip of the spear on new stuff. And so I tend to think more tip of the spear.
Speaker B: Well, one. So for me, I guess when I think of ordinals on bitcoin, to me, I remember when I first heard of it, I was like, of course, because nfts are about status. And so then having your nft on the og blockchain, somehow it feels like it's a little bit extra or like more special or something. So, like, what do you think of that?
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, I agree, but it's like, you know, then I think about, like, the researchers building Celestia and Eigen lair, and it's like we're just, it's just in a different ballpark, right? It's like. But, yeah, I think that it's. I want to see every experiment run. Like, there's just the, the thing I love is that, you know, the folks that created ordinals and the folks creating marketplaces around ordinals and the people building, you know, new sort of drops inside ordinals, they're all like these outsiders that are just, you know, running around experimenting and that turns out that, that, you know, bubbling experimentation, like every once in a while, something really important pops up out of it. So I, you know, I'm really happy to see all the experimentation. You know, I really don't mean to come off negative on it. It's more just like, for me personally, it's. It's more the tip of the spear research problems that I think are what I spend a bit more time on.
Speaker B: So I now want to turn to crypto economics. We saw Axie Infinity was this game. It took off, but in an inorganic way, and it ended up kind of fostering this short term speculative activity rather than something more sustainable. And you talked about how gaming is an area that you think applications, um, you know, we'll be going next. And I wondered, like, how you prevent that type of situation. Um, and it doesn't even have to just be blockchain games, but generally, I think a lot of crypto projects kind of suffer from that incentive. So what are your thoughts on that?
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, this incentive design is. Is everything, right? It's like at the core of all this. And, um, if you do the incentive design well, um, your thing will very efficiently, um, get people to work for it, right, and get them to grow it. If you do it poorly, you get like these weird local maximus. Like, it explodes and then goes to zero and things like that. Um, so I. I, you know, this is, I think, between myself and the other folks at polychain. Like, this is our specialty. This is like what we are good at. And I mean, I could talk for like 10 hours on ondem, um, incentive design. But there's, you know, I think very common trade off in all these is like time to, like, distribution and like the rate of growth that, that incentivizes. So, you know, as a basic example, what's the inflation rate? Right. If the inflation rate is really high, you're going to get, um, a lot of new players entering, not a lot of like, new validators coming online. But then you sort of have the speculators saying, wait a second, maybe I don't want to own this asset relative to every other asset in the world that I could own with this money. You get this problem where there's expansion, but the thing you're expanding doesn't have value. By contrast, let's say you just distribute 100 of a single NFT and it's like ether rock, there's 100 of them. And it's just done. It might be really valuable, but it's not really going to expand and grow new users. Like. Cause there's just 100. So, like, you're kind of capped at 100 users in a way. So this is, that's a really primitive example of like, the types of trade offs we have to think about when we design these systems. But, like, the happy medium is probably in the middle, right? It's not like this 10% a day inflation, nor is it like there's 100 ever and go away. So it's, again, this very primitive. But I think that incentivizing growth relative to dilution is a very tricky one. It's like venture capital. Do you raise a ton of money and take on a ton of dilution? Or do you raise nothing and grow really slow and have zero dilution? And the answer is maybe in the middle somewhere. And then there's lots of mechanics about skin in the game and holding. Like, if you stake for longer, your yield will be higher. Right. And like, little, little things like that. I think they're actually not little things, they're big things. Like, if you get those designs right, it's everything. So, yeah, I mean, I could talk about this forever, but all this parameterization of, like, getting the incentive scheme right such that it is, it drives in new users, but also rewards the early users. Like, that is the core balance. And if you overly reward the early users, you don't get new people. And if you overly reward the new people, you don't get people that stick around.
Speaker B: Well, there is one trend here that perhaps is one of the solutions, which is points, which are mainly off chain. And I wondered what you thought of them as in terms of design.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, points are, points are just like pre tokens. And I think the only reason to have points is to avoid a secondary market. So the thing doesn't have a price and to have a more careful regulatory approach than just like, shipping out tokens. I think the main reason is the latter, actually, that points have grown so.
Speaker B: Much, but do you find them useful for kind of helping you design a better crypto economics?
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, points are big. You know, points are just tokens that you just can't trade them yet. So it's like, it changes it because you can't trade them and there isn't a secondary price. But, like, ultimately, it's pretty similar to thinking about, like, just token distribution with a traditional token.
Speaker B: All right, let's now talk about privacy. I saw Seraphim Checker of Athena Labs tweeted found out today that polychain has a unit doing crazy privacy research. Tell us more about that.
Speaker A: Yeah, so this is, you know, we have a whole research team. I think our resident expert in cryptography and privacy is Luke Pearson. We've done a lot of work that Luke has spearheaded on especially zero knowledge cryptography. And it's a very complex area that by optimizing the math over the past, what, five, six years, we have made these systems go from imaginary to possible. And it's happened, I think, a little faster, even than I anticipated. There has been thousand x speed improvements or processing power efficiency improvements. And a lot of that research informs then what we invest in, because a lot of what we invest in is actually scientific breakthroughs. And it's like the rocket science of software, basically is a lot of what we invest in. And so we're just one step downstream from core research where there's this breakthrough in cryptography that then leads to an investment that we do.
Speaker B: And I've heard you say that you think that crypto will trend toward a privacy by default design setup, but I'm sure you saw what happened with tornado cash. And so I wondered kind of how you're going to thread that needle or where you think that space is going, given what happened with tornado cash.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's tricky. I think, you know, I think it's a bit odd today, like, we're, again with crypto, we're a little bit fish and water on the fact that this is all transparent. Like, I think it's quite odd to actually, that this whole thing is like this public ledger. I think it makes a lot more sense for it to be secured by cryptography. So you have the same security guarantees that you would if it was public, but where it's private by default. So I do think, though, that if privacy adds usability problems or just makes it harder, then it's. It's not going to be the default. So you might see a thing where you have systems like signal and telegram that aren't as big as imessage or WhatsApp, but they're still very big. It could end up going that way. If we can migrate these big systems to be private by default and not have it affect usability, then I think that's big. But it turns out, too, though, that the transparency has led to a lot of interesting use cases. The fact that it's transparent. So it's kind of like nfts are a big part of this. Like, who owns these nfts? Being able to look at someone's portfolio, like, oh, that person, this influencer just bought this. There's a lot of interesting stuff there that I think will always be there. We don't want to lose that.
Speaker B: I wanted to ask you about one of the more controversial projects from 2023, which is worldcoin. People I've talked to either have one extreme view, like, oh, I really think it's the future. Other people are quite critical, and I just wondered what your take was.
Speaker A: I think that the world coin coin distribution is a nightmare, and it's enough of a disaster to just make the project very hard. I think the idea conceptually of biometric authentication, that's privacy preserving to give you a crypto wallet is very interesting. I love the idea conceptually. Like, what I just said now, the instantiation of world coin. Like, the issue is the coin distribution, but it's a big enough.
Speaker B: Remind me. It's because it's similar in that there's a low distribution and it gives it an inflated market cap. Is that.
Speaker A: Yeah. And it's just like, too much value goes to the creators and early people when, like, the great thing about a project like Worldcoin is that you could biometrically give everyone an equivalent amount of money. So, like, you could. Or just a more gentle curve. Right. When. Remember I was talking about incentivizing new people versus incentivizing early adopters. Right. I think it violently incentivizes the early adopters to the point where the project doesn't make sense to me. If you screw up that incentive system, it doesn't matter how cool that hardware, privacy preserving iris scan is. It just the thing that you're giving out is you screwed up the incentive design.
Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, it's very interesting because I feel like I've just heard opinions all over the map on that one. I also wanted to ask you about blast, which was also controversial for hoovering up a bunch of money before it launched, and I wondered your opinion on that.
Speaker A: Yeah, I don't really understand blast. I don't know what happened. It doesn't make sense to me. I'm not super deep with the project. So, you know, I. I'm hesitant to criticize it too much, you know? Um, but I didn't. I don't really get it.
Speaker B: Okay, so we're now going to enter the final phase of the interview, where we talk a little bit more about some of the stuff that we started with, um, futuristic type things. I'll start with, actually, AI, this didn't come up earlier, but, um, I saw you you tweeted in crypto, nearly 100% of value accrues to startups and outsiders, not existing establishment interests. Value capture and AI technologies will be primarily by incumbents. There will be valuable startups. But for example, even OpenAI realized they needed to align with legacy tech. And I've heard people talk about how in crypto, how they believe that AI will transact in crypto, or that Daos might manage AI's. But from that comment, it seemed like you thought crypto and AI will remain separate, or how do you think they might intersect?
Speaker A: That's just me. So I was the way I would meant that is a commentary on being a venture investor. One thing I said is that even mediocre venture investors in crypto that timed the market okay, did quite well. I think that that won't be the case in AI. Like, I think that there is this. Youre competing against the largest software corporations in the world. Those are your competitors. Day one in crypto its just different. It lends itself more to startups and outsiders. And that has been where the value capture is in the intersection, though. One thing im really interested in is AI agents inside smart contracts that work for money. So you can imagine a chatbot that learns what to say to maximally extract value from the person that it's chatting with. This is not that different than what an Onlyfans girl or so called e girl might do. So they're sitting there like chatting and trying to say, here's my ETh address, send me eth. You could have a bot do that, and you could have it learn how to be better and better at it. And you could embed that inside a smart contract, and then you could distribute a token that represents ownership in the bot. Then you have that DAO representing the ownership units of some AI embedded agent. They get stuff like that that I can imagine getting very big. And you have these AI agents that are for profit, and you can distribute ownership shares of them. So you can imagine too, these influencers that aren't real people. The person that created this a long time ago, as far as I know, is Lil Michaela, where there's this Instagram account, and it's just not a person, it looks like a person, and they wear Gucci stuff or whatever, and they have a following, sort of like traditional influencer, but it's just computer generated images. You could imagine like each one of those having their own token ownership system. You can imagine an AI that makes influencers like just pumps them out over and over and over. And that has its own token ownership system. That whole landscape, I think, could get really big and really weird. I'm very excited about that. I'm quite excited about the crossover. I just think that crypto investing is very dramatically different landscape than AI venture investing.
Speaker B: Yeah. And it's interesting, actually, when you mentioned little Michaela, I don't know if you know Trevor McFadgery's. He created that and then now does friends with benefits. So he's now in crypto.
Speaker A: Oh, interesting. Yeah, we all end up here.
Speaker B: Yeah. So you said that you view social fi as probably one of the applications that will likely take off next. So what are some problems, you think, that need to be solved in that space for that to become a bigger thing?
Speaker A: You know, get paid to use the Internet, get paid to doom scroll. These are, I think, pretty killer things, actually. There's a lot of very hard challenges around spam and botting and stuff like that. That sounds really conceptually simple. It's really not simple to design, but broadly sharing value with users and influencers in a more efficient way than these platforms do today and allowing there to be just more platforms with less gatekeeping around these closed gardens and closed logic, I think, is all part of that next growth era.
Speaker B: Are there any particular social fi applications you're excited about?
Speaker A: You saw the early ideas of things with friend tech. There's one tomo that I'm excited about. I think it's very early innings, but the thing that gets the mechanism right will grow very fast.
Speaker B: And then what about gaming? What do you think will? I mean, I just feel like this has been talked about as what's going to bring crypto mainstream hasn't quite happened yet. So what do you think needs to happen for that to become a thing?
Speaker A: I just think we need a, you know, there's been, like, these video game designers that don't understand crypto that jump into crypto and, like, just bolt on a token and think that that works. And then you have these crypto people that create, like, this really elegant mechanism, but, like, a really shitty game. Right. So we need a pairing of these two worlds. I think it's oddly been a skill issue of, like, the pairing of these two worlds that has prevented it from happening already.
Speaker B: And are there any games that you're kind of keeping your eye on that you're thinking might become winners?
Speaker A: We are, in general, don't invest in specific games or specific game studios. I think just in general, that's a tricky category to be a venture investor in. And it's even harder when you're depending on the double bank shot of, like, the crypto works and the gameworks, so none come to mind. But I talk with a lot of folks about the mechanism design underneath these things.
Speaker B: All right, Olaf. Well, is there anything I did not ask you that you think that you'd want to talk about?
Speaker A: We covered a lot. The only stuff I can think of would be, like, leaving crypto. So inside crypto, I think we covered pretty much everything.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: And leaving crypto as a topic is maybe. It may be a separate. Separate podcast.
Speaker B: But you're not saying, when you say leaving, are you saying you're thinking about.
Speaker A: Oh, no, no. God, no. I meant, like, as a topic, like. Like lucid dreaming, psychedelics, other interests. Yeah, that I could. But, you know, I think inside crypto, we covered everything.
Speaker B: Okay. All right, well, maybe we'll have you back to talk about the other stuff. All right, well, are there any, like, handles or, you know, websites or whatever that you'd want to point the listeners to?
Speaker A: You know, I just think all the names I mentioned, if you're not familiar with them, I would go poke around. I do think on the AI side, like the project Bittensor. Very excited about, I think any of the names you hear or words you hear that you're not familiar with, there's potentially really a real alpha there to just go poke around.
Speaker B: Okay. And your own handles.
Speaker A: Oh, I'm on Twitter.
Speaker B: Great. All right, well, it's been a pleasure having you on Unchained.
Speaker A: Yeah, thanks, Laura. Pleasure as always.
Speaker B: Thanks so much for joining us today. To learn more about Olaf and polychained, check out the show notes for this episode. Unchained is produced by me, Laura Shin, with help from Kevin Fuchs, Matt Pilchard, Fauna Ranovich, Megan Davis, Nelson Wong Shashank, and Marc Akuria. Thanks for listening. Unchained is now a part of the Coindesk podcast Network. For the latest in digital assets, check out markets daily, five days a week with host Noel Atchison. Follow the Coindesk podcast Network for some of the best shows in crypto.
