Speaker A: Yeah, I think that we, I would say that we became friends and we talked about more than just the case and everything. We did talk quite a bit about his mental health and just, you know, things like his insecurities growing up and a bit about his family and his relationships and things like that. So I think that I got to know him really well over those house arrest months. And obviously it's not a very popular thing to say to call Sam Bakeman freed a friend probably won't get received too well, but I would be lying if I said that I didn't consider him a friend.
Speaker B: Hi everyone. Welcome to Unchained, your no hype resource for all things crypto. I'm your host, Laura Shin, author of the Crotopians. I started covering crypto eight years ago and as a senior editor at Forbes, was the first mainstream media reporter to cover cryptocurrency full time. This is November 24, 2023 episode of Unchained. Femex, a leading cryptocurrency exchange, is celebrating its fourth year anniversary and preparing to give back to the community by sharing a portion of its revenue. Courier's bat how join Femex's Web 3.0 revolution and secure your stake in the future. Happy birthday, Femex. Vault craft by popcorn is your no code defi toolkit for building automated non custodial yield strategies. Learn more on Vaultcraft IO about how you can supercharge your crypto portfolio. Arbitrum's leading layer two scaling solution offers you ultra cheap and lightning fast transactions, all with security rooted on ethereum.com dot substat IO today. Hey unchained listeners. As you know, it's hard keeping up with the fast paced world of crypto, so we've got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. you'll get the latest crypto news and original articles from our reporters, as well as summaries of other happenings and bullet points, plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. It's still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot. Today's guest is Tiffany Fong, crypto content creator. Welcome, Tiffany.
Speaker A: Hi Laura. I'm so excited to be on your show.
Speaker B: I was so excited to have you. You started out as a customer of Celsius, and you sadly lost the majority of your life savings when it went bankrupt. And now you have become this pivotal character in the Sam Bankman free case. You've told the FTX saga to legions of people. You've even become a central player in terms of leaking documents to the New York Times, which, you know, might have landed SPF in jail. But before we get to all that, I have long been wondering what it is that you did before all these adventures in crypto.
Speaker A: God. I mean, yeah, this is, like, not a super interesting answer, but I never worked a full time nine to five job. I went to college at USC, and I technically ended up studying communications, which is, I guess, in the realm of journalism. But I had no intention of being a journalist or I guess, crypto content creator. I actually originally got to got into USC as an architecture major, but I just switched to communications because it was easier. And, yeah, I was just mostly lazy. Like, I mostly wanted to, like, socialize. But after college, I just ended up backpacking and staying in hostels for a couple of years. And I met a bunch of digital nomads who taught me how to. How to sort of set up online stores. So I actually just set up a bunch of online stores during that period after college. And a lot of those are still running and a lot of them are still making me passive income, which allows me to sort of have the free time to be focusing on all this crypto fraud.
Speaker B: Oh, wow. Okay. And so the Rolling Stone magazine said that you just are doing these stores that are kind of print on demand, so they don't actually really take much work from you.
Speaker A: Yeah. So it's basically making a bunch of silly little designs. I mean, you can make designs of anything just on Photoshop or whatever, and basically upload the PNG files onto whatever item you want to sell. So it can be t shirts or mugs or anything you want. And you can end up, I don't know, you can set it up on the backend to where these products show up on stores like Etsy, eBay, Redbubble, etcetera. And when a customer places an order, it just prints automatically onto the item and sends to the customer. So you basically don't have to do anything. Like, I haven't logged into these stores in probably over a year, and I'm still making some money on them. Also, this sounds like a pitch like I'm selling some course. I'm not selling a course on print on demand, but I'm just saying that this is just what I did after college. And how I'm able to still, like, do this without having to, I don't know, work a full time job on the side.
Speaker B: Oh, wow. Okay. Okay. So then, as we mentioned, you became a customer of Celsius. You know, sad to say, lost most of your life savings, and then you started leaking some Celsius documents. How did that happen and why did you start doing it?
Speaker A: Yeah. So back in June 2022, Celsius network halted withdrawals. And at the time, I was going through a breakup already, so I was already just really depressed. I was in one of the lowest periods and points of my life already. And then Celsius shuts down and I left 3.1 bitcoins, 11.6 eth, some matic, some aave, etcetera, which was worth well over $200,000 at the time I deposited it. But at today's prices, it's like, in the $100,000 or so range, which is.
Speaker B: Still a lot of money, but anyway.
Speaker A: Still a lot of money. Yes. And I was just incredibly depressed. I didn't know what to do with myself. I was just, like, pretty much immobile in bed for months and months. And I was just need. I felt a lot of anxiety, and I was like, I need to just start doing things. I need to try getting out of bed and doing stuff. So one of those things that I tried doing was just starting a YouTube channel and starting to post on Twitter. I really didn't think anyone was going to watch my first YouTube video. It was. My first video was literally me talking about how I lost almost $200,000, or around $200,000, and I posted it and I figured, no one's going to watch this. I have zero subscribers here. It's pretty much just going into the ether. But it felt somewhat therapeutic to just post about what I was really sad about. Well, part of it, because also my personal life was sad, too. But, yeah, it was mostly therapeutic. And I actually got a bigger response than I anticipated. I think it got. I think it's sitting at, like, 80,000 views, and it was my very first video, and I expected zero views. So I kind of was just like, hey, I guess people are interested in this stuff. And I got a lot of comments of, from other customers who had lost money, and they were all kind of, like, sharing their despair and all were asking, what's happening with Celsius? So I just ended up posting continual updates on the Celsius bankruptcy just for other people who had lost their money and might be looking this up every day like I was, and that turned into, apparently, employees inside of Celsius watching my YouTube channel and watching my Twitter account. So an employee reached out to me out of the blue and just said, like, hey, I really like your YouTube channel. And I feel like there's some things that you should really know about and that maybe other customers should know about something along those lines. And he ended up sending me an audio file of an internal all hands meeting. So when I first received, like, when I first got his messages, I was like, this is probably some, like, troll. This is a scammer. Like, I don't know what this is, but when I listened to the audio file, I could hear Alex Mashinsky's voice, and it was basically this secretly recorded file of a meeting. So I kind of freaked out about what to do, but I also knew that other customers should hear this audio because it was them kind of describing their potential restructuring plans. So basically what they wanted to do with all of our funds that were trapped in Celsius. So to me, it was really important for other people to know about it, but I didn't know what to do with it. So after a few days of thinking about it, I actually ended up sharing it with the New York Times. So the New York Times did a story on the audio, and I ended up leaking the entire audio on my YouTube channel. And that actually, I guess, led to the second half of my story because Sam Bakeman Fried started following me on Twitter because of my Celsius leak.
Speaker B: Yeah. So tell us about kind of that moment when you first, you know, made contact with them and how it evolved into eventually becoming an important leaker and content creator in the SVF trial and the FTX case.
Speaker A: Yeah. So I was obviously, like, at the time that I posted that first leak, I really wasn't prominent, and I didn't have much of a following at the time. And I just saw a follow from Sam Bankman Fried, who I honestly didn't know that much about. I just knew that he was a big shot in crypto. I knew that he had been on the COVID of magazines, but I didn't, like, I wasn't even following him, and I hadn't watched any of his interviews, so I vaguely knew that he was just a big deal. So I saw the follow and I just messaged him, hey, thanks for the follow. I think that was my first, like, sort of noteworthy follower I had gotten. And we chatted really, really briefly that day. He just said, oh, I thought it was interesting that you posted that Celsius audio, something like, something along those lines. And then we went several months without actually directly messaging. He commented on a couple of my other posts and he also, I think, tweeted that he was following me because of my Celsius leaks, because I ended up posting a lot of other leaked or a lot of, a lot more leaked information that other employees had sent me over the next couple of months. So we went a couple of months without directly speaking. But then once FTX just suddenly collapsed and everyone was in shock. I just remembered, oh, I've chatted with this guy once before in DM's, so we still have our DM's open. Might as well just contact him and say, like, hey, would you be willing to tell me your side of the story? So I messaged him on November 11 asking him if he'd be willing to chat with me. And you've actually chatted with him as well, haven't you?
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, of course. He's been on my show. And yeah, I'm working on a book about FTX. Oh, right. So you ended up hearing from him. So tell us, yeah. How you, how that relationship evolved.
Speaker A: Yeah. So when I messaged Sam on November 11, that was the day that FTX filed for chapter eleven bankruptcy. I really genuinely was not expecting him to respond to me. I mean, people in his position just shouldn't be talking to anyone in the first place. Like, I had watched Celsius go down prior to this, and Alex Mashinsky shut his mouth and just kind of disappeared off social media. But, so I already wasn't expecting a response because of that. And I also figured, I bet every major publication and every reporter in the world is trying to get ahold of Sam. He's not going to respond to me. I'm basically like a nobody. So I just moved on with my life for a few days and just wasn't expecting a response. But five days after I sent that message at, I think around like 12:30 a.m. so, like, in the middle of the night, I was out on a date, I was out for drinks, and I just suddenly got a message from Sam Bankman free that said, yeah, I'd be happy to chat free for the next hour or so, for what it's worth. And he sent me his phone number. So I just kind of scurried home from a date and hopped on the phone with Sam and didn't have any questions prepared. Didn't even know that much about what really had happened at FTX or Alameda. And just kind of tipsy like hopped on the phone call. Yeah. So that phone call is posted on my YouTube video and I guess one bit of that phone call that ended up getting a lot of press attention was Sam Bankman fried sort of admitting that he donated a lot of money dark to republicans. So that ended up sort of blowing up in the media as well as getting cited in the original FEC complaint against him. I honestly wasn't expecting, I didn't know that that was going to be such a huge deal. I didn't actually know that that was a scoop when he was telling me because I hadn't listened to any of Sam's interviews prior to this. So I didn't know what things were public, were not public. So I didnt actually think that much of it when I posted it. But that sort of blew up in Sam's space a bit without me even intending to do so. And then we hopped on another phone call on November 20. So we had two phone calls before he was arrested in the Bahamas and thrown into prison.
Speaker B: All right, so we're going to learn a little bit more about how Tiffany's relationship with SPF evolved. But first, a quick word from the sponsors who make this show possible. Embark on an exciting journey with Femex, a top tier exchange celebrating its fourth year anniversary. Join and immerse yourself in a thriving community where early access and exclusive benefits await. Step beyond being just a trader and tap into Femex's growth story as they pledge to share a portion of their revenue with the community. For more details, visit femex.com web three popcorn just made defi way easier with vault craft your no code defi toolkit for building, deploying and monetizing automated yield strategies in a few clicks. Forget spending months of R and D and capital when you can instantly launch your crypto fund with Vaultcraft on any EVM chain. From wallets and institutional service providers to Anandefi degens, anyone can use Vaultcraft to supercharge their crypto portfolios with custom tailored cross chain yield strategies. Go to Vaultcraft IO and start building. This is the moment the bachelorette is.
Speaker A: Back, and the power I'm gonna fall.
Speaker B: In love is in Jen's hands.
Speaker A: And I'm gonna do it my way. ABC Monday everything about her is great. I feel so special.
Speaker B: Jen's looking like a queen.
Speaker A: My men are very, very hot. Someone call 911. You are looking so fired.
Speaker B: This is the beginning of a new era.
Speaker A: The Bachelorette all new Monday 87 Central on ABC and stream on Hulu Arbitrum.
Speaker B: Stands at the forefront of innovation as the premier suite of layer two scaling solutions, bringing you lightning fast transactions at a fraction of the cost, all with security rooted on Ethereum. From Defi to gaming, Arbitrum one plus Nova is home to over 500 projects. And with the recent launch of orbit, Arbitrum welcomes you to build your very own tailor made of layer three, or an orbit chain. Propel your project and community forward by visiting Arbitrum IO today. Back to my conversation with Tiffany. So what's so interesting is that you might be one of the people that had the most contact with SVF after he got arrested. Well, actually was released on bail. So tell us about your relationship with SBF. You know, during that time when you were visiting him, did you feel like you were more like a friend or a quasi journalist or, you know, how would you kind of describe what your relationship was like?
Speaker A: Yeah, I guess it was a bit of both. I mean, so, to be honest, after I had released our first two interviews, and, like, I mentioned that, like, the first interview actually kind of blew up in his face and got. Got him into, I guess, sort of some trouble since it got cited in his FEC complaint. I just wasn't expecting to ever speak to Sam again. I figured he was probably not pleased with how that turned out, and I was expecting to just move on with my life and not talk to him. And he was. Yeah, like we mentioned, he was extradited to the United States, was released onto house arrest on a $250 million personal recognizance bond. And the day, I believe, or the night that he touched back down at his parents house in Palo Alto, California, he texted me at, I think it was 03:00 a.m. and he just said, hey, finally back online. And I woke up to that message because I received it when I was asleep. And I just woke up, and I was like, Sam Bickman free texted me. Like what? Like, I was not expecting to ever hear from him again. So I just, like, we chat, we sent a few messages back and forth, and I just decided to sort of take a gamble once again and ask him if he was allowed visitors while he was on house arrest. And once again, was not expecting him to say yes, because personally, I don't know too much about how house arrest works. I don't have a lot of other criminal friends or other. Other friends facing of this. So I just was expecting him to say no. But to my surprise, he just said, yeah, I'm a lot of visitors. I'd love to see you. So that was surprising to me. And that turned into my first visit to Sam's house on, like, December 27. So a couple days after Christmas. Yeah. How would I describe our relationship? I mean, I obviously interviewed Sam throughout all of this, so certainly, like, it was a journalistic whatever, I guess, relationship. I don't know what the correct word is, since I'm not. I don't work for anybody. But I would also say that we did become friends. Like, I spent a lot of time talking to Sam over house arrest, and I did go into those conversations with a very open mind, to be honest. I know a lot of people already sort of wanted to call him guilty before the trial, but at that point, we hadn't actually seen any of the evidence. We hadn't heard all this witness testimony that both you and I were able to watch in person at trial. You know, obviously, there were allegations against him, but I was actually genuinely open to at least hearing out his side of the story, you know, innocent until proven guilty, all that. So I was. I was open to it, and I was, you know, receptive at that point to at least giving him the possibility that what he was saying was potentially the truth. Yeah, I think that we. I would say that we became friends, and I. We talked about more than just the case and everything. We did talk quite a bit about his mental health and just, you know, things like his insecurities growing up and a bit about his family and his relationships and things like that. So I think that I got to know him really well over those house arrest months. And obviously, it's not a very popular thing to say to call Sam Bateman freed a friend. Probably won't get received too well, but I would be lying if I said that I didn't consider him a friend. And hopefully, people don't get too mad at that statement, but I'm sure some people will.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, it felt, though, you know, I haven't read, like, literally every single one of your discussions or listened to them all, but it often felt like you were asking questions and then you would, you know, offer up your personal experience, but definitely felt like he was really doing a lot more of the talking. I mean, granted, you know, I know you haven't released every single thing, so.
Speaker A: Yeah, this is true.
Speaker B: Held back some of those.
Speaker A: This is true. And I guess this is something like, I haven't actually read Michael Lewis's book going infinite, but I think I saw him on, like, some podcast or some interview, and Michael Lewis mentioned that Sam Bankman fried like, never asked him a single question about himself. And I do think that that wasn't necessarily the exact case for Sam. And I think he would ask me questions about myself. But the ratio of the questions that I was asking Sam versus what he was asking me, it was certainly mostly me asking him questions, etcetera, but I would offer up things about my personal life. I mean, Sam now knows my dating history, and Sam, who's like, my depression, like, the way that I struggle with depression. So it was certainly conversational. It wasn't like me just kind of holding the mic up to him. I was certainly, it was certainly a back and forth, and I talked to him about, like, my experiences with depression and everything. So, yeah, in that way, I would say that I would have called him a friend around that house arrest period.
Speaker B: And what do you think his motivation was in talking with you so much and also, you know, like, giving you documents and things like that?
Speaker A: Yeah, I think there's. It's probably a bit complex, and there's probably a few different things that play into it. But I asked Sam, even on our very first phone call, why are you talking to me? I'm not even a big reporter. And he basically just chalked it up to, well, I'm sort of just following a gut instinct, which is sort of vague. And he also said that he, throughout our conversations, he's mentioned that he actually likes that I don't work for a publication, that I don't work for some mainstream media, you know, you know, New York Times or whatever, because he said that meant that I don't have an editor. And that means that I can actually say exactly what I think and say what I want and don't have to be beholden to an editor or the views of the publication. So he's mentioned that that's something that he likes. And he said that he generally just wanted to talk to, not people who were necessarily going to be sympathetic to him. That's what he said. But people who were free thinkers and just said what they really thought. So that's what he's said. Obviously. I don't know if that was completely, like, the real reason why he wanted to talk, but I would say that, like, I assume just using common sense, that he hoped that I would ultimately say positive things about him. And I also think that he was just really lonely at that time. I mean, I remember on one of our first phone calls, and I don't even think that I posted this part, because on our second phone call, we actually ended up talking on the phone for several hours, and we just ended up sort of talking about our personal lives. So I didn't post that stuff. But he said that, like, his only friends for the past several years were the people that he worked with. And I would imagine that his closest friends were the people that testified against him and were the star witnesses. So I guess, obviously, he was certainly lacking in the. Actually, he said that he was lacking in the social life department. So I think he was definitely lonely. And I don't think he's necessarily the kind of person, as I guess a lot of men aren't. I don't think he's the kind of guy who wants to necessarily constantly talk about their emotions, but I think there is a degree of him wanting to sort of vent and have a listening ear during that time. And I was that, and I, since I'm someone who also struggles with depression and things like that, I was very sensitive to those issues and asked him quite a bit about how he was doing mentally and emotionally, so he probably needed that during that time period.
Speaker B: Yeah. So I'm sure that this question may be a little bit annoying, but it is something that's out there. And you gave a great quote to Rolling Stone about this, which I will reference in a moment. But I do have to ask, like, do you think part of the appeal for him, too, was that he was attracted to you?
Speaker A: Sam has never explicitly, like, said anything about my appearance. In fact, he's never even commented on my appearance. And he's never, like, been, like, weird or anything like that towards me. He's always been really, really polite. But I've also talked to him about his past relationships and his taste in women and things like that. And he said that he just really doesn't even care about, like, someone's appearance at all, which I guess, you know, I guess we can look at his dating history. I don't know if he, like, necessarily seems to go for, like, bareheaded supermodels. I guess, you know, you could say, like, most a lot of billionaires would. He's actually never, like, noted my appearance at all in our conversations to, like, expressing that he was attracted to me. So, I mean, but I'm very aware of. Very aware of the rumors, so I.
Speaker B: Yeah, which, by the way, people, if you haven't read the Rolling Stone article, it's so funny, because when the reporter, which is Tracy Wang, by the way, from formerly of Coindesk, in case you don't know, Tiffany, responded, I'm just gonna let people's imagination run wild, which I thought was the best answer. I just loved it.
Speaker A: That has been my go to response. I mean, because honestly, the rumors, okay, those rumors started even before I met Sam in person. So I think. I think that even before we, we had our first phone call, I was, like, tweeting at him when he was, this is probably a really insensitive. These were insensitive tweets. But he was tweeting about FTX, like, kind of shutting down. And I was, like, tweeting, like, are you breaking up with me? I don't know. It was stupid. Those were stupid tweets. But I was just being silly. So that's, that started. And then I think there were rumors, actually, there were rumors even when Sam initially followed me on Twitter, because at the time, I think I had, like, less than 5000 followers. And people were like, why is Sam Bakeman freed now following Tiffany flong? They thought there was some, like, weird, like, relationship happening. So those rumors started really early on. And I just have been running with them, like, as, like, on social media. I've made Sam a Valentine's Day. I made him a Valentine's Day post. I was like, there's this picture. Maybe we can find it for your show. But there's a picture of, like, someone holding a sea urchin. But it really looks like Sam Bakeman free, just in a swimming pool, naked. Sounds weird to describe it. It looks like him, but I've been reposting that for Valentine's Day. It looks like a sea urchin. It's like someone looks like. If you see the picture, you'll know what I'm talking about. That's why I feel stupid describing it. But it looks like Sam. But I've been posting it for Valentine's Day. I made it. Happy Valentine's Day. My love to the SBF sea urchin. And so I've been running with it. So I'm gonna let everyone just wonder what is happening with Sam? And I threw in a little wink.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Throw a little link there.
Speaker B: Well, you know, so just a couple of things on that. So, first of all, people probably know that famously, there was a journalist that was covering Martin Shkreli while he actually, it was before he went to prison. And then when he was in prison, they fell in love and became boyfriend and girlfriend. And then she wrote all about it in, like, Elle or something, I think. And I remember because, you know, I'm a journalist, I was like, what the. And then I, what I thought was so funny was that, like, one of the early days of the trial, you took a photo with Martin Shkreli, and he tweeted something like, new boyfriend, she's mine now. SPF or whatever. Yeah, whatever it was.
Speaker A: Yeah, I tweeted new boyfriend, and Martin Shkreli tweeted something.
Speaker B: I'm just collecting all the criminals, so it does happen.
Speaker A: It does happen. Yeah. I'm gonna collect all the. All the white collar criminals, and they're all my boyfriends, so.
Speaker B: Yeah, great. And maybe you can, you know, get Elizabeth Holmes, too, if you like. She's married, but, you know.
Speaker A: Oh, my God, I'm so unhinged. I say so many bad things on social media, but. Oh, well.
Speaker B: So I'm going to ask you about something else that it's not something that started as a rumor, but I'm sure there are now rumors about it because there's not a lot of details. So the Department of Justice reached out to you for information before the trial. So tell us about that. What happened there?
Speaker A: That was very scary. Yeah. The DOJ reached out to me a couple of weeks before the trial began, and I freaked out. Like, I didn't know what to do. I was hoping that that wouldn't happen. And since so many months had gone by of me chatting with Sam and not receiving anything, I was like, I don't think that they're gonna reach out to me. I'm also like, who am I? Like, I'm this random girl on social media. I'm not that. Like, I'm not some big deal. And I'm also. I wasn't actually there during the actual FTX and Alameda collapse time. Like, I only got in touch with Sam after the collapse, really. So I wasn't really expecting it, expecting it at that point. So I have, like, a major freak out. I was just in bed, anxious. So anxious every day, because I was like, what do I do? Like, just getting a message with the email being USDOJ dot gov, I was like, that is so there's something just really nerve wracking about that. And, yeah, I didn't know what to do. I think I honestly, like, ghosted them for, like, full week, and then I just reached out to, like, a lot of people that I knew and were like, are there any lawyers you could connect me to? So, ultimately, I lawyered up, and the lawyers handled that for me, so I didn't have to end up having to turn anything over to them, thankfully.
Speaker B: Oh, they wanted, like, information that you.
Speaker A: Yeah, I didn't actually, like, personally respond, so I don't know exactly what they were asking for, but they were requesting my records related to Sam. So I don't know if there was something specific they wanted. But I honestly just don't even want to go into a relationship where I'm sending information to the government, and I don't know. I don't want to start off with that.
Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. And you just felt uncomfortable, what, because, like, that might help convict him or, like, what was the exact thing you were concerned about?
Speaker A: I think there's probably a lot in there. Like, part of me would feel like at that point before trial, like I said, I think that Sam trusted me, and I would have called him a friend and also, so that was a part of it. Like, I would feel guilty if I was, like, sort of cooperating against him secretly behind his back there. It would just feel sort of wrong for me morally. And although I know some people would probably be really happy for me to do anything in my power to get him more prison time, but just for me, it just wouldn't feel right. And I also just talked to other journalists. Like, I reached out to other journalists, and I was like, what do you do in this situation? Has this ever happened to you? And most journalists I spoke with were like, oh, you just say, no, you're a journalist. You don't send information. So that was the response I got from other journalists. And obviously, I've never been put in this position before, so I didn't know what I was supposed to say.
Speaker B: Well, the interesting thing is, I have a feeling that the DOJ wouldn't do it to a journalist because they know the response. But since you are in a gray category, that's why I think they did completely. I think that's, like, I just feel like they're not.
Speaker A: Yeah, they're not reaching out to, like, the New York Times or the Wall Street Journal. When I was asking my, like, journalist friends at the New York Times, for example, they were like, oh, they would never even try to do that to us because they know what the response would be. And they're like, I figure they. They probably think you're naive. They probably think you're just gonna, like, hand things over when you don't have to, like, if you're working in a journalistic capacity. So I, like, didn't know my rights at the time, and thank God I lawyered up. But, yeah, I didn't want to necessarily cooperate against someone that had trusted me. Like, that would just feel wrong to me. Yeah. Yeah. So I didn't ultimately got out of that, thankfully, that scared that scared me a lot.
Speaker B: And then. So you attended the trial every day of SVF, and that was where we finally got to meet in person for the first time. And I was curious, like, why you decided to do that. Like, obviously, you know, for me, like, I kind of had to for various reasons, but I, you know, you, as we've been discussing, you don't really have, like, an official job. You kind of were friends with him. So, like, what, you know, what was your purpose? Or, like, why did you decide to do that?
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. I have been reluctant to label myself as anything. Like, I don't necessarily call myself a journalist or an influencer or whatever. Oh, I forgot to mention in the last question that the DOJ did call me a journalist in one of their bankruptcy filings. So I was kind of like, well, you already called me a journalist, so you can't really take it back now. But anyway, so, like, I am reluctant to, like, label myself as anything. So I mostly was just curious about the trial because it mostly was that I had talked to Sam so much. He'd obviously given me his side of the story to a really great extent. And I really wanted to see Caroline Ellison in person. I wanted to hear from everyone cooperating against him. I wanted to see who I really believed, because I obviously didn't go into Sam and I's conversations just blindly believing everything he said. I was certainly open to hearing him out, but I wasn't going to be, like, this guy's, I'm sure telling the truth. Like, that was. Certainly wasn't the way that I was going into it. So I really wanted to hear any other evidence against him and wanted to compare what he had told me to what we heard in court. So that was one of the major things. And also, like, since, like I said, like, Sam was sort of my friend, I obviously cared on a personal level about how everything turned out. And I was very curious as to how he'd react and respond and everything. But I guess, as you've seen, he's not the most reactive and emotional person. So I guess we didn't see too much, you know, crying or anything, but I was really curious to see that all pan out. And this is just, like, the craziest detour my life has ever taken. Like, this is so interesting. And I feel like the trial was, like, the culmination of everything that I'd been sort of listening to and reading about for an entire year. So I just knew I had to be there.
Speaker B: Yeah. And I have to say, your videos on it were amazing. And, you know, you told me that you do all your videos yourself with no help from anybody else, which I was just like, wow, I don't know how she does it. So kudos to you for somehow, like, yeah, because, you know, you figured out, like, you put little photos in your videos and you do that thing where you, like, cut your breaths out. So it's like, cut, cut, cut. I know. There's just, like, you clearly put a lot of effort in, and I'm like, how could you be in there for 8 hours a day and then also time to make these videos? They're amazing.
Speaker A: Oh, my God. Thank you. That is so nice, especially coming from you, because you obviously put out really good stuff, but, oh, my God, it was, that was, like, the most strenuous period of my life. Like, I didn't know that I had that capacity in me to even do that, because, I mean, like I said, I haven't worked, like, a nine to five job. I haven't. I didn't know that I could put myself through something like that. But that was a whole month. I mean, like, you probably experienced. It was a month of, like, very little sleep. I was like, there were some nights where I probably got, like, 1 hour of sleep and was going to trial, sitting in trial all day like you and then trying to put out a video. And it was so. That was really stressful. I had a couple little mental breakdowns during that period off camera, but there were some moments where I was just like, I can't do this anymore. And then I'd get on camera, be like, okay, guys, so today at trial, let me tell you about Caroline Ellison. But I was having a lot of, like, mental breakdowns behind the scenes because it was just so much to deal with.
Speaker B: I know. I know. I. I was. I was struggling. I was struggling. So speaking of struggling, this is, you know, a sad thing, but I have to ask you about it. There was one day after trial where Barbara Freed, St. Vigmin Freed's mother, yelled at you. Tell us what happened there. You know, my heart goes out to the parents for sure.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: However, you know, there's. There's a lot of information out there about, you know, what kind of. They also did. So anyway, but tell us your story. What was your interaction with her?
Speaker A: Totally. I mean, so the thing is that I have obviously been to Barbara and Joe's house before, Sam's parents house before, and Sam never explicitly told me that they disliked me. But also, I think Sam is sort of. I've noticed that Sam is very non confrontational. Like, he's never confronted me about anything that I've ever said or posted about him, even though I don't know that I say the most flattering things about him. But he's very. He's always very polite and non confrontational, so he's never told me they didn't like me. But during the visits to his house, I sort of got that sense. So, for example, like, I'd be talking to Sam in their study. We'd be sitting on, like, the couches, and, like, his. His mom or dad would occasionally sort of pop their head into the room and try to say something to Sam about dinner or whatever, and then see that I was there, and they just sort of, like, immediately shut the door. Granted. I just figured, hey, they're lawyers. They probably don't like the fact that he's talking to anyone. They probably know that they shouldn't, like, offer commentary into this conversation. So I didn't think too much of it. There were a couple of times that I tried to introduce myself and be like, hi, I'm Tiffany. And they did not take kindly to it. They kind of just shut the door. So I was like, okay, whatever. Didn't take it personally. I was like, okay, move on with my life. But I also just kind of got the sense that, like, oftentimes Sam would. I don't know, sometimes when he would say that he's free, he'd be like, oh, well, my parents are, like, kind of still, like, hanging around, so maybe, like, come later. So, I mean, he kind of gave me. I kind of was picking up on a sense, like, maybe they don't necessarily like me, but I actually had a one on one conversation with them, nor been formally introduced to either of them. But there was one day that I was leaving court a little bit early, and I was in line to pick up my electronics. As you know, you have to pick up your electronics. After court. And Barbara fried, I saw her sort of heading in the same direction, and in my head, I was like, okay, we're about to. We're about to stand right next to each other. And I was like, okay, I've been to this lady's house before. I should probably say something. I should probably say hi. I should probably be nice. And I actually like. Like you mentioned, I am sensitive to the fact that they're obviously going through the hardest time of their lives. Obviously, there are some allegations about them, but I don't want to accuse anyone of being guilty of anything if they haven't actually been charged, and we haven't seen evidence. So I wanted to approach her very nicely and timidly and meekly, like, so I was nervous. We were standing next to each other, and I just. In, like, the softest voice possible, was like, hi. I know you must be going through a really, really hard time. And I just wanted to say I'm sorry. My name's Tiff, or. I don't even think I introduced myself. I just. I think I just stopped there and just said that you must be going through a really hard time, and I'm so sorry. And then Barbara just kind of immediately snapped at me and was like, who are you? And I was like, oh, my name is Tiffany. I've actually visited your house before. And then she. She was like, oh, I know who you are. And then she just sort of very loudly began accusing me of having written a very unfortunate article about Sam, as much as I make these YouTube videos. And I, like, I have a substack where I've posted some of Sam's conversations. Like, I don't know if she's referring to one of those, but she said, I wrote a very unfortunate article about Sam, about our conversations. And I was just really flustered, and I kept asking her for clarification. I was like, wait, sorry. Are you talking about, like, videos? What are you. Which article are you talking about? And she just kept repeating that really loudly. It was basically, like, just yelling at me at that point. Like, as we were exiting the courthouse, and she started trying to pull something up on her phone, and then we just kind of left in a. In, like, a huff and was like, I can't even talk to you right now. And I guess my retelling isn't as necessarily dramatic as it was in person, because there were a couple of people who witnessed it all happen as we were exiting the courthouse, and they were standing outside, and a couple people approached me and were like, oh, my God, are you okay? Like, why was that woman yelling at you so much? And they didn't actually know that it was Barbara. Barbara fried. So I had to, like, awkwardly be like, that was Sam Bickman fried's mother, and she, like, hates me. So, yeah, I don't know if that was the most succinct or effective way of telling that story, but apparently, she's not my biggest fan. And I haven't actually spoken to jo one on one, but Barbara doesn't like me.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, so you and I text a little bit about this when it happened, and I think I don't know, this is just my opinion, but since you were actually there, you can tell me if you think it's correct. That was the day when the Vox article where Sam was talking about how, you know, a lot of, like, what he said was. Was just lies that came out in court. And so since she kept talking about this article, I didn't know she thought that you were the Vox reporter, because the handle that the Vox reporter has, it's Kelsey Twoc, T U O c, which just sounds like an asian last name. She's not an asian person. I don't know why it's. I don't even know if Twock is, like, a asian thing, but it just sounds like it is, right?
Speaker A: It kind of does sound like an asian. Last night, well, I would have loved for that to be the reason, but actually, the time in which Barbara and I left court that day, it was before they brought up the Kelsey Piper article. So that actually had come up yet. And, like, the fact that I told her that I visited her house and I don't think helped Kelsey Piper had visited Sam since Sam was not pleased with her after her article. Like, Sam told me that that was the only interview that he regretted giving because he didn't mean to give that interview. I even asked him, like, were you upset that I posted about the political donations? And he was like, it's fine. Like, he seemed a little bit reluctant to say it was fine, but he was like, um, it's fine. Like, Sam is so non confrontational that he told me it was fine. And he's never expressed that he was upset at anything that I had said. So that's why I was really taken aback by the parents. But, yeah, I would love for that to be the reason. And I obviously, I think Sam was really upset at Kelsey Piper. But, yeah, I didn't know that there was this much resentment towards me. But I guess the mom is not pleased. And, I mean, granted, during my trial coverage, I wasn't necessarily, like, vouching for Sam's innocent innocence. I certainly was trying to cover the things that came out in court. So a lot of the things that came out in court were not great for Sam. So I'm not sure if it had anything to do with that. But I also was like, I kind of doubt that Barbara fried is sitting around watching my YouTube channel, and she kept saying that it was about an article. So I am still a little bit confused by that interaction. I hope she was mixing my, like, some other article up for my article, but I don't know that was an awkward situation.
Speaker B: Yeah, because, yeah, you mostly do videos. So unclear. Maybe at some point this will. Yeah, we'll find out the truth or what it was that she meant.
Speaker A: Maybe.
Speaker B: So. One other thing that I just needed to ask you about is you recently tweeted that you find it ironic that people call you a crypto influencer because you think crypto is dumb. Can you explain that?
Speaker A: Oh, my God. So, I mean, I got into crypto really early, but not because I found crypto at a young age and thought this was, like, going to change my life. I got into crypto because one of my relatives was bitcoin mining back in 2010, and he gave me my very first bitcoin in 2011. So I've been holding bitcoin for a really long time. But when I received that as a Christmas gift, I was still in high school, and he, like, I was expecting, like, a normal gift that a high schooler would want. And he handed me, like, some. I think. I don't remember what he handed me. He basically, it was like, a paper that he wrote, like, I'm gonna give you a bitcoin. And I was like, what the f? I probably can't curse. I was like, what the hell is a bitcoin? And he was like, well, it's worth, like, I think it was worth, like, definitely under $100. I think it was. Maybe it was worth, like, $20. I don't know. Don't quote me on the exact price of what it was something where I was not super impressed by the game, and he was. He was just like, well, hold on to it and one day, like, you'll be happy you have it. And I did hold on to it, and I am glad that I have held bitcoin for so long. Granted, that bitcoin is now in Celsius network, so it's no longer with me, but obviously, I'm very pleased to see the price go up. I'm pleased about all of that. But I never got into crypto initially because I found out about it and became very enthusiastic about it. So I think it sort of fits with my personality. And I'd say that the main thing I was excited about, about crypto and bitcoin was the fact that the price was going up. So I can't. I'm not going to lie and say that I'm someone who's, like, in it for the tech. I'm not in it for the tech. I'm mostly in it for the number to go up. I can see some use cases and I can understand the arguments, and I understand, and I still hold some crypto, and I still think that it's a good part of it, a diversified portfolio. But I'm certainly not someone who is evangelical about it. If my friends ask me for investment advice, I wouldn't tell them to go yellow at all into crypto or bitcoin. So I just like that to be known because I think that when people hear the word crypto influencer, people think of someone who is shilling crypto or is evangelical about it or is promoting, like, tokens or whatever. And those aren't things that I do. So I do try to every once in a while, separate myself from the, I guess, idea of a crypto influencer, as most people probably think of it in their heads. So it's mostly that I don't actually, like, hate crypto. I'm happy to keep holding it. I'm happy to, I guess, maybe check out some new projects potentially. But I'm not evangelical. And sometimes I just make that very, very well known on Twitter.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay. Well, now I have to ask you, of course, since the SPF trial is over, what are your plans? You found yourself at the middle of this huge saga, and one of. At least one of the big milestones is over. So what are your next steps?
Speaker A: Oh, my God. I feel like I'm going to have a little existential crisis about all of this because, yeah, I feel like even my YouTube channel, I didn't start YouTube because I expected to make it big on YouTube. I'm still. I haven't made it big on YouTube, but I'm just saying I didn't expect it to go anywhere. It was more me trying to vent and just get out some emotions at that time. So I didn't have plans for my YouTube channel, turned into covering Celsius, and it turned into me getting all these leaks, which I never would have expected in the first place, and then turned into me getting a front row seat to the biggest financial fraud scandal of our generation with Sam Bickman Fried. So all of this was unexpected, and I didn't have a plan going into any of this. And it did sort of take over my entire life. For the past, I guess, year or year and a half, I really enjoyed doing all of this. It's been like the most exciting and unexpected period of my life. But, yeah, now I don't. I didn't have some big plan to do after this. So it's sort of bittersweet now that the trial is over, because I feel like I have been obviously, talking to Sam and trying to learn about this case and was wondering what was going to end up happening with Sam and his criminal trial. And now that it's over, I do feel a little bit. A little bit lost, obviously. I think a lot of people are just telling me, like, you need to keep making videos about crypto fraud, etcetera, which I guess is a possible option. It's just that, like, I feel like I had my whole heart in the Celsius story because I lost money and I had, like, I was personally invested in what happened to Sam since I got to know him very well. So I'm just, like, wondering what thing is going to, like, really grab my attention from here on. But I don't plan on, like, leaving. I don't plan on, like, stopping doing anything. I want to continue on with all of this. Yeah, I do need to figure out what to do. I mean, you've been doing this for such a long time, so you. You've got this down path. But I do feel a little bit lost right now, and I'll probably have a little, like, crisis when I get back home for Thanksgiving.
Speaker B: Well, I mean, I think, like, it seems like you. So it's. What you're saying is you want to continue with the content creation.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. I just don't know what direction I want to go. Even, like, when I think about the crypto fraud stuff, I'm kind of. I don't know if the people who are interested in that stuff are necessarily people that I, like, necessarily agree with or would get along with in real life. I feel like some people who watch the crypto fraud stuff are very, like, pitchfork heavy people. Like, personally, I obviously don't think Sam is. Don't think Sam was innocent. And I've been trying. I've been relaying what I saw at trial pretty fairly, I think. But I do get a lot of comments from people who are like, that man needs to, like, I hope he gets explicit. You know, like, people want very explicit, like, violent things to happen. And that's not something that I am excited about or agree with. So I'm kind of like, is that the audience that I want to cultivate, like, people who are that angry at life and would want violent, horrible things to happen to anybody out there. So I've been trying to think through, like, if that's necessarily the path that I want to go down and continue, like, growing that nest, like, that exact audience, because I'm nothing. I'm not someone who ever wishes, like, violence on anyone. So it kind of scares me that it seems like a decent portion of my followers are that way. And I guess also some people have, like, been reaching out to me on, like, doing a bigger project on FTX or whatever, and I don't really know how to even do any of those kinds of things. Like, I haven't really thought about all that stuff, and I put all those conversations kind of on hold during trial, so that's something I also need to think about. But I don't have a plan, and I don't have. I haven't come to a conclusion about what to do with that stuff either.
Speaker B: So.
Speaker A: Sort of at a weird limbo phase of my life now.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, I get it. But it's. I think it's a good place to be where you, like, I tweeted about this when I reached the ten year anniversary of working for myself, and I talked about how just, like, when you pursue your own joy and passion, like, things will unfold for you. And I think that's what you did. Like, you found this very interesting and then you got involved and, you know, you know, when you put your heart and soul into something, like, it just. Yeah. Creates good energy around you and that brings more good things. So.
Speaker A: Totally. It has been really loved doing all this so far. Like, it's been really fun. So not planning on stopping, but I do need to think through what exactly I want to do or if I want to pivot or anything like that. But, yeah, it's been interesting. It's been a crazy year.
Speaker B: Yeah. Well, we will have to keep tabs on what you are up to next. So, Tiffany, I have so enjoyed this conversation. It's been a pleasure having you on Unchained.
Speaker A: Thank you. Thank you, Laura. You're the best.
Speaker B: Thanks so much for joining us today. Unchained is produced by me, Laura Shin, with up from Kevin Pukes, Matt Pilchard, Juan Aranovich, Megan Davis, Nelson Wong Shashank, and Margaret Courier. Thanks for listening. Unchained is now a part of the Coindesk podcast network for the latest in digital assets. Check out markets daily, seven days a week with new host Noel Acheson. Follow the Coindesk podcast Network for some of the best shows in crypto.
