Speaker A: Hey unchained listeners, as you know its.
Speaker B: Hard keeping up with the fast paced world of crypto, so weve got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. youll get the latest crypto news in original articles from our reporters, as well as summaries of other happenings in bullet points, plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. Its still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot.
Speaker A: Hi everyone, Laura here with your unchained recap of day three of the criminal trial for Sam Bankman Fried three people testified during the Sam Bankman fried trial Thursday, with one declaring that FTX, quote, defrauded all of its customers and another stating that he had committed financial crimes. Former FTX software developer Adam Yudidia, Paradigm co founder Matt Huang, and FTX co founder Gary Wong took the witness stand, answering questions about their interactions with bankman Fried and his business dealings. Yadidia, who finished his two day testimony on Thursday, shared with the court why he resigned from FTX in December 2021. Yadidia became aware of a bug in FTX's codebase that overstated how much money Alameda research owed FTX. When FTX customers deposited Fiat money, namely the us dollar, into the exchange, sometimes they would route it to an account at Silvergate bank controlled by Alameda Research, but under the name North Dimension. This was tracked internally in the FTX database with an account called fiatx.com dot. At the time the bug was discovered, FTX's internal system had mistakenly indicated that Alameda Research owed 500 million more dollars than it actually owed to FTX customers. But by the time it was fixed in June 2022, it revealed that Alameda owed $8 billion to FTX customers, a large and concerning number to Yadidia. At this point, Yadidia had a conversation with Bankman Freed in the paddle tennis courts at Albany, the luxury community where they lived in the Bahamas. Yadidia asked the defendant if everything was okay, and Benkman Fried responded, quote, we were bulletproof last year. We're not bulletproof this year. When Yadidia asked how long it might be before they're bulletproof again, the former FTX CEO replied that it might be six months to three years. In November 2022, as FTX was imploding and employees had already started leaving, Yadidia told Banquet Freed via signal, quote, I love you, Sam. I'm not going anywhere. To reassure him that he would also not quit, however, Yadidia's attitude changed when he received a phone call from a fellow FTX developer, Leela Clark, who told him Alameda research had used FTX customer deposits to pay Alameda's loans to its lenders. During questioning by the prosecution, he revealed that in June, when he'd seen that Alameda owed $8 billion to FTX customers, he had assumed Alameda had the ability to repay that debt. But in November, after Layla's call, he said he realized, quote, if Alameda was repaying its loans with FTX customer money, that implied it didn't have money of its own to repay the loans with, which means the money was simply gone. The prosecutor later asked once more about how Yadidia believed in FTX previously and asked why his belief in the company changed. At that point, he exclaimed, well, FTX defrauded all of its customers. That silenced the courtroom for several seconds. Next up was Matt Wong, co founder of crypto investment firm Paradigm. He detailed how and why Paradigm invested into FTX starting in 2021. Wong said that Paradigm was impressed with FTX's liquidation engine and its growth in market share. He also expressed how Paradigm's investment decision would have been severely impacted if he had known FTX could transfer customer deposits out of the exchange wallets and use them for its own purposes. During his testimony, prosecutors showed email correspondence between bankman Freed and paradigm employee Arjun Balaji, in which the VC firm expressed concern about the lack of traditional corporate governance structures at FTX. Baliji wrote, quote, as we understand, FTX is effectively owned and controlled by Sam, lacking more traditional corporate governance model rights, etcetera. One example of where this can negatively manifest with crypto companies is through unintended value leverage via FTT, Alameda or some other mechanism. At another point in his testimony, Huang said it was generally understood that customer deposits are sort of sacred, that when customers deposit into the exchange, they expect the ability to get them back out. According to Hwang, Paradigm had invested roughly $278 million into FTX since 2021, and that investment has since been marked to zero. Gary Wong, the co founder of Alameda Research and FTX, began his testimony by declaring that he had committed financial crimes, specifically wire fraud, securities fraud and commodities fraud, during his time at FTX. Wong, who was also FTX's chief technology officer, had said Benkman Fried had directed him to place code inside FTX's software that gave special privileges to Alameda. As a result, Alameda could withdraw and transfer out an unlimited amount of customer deposits from FTX even with a negative balance on the exchange, as well as place trade orders faster than other customers, giving Alameda a strategic advantage. Additionally, Wong stated that Alameda had a credit line of $65 billion, substantially bigger than large market makers on the exchange that only had single to double digit million dollar credit lines. During his testimony, the prosecution also explained how the name Alameda research was chosen for the proprietary trading firm. They played a clip from a Blockworks podcast interview with Bankman Fried in which he said, quote, we knew banks were going to shut us down if we named our company Shitcoin day Traders, Inc. But no one doesnt like research. Wong will continue his testimony tomorrow Friday, after which Zach Prince, CEO of Blockfi, will take the witness stand. Tune back in tomorrow with another update from unchained. On Friday's testimony.
