Speaker A: Hey unchained listeners. As you know, its hard keeping up.
Speaker B: With the fast paced world of crypto.
Speaker A: So weve got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. youll get the latest crypto news in original articles from our reporters, as well as summaries of other happenings in bullet points. Plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. Its still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot. Not a dividend, its a tale of Tuqwan.
Speaker B: Now your losses are on someone elses balance sheet.
Speaker C: Generally speaking, airdrops are kind of pointless anyways.
Speaker B: I manage trading firms who are very involved.
Speaker A: Pollock EtH is the ultimate defi protocols.
Speaker D: Are the antidote to this problem.
Speaker B: All right, hello everybody. Welcome to the chopping block. Every couple of weeks, the four of us get together and give the industry insider's perspective on the crypto topics of the day. So quick intros. First, we've got Tom, the defi maven and master of memes. Next up, Robert, crypto connoisseur and captain of compound. Then you've got Tarun, the giga brain and grand poo bah at Gauntlet. And lastly, you've got myself and Haseeb, the head hype man at Dragonfly. All four of us are early stage investors in crypto, but I want to caveat that nothing we say here is investment advice, legal advice, or even life advice. So it has been an absolutely insane and harrowing year. Uh, so much stuff has happened this year. It's one of those, um, I think it was, wasn't it Stalin who said there are weeks when nothing happens or not? Sorry, years where nothing happens, and then weeks where decades happen, or something like that. This feels like a year where centuries happened.
Speaker A: Can I ask you one question? Do we start with the good news first or the bad news first in, like, you know, if in your storytelling.
Speaker B: Style, I think it's hard to begin with bad news because the year started pretty good, right? Like, I mean, bitcoin was at 50 something k when the year started, and, like, things were feeling like, I remember. So I listened back to our end of year. The first ever episode of the chopping block actually was December, like 20th something last year. So it was basically the same time of year. Last year, and we were looking forward on the year and reflecting on what went well, what went poorly, and we were also optimistic. It's like really crazy how even the things that were negative last year, in retrospect, we're so small and minuscule compared to the horrible things that have befallen people in this industry in 2022. So what we're going to do is we're going to go through, actually in the same order that we went through, the winners and losers, the biggest winners and losers in all the different categories for last year. So just as a sneak preview, the categories are going to be biggest winner, biggest loser, best mechanism, biggest surprise, best meme. And then we're going to make predictions for 2023. So that's the game plan. We're going to start with biggest winner. Okay, so just as a reminder, last year, what we said in 2021, the biggest winners were alt l one s coinbase from its IPO, Solana, Opensea, Lido and Dogecoin. Okay? That's what we said were the biggest winners of 2021. 2022 biggest winners. I know it's hard to find anybody who won this year, but Robert, why don't you start? Who is your 2022 biggest winner for this year?
Speaker D: So the biggest winner of 2022 are, I don't know if you've seen this meme on Twitter, stablecoin bulls. The people that were stablecoin maxing who were posting memes of like, ripped blue USDC bowls, and anyone who basically was following a market neutrality stable coins esque strategy. So there were some corners of the industry where people all year were maxing out their stables and just chasing yield wherever they could find it. Now, some of these people chasing yield got felled by c five landmines, by, you know, defi hacks, by whatever. But for the most part, the stable coin bulls were one of the rare pockets of winners this year.
Speaker B: It's funny, I've got one guy who replies a bunch to my tweets, who is constantly writing threads about, let me explain to you how this thing is actually going to change the world. Here's a thread. And he wrote one about USDC. I was like, what is going on? But that guy printed this year. That guy did amazing this year compared to the rest of us.
Speaker D: Yeah, the people who were chasing half a percent a month yields did fantastic this year.
Speaker A: There was a Ust bull. So maybe not. You may want to, you may want to, like, put a boundary around all the different bull meme accounts.
Speaker D: Even, even UST bowl did great this year. I mean, you know, sorry, not Ust sorry. I thought you said USD.
Speaker A: No, USD bowl. There was a US t bowl that, of course.
Speaker D: Yeah, I'm sure we're going to. That was one of the many stable coin landmines that did exist. But also, tether didn't blow up this year, even though there's a couple of moments where it traded off two and a half percent. In general, the stablecoin bulls were, in my definition, the winners.
Speaker C: Totally agree. Also, I think just from an issuance and transaction volume perspective, you're hitting new all time highs in stablecoins. Not only did they do well from a portfolio perspective, but from a usage and metrics perspective, stablecoins are kind of killing it right now.
Speaker B: Bullish. Bullish on stable coins. Nice. Okay, uh, Tarun, what is your biggest winner for 2022?
Speaker A: You know, I'm not trying to. To butter up our host too much, but I actually think Laura Shin had an amazing 2022. She had an amazing book that came out. She had a bunch of amazing scoops with both, all of the villains, as well as with Martin Shkreli last week. I think she had probably the best year in crypto journalism of everyone. The mainstream media completely blew it. Forbes looked stupid because all they were doing was constantly lapping up SBF. Every week they did all those crazy articles that people cite, all the VC funds. We know how well their media strategy went. I gotta say, laura Shin's kind of last journalist standing. Really killing it this year. So I'm gonna give her. This is not like me sucking up to the teacher, you know, being like, oh, like, I actually think she had an amazing year.
Speaker B: I think you're absolutely right about that. However, I just want I should add, you know, being that we are on this show, we also had a pretty amazing year in lockstep with Laura. Right? Like, we had almost every crypto villain on the show except for three arrows. Three arrows was the only crypto villain we didn't have on the show who.
Speaker A: Has wanted to be on the show.
Speaker B: That's true. And I think we've had a pretty good track record of calling stuff out. I think FTX, we messed up FTX, we did not call out pretty much at all until after FTX blew up, but almost everything else. I think we were fairly prescient before things ended up exploding. So I think overall, we end up looking okay. I think Laura definitely looks better than we did, but I think chopping blog was a pretty good year for us.
Speaker A: I mean, Laura had an unreal year, journalism wise, I think this might be the bumper year.
Speaker D: Well, I'll add on and say also, citizen journalism on crypto Twitter this year had a real breakout performance. I mean, this is one of the years where, in general, crypto Twitter was scooping. A lot of major stories later were covered by media organizations ranging all the way from Kobe finding the insider trading at Coinbase, to people revealing some of the weaknesses at Celsius, people doing research on FTX as it was collapsing. There was Zach XBT breaking all of these different scams and rug pulls. This was a year of citizen journalism on crypto Twitter. And in addition to Laura being great, in addition to us being decent, crypto Twitter did an awesome job this year.
Speaker B: And a runner up to block explorers. So many of the big stories this year were told through block explorers. And I think a lot of people, a lot of journalists especially, got acquainted with block explorers for the first time this year. All right, Tom, you're up next. Biggest winner.
Speaker C: You know, I was still feeling pretty good about my last pick, which is Lido, and they still seem to be crushing it. But in the interest of doing something new, I'm going to go with DeFi. I think this is the story that we kind of keep telling time and time again, which is, yes, a lot of these C five ponzis have blown up, but DeFi is still doing well. Other than the hack here and there, the core DeFi primitives are still solvent. Users still have money. They're still functioning. They're still issuing loans. A lot of them are making a lot of money. And so I think this would have been a crucible for the industry overall. But I think also a great narrative enhancer for why DeFi is important and also obviously, a great, it feels like sort of the redemption arc from March 2020 of a lot of these things blowing up or incurring losses or realizing they need to be fixed. This was sort of the flip side of that, of them sort of coming home and showing that these things are very resilient and they work as intended and they're necessary. Now, you can't just rely on the trust of any single centralized actor with Defi that the proof is on chain.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's such a good point. I think you said on a previous show that Defi really went through a hero's journey. I think that's a perfect metaphor for the experience of DeFi from 2020 when Covid started to, I guess, 2022, when Covid ended in some places, that DeFi really showed its mettle, given a challenge of similar proportion to what happened in March 2020, but with a totally different kind of hardened skillset and maturity than what we saw the last time we.
Speaker A: Saw Crisis for Defi, one actual question is, if there's really a hero's journey, who's going to make the movie?
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker D: There's going to be, for sure an FTX movie, but I don't know if that's going to cover Defi.
Speaker C: Robert, who would you want to play you in the Defi movie?
Speaker B: Yeah, who's going to play Robert? That's a great question. Zach Galifian.
Speaker D: I would love for Zack to.
Speaker B: But here's the thing about Defi, is that if DeFi succeeds, there can't be a movie about it because there are no characters. Hey, hey.
Speaker A: I like that. Yeah, that's true. But I do kind of feel like there's still a story. Like, even if the characters made, the characters are more transient. Like they, like, have some important. They go away.
Speaker B: A narrative film without characters. So it's kind of like, it's like, you know, Koyana Scotsy or something.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's. You need some anons, need some voice actors. You know, it can just be like someone voicing DJ and Spartan, and that's sort of the movie.
Speaker A: I guess it has to be an anime, right? Is that what you're sort of now implementing?
Speaker B: I would 100% watch a DeFi anime. That sounds amazing. Sounds amazing. All right, so my 2022 biggest winner of the year is the EVM. So the EVM has absolutely crushed its primary competitor. Last year was basically a combination of the Solana virtual machine as well as Wasm. There were a bunch of wasm based chains that were really trying to make a run at EVM. And this idea was coming around that maybe the EVM, which is the ethereum sort of operating system, so to speak, wasn't going to win or was going to be displaced in the near future. It's become increasingly clear that that is not going to happen. Now with the downfall of Solana, nine of the top ten chains by TVL are all EVM based. The EVM has just become completely and utterly dominant in everything contract based. And it's very hard to see that turning around at this point. I think one of the clear winners in a year with not a lot of wins has been the EVM.
Speaker C: It's a great pick.
Speaker B: Fair enough. So, okay.
Speaker A: I guess, actually, one addendum maybe to that is, I think one interesting thing to watch is whether the ZkE EVM kind of version of the world will be the next iteration, or whether it will be other virtual machines that host a ZK EVM. And right now we're starting to see what's the future of the EVM. And I think that's something to look forward to in 2023, because it's very, it's not clear at all what the final state is for, like the next. What's the thing Pokemon do? Evolution. Yeah, there we go.
Speaker B: Pokemon do.
Speaker D: That's your basis for evolution as Pokemon?
Speaker A: Yeah, sorry, sorry, sorry.
Speaker C: What's that thing that animals do? Yeah.
Speaker B: That'S good. Yeah, no, you're absolutely 100%. I want to clarify, actually, in saying that I think the EVM is now dominant does not mean that the EVM is done or that we've reached the end of the line. And this is the charizard of virtual machines, as you will. In fact, it's a sign that there's much more work to do, because clearly the EVM is not going to get us to the promised land. The EVM is still super janky. It's basically unchanged from when it was originally developed. We are in the action script stage of JavaScript's development. There's so much more that's going to be done, I think to, one, improve the EVM, but then second, other virtual machines will still take a run at the VM and try to improve it at the margin, or build upon it and innovate upon the foundation of the EVM, but change things underneath it. But I think EVM is probably going to be now just the lingua. Franco, the core concepts behind EVM are probably going to be enshrined in how blockchains work.
Speaker A: Do you remember how in the two thousands, early 2010s, there was a new JavaScript framework every year that became the hot thing for a year, and then it would disappear. Do you feel like that's going to happen here? Because I guess you could argue the hard hat foundry transition looks a little bit like that. Yeah, yeah.
Speaker C: I feel like the dev tooling and framework in vogue within crypto turns over, over time, but like the consistent bit is the EVM, which is also true for JavaScript.
Speaker A: Yeah, it'd be cool to see just like a diagram of the comparison, like the timelines of these two types of things, because I feel like there is a lot of parallels.
Speaker B: Totally, totally. Okay, so, biggest winner. It's kind of a feel good section. I think it's going to be the biggest loser section is probably going to be quite a bit meatier this year because it was a year of a lot of losses, let's say.
Speaker A: Should we do two per person? Because I feel like we might need a. There's a lot of space.
Speaker D: If you want to, you can do two. I'm going to do one.
Speaker B: Okay. We'll let people do what they feel in terms of losers. So just, just to recap, what did we say as biggest losers last year? We said the grayscale GPTC trade, which, oh boy, did we have no idea what was coming on that bitcoin as one of the biggest losers hen, which was an early tezos NFT marketplace and then eos, those are what we said was the biggest losers last year. In retrospect, very naive to say that any of those had really lost compared to what was coming for them.
Speaker A: But okay, biggest loser, hey, GBTC gets some credit. Come on. That one was a good, that was a good prediction. Even if the wrong rationale, I'm saying.
Speaker B: There'S much more pain coming. There was so much more pain coming than what we imagined at that time.
Speaker D: Yeah, I'll take credit for naming GBTC last year. It was also one of the big losers this year. But you know that. We'll see what happens next year. Maybe it'll be the big winner next year as it gets unwound.
Speaker B: So what's your pick for this year, Robert?
Speaker D: Well, I'm going to state the absolutely most obvious award winner for the biggest loser this year, and this might be a slightly controversial take, but I, I believe that this year the biggest loser was the reputation of the industry from the perspective of outsiders. So starting off with the implosion of terra and UST, which was one of the fastest growing algorithmic stable coins and alternative l one blockchains of all time, which did about directly $60 billion worth of damage and indirectly a couple hundred billion dollars worth of damage to the rest of the industry, following up with the collapse of every single CFI lender, some for innocuous reasons, some for terrible blunders, some for deliberate fraud, the collapse of every single CFI lender, culminating in the collapse of FTX externally the most respected exchanges of all time with a founder that was widely revered outside of our industry. For better or for worse, all of these things, in my opinion, have done a tremendous amount of damage to the reputation of the industry and collectively share the award for our industry's loss of respect this year.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's a very sobering answer. I think you're very right. It's something that I think all of us have experienced just in retrospect thinking to what it felt like December last year when all of my friends thought the coolest thing in the world was to be a crypto VC. And now it's, like, the cringiest thing in the world to be a crypto vc. Anecdotally, I have heard from a lot of my friends that if they're single, that their dating prospects massively changed between this year and last year, just because crypto has lost so much face culturally compared to what it felt like in 2021.
Speaker A: Look, I hate to say it, but all four of us are, unfortunately, for better or worse, tarred and feathered with being closer to Ian balena than we are to, you know, sanctity.
Speaker B: This is true. That's true. All right, well, Tarun, what do you say? Biggest loser of 2022 in a competitive field?
Speaker A: My two. I kind of have two that I'm tied for on the tech side, because I'm going to try to maybe more focus on, like, technology side. And I'm reticent to call out both of these, because I actually think they do have vibrant communities, and they clearly made a mark. One, obviously, is the Solana ecosystem. I just think, like, the sheer number of blows that they've taken is unreal. And if they survive, this is like an ETH $88 event. If Solana's ecosystem survives, I think they just are a cockroach after this. But if they die, this is an insane amount of death blows to get at once. Let's start with the beginning of the year. Wormhole hack, mainly effect Solana and needed sort of a centralized gatekeeper to step in with the capital buffer. Right. It wasn't able to kind of reconcile telefon. And then I think a lot of the interesting thing was there's a lot of ties between the Solana ecosystem and to some extent, the Luna ecosystem, partially because bridging was actually easy between them. And that started, really the spiral of people just starting to remove money. Then there were a bunch of hacks, partially because a lot of the Defi protocols in Solana were just never open source or not audited. And I think in the gaga days of 2021, no one really cared. But obviously, this year, I think people started to pay more attention. And then, of course, you had the mango hack, you had FTX. The thing that's interesting is the people who are still around in salon land do seem to have the mentality that I feel like east people had. So I'm hoping that they can get a little bit of a reprieve just because, you know, there's a lot of really smart, hardworking people in that ecosystem who are not like, just like Djen, NfT whatever traders they actually are, like, trying to build new technology. And that has a particular philosophical vision of what it should look like. And there's pros and cons to it. Yeah, I mean, also, I forgot to mention the biggest one in my mind, to some extent, was the loss of serum, because a lot of their DeFi ecosystem was built around serum as sort of like the main liquidity center.
Speaker B: The thing that's really interesting is that. So actually, one of the predictions you made last year was that there was going to be a massive hack within the saloon of axe ecosystem, which you like many times over. You were definitely right about that. But a lot of us thought last year you called out the closed source nature of Solana. It wasn't really because of hacks that Solana ended up bleeding out. Its DeFi, actually, that was happening much more aggressively on BSC, which has actually been more resilient than Solana. On the DeFi side, it seems like Solana Defi really was a death by a thousand cuts because of liveness. Is that just the blockchain kept going down this year, especially for the first half of the year, due to all these crazy nFT kind of thundering herds.
Speaker A: But also the hacks, even the bridge hacks caused liveness losses.
Speaker B: Right, but the bridge hack was made whole. Right? So, like, people actually didn't lose money on the hacks in Solana, lost a lot of money on BSC.
Speaker A: A lot of the DeFi users have lost money. So in Solend, for instance, one of the craziest things that you would see right after the wormhole hack, because at that time, wormhole had synthetic assets. So you lock up Eth on ETH, and you get this IOU weth thing on Solana, and that thing depegged significantly. And so people were using as collateral, being marked one to one on Solana as if it was equal to an ETH, but it actually was redeeming for much less than the DeFi users actually took some huge losses in the hacks that are different than just, like, people crossing, like, lenders on the Solana side who lent USDC Solana took huge losses. So my point is, there's all this stuff that it is definitely death by 1000 cuts, but there's a lot of stuff that went wrong. And I think part of it is all the things that grew last year needed to give this pump effect to each other constantly. And so, like, when that all explodes, even if you actually are, like, the one who, who has a lot of things that didn't intrinsically blow up, your being constantly in the shrapnel is going to just, like, really, really hurt you from, from many different versions of the world. So I, but like I said, I, you know, I, even though in my mind, they are certainly the biggest loser on the technology side, I think a lot of other things that were sort of weird were like, I think the Solana phone was kind of like a crazy thing. That's like an idea that people makes a lot of sense because actually, it's really hard to get phone manufacturers to build trusted enclaves for certain types of keys and stuff like that. But it feels like they did a bunch of stuff prematurely that now doesn't look that great in hindsight. And the other thing I tie with them is probably the NFT ecosystem. I just think, like, I, it's like there's just so much that went wrong there. I feel like this year, and I don't know where to start with that, Robert quit NFTs. Robert quit NFTs this year.
Speaker B: That's true. That's true.
Speaker D: That's true. I quit nfts this year.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, if you look at NFT monthly actives and you look at NFT mints, actually those numbers look pretty healthy. So I think it's a mixed story.
Speaker C: I was going to say NFTs are surprisingly resilient. I think they're isolated. They're in their own little world for the most part. And so, yeah, from a user numbers and activity perspective, NFTs actually look great. Obviously, the prices and volumes are maybe not catch up with 2021, but independent.
Speaker B: Of that, yeah, I think NFT holders are poorer, but there's still a lot of them and they're still pretty active and they're still pretty animated about what they're doing. But I think the envy of normies of the NFT world, that has gone away. That's done, actually.
Speaker A: Another loser. I'll add the word normie. I don't think it had a good year.
Speaker D: Is it time to retire the word?
Speaker B: We'll bring it back in the next bull market, I think for now, we'll put it in the pantry. We'll pull it out when we need it.
Speaker A: Do you guys agree? It kind of started the year as this. I'm better than you, whatever, asshole. Dubai Miami crypto person shtick. And, like, by the end of the year, it's like, wow, don't you wish you were a normie?
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. I've felt that feeling quite a few times. All right, Tom, what is your biggest loser for 2022?
Speaker C: You know, again, I'm still feeling pretty good about my 2021 pick of bitcoin, where this year we saw real inflation, we saw a worse macro picture. And bitcoin, you know, just kind of traded like every other growth asset. And so the inflation resistance narrative is kind of dead. And then in comparison, obviously ETH had a great year with issuance going negative for a brief period, merge completing successfully. But again, in the interest of picking something new, I had Ponzis as a category overall and I think what we saw this year, yes, there were many different independent collapses, but they all had a similar shape to them, which were byproducts of a zero interest rate environment. Very pro reflexivity, very pro leverage. And sort of when that momentum started to stall out, they all fell. And that could be a luna, that could be an axie, that could be a literal three arrows or FTX or whatever it is. But it feels like all the big losers this year have that in common, where when the gas starts to run out and the momentum starts to die, these things get hit the hardest. So I think it's good probably that these are no longer with us, but overall that's kind of how I see a lot of the big failure stories of 2022.
Speaker B: This is actually exactly one of the things that I picked. I called it tokenomics, which I think this is a terrible year for tokenomics. Anything that you wrote a medium post about last year explaining the tokenomics, every single one of them got absolutely destroyed this year. So whether it's Luna, whether it's axie, whether it's ve tokens, whether it's all this defi 2.0 crazy recursive nonsense, almost everything that had anything interesting about his tokenomics just got absolutely exploded. So I think even the term tokenomics, I think might have to go in the pantry alongside Normie because it has not aged well as a term.
Speaker C: It's a little cringey. It's a little cringey now.
Speaker B: Yeah. So actually when I talk to entrepreneurs or founders about tokenomics at this point, I tell them, don't even think about tokenomics, just don't say the word. Tokenomics is a distraction from just build a good product that people want to use and if you do that, then maybe you have a chance of building something valuable. But tokenomics wont get you there. At this point we basically dont have examples of when tokenomics actually created great products.
Speaker A: Tokenomics are a zero interest rate phenomenon.
Speaker D: Well, I would actually equate tokenomics to financial engineering. Absent financial engineering, companies on Wall street have to be successful, otherwise they go bankrupt, and that's the end of the story. There's also examples. Look at the 1980s using debt, look at the 1990s using new equity structures. There's examples of financial engineering complementing strong underlying businesses to be, you know, one and a half x successful or two x successful. But there has to be an underlying, you know, value and success driver there. Otherwise, you know, whether you call it financial engineering or tokenomics, that's not going to, you know, change the core. It's just going to put, you know, lipstick on a dead pig. Right? Like, I do think there is a world, you know, maybe in the future where there's lots of successful crypto networks, crypto protocols, crypto things that augment their incredibly sound core with innovative token design. And I think that's an enhancer when done correctly, but I think there has to be a really strong foundation.
Speaker B: It's a good point. I think arguably the only real protocol with good tokenomics at this point is ethereum itself. Almost everything else that you would admire for its token, it's. Tokenomics just has been an absolute dog. And usually it's some kind of cart before the horse thing where the tokenomics is the interesting part and the product kind of sucks. Now, it's very clear that's a huge anti pattern, but very attractive in a zero interest rate environment.
Speaker A: The way I like to describe it is if you took steroids and you didn't work out, you're not getting jacked. That's how I described.
Speaker B: That is a perfect. That is a perfect encapsulation. So I had a double feature. So my other big loser for the year, last year, I said the biggest winner was Kyle Somali, and this year he's also the biggest loser. So Kyle Somali is the managing partner at Multicoin Capital, which is a big Solana and FTX affiliated investment firm. They made huge bets on Solana, which did extremely extraordinarily well last year. One of the best performing funds in venture history, this year gave a ton of it. Back road Solana down. We have public statements that they've made or not public statements, let's just say leaked statements to their own investors. They lost 10% of their net assets on FTX, in addition to owning FTT, having invested into FTX equity and owning Solana, as well as a bunch of investments on top of Solana, almost all of which have gotten really destroyed this year. So I feel for the guy. I like Kyle. We've had him on the show, a great dude, but he has just gotten absolutely hammered this year, and I feel for him. I'd say alongside Kyle, I'd say growth.
Speaker A: Investors, you don't include hashed.
Speaker B: Hash definitely got hit, but they were working on a much smaller base than what I think. Multicoin was really just, they were just champions of the universe. At the end of last year, they could do no wrong. And I think now this year, they've just taken a beating that on a different scale than hash. They weren't that high up. When I think they got really hit by Terra and everything that happened in that ecosystem, I mean, it was still.
Speaker A: Like $3 billion lost, right? Something like that. They had a luna position that was gigantic lunanios.
Speaker B: Right, right. I mean, multicoin had a big Solana position, too. Plus FTX Equity, Solana's not zero. True, true, true, true. The FTX equity is zero, Solana, not zero. Yeah, they, they lost a lot as well. It might be close tie. It might be close. The other, the other separately. I'd say also growth investors as a category. When it comes to investors, growth investors just got absolutely shafted this year. I don't think there's any investors, any growth stage investors in crypto who have made money now. I'm pretty sure every single one is down very significantly. And, of course, half of them put money into FTX, so it's been a bad year for growth.
Speaker A: The best thing about last year that I remember that I was very confused about was when people who are growth investors were like, oh, you know what I'm going to do? I'm going to start doing early stage investments by basically investing in whatever FTX invests. And I was like, wait, wait, wait. I thought you were supposed to be a growth stage investor. Why are you copy trading seed stage investments from one of your growth stage investments? That was one of the crazy things of December 2021 that, you know, I don't think we're going to see it for a while.
Speaker D: There's also the opposite seed stage investors investing in late rounds and growth rounds.
Speaker B: Very true.
Speaker D: And that was equally disastrous. So, you know, it goes both ways.
Speaker B: Yeah. The lesson overall is like, stay in your lane, stick to what you're good at. Otherwise, you're going to get hurt. And in a bull market, everything gets rewarded. Right? It's like you're, you're riding on a slip and slide and everyone's going to make it to the water. In a bear market, you are like driving into oncoming traffic. And you better be, you better know exactly where you're going and time all your turns because otherwise you are just going to get wrecked. And that seems to be the story of investing. This year we've got some biggest losers. Let's move on to best mechanism. Okay, this ultimately is a podcast about crypto and crypto mechanisms. Last year, what we said was that the best mechanisms were uni V three, Convex Finance plus curve, the whole symbiotic ecosystem there, ohm and ESD, which is empty set dollar. Those were our picks for best mechanism last year. Let's see what our updates are to those best mechanisms. Robert, what do you got? Best mechanism?
Speaker D: Well, I'm going to simultaneously award best mechanism and worst mechanism to the same recipient, because this is a slightly abstract one. Im going to award MeV on the Ethereum blockchain, both best mechanism and worst mechanism. So I think this year, more than anything, was a year of extreme normalization of MeV, of embedding it directly into the block manufacturing process with MeV Boost, the extreme success of flashbots, and theres certainly a few other block builders. MeV, I think this year reached its inflection point, and I don't think this is necessarily a good thing, but I think from the perspective of what mechanism has been wildly successful, has seen significant growth and almost a unilateral adoption. Well, Mev, I think as a mechanism, has won this year. Now, I don't think this is a good thing. I think in some ways it runs completely counter to the interests of the users of the blockchain Ethereum. I think it's a little bit ironic and perverse to see MeV essentially officially condoned, so to speak, because I don't think it runs along the long term interests of the users of the blockchain, but it's definitely the most interesting and successful mechanism. In future years, we might say it was the least successful mechanism, or that cannibalized user base, or it had these negative externalities or whatever. But for the time being this year.
Speaker B: Mev, yeah, that is a very good point. I think since the merge, there's been so much more conversation about MeV outside of people who are sort of defi insiders and understand the machinations of how MEV auctions and flashbots and all this stuff really works. Now, it's impossible to not be aware of the politics of Mev that I think is new.
Speaker A: It was in Elizabeth Warren's proposed bill. Mev got a mention in there about malicious activity that needs to be stopped pretty directly.
Speaker B: Oh, fascinating. I didn't know that. That's crazy. So, Mev Tarun, what is your vote? Best mechanism, 2022.
Speaker A: So last year, my mechanism, I want to defend it a little bit because it actually did survive, which is the om bond, because Ohm didn't go to zero like Luna. And most of the reason was the bonds actually locked people up for a long time and they had the steady exit out of the main token instead of this rush to the exit behavior. Now, the Ponzi staking coin ship that I'm not. I'm not going to try to defend that. But the own bond, I think, is actually a very. Is like, I think that will be over time. Like, bond like mechanisms will somehow make it to defi. You know, there have been many attempts. Some of them gave up, some didn't. Whatever.
Speaker B: But, like, Drew, this is a weird hill to die on, but, okay, do.
Speaker A: I ever die on very normal hills?
Speaker B: That is true. That is true. You would only die on an extremely weird hill. That is very true.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: Are you doubling down? This is your best mechanism to still.
Speaker A: No, no. Okay, so I think there's, this year has been actually a year where it reminds me of 2018, where people went from, you know, like, 2017, like, high. All these crazy ideas like x on blockchain or Y is a new blockchain to like, oh, like, let's invest in hard technology. Like, starkware got founded then and stuff like that. And so I actually think the interesting thing is that there's a lot of new mechanisms that have not been tested that have come out theoretically this year that I think will be successful in the next few years. And those are the ones I'd probably highlight of, like, things like Eigen layer, which, you know, like, you know, whether it's implemented by Eigen layer, whether it's implemented by someone else. The idea of restaking your locked assets to offer other services as a validator is going to be kind of a really big thing, especially in a world where there's a lot more zk proof generation. And I just think, like, this was a good year for, like, theoretical mechanism design and less on they apply, like, the stuff in practice. Like, yeah, like, kind of, like Robert said, like, Mev is, like, kind of the only thing that got better. Better in some efficiency sense.
Speaker B: That that may be because theoretical designs are not mark to market, whereas everything else is. So it looks good when there's no price on it.
Speaker A: I think it's actually, like, in a bull market, people do the, like hey, let me copy pasta. Like, take something existing, tweak it a little bit, make, put that out right. And when things crash, people are like, okay, I need to take a, like, much larger bet. And I feel like those are the mechanisms that I think were good this year. I think all the ones implemented were people just trying to, like, re relive last year's hurrah but with high interest rates.
Speaker B: I generally agree with you, but I don't think that we actually entered that phase this year until relatively recently. I think most of this year, although prices were declining post Luna.
Speaker A: Like, the moment Luna happened, like, it was quite fast.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Like all of a sudden, all of a sudden, all the investors I knew who last year, oh, this is another big loser in my mind, the phrase web three. But like, all the investors who are touting dog shit Nft stuff, which, you know, listeners of this show have, have literally said the same thing to me about, like, they can't believe all these funds invest in this stuff. The idea that, like, they all flipped the moment Luna happened to try and be like, oh, we're going to do hard tech again. No, more like random wallets or like some NFT type thing. And it was like such a fast flip from the investment side that it also drew all these kind of new mechanisms. And so the Luna thing was clearly either LP's of all these funds got angry at them or the funds were like, oh, shit, we can't invest in dog shit NFTs anymore. I don't know what it was. There was just this huge transition, like June, July of the year. You just saw the investment landscape changed dramatically.
Speaker B: That's totally true. That's totally true. But I do feel like after FTX, after Luna, things felt like, okay, we're not in a bull market anymore, right? Things are. We've been kind of chastened by the realities of, hey, bad things can happen in crypto, but I think it's really after three arrows collapsed and then after FTX that it really felt like we were in a bear market. I think three arrows was the feeling that, okay, not just did bad things happen, we're in a bear market now, and we kind of deserve it. Things aren't going to go back up anymore. And then the party's over. After three years, felt like the party was over, whereas Luna felt like somebody knocked over a vase and it was a very expensive vase and it's a big deal and we're kind of in trouble. But the music's still playing, right? After 3 hours, the music stopped after FTX. It's like, oh, one part of the house exploded. Things are very, very bad. And the feeling, I do actually think that what you're describing, Tarun, this feeling that when entrepreneurs come in the space, it demands much more seriousness of them. I think that really started after FTX. And I think now when I talk to entrepreneurs, there is just no sense that anything cutesy is going to work in crypto anymore. I feel like there was a big tonal shift in the way that entrepreneurs view starting a startup in crypto.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, I don't see any more puff posts and I see all these funds hiring cryptographers instead of celebrities. So there's such a gigantic change. I mean, there's one fund I'm talking about in particular, which is pretty obvious who that is for that they literally flip from celebrity endorsement people to, oh, we're hiring a ton of cryptographers. That literally started in June. It was such a. The three arrows learn nothing was a complete shift to the way people's behavior, behavior it was. And I think that's one of the reasons I'm very negative on NFTs for quite a while, because I don't think any of these like larger players are going to come back for a while.
Speaker B: Okay, Tom, what do you got for best mechanism of 2022?
Speaker C: This one's maybe a little esoteric, but I went with liquidity mining on blur. Blur, for those that don't know, is the NFT aggregator. It's a NFT aggregator and there's sort of been this thing where basically last year Opensea really blew up and everyone saw how much money they were making and now there have been, they basically have this target on their back. And there have been a lot of competitors that have come out trying to take down Opensea, like Elixir, an x two, y two. And they always launched Opensea but with a token. And the idea was, well, we can use the token to incentivize people to use our platform, then maybe we can use that to overtake Opensea. And they were always so terribly designed. There are always some permutation of trade mining, which we know has all these issues. And that's why you see these stories coming out about NFT wash trading and you see these tokens getting farm and dumb. It's so obvious. I feel like if you're in the space that these types of token incentives don't work, if you're just incentivizing people to wash trade. Blur was really one of the first that came out well a, it had a great product b, it was an aggregator on day one. Even the day one experience without needing supplemental liquidity is going to be superior just to showing up to some random exchange. But three, they actually incentivize people to place bids near the floor and basically you get compensated more the closer your bid is to the floor. It creates this incentive to provide liquidity, which is what every NFT exchange or every exchange period lives and dies on. That's why you've seen, I think, them be so successful not just on a volume perspective, but more importantly from a user perspective, from a depth of liquidity perspective. They, I think, had a very clear line on sight on how to take on the giant in the room which is opensea. And so far it seems to be paying off pretty well. So that's my number one mechanism I think for 2022 is a blur going after this big prize.
Speaker B: Yeah, great pick. It's been really impressive to see the growth of blur just in the last couple of months, even at a time when NFT volumes are in the toilet. And it doesn't seem like there's a lot of it's very difficult for startups to grow in an environment where things are trending downward. But Blur is one of those really rare exceptions that has managed to be one of the breakout growth stories at a time when not much is growing. Trey.
Speaker A: I mean it seems like the year of the aggregator in general, right? NFT volume and aggregator seems to have basically killed the main exchanges and the main exchanges had to either build or buy their own.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's wild to me how many people I've spoken with who are starting or pivoting to an NFT aggregator. I think it's kind of those memetic things where it's people see something working and then they all try to copy paste it even if it doesn't really make sense for them or they don't have any unique insight. So also cool to see blur kind of poke through the aggregator space with a fresh product.
Speaker B: Well, what I got my pick for best mechanism of 2022 was tornado Cash. So tornado Cash has had obviously a rocky year. It was sanctioned by OFAC earlier in the summer. They ended up basically one of the founders and developers of Tornado Cash. Alexei Pertsev is still being held in detention in Amsterdam without charges being brought against him just for the act of writing code. However, the whole idea of tornado cash was that it was a permissionless, decentralized way to achieve privacy on chain. And guess what? It still works. People are still using tornado cache. We talk a lot in crypto about the idea that your protocol should work without human intervention. Well, guess what? The only protocol, or one of the few protocols that I know of that actually answers to that name because it was forced to, is tornado cache. You can still use tornado cash. You still don't need anyone's permission. You don't need any human beings to help you. Um, it's all permissionless code on the blockchain, and it just works. And if anything, it's a testament to the power of what they built. Now, again, not, not to endorse it or to say that good actors are bad actors use tornado cash. Obviously, many bad actors do. And you should not use it because it's, you know, if you're subject to us sanctions, you should not use tornado cash. But to me, I think best mechanism of the year is tornado cash. It's. It's a privacy protocol that works without any human intervention, and it's proven it multiple times over.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's a great pick. There's a Twitter account that tweets outd the tornado catch volume every day and occasionally show up in my feed. And I'm always surprised. It's always like a few hundred k kind of low mills. And it's like, yeah, it's still going. People are still using it even without. Even with the main site being down and everything that's happened to the devs and everything.
Speaker A: Yeah. I think my personal measurement of whether the net direction that the iq of bitcoin maxis is tending in is like their tornado cash posts, because they'll all be like, oh, it represents Ethereum, censorship and whatever. And they're like, wait a minute. But you still see transactions going through. Oh, it's not censorship resistant. This is the most censorship resistant thing in Ethereum. What are you talking about? Everyone that's trying to throw the book at it, it's still running totally, totally.
Speaker C: On top of all the mev boost, realize they're trying to censor it, and yet you can still get a torrential cash transaction mined within, you know, a few minutes.
Speaker A: So, yeah, there's a lot of, like, Mac, bitcoin, maxi cope, because I feel like they like, like tornado cash philosophically and they're like, oh, we like ethereum censoring it. Ethereum sucks because, like, it's not working. And there's a lot of, like, very complicated Rube Goldberg logic machines going on that don't make any sense.
Speaker B: All right, guys, let's move on to biggest surprise. So biggest surprise again, a year full of many surprises, that it's going to be a tough choice. But here's what we said for 2021. 2021. We said the biggest surprise was one, the rise of nfts and concurrently the flipping of bored ape yacht club over crypto punks. We also said Luna. The success of the Luna burn as one of the biggest surprises, and the last one was the rise of a one. Bip pools on uniswap v three. Those were our picks for the biggest surprises of 2021 2022. Robert, what do you got? Biggest surprise?
Speaker D: Well, I'll preface by saying that Tom sort of scooped me a little bit earlier in this show, but I'm awarding the biggest surprise to one, inflation exceeding the expectations of the market in general, leading to higher interest rates than the market expected both in the US and globally. But three, and this is really the root of the surprise. The assets like bitcoin that had been discussed for years as inflation hedges, seeing their first really inflationary environment not rising to the occasion. So this was a surprise to me because the narrative that had been built up for the last decade plus was that, oh, wait, for inflation. That's when you're really going to see bitcoin shine. That's really when you're going to see non correlated assets across the board shine relative to traditional asset classes. And I'm sorry to keep on beating a bearish drum here, but bitcoin in particular, as well as pretty much every asset class, did not benefit from inflation. And this was a direct counterargument to one of the loudest narratives of the past few years. It's hard to see what other narratives get used for assets like bitcoin in the absence of it's an inflation hedge. Now, this has been in a lot of ways disproven, but the big surprise to me was inflation. How fast it grew, how fast it exceeded anyone or the market's expectations and the performance of asset classes that we've been waiting really twelve years to see how they would perform in the face of it, seeing them perform for the first time.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, this has been a, as a professional investor, I'm always thinking to myself, what are my LP's paying me to do? And one of the things that ive always believed is that, look, were not macro investors, our LP's dont think were macro investors. They dont think that were qualified to be able to align on the direction that macro is going. But this is the one year when no matter what asset class youre investing in, you are a macro investor, because the high order bit for everything this year has been macro. Its been really challenging, but also an incredible education just to see how many people have been able to get the same things wrong and how much it ended up massively impacting what your performance was, how you did as an investor, no matter what you were trading or no matter what you were investing into, just by being able to get some very basic big questions right, for sure. Tarun, what do you got? Biggest surprise of 2022.
Speaker A: It's actually quite hard because there's, like, way too many options.
Speaker B: Okay, just pick one.
Speaker A: My main surprise, my number one surprise, is that arbitram really, like, stole defi away from every other l two this year. Like, if you just look at, like, the net volume and defi on arbitrum, it's clearly trouncing everyone like Polygon. Obviously, there's tons of activity, but it's actually way more than NFT side now. Like, the defi side is shrinking quite a bit. Optimism is sort of, like, in this weird, like, they have, like, weird liquidity mining, grant rewards, things that, like, don't see. It's like, kind of not pushing needle, but GMX and a couple other places on arbitrum seem to just, like, have. It's not that. I guess I'm surprised that there is a dominant l as much as I'm just surprised that arbitrum has done it with no incentives.
Speaker C: What do you attribute that to?
Speaker A: I think it does have some of the most reliable l two infrastructure in terms of stuff that makes it easy to develop on, for instance, bedrock. The new optimism upgrade is actually going to move towards something that arbitrum did, which made it very easy to predict when your transaction is executed within a block, whether you measure things in block time or real time, there's some very tiny nuances there. But one crazy thing that happened was the way optimism counted. Blocks messed up certain yield farming programs because some of them use timestamps incorrectly. And basically, like, the farming rewards ran out early. And so there's a lot of very interesting, like, nuanced stuff like that.
Speaker B: Wait, so they use, like, the internal blocks within optimism rather than using, like, the blocks on Ethereum? What was the difference?
Speaker A: It was sort of that, but there's also this notion of, like, how. How they're producing, like, are they producing blocks, like, drawn from, like, this, like, push on distribution of fixed time, or are they actually, like, a much wider distribution? And, like, that changed. That actually changed some of the, like, the ways people had.
Speaker B: Oh, because they were using blocks to approximate time.
Speaker A: Yes. Exactly, exactly.
Speaker B: I see, I see, I see. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Speaker A: I mean, this is all the stuff. Like, it's not. People didn't know this would stuff would happen. But I think arbitram actually tried to be very consistent with Ethereum, and I think a lot of the other l two s were much more loose. And I think it's one of the interesting things is that farming contracts worked better on arbitrage for a while, and now everyone realizes that and they're going to upgrade and change stuff. But their developer friendliness, in certain ways seem to win people over. And I think for Polygon, I think the difference is Polygon's just been focused on nfts. They've been killing it. They basically have taken all of Solana's NFT stuff. Like in the last six months, they've slowly eaten everything. So I think it's just interesting, though, that arbitrum became the Defi place. I don't know if I could have predicted that at all at the beginning of the year, I would have just rolled a three sided dice and said, it's arbitrum optimism or polygon.
Speaker D: Well, one of the things you see anecdotally or hear anecdotally from the users right now is that there's a lot of users on arbitrum because within the community there's still a lot of expectation that Arbitrum is going to release a token and it's going to be retroactive towards its users. Whether or not that's reality or hope or rumor, I think a lot of the activity is preemptively designed to target that. A lot of the other l two s at this point all have tokens. Arbitrum is a last man standing of a blockchain. That doesnt. And so its possible. A lot of the usage there is just really designed to try to capture a token if and when it does.
Speaker B: Yeah, I wanted to say that this proves my tokenomics point, but it kind of doesnt because of retroactive airdrops. Retroactive airdrops are this kind of like reverse causation that kind of muddy the waters of whats actually happening there. Part of it is certainly that like, yes, arbitrum is not pumping out liquidity rewards because it's just they built a good mousetrap and people like the mousetrap, but part of it is like, yeah, to Robert, to your point, once they actually do have a token and whatever airdrop they will do is done, then you can say, cool. Here's like real, actual, completely organic usage. And unfortunately, we no longer can do clean a b tests because of retroactive airdrops.
Speaker A: I agree. But I also think it's interesting that, like, Polygon completely won the NFT war. And arbitrum, there was a time where arbitrum was actually the highest l two NFT volume, probably at the beginning of this year, and it completely lost that, right. It even lost like the Reddit thing started there, but then moved to Polygon. Do you remember? It was actually in a Nova chain? So my point is, it is interesting that the users have segmented, and some of it actually does seem to be ux in quality. Obviously not all of it, clearly a lot of its economic incentives described, but it does seem like they found certain things that to developers and users, people.
Speaker B: Like, I suspect that a lot of it. For Polygon two, is that actually for onboarding new users, the UX of a new l one is actually a lot simpler than the UX of an l two, right? An l two implies that, okay, it's ether, but it's not ether on Ethereum. If you have ether on Ethereum, you're in the wrong place. You've got to like point your lasers at the right thing, you know, manage your RPC and all this stuff. Whereas for Matic, it's just like, if you have ether, you're in the wrong place. Ether is the wrong thing to buy. You don't need either. You need matic. Go on your exchange, buy matic. That's the thing you want. So I assume, I mean, not only one, they have the network effect of just having a ton of users already, compared to what arbitrum has in terms of just monthly or daily actives, but also just like UX wise, if you're Reddit and you are going to have hundreds of thousands of people touching this blockchain if you lose 10% of them because they don't understand what a layer two is, because, oh, it's on ethereum. Arbitrum is on ethereum. So therefore, okay, I've moved my money onto Ethereum. If even 10% of people make that mistake, or 5% of people, then it's just not worth it, because the underlying chain doesn't really matter to you that much, so much as just, hey, I need an opensea and I need a chain that can beat super low fees. So anyway, this is a theory. I don't know if this is true, but that's my assumption.
Speaker A: Yeah, I still would say if I look back at January, I wouldn't have necessarily predicted that they would be the Defi chain right now.
Speaker B: Okay, Tom, what do you have? Biggest surprise? 2022.
Speaker C: Yeah, maybe a bit broad, but I have usage durability. There's sort of this phrase that the map is not the territory. And I think in crypto it's like the price is not the product. And I think in my mind, a lot of defi obviously exists in part to offer leverage. And so naturally, it's sort of gotten hit in terms of overall TVL or usage by sort of this wind down this different macro market. But I think if you sort of peek under the hood, a lot of parts of crypto actually look pretty fantastic from a usage perspective. Like we were talking about NFT mints earlier, NFT mints are still at 50% of all time highs. User numbers are still at 50% of all time highs. Even defi. Yeah, in some dexes, maybe volume is down, but user numbers are actually looking pretty darn good. And I think that's true in these different areas of outperformance. Like you read an NFT example, 4 million people minted their Reddit avatar or Tyler Hobbs generative artist. His QQ element minted out like $17 million. And that was like two months ago, which was supposed to be sort of the middle of this NFT winter. And so there are all these different areas where if you sort of look under the hood, there's actually pretty interesting activity going on. People are still really excited, and the numbers don't really lie, but you kind of have to go find those. So I think in my mind, $200,000.08 pictures was maybe partially a macro byproduct, but there are still a lot of people out there who are excited about these things. And so I think in Defi, NFTs, in other areas of crypto, there's still a lot of usage. Even despite the price drawdowns.
Speaker B: I'm pretty sure the line, the price is the product was coined by Kyle Somati last year. So, yeah, I think it is. I think it is fitting that this is the year of the dissolution of that meme. So, yeah, well, called out. So my biggest surprise, and by the way, I just want to point out for the audience, you can tell we're all being cute and we're all dancing around like the actual biggest surprises, but whatever, I'll continue in the theme of being cute.
Speaker A: Well, because we already said them. We kind of already said that. We already said that because, like, the biggest losers are the.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. Okay, so I just, I just want to say that in case we don't actually say it. So in my case, the biggest surprise, I'd say, was the death of all the lenders. So it doesn't surprise me that lenders died, right? Like, okay, of course prices go down. Some people were leveraged, some people made bad loans, they died. It turns out every fucking lender in the industry died. Every single one of them. We basically had a great financial crisis level extinction event for every single lender. That was surprising to me. Basically, nobody has made money in lending since inception, which is really just mind boggling to me. You would think that in a cycle there would be some people who sort of went too far toward the tide and ended up getting carried away when the tide increased. But the people who are closer to shore would, would be okay. And, like, there'd be some people who are like, oh, I had better risk management. I did this, I did that. And that's why, you know, I didn't do what those crazy people did. Doesn't matter what you did. Every, almost everybody died from this generation of lenders, and I would not. Even if you told me that prices in crypto would have drawn down, you know, 50% plus in a single year, I would assume that, well, you know, blockfi is going to be screwed, but, like, other people will be fine, but turns out, no, every single lender died. And so anybody who's building a thesis last year about, well, im going to underwrite this lender because theyre better than the other. Yeah, okay, blockfi is crazy. Celsius is crazy. But these guys are going to be fine. Nope, the entire category all got destroyed this year.
Speaker A: I do remember talking to some people who were investing in blockfi, like, last few rounds, and I had just been like, oh, whats your thesis? Why do you think theyre going to be really great? People always said the same thing for all of these mega lender rounds, like celsius, blockfi, not amber, the person amber used. Babel, like, stuff like that. I just, like, people would always basically say the following, yeah, they have these, like, really great borrowers who are market makers. Like, everyone said the same thing about all the lenders. So, like, maybe this is just like the cycle of life.
Speaker B: It seems so. It seems so. And until, I mean, there's a lot of lessons about, like, why did, why fundamentally, or what could you have arrived at to know that the entire category was just not underwritable? And I think a large part of it comes from the fact that lending, on the whole, made a lot of money last year. So people made in aggregate in the billions. Last year, obviously, it was a crazy year for crypto leverage period. And so a lot of that was just ended up getting recycled as crypto leverage. But the difference between lending, so there are some very successful lending companies in web, two traditional startups, but most of them have some kind of innovation. And the innovation might be like a point of sale integration, like buy not pay later. It might be some clever underwriting or being able to model out exactly what your repayment schedule is going to be or something like that. Nobody in crypto had.
Speaker A: All of these people had bad 2020.
Speaker B: They all did. They all did. They all did. But they didn't die. They didn't die. They didn't die. That was a lot of just repricing due to rates. So the attractiveness of, uh, these lending, uh, you know, basically being able to get high risk debt just on the whole got destroyed because of rates going up. Right. So, like, that's ultimately what a lot of these lenders were really doing, was packaging up high risk borrowers. But they didn't die. Everyone in crypto died. And I think part of the reason why that is, is that ultimately the lenders in crypto were competing on taking risk because there was no way to compete on technology. Nobody had any better technology. There was no actual innovation. Normally when VC's back a sector, they do so because the person who has the better structural advantage is going to win. The person who has better technology, who has better vertical integration, who has better execution, whatever, they're the person who's going to win. And venture capital is in the business of finding that one person, giving them lots, lots of money and achieving the outside success. But if there's no vector for competition besides risk, besides just taking more risk, then basically every single person that is venture backable takes a bunch of risks, and as soon as the tide increases, they all drown together. And that's basically what happened. And so I think that for me, that's a big lesson about just what it looks like to find a category, even if it's making money, that actually has the properties of venture. The properties of venture should be that as a company gets bigger, it becomes more robust, not less robust. And that seems to be what happened to the lenders, that as lenders try to get bigger, they became less and less robust in traditional finance, like, you know, lending is not a venture type business. It's something that, you know, like, obviously lending is a big business, it's massive, but it's not the kind of thing that, you know, small players grow overnight through some kind of magic growth hack or structural advantage and then end up becoming these big incumbents. It's the opposite. It's a very slow moving industry with very entrenched players. Um, and so that, well, I would.
Speaker A: One thing I would dispute about that characterization is that a lot of like, edge lending that requires either novel underwriting standards or packaging up loans in some weird way, like buy now, pay later, good example, or pipe all these invoice factoring type of things, they were venture back. Well, because they had some sort of, there's this outsized premium that that market is going to grow and the current users are just small.
Speaker B: Right. But I think that also points to real innovation. Right. It's like understanding there's a class of users that nobody else understands how to underwrite and they have some technological way to underwrite them in real time or at a much faster sales cycle than anybody else can. Right. That's both. Buy now, pay later.
Speaker A: And in spite, in spite of certain. VC's asking me to stop calling VC's dumb on the show.
Speaker B: Wait, who asked you to stop calling the dumb?
Speaker A: I will say that. I'm not telling you, but I got.
Speaker B: You have to call them out. What are you talking about?
Speaker A: I'm not calling them out. I'm just going to let them hear that I said that so they know. I think the problem is VC has just took the model of the pipes of the world. Let's translate it to this edge asset that we don't understand, but people are securitizing in some way, and it seems to be growing. I can see the growth investor story for this because they're just like, what's the spreadsheet of the numbers? And it's not really about the technology. That is sort of the difference between late stage growth investors and seed investors. If you're investing in growth stuff, you're not actually underwriting the technology anymore. At some point you might be if it's like SpaceX, but like most fintech stuff, it's not, right. And so I think there's a sense in which calling it not venture investable is not totally true, but it is true that the growth investors, maybe we're not so sophisticated. And I'm not going to call venture investors dumb. So I'm just going to say that. Leave it at that.
Speaker D: I think one of the things that makes it interesting from a venture perspective is that at a hypothetical level, lending is a business that could require a lot of capital for something that is mostly just software and a little bit of people. And I think venture investors get excited about businesses that could require $5 billion just because that's something that you can deploy assets and capital into at scale, unlike most other businesses in our space or in finance in general. It's one of these things that could soak up just huge amounts of capital given the right conditions. It gets better as it gets bigger, because when it's small, it's like, oh, why would we bet on this? Like, with the odds it's making any sense as it gets bigger, I think people's eyes widen when they see how much capital it could ask to soak up. And that's what makes it interesting from a business perspective, in a way that we're building this protocol or we're building a new blockchain, it's very different.
Speaker B: I think that was true in a bull market when there was tons and tons of money and that money was trying to find a home. So I think that was very true last year. This year, I think many fewer people are thinking of businesses in that context. And I think this is exactly where the counter analogy, of course, is that, you know, blockfi had a huge employee base. All these lenders had tons and tons of bodies, right? Whereas, you know, Robert, to your point about compound, compound aave, they don't need employees. They just kind of run their super capital light. That is actually traditionally what VC's like. VC's like the idea that with a small amount of principal investment, you can build something really big. That's the advantage of software businesses, is that they don't scale through people, they scale through software. And Defi is the apotheosis of that. And so I think the regular lenders.
Speaker D: We'Re seeing were not, yes, I will take this opportunity. Yes, I will take this opportunity to say that DeFi is better than the old way of doing business with tons of people and spreadsheets and making up decisions on the fly and choosing who to lend to based on how much they brought out with you or tweet good tweets. DeFi is vastly superior to all of these businesses that have failed in almost every way. And there's a reason why DeFi has performed exceptionally this year in terms of the resilience and the smoothness of their operating versus these CFI and the fact.
Speaker B: That DeFi does not trust your self certified balance sheet. It checks like, you got to put the collateral in the fucking contract. And so that, yes, it's very hard.
Speaker D: To scam a smart contract. It's very easy to scam a human at a lender.
Speaker A: Speaking of that, I'm ready for our last category, because this ties into my best meme of.
Speaker B: Okay, let's move on to best meme. So, just as a reminder, so last year, what we chose is the best memes of 2021 were the term web three dog coins. Grimes tweeting. What was it? What was the actual tweet? It doesn't exist anymore. Oh, okay. You're right. And then last was SBF's shoes when he went to Congress. Those are what we chose as the best memes of last year. He's gonna be wearing very different shoes this year.
Speaker C: Well, I saw a pretty morbid tweet recently where it's him walking around without laces, because obviously, when you go to jail, they take your shoelaces from you. And so it's a, you know, there's the shoelace meme, but in a very different light.
Speaker B: All right, that got heavy. Robert, you want to go first? Best meme of 2022.
Speaker D: I'm going to go literal, and I'm not going to go with, like, a big metaphorical meme concept. I'm going to describe the best one jpeg meme that I saw all year in its simplicity and wonderfulness. If everyone's familiar with the low wit, midwit high wit iq bail chart meme, historically, this is used to indicate that the low IQ and the high IQ generally agree on something. It's the midwits that disagree, and they're wrong and they're silly. But the meme that I saw this year was the low wits saying it was, I got wrecked on terra. The midwits were saying I got wrecked on celsius, and the high width, you know, saying, I got wrecked on FTX. And, you know, I thought it, like, perfectly encapsulated this year, and that, you know, there wasn't an outlier. It wasn't like, the midwits are wrong, and the low IQ and the high IQ, like, are both completely correct in their own opposite ways. This year, everybody was in alignment, and it was just the flavor of what attracted them, like Moss, to the flame, to their demise. So for the low, low IQ, it was generally terra. You know, for the midwits, it was generally CFI lenders, and for the high iq, it's, you know, it was like, market makers and traders and people who had assets still on FTX when it, you know, went under. So that was my best meme this year that I saw. You know, I tried to like it and retweeted and stuff, but it wasn't a concept, just a literal JPEG.
Speaker C: You might be.
Speaker B: I love that bear markets are the most democratic cause everybody gets shafted, but in a different way, in a way suited to your social status. They will find a way to destroy you one way or another, no matter who you are. All right, tarun, you're up. You were giving us a little bit of a teaser about your meme. What is your best meme for 2022?
Speaker A: Proof of reserve. Which is. It's kind of been a very stupid meme where every exchange is themselves in the foot to be worse at the getting audits that claim they have enough assets to withdraw post FTX, mainly because you can't see liabilities and you can't see the chains of liabilities. And when you're talking about defect contracts, where you can see the entire liability chain, or hopefully in the future, where it's like, you can't see the liabilities. But I can give you the proof that, like, all the liabilities are correct while still giving some. Some privacy to the user. It is just, like, so superior in this case that it's actually, like, reading some of these audits is, like, painful. It's like, oh, yes, we attest that, like, these wallets are finance. Like, signed, signed, sent us a signature from these things. But actually, we can't tell you anything about the methodology outside of. Exactly. And not just finance. I'm not just thinking of that. Kraken's audit was dog shit. Like Bitmex's with dog shit. All of these things are like, okay, they're fine, but, like, they're really a.
Speaker B: Dog in the show doesn't crack. Okay, hold on. I think there's, like, such a massive chasm between what Binance did and what Kraken is doing.
Speaker A: But even these Merkel proof reserves things are not very good when it's, like, an exchange that's actually quite complex of, like, what its liabilities are. Maybe the cash flows shown in those come from outstanding lows.
Speaker B: Sure, sure. But doesn't Kraken also have, like, an audited statement saying that, like, these are our liabilities?
Speaker A: The. If I remember correctly, the only exchange that a big four. I could be wrong about this. Maybe Kraken has this now, but, like, last time I looked was. It was coinbase. Like, they're the only one who's convinced. Like, a big.
Speaker B: I can prove that. I can believe that. I don't. I don't know if it was a big four auditor. That was what I heard. To be clear. I'm all speaking with hearsay. I'm not an authority on this. No.
Speaker A: I think Bitmax and Kraken have been trying to do this. Like, hey, we're going to do merkle proof, resource, whatever. But that doesn't tell you that much, right? These entities could have like, you know, 500 sub entities. Like they all do in reality, like, like FTX, where it's like, oh, like, this thing is minus $50 billion. Thing costs $50.01 billion. And like, you don't, you know, you don't see the minus. You only see the plus. And you're like, oh, okay, great, it's working. So, like, I just, like, I just think, like, we, you know, I'm happy people are doing it. I think it's a dumb meme, personally. I think you should have the liabilities represented and understood in the way that I does. And it's just cleaner. You can believe the audit.
Speaker D: I agree with Tarun because I think this meme is counterproductive in that if people get complacent and say, oh, my God, we solved it, we're just going to use these exchanges that do the proof of reserves in this way, and then later they get scammed even more. It's going to be problematic. I just think it creates an extra layer of complacency as the reaction to FTX, even though it's probably not the objectively correct way of going about it. You know, the low wit and the mid wit are going to get confused and convinced by these.
Speaker B: That's a concern. But, like, you can't let the perfect be the enemy of the good, right? Like, this is way better than what we had before, which was absolutely nothing. And if you cannot generate even a, like, slightly convincing proof of reserves, that is a very good signal to no matter what wit you are, that, hey, something is probably wrong at this exchange, right? Like, what we want to avoid is another FTX. FTX could not even have done anything remotely like a proof of reserves. Now, can. Can an insolvent exchange fake a proof of reserves? Yes. The same way that an insolvent company can also fake an audit. Right. As we learned some of the great financial frauds of the past. The point is to make this stuff harder, not to make it impossible. It'd be great to make it impossible, but we don't have a tool that does that.
Speaker A: Quadriga, I just looked this up. Quadriga had an audit before, like, by a reputable canadian firm before, before they went under so well.
Speaker B: But that's not proof of reserves. Right.
Speaker A: But, I mean, they're odd. They're claimed to have done it because it was, like, for doing a listing on the canadian stock exchange. So these things are, like, kind of like, everyone wants, like, the, like, the, like, feel good thing. It's like.
Speaker B: Yeah, but that's my point is, like, look, it's not perfect. Nobody's claiming that proof reserves is perfect, but it's clearly better than not having anything. Otherwise. Like, what's the alternative?
Speaker A: I agree. I'm just saying it's a meme that came out of this FTX fear that I think will probably be net negative. Like, just don't. I just don't see it being a positive meme in the long run.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: This is nothing against any of the exchange owners. You kind of have a. You're in a rock and a hard place. It's kind of, like, hard. You're either showing everyone, like, everything you, of all your entities. Right. And it's like, it's not. It's like, I don't envy their job doing this. I'm just pointing out that, like, it's just. It's a very big meme right now. Right. Like, everyone is, like, constantly talking about it.
Speaker B: Yeah. Even the SEC is unhappy about it, so they are cool. All right, Tom, what do you have for best meme of 2022?
Speaker C: Mine is also not a L'roll JPEG, but I have milady's. Milady's went through a rise and a fall and a rise again. And I feel like they have this sort of anticyclical nature to sort of the ethos of what they represent. And I think in my mind, they've also kind of branched outside of crypto, which is actually, like, the thing that has taken them into best meme status for me, where you see people in, like, the effective accelerationist movement and, like, other random AGI people are super into maladies. And so in my mind, like, it's, again, when we're talking about the price is not the product, this is sort of in that bucket of, like, yeah, the price has not done super well. Yeah, it's not a big.
Speaker A: I think have done well, actually, this.
Speaker C: Year as a. I guess, relatively. It's not a big mainstream NFT, like, crypto punks or whatever, but it's in the sense of cultivating an online community and sort of having a different tack to what the rest of crypto is doing. I give milady's my best.
Speaker B: I've heard that one of the commonalities among a lot of milady's holders is that there's a very high density of convicts among people who hold milady's. Have you observed this to be true convicts? People who've been to jail or prison? I've never heard of this.
Speaker C: One of the first things SHkReli did.
Speaker B: When he got out was, I don't think it's just Screlli. Apparently there are others. This is like a thing. I don't know. This is hearsay.
Speaker A: Okay, Malay, if any chopping back listener who is a malady holder who disagrees with Haseeb needs to go, like, tweet at him. Right? That right when you're listening.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: Has seemed just called you.
Speaker B: To be clear. I said a higher than normal density. That could still be a very low number. I don't know. There's 10,000 of them. Right. So, you know, I don't know. Good. Good choice, Tom. So myself, for best meme, I guess I took this fairly literally. I thought Gabriel Haynes was probably the best meme of 2022. I will never forget that iconic video of him, like, walking around in front of a country road with his shirt off and a machete. Basically, the day after FTX was collapsing, he was, like, the one thing that I could show my wife that, like, look, I can't explain to you what's really going on, but you should watch this guy. This guy will explain it better than I can. I think just having a little bit of insanity amplification at a time of just, like, otherworldly insanity really helped me.
Speaker D: Yeah, he's a vibe.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Cool. All right.
Speaker A: But honestly, the entertainment you need in a dark.
Speaker B: Definitely, definitely. He's doing God's work. Okay, so predictions for 2023. So we made a number of predictions last year. There's a little bit too much detail from all of us for me to. For me to aggregate them, but let's just really quickly aggregate up. What are our predictions for next year? It's been a rough year. Hopefully there's some, you know, some. Some light to look forward to in 2023. Robert, what do you got? Predictions for next year.
Speaker D: My prediction for next year is that developer activity re centers around ethereum. Last couple years, we've seen extreme fragmentation of developer activity spreading out to a lot of competing l one's and l two s. To your earlier point about the EVM having its moment, the EVM was a format, and it actually made it really easy for alternative l one s, using the EVM to capture applications and developers. And I think 2023 is the real start of the reversal of that. I think you're not going to see people trying to launch another EVM clone. I think as the price of ether is low and gas costs are low, I think a lot of activity is going to return to core l one ethereum. I think we're going to see it be more of a composable ecosystem for applications. Again, one of the trends from the last year or two has been there hasn't been a lot of composability between applications, because everyone's just building their own application in a silo and they didn't really care what else was being built in their ecosystem because they could just jump to an all l one and just start from scratch. But I think 2023 is going to be a year where we start to see a network effect grow for developers and people start to re embrace the composability of a lot of development activity being in one place. So that's my prediction. I could be completely wrong, but I think it's a year of composability.
Speaker B: Okay, so the inverse of the reversal of the fragmentation we've seen this year. Tarun, what's your prediction for 2023?
Speaker A: I predict we will get our first. Maybe consumer is the wrong word, but average user ZK application, I'm not sure if it will be like some big defi thing or whether it be nfts. I'm not willing to make that bet. But if you just look at the number of people who are downloading, starring and forking sircom, which is one of the main ZK tool chains for building provers and building circuits, admittedly, it's extremely primitive. It's like a bug I ran into, which someone else told me about. So I was trying to reproduce. It is like, you know, you can do a for loop to 99 elements, but you can't to 100. Like, there's like tons of weird stupid limitations that like have to do with, like how.
Speaker B: Wait, it's base ten.
Speaker A: That's not that. It has to do with, like, the circuit side. Like, they only use a certain amount of memory that stores the circuit. And this, that amount of memory happens to be 100 gates. It's some random. It's. It's annoying, not worth discussing. I kind of think, like, people are experimenting with writing ZK circuits in a way that does feel a lot like smart contracts. Whether it's in starkware and it's Cairo, and it's like going in that direction. Whether it's people writing custom circuits for doing things like bridging, or whether it's sort of people building games that take advantage of CK elements. I think we're going to finally find one application this year. It's not going to be what we expect. It's going to be a little bit like uniswap, where it looks totally different or dumb or something. It's going to have some affectation to it that's going to make you think, who cares?
Speaker B: Does dydx count? Are you talking about just an application built in a way that's provable, an.
Speaker A: Application that takes advantage of the verifiability and incremental verifiability of the computation and actually uses the proofs. Dark Forest is example of something that actually uses a ZK proof as part of its mechanics.
Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.
Speaker A: Yes, yes. Not. Not just like taking advantage of pure scalability.
Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. My guess would be that's probably either bridging or identity is going to be the use case.
Speaker A: Yeah, for sure. That's what gives me a cop out answer, because I know the bridge stuff is like quite far, but I do think there will be one that you will be able to use the metamask kind of easily, relatively easily. Like, it'll be as easy as using an l two, hopefully.
Speaker B: Well, the number one this year was also my pick earlier, which is tornado, which I don't know that I'd say it's easy, but it's certainly. It's usable.
Speaker A: You could use. Yeah, there's guides for how to use it. It's not just like, hey, read my code and figure how to use it, which is like 90% of ZK stuff.
Speaker B: True. 100%. All right, Tom, what do you have? Your prediction for 2023?
Speaker C: Yeah, I'll try to keep it somewhat short. I think in terms of the industry, my one big prediction is we will start to see the first companies fold and shut down. There's this concept in venture capital, the J Curve. Basically, you invest in a bunch of. Make a bunch of investments, the companies are going to fail before the companies are going to succeed. And so you see returns drop from those failed companies in the short term, and then dealing the long term, you see those successful companies, uh, you know, lift your returns and, yeah, we've seen a lot of companies blow up, um, as we've been discussing this entire podcast, but we haven't seen many companies shut down because they can't secure additional funding, they can't make enough money, they don't have product market fit. And so I think in my mind, that sort of truly signals the bottom when we start to see people wind down simply because they haven't found PMF or they aren't generating enough revenue. So I think we will see that in 2023. I think in terms of like memes and trends that we'll probably see. I think RWA is going to become a big thing again. Like people looking for productive assets. There's this new site, RWA XYz makers leaning really hard into RWA. I think we'll see real world assets become a big thing within Defi account abstraction. Also see people seem really hyped about now, I think because of EIP 4337, basically allowing people to bundle different transactions or sort of arbitrarily sign and create transactions as opposed to just relying on an EOA. This is something I've personally been excited about for a very long time, since back when I was at zero x. So excited to see if this actually hits mainstream next year. And then Zkevm, it feels like it's been bubbling the past few months and I think it's going to finally spill over next year. Independent of that means something on Mainnet and live that people are using, but it feels like that's where the forefront of excitement in crypto is happening.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think we're going to see more excitement congeal around Zkvmshe. I don't know that they're going to be really that production ready next year. I think there'll be things that you can actually play around with and deploy things on, but I think there's still a lot of rough edges to zkvms. I think for all of them.
Speaker D: I.
Speaker B: Don'T know that it's going to be time for zkvms to overtake optimistic rollups in 2023. But I agree with you. I think the story and the star is going to rise. There'll be more and more excitement around it, I suspect so. My predictions for 2023, I had two first is the rise of rollups. I think both ZK and optimistic. Of course, we have the big Ethereum upcode repricing that's going to take place next year. That's going to massively lower the cost for posting roll up data on chain. That is going to make roll ups now suddenly competitive with all tail ones in terms of pricing. That's going to be a huge, huge shift. Now all of a sudden the UX difference and the cost difference between l two s and a polygon or a Solana or whatever will shrink not, you know, collapse, but it will shrink significantly to the point where, you know, if it's a fraction of a cent, or if it's $0.01, you don't care. You know, it's not. We're not using order books, we're not doing anything that's super high throughput for most people. And so for any normal use case, $0.01 is basically the same as a fraction of a cent. So I think that is going to be a big catalyst for roll ups this year, as well as just the development of zkvms. And then my second prediction for 2023 is that as a direct result of FTX, we are going to see the exchange stack get disaggregated, meaning that we are going to see, finally, the breakdown of this idea that you have these verticalized exchanges that do everything. They do the trade execution, they run the order book, they do the clearing, they do the brokerage and theyre the custodian. These things are going to get separated out. Not all of them, but some of these functions are going to get separated out into separate players fairly soon. I would guess by the end of next year you're going to see more and more, especially professional traders, but even just prosumers being able to say, okay, I want my custody here, and then I'm going to use exchange for the coinbase. I'm going to use Coinbase for exchange and I'm going to do my lending and borrowing through this other person that is going to become more and more common in crypto. And we're going to move toward more of a tradfi like structure that makes things like FTX basically impossible because the same party that runs the exchange doesn't actually have access to the funds. So my guess is that's going to be one of the biggest immediate consequences from FTX's downfall.
Speaker A: Looking forward to your future anon account called NPC Bull.
Speaker B: I do think the NPC's are going to be beneficiaries of it. Unfortunately, we didn't invest in any of the big. Well, maybe fortunately, given that everything's down, but we didn't invest into any of the NPC platforms. But I do think they're going to be big beneficiaries of this.
Speaker A: Yeah, seems like it. Seems like it. If your prediction comes.
Speaker B: Well, if my prediction goes through. Cool. Well, guys, um, it's been a absolutely insane year. It's always a pleasure. This is, by the way, this is the one year anniversary also of the chopping block. So just, just as a, as a quick refresher, for those of you who weren't there at the time before we started the chopping block. We actually started this as a dragonfly robot ventures happy hour that we would do on Twitter spaces like every Friday or something like that. And it was just like a casual thing where we were chatting. We were like, huh, this is really fun. We got like a good vibe. We have interesting takes that nobody else seems to really propound in public, so we should do this as a regular thing. We got to know Laura, we built a relationship and we decided to start trying this out as a regular show. And it's been absolutely amazing to just get all the feedback this year from everybody who watches the show. It's crazy for me. I go to a conference and I think people respond to us and I get emails and stuff like that. But it's especially true when I go to conferences. The number of people who listen to this show and get value out of it, especially in a year with so many crazy things happening that nobody else understands how to explain who's not an insider. It's just been absolutely an incredible experience to do the show with you guys plus one.
Speaker D: This has been a lot of fun over the last year. So if you have things you'd like us to talk about or do or change or whatever, your feedback is also welcome and encouraged.
Speaker C: My big goal for the chopping block for 2023 is to get tarun a good night. And second goal is again, to show up on time.
Speaker A: Hopefully I can accede to your requests. I just want to say, really a lot of thanks to all of the listeners, especially those of you who've reached out and talked to me about stuff. I think our listener base is extremely broad, and thanks to Laura. She's obviously built up this amazing listener base that includes everyone from people in normal finance, LP's at funds, technology, people who are not in crypto, who are just like, okay, this is the one thing I listen to every week to see if crypto is still alive or dead, and it's been a lot of fun learning who's listening to this, what you all are interested in. As Robert says, feedback on anything would be awesome.
Speaker B: Yeah. One change that we're going to be doing going forward into the new year is we are going to start doing fewer live streams and trying to do more podcasts. So in general, we've seen that you guys really love the show. There's a lot of uptake of the podcast, much more so than the live stream. And just because all of us are kind of traveling around all the time in different parts of the world, it's a lot easier to do these shows if we don't have to commit to doing live streams. We may still do live streams from time to time, but we're not going to have every single show be livestreamed as we did in 2021. That'll make it easier for us to do the show with a tighter cadence and make it more consistent and also allow us to get the editing down. So just prepare for that. In 2023, you're going to be hearing more of us, but it's not going to be live streamed quite as often as it was last year. We hope you all have happy holidays, and we hope that 2023 ends up being a gentler year to your portfolios than 2022 was. And I guess that's it from us. Happy holidays, everybody.
Speaker A: Have a good new year.
Speaker B: Happy New Year.
