Speaker A: Yeah, my advice is really simple. Don't do it. Just. No.
Speaker B: Anything. Come on. You want to do something, Robert?
Speaker C: No fun.
Speaker B: Let's say Lebron. Okay, let's say LeBron is listening to this, okay? He's like, look, I think crypto's cool. I want to do something. Will you say, Lebron screw off? No. No.
Speaker A: Celebrity coins.
Speaker C: Do what then? He wanted a celebrity coin.
Speaker A: Okay, LeBron, become a fan of bitcoin and ether.
Speaker B: Look straight into the camera. Look straight in the camera for LeBron.
Speaker A: LeBron, don't launch your own celebrity tokenization.
Speaker C: I'm taking my talents to Solana. That's what he would reply.
Speaker D: I saw Hyundai is using Hedera hashgraph to reduce their carbon footprint. So maybe LeBron could do that.
Speaker A: Not a dividend.
Speaker C: It's a tale of Tuqan now.
Speaker B: Your losses are on someone else's balance sheet.
Speaker D: Generally speaking, airdrops are kind of pointless anyways.
Speaker B: Unnamed trading firms who are very involved.
Speaker C: Pollock eth is the ultimate possibility.
Speaker A: Defi protocols are the antidote to this problem.
Speaker B: Hello, everybody. Welcome to chopping block, coming to you live from consensys. So every couple weeks, four of us get together, give the industry insider's perspective on the crypto topics of the day. Quick intros. First, we got Tom, the defi maven and master of memes.
Speaker D: Hi, everyone.
Speaker B: Actually, you've got Robert, the crypto connoisseur and tsar of Superstate GM. Everybody, we've got Tarun the giga brain and grand poo bah at Gauntlet.
Speaker C: Yo.
Speaker B: And I am Steve, the head hype man at Dragonfly. So we're early stage investors in crypto, but I want to caveat. Nothing we say here is investment advice, legal advice, or even life advice. Please see shoppingblock XYZ for more disclosures. So we're coming. You live in Austin. It's been a pretty crazy event. It's been hot as hell.
Speaker C: What's the closest thing I think any of the four of us will ever be to sportscasters?
Speaker B: This might be true. Well, you've got the mic. That actually feels very sportscasting.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah. I gotta say, I'm not sure if I'm ready to be a sportscaster yet. Are you?
Speaker B: It's funny, actually. I was sitting. I was sitting meeting with somebody, and I was just, like, waiting for someone, and some guy came by me, and he was like, oh, you received from the chopping blog? And I was like, yeah. He's like, you're taller than I thought you'd be. I was like, wait, did I seem really short on the show?
Speaker C: You have small voice energy, small height.
Speaker B: I think that's what they were implying.
Speaker A: Because dragonflies are short.
Speaker B: That's true. Dragonflies are small.
Speaker D: And he's one of those geoguessr types. He's like triangulating your height based on your background objects. And he's like, that's true, that's true.
Speaker B: I mean, you must get the opposite all the time.
Speaker D: Oh, yeah, always.
Speaker B: Yeah. I guess you can see it on this show. Actually, I'm looking at the footage. You can't tell that one. Yeah, actually. Oh, I get stand up. Stand up all the way.
Speaker D: Stand up.
Speaker B: You'll see. Tom is ridiculously six'five, everybody, just so everyone knows. Ok?
Speaker C: I mean, people were actually giving us some shit on Twitter because the heights in our promo ad were not calibrated.
Speaker B: Not to scale. Not to scale.
Speaker A: Tyrone is shorter.
Speaker D: Tom is taller than all the intern.
Speaker B: Yeah. Ok. So we're on a tight timeline today because there's a lot of other coindesky consensus stuff going on. But since the last time we talked about crypto news on the show, that was right before the ETF's got approved. So last week we were talking about, oh, it seems like there's some movement the ETF's might get approved soon. Well, they've been approved, or rather the not exactly right.
Speaker A: They've been approved to trade on exchanges. Individual s one filings for individual ETF's have not yet been approved. So it's going to be some time before any trading actually exists for these ETF's or they're approved to go live.
Speaker B: But more or less the jubilation in the markets has already arrived. Ether. And the ethereum ecosystem has done very well. On the backs of all the excitement about an ether ETF coming and this very broad about face coming from the Biden administration, there was another piece of news that came out today showing that the Biden administration has started reaching out to a lot of crypto people over the last few weeks going into the ETF approval as well as the fit 21 vote, which we'll also get to. And so it looks like what we were anticipating about a broad reversal from the Democrats is a very real thing and we're seeing it across the board now. The interesting thing is that, how did the SEC take this? If you remember the bitcoin ETF, there was a vote among the commissioners about whether or not to approve the bitcoin ETF, and Gensler was on the pro side and the two other democratic commissioners were on the negative side, and the two republican commissioners were like, yes, there was no vote among the commissioners on the ETF, on the ether ETF. Now, this is actually normal for an ETF. Normally, not every ETF goes to the commissioners to vote. But basically, Gensler, when he was asked, he said, I don't have anything in particular about this filing. We will do it within the law and how the courts interpret the law. And that's what I'm deeply committed to. Kind of a non answer, almost evasive, which almost makes it sound like he was kind of miffed about it, or just he was kind of like, screw these guys. Like, why did they make me do this? So curious what you guys think about what this portends for the SEC. Were they perhaps forced to approve the ether ETF, but they maybe are going to remain aggressive wherever they're not specifically commanded not to be?
Speaker A: Well, they were forced to approve the bitcoin ETF's because a court ruled that their actions to deny it were arbitrary and capricious. And so the ETF's fall into a very similar bucket in that there's already ether futures based ETF's that are trading, there's already leveraged futures ETF's for ethereum that are in the process of going live right now. And there's really nothing that separates an ether ETF from a bitcoin ETF, except with the very small possibility that the SEC was going to deem ether itself, not staked ether, but ether itself, to be a security. And this was obviously an incredibly, potentially controversial take, because historically, the SEC itself had determined through actions and comments that ether was not a security. And so there was the risk that they would be going out on a limb to make a new, for the first time designation, which runs contrary to what everyone in crypto knows, what everyone outside the SEC knows, what everyone in every other agency knows. What the CFTC knows is that ether is not a security, it's a commodity. And so there was some skepticism about what they would do, and they erred on the side of good administrative policy, which is not to go headfirst into disputing the courts yet again, and instead to follow the very simple principles of approving the ether spot ETF's like they did the ether future ETF's.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, it makes sense. Obviously, they were forced into this. Presumably, they got a phone call one day and said, hey, guys, we're getting hurt in the polls. Go approve ether and tell everyone we're pro bitcoin. Now or pro crypto now. But it does feel like, I guess the big question in my mind is like, okay, Gensler has reverted on the e three TF, right? But there's still. Well, not officially seven other prongs.
Speaker A: Not officially. He never came out against it. So technically this is not a reversal.
Speaker B: I mean, it was pretty well understood by the issuers that they were getting complete silence from the SEC. Right. Everyone's more or less knew there was.
Speaker C: No way getting ghosted is different than getting rejected, getting assaulted. Yeah.
Speaker D: To your point, all the facts that they decided have not changed. Right. You know, e features, correlation with spot price. Like, that's like a two year old study that's now getting. I'm like, nothing has changed in the past three weeks that would make them change their mind. It's clearly a political shift and sort of political wins that changed.
Speaker B: So the question I have, though, is like, okay, they're still going after Coinbase, still going after ripple, still going after all these players that, you know, consensus, uniswap, blah, blah, blah, you name it. How deep do you think the policy shift is we're going to see from this administration now? That being said, there's not that much longer for this administration, but there's still a lot of stuff that can go to a verdict or a settlement within this year that's going to end up affecting the landscape of crypto.
Speaker A: So far from the executive branch of the us government, there has been absolutely no policy shift. Words are not actions. The ether ETF is not in itself a policy shift. It is them complying with a court order, there has not been any policy shift whatsoever by the executive branch until they take action otherwise. So I actually don't like this conversation of like, oh, they've shifted. They have not shifted. There was an article today that the Biden administration is reaching out to people in crypto to talk. Reaching out to crypto people to talk is politics. And until they actually start to reverse course on lawsuits targeting the absolute best actors in the industry, a crackdown on banks and intermediaries interacting with crypto, until Biden signs SAP 121 into the repeal of SAP 121 into law, until the government actually starts to take proactive steps to undo the outright hostility that has been occurring over the last three and a half years, there has been no reversal.
Speaker B: Right. And it's so true that the Biden administration announced that they were going to be vetoing SAB 121, the repeal of SAB 121, which is the rule that requires banking institutions to hold offsetting equity against any crypto assets in the custody. He still said he's going to veto that. And there hasn't been any recanting from the administration about that veto. We haven't seen it yet, but the sounds that they're making makes it seem like something is going to change. But you're right, we haven't actually seen proof in the pudding yet. So that brings us to fit 21. So fit 21 is kind of the mega bill that we started talking about last time, but we didn't fully get around to capitulating. What exactly is fit 21 and what does it say? So, fit 21 stands for financial innovation and technology in the 21st Century act.
Speaker C: Can we also talk about how the name fit 21 sounds like an energy drink?
Speaker B: It really does.
Speaker C: Somebody drinks a lot of energy.
Speaker B: I thought it was like a fitness thing. Right? Like, fit 21 is like.
Speaker C: Feels like a Celsius competitor.
Speaker A: No. After the death of Celsius, the only energy drink left is fit 2021.
Speaker B: Yeah, I like it. I think that we should do, like a co branding thing. Yeah.
Speaker A: By the way, we're partially drinking unofficially sponsored by Red Bull, so there are no.
Speaker C: If there's any meme coin that ever comes up with, you know, a fit 21 energy drink, it's not from us.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yes. Very good. Good to point that out. Okay, so fit 21, largely designed by Patrick McHenry, who is the chair of the House Financial services subcommittee and speaker of the House, or almost speaker of the House, so very senior Republican. And they've done it basically a bipartisan bill that's coming out of the House that ended up. Many people thought that this bill was going to be dead on arrival, but in fact, it passed the House 279 to 136, a very, very broad bipartisan margin with 208 Republicans and 71 Democrats against, 136 against. So, okay, let's describe what is fit 21, because this is all a surprise. Most people were expecting. Yeah, fit 21, the Republicans like it, but there's no way it's gonna pass the House because, you know, it's just too controversial. So, fit 21, what it does is, first and foremost, it gives jurisdiction of crypto assets that are not securities to the SEC. Now, which crypto assets are not securities, there are still crypto asset securities. And it depends on a sort of decentralization test that has a bunch of prongs. Robert, do you know what the prongs are?
Speaker A: Absolutely. And I will preface by saying, as we say on the show, a lot of times I'm not a lawyer, and no one here is, but this is my personal read through from what I've read mostly on Twitter, um, the decentralization test that determines what's a security and what isn't a security comes down to a couple factors. One is the ownership of it. If a significant portion is owned by any one individual or entity, it's not decentralized. I feel like this is relatively intuitive.
Speaker B: I believe it's 20%.
Speaker A: That's right, 20%, which makes actually a lot of sense. There's some assets out there where, like, you know, the foundation owns 50% and they've yet to distribute it. That's not decentralized according to fit 21. The second comes down to the recency of ownership, the recency of issuance, I should say. So is it still being issued and distributed, or is it, like, has that stopped? And also the development of the asset, has the original issuer been working on it within the last couple months, or have they stopped working on it? Have they stopped working on it? It passes the test. And there's a couple other, like, smaller provisions, but basically, like, the intent of it is actually really, I think, quite good, which is to decide, okay, there's a million different assets, and they all behave in totally different ways. Is it generally decentralized, starting on the assumption that it started from a foundation or a company or some group of developers that kicked it all off. So the question really comes down to, is it still in their hands, or has it graduated from their hands into a community?
Speaker B: Right. So it also establishes a very different kind of disclosures regime that is catered specifically for digital assets. Right. So things like these annual reports, roadmaps, updates, information about the code and where it's deployed, and the smart contracts and open sourcing and all that.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Unlock schedule.
Speaker A: Unlock schedule.
Speaker B: That's right. The nice little chart that we all know and love about ftvs. It also is creating this concept of a permitted payment, stablecoin. So it basically creates a framework for stablecoins to operate in a regulatory category that hasn't previously been defined. And it basically kind of puts crypto assets between the CFTC and the SEC, and it gives a decent amount of discretion between the two agencies about how to decide what falls into each of their jurisdictions. So it's a very thoughtful piece of legislation. However, there have been many people in the crypto universe who said it's actually not a very well designed piece of legislation. Right. So we talked before about the fact that you need this ownership concentration limit of 20%. Well, of course that could allow somebody to buy up enough of the token to turn it from a commodity back into a security, which seems kind of like a weird attack to do on another coin.
Speaker C: I mean, one thing I had certainly thought about is there's a lot of these kind of governance attack protocols that people have tried to do. So what happens if a thing that's a commodity is acquired by a dao whose governance token is a security and they acquire, like, 19.999% and they're about to push on the precipice? There's a lot of weird stuff that.
Speaker B: A lot of weird edge cases.
Speaker C: The law really makes it much harder to reason about in some ways.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: But these are, like, edge cases that I think won't come up very often. And I think, like, it's important to not miss the forest for the trees here. Yes. There's a way.
Speaker C: I love the edge case. I don't know what you're talking about.
Speaker B: We're in crypto. We love edge cases. Yeah.
Speaker A: I mean, with every piece of legislation that's, like, pretty much ever been passed in America, there's edge cases.
Speaker B: Granted, granted.
Speaker A: I'm not too concerned about that.
Speaker B: Yeah. The bigger concerns with fit 21 are about, so one, giving the CFTC regulatory authority over spot commodity markets, which is actually normally not in their purview as a regulator. It also has a number of very kind of unclear, a lot of areas that are really, really not been answered yet exactly how they are going to get regulated. And so there's a lot of fighting that's likely to happen from here. And it's very likely that although it passed the House with flying colors, it's now going to the Senate and going to the Senate. There's going to be a lot of markups. It's not going to survive in its current form. There's going to be a lot of politicking, a lot of compromising, and a lot of stuff that's going to happen. It's probably going to go back to the House once it gets amended. And so this is really the beginning of this legislation rather than the endpoint. It's very unlikely fit 21 in its current form is going to be able to pass completely. But of course, the Biden administration put out a notice saying that we are willing to work on crypto policy and be collaborative with the legislature to create something we think makes sense for digital assets. And coupled with the fact that they've been reaching out to the industry, it seems that there is allegedly. Allegedly. Allegedly. It does seem now that the winds are blowing in favor of something like fit 21 being passable this year. Not guaranteed but passable. And previously, I'd say everybody I spoke to at the beginning of the year was like, there is no fucking way. Hey, don't curse on coin tv. There is no freaking way that we're going to see crypto market legislation passes here. So it's interesting. We'll see what ends up happening. But the other side of this, of course, is what a lot of this has been in response to, which is Trump. So we talked in the last show, Trump has started courting the crypto industry. He started taking donations. Of course. We know he is the highest ownership of any political candidate or any person in political office of crypto holdings. He has roughly the order of $10 million. Now, I think, of crypto that he holds, according to Arkham, to be fair.
Speaker D: A good chunk of that is Trump tokens. So he does that, right? He has a bunch of ETH and what not from the NFT sales, but yeah, he also.
Speaker B: Wait, how much of it is Trump tokens?
Speaker D: You know, I think it's like five mil or something.
Speaker B: They just, like, airdropped to them when they created the token.
Speaker D: I don't remember the specifics, but you can't buy.
Speaker B: There's no way he bought it.
Speaker D: Yeah, no, no, no. I would assume that his address is known and so give him some tokens.
Speaker A: Pretty dare drop.
Speaker B: That's pretty good. Pretty good. So Trump has. So if you remember back in, like, 20, what was it? 2016, 2017, he very publicly stated, I think bitcoin is a scam. These are not real currencies. Crypto is terrible. He's now more or less completely embraced the crypto industry. And a few key things have happened within the last week. First, he went to Libertarian Party national convention in Washington, where he stated, I will ensure that the future of crypto and the future of bitcoin will be made in the USA. I will support the right of self custody to the nation's 50 million crypto holders. I will keep Elizabeth Warren and her goons away from your bitcoin. And I will never allow the creation of a central banked digital currency. If you vote for me on day one, I will commute the sentence of Ross Albright.
Speaker C: Of course, that one was wild. That was actually like I did. I was like, which policy advisor to try?
Speaker D: Somebody is definitely eating him.
Speaker B: Oh, Ross Albright. For those who don't know, he was the creator of Silk Road, also known as dread pirate Roberts. He was accused of all sorts of heinous stuff. Addition to, like, there was a. Supposedly, he put a hit on somebody but then that was not actually tried. And the prosecution had a bunch of lies and something. I don't know. I don't know the whole story.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm in the extreme. I'm in the extreme minority. And I will admit this. I am not on the free Ross camp. So why?
Speaker B: So why?
Speaker A: So, you know, it went through a normal trial. There was a court. You know, the facts of it were heard. Yes, the relative sentencing is somewhat unfair, and I think that's what a lot of people are mad about.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: But, like, objectively, he was involved in some bad activities.
Speaker D: I think the sentencing is actually the point. So he's actually commuting the sentence, not pardoning him. So, I mean, technical. But, you know, I think that is mostly what people take.
Speaker B: I started reading about this because I'm like, I am so uninformed about why people are mad. So apparently what happened was that the two FBI agents who basically were on the Silk Road trying to frame. Trying to frame Dreadfire Roberts, both of them ended up later themselves getting prosecuted for all sorts of misconduct as FBI agents.
Speaker D: Shout out Katie Hahn.
Speaker B: Shout out Katie Hahn, who was the prosecutor at that time on that case. And apparently those two agents had access to the database. So they could have forged these messages wherein supposedly he put a hit on some people who are, like, betraying him or something. And multiple people, including the person who supposedly had a hit put on him, said that, no, that never happened. And, like, I don't think this doesn't make sense. So basically, there's a lot of speculative doubt about whether or not he actually tried to have anyone killed. And if he did not try to have anyone killed, his sentencing was extremely harsh. Like, ridiculously hard. Way higher. It was over the sentencing guidelines.
Speaker A: Yeah, but is the Silk road worse than FTX? Is it a fraction as bad as FTX? Right. Like, just. These are obviously moral questions here, but they are.
Speaker B: They are.
Speaker A: The Silk road was bad. Right. The Silk road is not a good thing.
Speaker B: I think we can agree on that.
Speaker A: At the end of the day, he was.
Speaker C: I think people got valuable utility out of the Silk Road.
Speaker B: Tarun does not agree with that. The Silk Road is a good thing.
Speaker C: I don't know what the welfare is. Like, there was some negatives. There were some positives. I don't know where it.
Speaker B: Okay. This is not the place to adjudicate the more morality of the Silk Road. Let's get back to Trump. So Trump pro crypto commuting, Ross Albright's sentence, and he just, of course, just as about, like, an hour ago, he was just.
Speaker C: The allegations, as I said, did not.
Speaker B: Beat the allegations in the hush money case against Romy Daniels. And so it looks like he potentially be the first, not the first, actually, but the first in a while presidential candidate who has been convicted of a felony. So it looks like Trump is now really, really gunning hard for this pro crypto camp. What are you guys thoughts on this? Is it surprising? Is it expected? And supposedly as well. We just saw this this morning as well in the Wall Street Journal that apparently he's getting a lot of his advice from Elon and he's considering putting Elon into a very senior position in the administration.
Speaker A: I think that was denied. I mean, Elon said that that was false. But who knows?
Speaker C: The market certainly responded with their dogecoin purchases, though.
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker D: I am curious to hear the backstory because I do feel like we talked about this on the show a couple of times. I think the calculus of appealing to crypto as an asset class holders, it made so much sense. There was just a survey out from Grayscale, I think, a day or two ago. I think, like 17% of Americans own bitcoin 7017, still very one in five Americans. Um, and so it's like, you know, who is it was actually doing the math and thinking, yes, it makes sense to try to put this asset class in a box and sort of shut it down. Um, I think Trump probably just did the math. I was like, yeah, this is, these are free votes. I think it's the specifics of the policy. I'm actually very curious about. Like, the free Ross thing feels like a shibboleth for, like, crypto people.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker D: It's like, okay, you're in the weeds. You know, this is something that people care about or they talk about. And so, um, I think that's a big part of getting it right is like, okay, to your point around Biden, what does it concretely translate to in terms of policy changes, in terms of how an administration is treating crypto or how crypto is treated in the US?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, he was at the, like, national libertarian convention, so it's kind of red meat for those guys.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: Like, I saw the video, and in the video, there were literally people with free, raw signs in the video.
Speaker D: So maybe you're just reading a sign.
Speaker B: He might have just been like, oh, that guy. I will commute him whatever you want. I would just vote for me. So I don't know what to say.
Speaker A: I think he just has policy advisors and political advisors that know that crypto on the whole is a grand slam wedge issue. If he's able to claim it as his mantle and the Democrats don't because 17% of Americans have crypto, how can you go against that large of percentage of the country? It's terrible politics. You have to support it. Trump is a tactician. He knows what he's doing. He's not an idiot on this. It's a winning issue. Good on him for supporting it. And we'll see if the Biden campaign actually comes around. We'll see if the Biden administration comes around because right now it's all talk.
Speaker B: He is also positioning himself as being very tech aligned.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: Right. So you see the same thing in Silicon Valley now. More and more people are kind of coming out as being very pro Trump and or moderately pro Trump or like flirting with.
Speaker C: Yeah, I don't know about very. No one is.
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker C: Like wearing the, you know, the Trump memorabilia shirts. And that's true.
Speaker B: But there's been all this reporting about fundraisers and things like that that have been happening in Silicon Valley.
Speaker D: So Sean McGuire from Sequoia just put out a post saying he donated three hundred k to Trump. So I think like an hour ago. Yeah, yeah. And so anyway, I think people are becoming more pro Trump in a way that they were not in like 2016. There was still a Trump contingent in Silicon Valley, but it was very hush hush. You know, you can't publicly talk about it.
Speaker B: Right. And of course, the other element of it has been all of the packs that have put together the fair shake pack and then the staying with crypto pack, which have raised. How much total have they raised?
Speaker A: Over $100 million.
Speaker B: Over. I know it's over 100. Yeah. And a six and Z just announced that they also made another big donation of 25.
Speaker A: 25.
Speaker B: 25 million.
Speaker A: 47 million total. Now that they've.
Speaker B: Yeah. So we can tell there's a lot of money now that is being coordinated around these pro crypto causes, which now feels like another big tailwind, that money talks in politics, like it or not. And both tech and crypto are talking very loudly at a point where they weren't really doing this four years ago, which is a little bit surprising because it's not as though there was no money in crypto four years ago. But I feel like the coordination and the kind of seriousness of the crypto industry was just not really there. And maybe it was just also just more weird because you didn't have mainstream institutions like Blackrock and the banks and the fidelities of the world putting their weight behind it.
Speaker D: There's also just not as much active hostility towards crypto. I think four years ago versus now, it was just more general dysfunction. And I think that's been the big regime shift, has been actively trying to shut down the asset class, actively trying to put developers in jail, and I think this is the backlash against that.
Speaker B: Right, right. Yeah. Very interesting. Okay, so another story. So, switching gears kind of a lot, there's been. We continue to revisit the dumpster fire that is meme coin mania. And this week, there was a very interesting meme coin launched by a name brand celebrity, Caitlyn Jenner.
Speaker C: So, wait, wait, wait. Don't forget Iggy Azalea, man.
Speaker B: But Iggy Azalea didn't launch her own meme coin. It was like she disclaimed a meme coin that was launched in her name. I was gonna say, there was a.
Speaker D: Very nice segue there where Kailyn Jenner posted a picture of her shaking hands with Trump. And so, you know, I should have done that better.
Speaker B: Well, okay. Well, pointed out. Okay, so, generally speaking, in the last cycle when the celebrity started showing up is when I got really worried. Okay, well, the celebrities have shown up.
Speaker A: Are you worried?
Speaker B: I'm worried. I am worried. I don't know if this is a signal for anybody who cares, but Haseeb is officially worried. So Caitlyn Jenner, kind of out of nowhere without really talking about crypto or, like, really kind of building up the, like, hey, I'm interested in crypto. Let's start talking about it. She just tweeted, I have launched a token on pump fund. Here's my pump fund link, which, for those of you who are not aware, Pump fund is kind of like a launch pad for new meme coins.
Speaker C: We have mentioned it many times.
Speaker B: We have mentioned it many times on the show. So this coin called Jenner, which, to be clear, we do not endorse in any way whatsoever. Jenner, apparently, it kind of launched. Everybody assumed that she was hacked because why is Caitlyn Jenner pumping this meme coin? And then she's repeatedly claimed that she and her team are going to make sure that this meme coin goes up and to the right. And it's kind of like she is not getting very good advice on this. And basically, there were some videos that also she posted, and people were like, oh, deepfakes. And she was really. She's, like, super hacked. But turns out, no, it's really Caitlyn Jenner. She was not hacked. And apparently, this, as well, as a number of other meme coins that have been associated with minor celebrities have all been attributed to this one guy named Sahil Arora, who is a. Sorry, let me say I got this right. A former teenage business prodigy from India who somehow has a bunch of connections.
Speaker C: What is a teenage business?
Speaker B: A former teenager. Not teenage anymore.
Speaker C: So he, like, crashed his companies?
Speaker A: No, no, he's still, I guess, a prodigy.
Speaker D: The former part. Is the teenager still a business prodigy?
Speaker B: But yeah, yeah, yeah. Not a former teen. Former teenager.
Speaker C: Pause in saying that.
Speaker B: To be clear, I am also a former teenager and a business prodigy. So I feel a lot of affinity with this guy. I feel a lot of affinity.
Speaker C: All right, so when are your meme coins coming out?
Speaker B: I am working on it. Working on it. Anything official you see right now is not for me. So anyway, he has been accused by multiple people, including Iggy azalea, of being some kind of a scammer. And to be clear, I have no idea if any of this is true. These are allegations. I don't know who you are.
Speaker C: He does just have a lot of pictures in Dubai, which is already. He's not beaten to allegations with that one.
Speaker B: That is very presumptuous. No, look, I know nothing about this guy, but apparently a lot of people don't like him and claim that he is hustling a lot of celebrities. And so apparently now there's a bunch of people who are coming out. I don't know, this is kind of a weird story. I don't really understand where the story starts and ends.
Speaker A: But basically, if we launched meme coins, any of us, we were hacked by Sahil.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: And it's that guy's fault, I guess.
Speaker C: Hacked by Sahil. Boating accident. You heard it here first.
Speaker B: That's probably the next meme coin scams by silence. Yeah. Interesting.
Speaker C: I actually felt really bad. I have a couple of friends whose name, first name Sahil. And I was like, you got. You're googling. Googling. You guys is going to be horrible now.
Speaker B: Yeah, I will say. Actually, I do sometimes meet founders who are named to run, and I'm instantly. I have, like, a slight positive bias toward anybody with that. You're probably slightly smarter than average, you know, and I know that's unfair, but I'm trying to work on it. Try to correct for.
Speaker C: Wow, I feel that way with. With Haseeb. Although, you know, there are no haseebs. No, no, no.
Speaker B: Actually, there was one. Yes, there was one other Haseeb.
Speaker C: But there's also some guy who I think works for Solana foundation, whose name is Chase Barker, but his twitter handle is see Haseeb Archer. And I always look at it, I'm like, is this Haseeb with the Haseeb Haseeb?
Speaker B: That is true. That's true. Did I tell the story about the time I met the other Haseeb?
Speaker A: No. We'll take it offline.
Speaker B: Ok.
Speaker A: I don't think coindesk.
Speaker B: Ok, ok, that's fine. We're running low on time as well. Anyway.
Speaker C: If you hack a loss on YouTube, Haseeb might give you the story in a future episode.
Speaker B: That's true. That's true. Okay, so what do we think is happening from here? Are we gonna see celebrity overload? Are we going back to, like, nfts in 2021? Or what do we expect to see from here?
Speaker A: I mean, this is worse than the last wave of meme coins even a couple months ago. This is dumber. This has less logic to it. And I agree, it's a top signal. I don't think it's the very top signal because there's a lot of, like, incredibly positive macro tailwind still. But this is terrible. There's no future in celebrity coins. Like, we don't give advice, but, like, this is investment advice. Don't touch celebrity coins, please, just don't do it.
Speaker C: Wow. I didn't know we were undoing our disclaimer.
Speaker B: I'm going to keep the disclaimer. You can recant for yourself. I'm not giving investing advice. But, yeah, it does feel like if you think about when the celebrity endorsements are happening for NFTs, that was like January 2021, right? So the cycle started summer of 2020, basically. January 2021, you had all the celebrities launching NFT collections, and then by probably summer to fall of 2021, it became the ten K pfps. And the meta had really shifted.
Speaker C: The NFTs had like, some pretense of usefulness, right? They're like, I'm gonna make a movie or tv show which never, never showed up.
Speaker D: Oh, I think most of the beauty is the opposite. It's that it is just a jpEg. You know, when you're buying, like the Grimes NFT, it's like, that's what you get. You're not buying album covers, I think coins with pictures. I wonder if this is kind of a backdoor, because, I mean, the other thing too is, right, there was a whole wave of SEc settlements with these undisclosed endorsements, where these are paid endorsements, celebrities, for whatever random token, they end up giving back most of the money. I wonder if this is like, obviously this is a kind of paid endorsement, because it's my coin and I'm going to be doing, and it's not a security because I didn't do anything, or I wonder if this is them responding to market pressure, where it's an NFT that doesn't do anything. It's obviously my token. Therefore I have ownership in this thing. But yeah, I just find the whole thing very baffling, honestly.
Speaker B: It also seems obviously against the spirit of meme coins, which is all about the fair launches. Nobody in particular owns this and their memes.
Speaker C: Isn't that the nature of decentralized systems? Someone finds something that kind of works because it. It either was financially reasonable or they found a good vibe or a good community. And then eventually there's enough capital that somehow occurs there that everyone is like, I'm going to vampire attack the shit out of this with my edge, which the celebrity cases I famous and have a big Instagram following.
Speaker B: Okay, so let's imagine that we are. Okay, everyone now knows Sahil is a scammer. Allegedly. Allegedly. Please don't sue Sahelda. So everyone now knows. Okay, maybe don't work with Sahil. Let's say that there are celebrities, which obviously there are listening to this show. What would be your advice, if you are playing the next sahil, to how a celebrity should play this cycle?
Speaker D: Well, if you have an announcement video, you should post a signed hash of it alongside your announcement video, so people know it's a verified video and it's definitely not a deep fake. You know how this whole sort of several day.
Speaker B: How does that help?
Speaker D: What do you mean? It's. You can have your ens and be like, hey, this is the Caitlyn Jenner ens. And then.
Speaker B: Nobody knew the Caitlyn Jenner Ens before.
Speaker D: Yeah, maybe that was the last way.
Speaker B: That's the thing. Post your address right now. Yeah. That way later, if you're hacked, you can prove that the hacker also has your ens or you're not hacked.
Speaker A: Yeah, my advice is really simple. Don't do it. Just. No.
Speaker B: Anything. Come on. You want to do something, Robert?
Speaker C: No.
Speaker B: Let's say Lebron, okay? Let's say Lebron is listening to this, okay? He's like, look, I think crypto's cool. I want to do something. Will you say LeBron screw off.
Speaker A: No, no. Celebrity coins.
Speaker C: He wanted a celebrity coin.
Speaker A: Okay, Lebron. Become a fan of bitcoin and ether.
Speaker B: Look straight into the camera. Look straight into the camera for LeBron.
Speaker A: LeBron don't launch your own celebrity token.
Speaker C: I'm taking my talents to Solana. That's what he would reply with.
Speaker D: I saw Hyundai is using Hedera hashgraph to reduce their carbon footprint. So maybe LeBron could do that. I think Lebron is using Solana.
Speaker C: I think what I would do is I would try to do a physical airdrop where you literally drop stuff from the air in order to.
Speaker B: It's tall enough in order to actually pull that off.
Speaker C: I love the idea of just physical air drops. Like, you physically drop things that you, like throwing things. You're getting wallets that are dropping in the air, and, you know, you get some of the meme coins.
Speaker B: Okay. Not as physically scalable, but, yeah, I like the idea.
Speaker C: Physical air drop.
Speaker B: Creative all the way I look. What I would say is, adopt a meme coin. Right? It's like, if you want. If you're a celebrity, you want to play find some meme coin that already is community.
Speaker C: The SPCA for meme coin.
Speaker B: Exactly. Exactly. Like, find something that's, like, not really working, but has the right kind of credentials, the right kind of soup that it's swimming in. Right? Like, look what Elon did with doge. That is the way to play a meme coin. Right? Don't launch Elon coin. That's stupid. Right? Instead, find something that already has that. That jeune sais quoi and adopt it and help nurture it.
Speaker C: Who was that guy during, like, all the GameStop run up stuff? That was like, Lauren, Kitty, the. No, no, no. This, like, he. He founded some dog company, and then he started just, like, pumping a bunch of stocks. He's the guy to follow Ryan something. I. Bunch of lawyers against him.
Speaker B: No clue.
Speaker C: He's a moon emoji lawsuit.
Speaker A: All right, well, to wrap it up, we'll see what the future of celebrity coins holds. Hopefully, it doesn't have much of a future, in my opinion.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Thank you all for joining us on coindesk chopping block, live from consensus.
Speaker B: See, everybody.
