Speaker A: Hey unchained listeners. As you know its hard keeping up with the fast paced world of crypto, so weve got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. youll get the latest crypto news in original articles from our reporters, as well as summaries of other happenings in bullet points. Plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. Its still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot.
Speaker B: Not a dividend, its a tale of Tukwan.
Speaker C: Now your losses are on someone elses balance sheet.
Speaker D: Generally speaking, airdrops are kind of pointless anyways.
Speaker C: Unnamed trading firms who are very involved.
Speaker B: Alec Eth is the ultimate defi protocols.
Speaker E: Are the antidote to this problem.
Speaker C: Hello everybody. Welcome to the chopping block. Every couple of weeks, the four of us get together and give the industry insiders perspective on the crypto topics of the day. So quick intros. First we got Tom, the defi maven and master of memes. Next we've got Robert, the crypto connoisseur and the tsar of Superstate. Then we've got Tarun the giga brain and grand Poobah at Gauntlet. And finally, I massib the head hype man at Dragonfly. So we are early stage investors in crypto, but I want to caveat that nothing we say here is investment advice, legal advice, or even life advice. Please see choppingblock dot XYZ for more disclosures. So you might notice something a little bit different about us today. Turns out that we are now officially sponsored by Red Bull. In fact, we are so sponsored by Red Bull that they sent us Tarun, why don't you tell us what we got in exchange for this incredible, absolutely very official sponsorship?
Speaker B: I believe what happened is me, as the always drinking Red Bull on the show speaker, had lamented the fact that I drink so much Red Bull, but then talk about all the time and I'm not sponsored. And someone listening to this here show happened to be working at Red Bull, or actually very close to someone who's working at Red Bull and marketing and sent over a little care package of four cases of 32 cans of Red Bull, which, had there not been conferences I was traveling, would have been kind of finished by now. Close. But in exchange for that of course, we wanted to show our school spirit and school colors.
Speaker C: That's right. I believe that retails at Costco for about $40. But it's a bull market. Sorry. It's a bear market in crypto. We have no sponsorship money is running. That's right. We got. It's a Red Bull market at this point, so we're doing everything we can. Red Bull, if there's more where that came from, we're ready for it.
Speaker B: RB is a set of two letters that is blowing up both in crypto and in extreme sports. Between rollbit and Red Bull, crypto is just filled with lots of these rbs. That's not financial advice.
Speaker C: As a show, we sell out immediately. So if there's any more, there's any more Red Bull swag you can send us, we will go even harder than this.
Speaker B: In fact, the number one thing, I think that means that you've made it as a. A podcast or streaming site that loves Red Bull is the Red Bull fridge. So, yes.
Speaker C: So we've seen that there are certain streamers who are like twitch streamers who get this, like, branded Red Bull fridge. This is our bid to try to get a branded Red Bull fridge. So Red Bull, if you're. If you're watching, if anybody at the Red Bull corporate something or other, if you know somebody at Red Bull, send them this and let them know that we are. We are ready to sell out even more. If we can get a Red Bull.
Speaker E: Fridge, you just ship it to Tarun, Brooklyn, New York. It'll arrive at Tarun.
Speaker C: Just write that. Just write that. Tarun, Brooklyn, New York. And it'll show up. Everyone knows Tarun, so perfect. All right, well, that's enough for me. My head is gonna get sweaty wearing this. Yeah. Until we get the fridge, we're not gonna go the full show with the branding, but if we get the fridge, we're going entire show with Red Bull branding. I also loved on Twitter, somebody said that Tarun was the first. Was it the first intellectual athlete sponsored by Red Bull? That was very fitting. I thought that was very fitting. I think it might be. It might be the first math that's surprising.
Speaker B: I would, I would. I would bet they already did that. I somehow, somewhere they sponsor anything. Like, have you guys ever seen the flug tag, which is a sport that I feel like they made up? It's where you make a, like, what is that wooden plane that can't fly? And you push it off a ramp over some water, and it's like, how far can you make this, like, thing that, like, can't glide.
Speaker C: Mmm. Highly dangerous.
Speaker B: I mean, some of them are hilarious. Like, people get pushed off and the entire thing disintegrates as they're in it. And then they fall into the water. Yes.
Speaker C: Oh, someone's in it. Oh, I thought it was just like one of these. Oh, my God. All right. That's intense. Oh, I see. Got it. Got it. All right, well, I don't know if we're ready for that. I think about extreme as we get is like, sitting with wearing merchandise. But if that's attractive to your Red bull, we are ready for it. Okay, so let's do a quick recap. Last week, we talked about all the craziness that was going on with the CRV attack. I think we were lamenting the state of smart contract security and talking about what this means and how DeFi is potentially going to recover from it. Well, it's been about a week since the CRV hack took place, and there's some updates. So one is mysteriously the exploiter of the CRV bug is we now know a little bit more about them because they turned out to return a little bit of the money. So the story here is that one of the pools that was hacked was from a protocol called alchemics. And alchemics, they are, what is it?
Speaker D: Self repaying loans.
Speaker C: Self repaying loans. That's what it was. I remember it was very, very popular DeFi 2.0 project back in the last cycle. So they had some kind of stable to stable pair, and that got hacked because of this old viper vulnerability. So the attacker ended up sending back all of the Al EtH that was hacked, and they sent a message to at the same time that they sent this money back. And this message was about 12.7 million, including the ETH, and the al EtH that was returned. And the message they send was the following. I saw some ridiculous views. So I want to clarify that I'm refunding you. Not because you can find me. It's because I don't want to ruin your project. Maybe it's a lot of money for people like you, but not for me. I'm smarter than all of you. Fuck. That was what I said. I don't know what you guys thought of this. It sounded just the way that he was talking, like, very russian or something. I feel like it's a very russian way to talk of, like, you guys are idiots, and then an expletive.
Speaker E: You're projecting.
Speaker C: Am I projecting? Am I projecting?
Speaker E: I can't read any nationality from that statement. The only thing I can read is, like, a personality disorder. And I've met people like this in crypto where they just, you know, think that they are the smartest person on the Internet because they can exploit a contract.
Speaker B: Guess is actually not. Yeah. Not ethnicity or ego. But under 22, I would be willing to bet, like, three to one. Three to one odds.
Speaker C: Like, under 17 is definitely solo. It's not organized if you're sending messages like this after a hack. But it did feel to me just like the way it was written, that this is clearly not a native english speaker. Maybe I'm being racist.
Speaker D: The other weird part was the funds were not returned to curve. They returned them to the Alchemyx wallet, alchemic style. So it's not like Curve lP's, everyone's getting refunded. It's like Alchemyx. You go figure it out. I like you, you're cool. Everyone else gets. Gets fucked.
Speaker C: Oh, that's an interesting angle. I didn't think about that. Okay.
Speaker E: But I assume Alchemyx will return it to the curve users that it was taken from.
Speaker D: Yes, yes. They're like, you will figure it out. But it's like, almost like, I don't like curve. You don't have the responsibility anymore. Alchemix is the only one I love, and everyone else sucks. And they just pieced out. It was very strange.
Speaker C: Yeah, because he didn't return funds to any other of the hacked protocols. So there. And there were a few others. So, yeah, maybe this is like, Alchemyx is cool. I like Defi 2.0. I don't like curve. I don't know. Strange. So. So another side of that was that. So curve actually put a bounty on the recovery of these funds. So the curve basically announced that if you return these funds within a week, we are going to give you a 10% bounty on all of the hacked funds. You know, it was something on the order of 60 million total that was hacked. Uh, and so, you know, $6 million, no chump change for an attack of the sort. But of course, those funds were not returned in whole to curve. And so curve, at the same time as they announced that, hey, we're going to give you this kind of bug bounty window that if you return, all things are off. We're not going to pursue you. They said, if we don't get the funds returned within a week, then automatically we are going to place a bounty on basically figuring out who you are. So doxing, whoever the attacker is. So that doxing bounty is now live. So it's about $1.85 million for the doxxing of the hacker and or of, you know, successfully achieving a conviction on the hacker. So now the race is on. I don't know if there are crypto bounty hunters out there who are capable of unmasking this guy.
Speaker B: Only thing I find kind of funny about this is some of the people who are extremely vitriolic against Arkham for docs to earn, which arguably is not that different than this, are really promoting this. And I'm just like, I don't know, like, pick a side. If you're gonna be like, you know, don't do docs to earn, then, like, you can't kind, like, I get that this is more morally, you know, less dubious than generic docs to earn. But I did think it was kind of funny to watch, like, people's sides flip for this particular case because we talked about Arkham in episode reason.
Speaker C: What's your take on doctor earn generally? Tarun, in terms of, like, a normative stance, do you think docs are generally fine, generally not fine. Special circumstances? Okay.
Speaker B: I mean, I totally get it for the security reasons, and I don't hold anything against people doing it. I just wouldn't want to be participating as a bounty. So there's a difference between, like, do you view the someone else doing it, anyone doing it as acceptable, versus do you view yourself doing it as acceptable? I think I'm much more in the camp of, like, hey, look, for the security stuff, fine. It makes a lot of sense for someone to do it. But I do think, like, the generic thing can get unwieldy, but I do think the people who were very vitriolic against it were very anti vitriolic here and being, like, bounty hunt this person and catch them. Like, in a way that was kind of like, well, maybe the Arkham people proved something about you to yourself, you know?
Speaker C: Robert, do you have a view on this question?
Speaker E: Yeah, I mean, we had the Arkham episode two weeks ago, three weeks ago. I think, you know, what they're trying to do is get law enforcement information to find a hacker that stole funds from the users. You know, I think in this case in general, like, they're free to use capitalism to what I think is creating more public good in the aggregate at the detriment of one individual who acted maliciously to steal the funds. So I think in this case, especially, you know, with the wild west of crypto, it's going to be more effective than them not doing this bounty and solving the wrong.
Speaker C: Yeah. Tom, what's your take?
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, I think it's kind of like a proof of innocence versus proof of guilt kind of thing, right? Like, at this point, we know that this person hack the protocol so you can rightfully place a bounty on his head versus, like, you know, requiring everyone to prove who they are if, you know, even if they maybe have not done anything wrong, or it's purely for some other self motivated reasons why you might want to know what an address is. And so there's a bit of that component to it, too. But I'd be curious to learn more kind of about the forensics that they're using to identify something, because I feel there has been a pretty high success rate with doxing addresses in the past. And some of it is obvious, right? It's like somebody off boards through a exchange, and the exchange has your KYC, so obviously that's not going to work. But some of them feel a lot more nuanced. And so I don't know what's going on in the backend. And I think there was like, the Seal 911 telegram channel that got announced this week of sort of a collection of white hats where you can report that your exchange has been hacked or your protocol has been hacked. But I'd be curious to learn more about what the recovery process looks like and what they're doing beyond sort of the most vanilla stuff.
Speaker C: Yeah, it does seem like most of the time they are triangulating with exchanges, and this is one of those places where it really is kind of a improvised set of rules. Right. There is. These exchanges are acting internationally. There is really no binding constraint that forces them to cooperate. They just do because there is a certain moral authority when a big, important DeFi protocol gets hacked and everybody comes together and is like, hey, now is not the time to be kind of stopping and asking, is this okay to do this or not? Let's just go roll up our sleeves and help. So I think it does feel quite different than just a generic like Arkham. I mean, the problem with something like Arkham is that you can really kind of use it for anything. You can use it to blackmail people. You can use it to threaten people. You can basically be like, hey, do this, or I'm going to go put your name on Arkham and try to dox you and blah, blah, blah. I think there's obvious room for harm in the same way that in a prediction market, obviously, prediction markets can do a lot of great things. You put an assassination market together. And all of a sudden, capitalism can have really nefarious side effects on individual people. And so I think it's wise to have some. I don't know. Again, I haven't spent that much time thinking about Arkham. Maybe they've already thought about all this, and they're like, yeah, we have some kind of moderation committee or something that takes down requests that seem to be malicious, but it's hard to tell in principle, right? Of like, hey, here's an address, tell me who it is. But this case is one that's very clear. And I think one thing you see over and over again is that pretty much everybody in crypto, whether they're an exchange, whether they're a stable coin issuer or whatever, they will all rally around. Fuck the hackers. And this is one of the most obvious cases where whoever this hacker is is clearly kind of a loose cannon. And people, I think, will be very quick to try to bring them to justice if they can. The upside of this whole story is that it seems like now the worst is over. We were talking a lot last week about some of the side effects and some of the collateral damage, so to speak, downstream of curve, like in Aave and in fracs. At this point, the CRV price has recovered significantly. It's now back at think it hit a bottom of something like $0.40. So it's up more or less 50% from the bottom. All the loans that Michael Igorov has outstanding are pretty safe with respect to their collateral ratios. And the TVL in curve has also been recovering. So it's up to something like 2.5 billion from a low of 1.5 billion. So it seems like it's more or less over, although it's always possible for something to happen again to trigger these fears. Tarun, you were spending a lot of time making recommendations to some of these protocols. Now that the dust has cleared, is there something that you feel like needs to change in defi? Is there a kind of broader lesson behind the lesson, or sort of a meta lesson that we need to learn from this, beyond just, okay, Viper compiler bugs, blah, blah, blah?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, I think there's a lot of lessons that have to be learned about doing some of these things in the decentralized world. In the same way that the bug bounties are a little bit unstructured, I think the responses are unstructured. I don't think there's, like, a immediate set of things to say right now. Like, we spent some time writing a post mortem and just posted it actually a little bit before the show. And I think one important piece to understand is every defi mechanism has some amount of flexibility to either the users or to the community at large that control it. And understanding the limits of those and knowing which protocols have which limits and which protocols don't have other limits is very important. And I think oftentimes users or voters and daos don't quite pay attention to those details. And so then they're like, maybe don't necessarily view certain things as risky as they should. But I think hopefully over time, that changes. I think there was certainly a lot of things where particular protocols were like, hey, we completely solved this in all situations, and life is not so simple. There's always some trade offs that you make in these designs. And I think as long as the community is marching towards just greater understanding amongst all market participants in a way that's easy for them to understand over time, I think this will get better. But, yeah, there's not, like, some like, hey, here's the God solution that solves everything type of answer, if that's what you're, you're kind of hinting at, is.
Speaker C: There not something around just, hey, having a single borrower, like, thinking about a single borrower, I feel like that was a lot of the story. Was that, like, one dude basically had, what, like a third of all the outstanding crv supply, and it was like 40%. 40%, yeah. Is that not the story that feels like a big part of the story.
Speaker E: That should be the story that.
Speaker B: I mean, there's certainly that part of the story, but, you know, there's also a lawsuit around that 40%. So, you know, I guess maybe you should just follow the lawsuit and you'll find answers. But I would say the bigger thing is just more like one thing. And this is probably true in all lending institutions, not just in Defi. People are reticent to remove customers that earn them money, and, you know, removing assets, removing things, is very hard for a community sometimes, because they have sort of either a sentimental attachment to it, either, like, hey, it's actually generating, it's a position that technically generated a lot, or generates a lot of revenue. And again, I'm not just saying this is a Defi thing. This is true in centralized land, too. Look at JP Morgan paying these huge fines for lending to Epstein Archegos. My point is, it's not something that's just that I think people in Defi, maybe some of the participants might be newer or hadn't quite thought through. Some of these hazard issues. And even when presented with some of that information, kind of didn't, you know, was like, well, this is, you know, our best customer or whatever. So I. It's a quite nuanced thing. I'm definitely not trying to say, like, hey, like, XYz fucked up and this causes y. Cause w. I'm just trying to work.
Speaker C: You're being uncharacteristically diplomatic about this whole situation. Like, I feel like, I feel like normally I would hear you, like, swearing and talking a bunch of shit and, like, just kinda kind of throwing your weight around. And I can, I can feel you tiptoeing through this political landscape that you're, that it seems like you're in the middle of. So, anyway, that's just a comment. I know that you, I know that you're, I know that you, you've got a bunch of enforces, maybe. Let me, let me ask Robert, we didn't hear from you last week, obviously. The interesting thing was compound was the one lending market that did not have this problem. What's your take on the takeaways? Maybe what Tarun can't say my takeaway.
Speaker E: Is, and I'll use the Archegos analogy, there shouldn't be a situation in which one person has 40% of a token and is borrowing up to pretty much the maximum capacity against 40% of the asset, whether it's a token or a stock in the traditional markets, whatever. There's so many examples of some entity that gets, like, in horrible trouble because they borrow against a massive, massive, massive position, and it creates this reflexivity for the asset in general. Like, icon enterprises recently was in trouble because, like, he was borrowing against, like, his entire stock.
Speaker B: All of the Hindenburg research shorts have actually just basically been identifying public equities around the world where one person owns.
Speaker E: Like, a crazy amount of it and is levered to the hilt against that asset. This is a fundamentally unsound practice, and, like, I don't know how any system allows it, frankly. And I think there needs to be more thought that goes into designing systems where you can't just borrow against 40% of the supply of an asset, whether it's icon or, you know, any other stock targeted by Hindenburg, or whether it's curve. Like, there needs to be more checks put in place. And, like, you might view them as a good customer, but it's a good customer until it goes horrifically wrong. And so, first off, nobody should own 40% of a crypto asset. Second of all, even if they somehow do like, no protocol should allow someone to borrow against the entire stack.
Speaker C: Let me ask, there are a couple of different ways to try to parse what you're describing there. So one is the problem that there was 40% of the supply of CRV that was being barred against, period, or was the problem that that 40% was owned by a single person whose actions were going to all be basically correlated well, instead of being a bunch of different borrowers?
Speaker E: Great question. If it was 100 different borrowers borrowing against 40% of the supply of CRV, they would all have different liquidation thresholds, they would all have different preferences, they would all have different vacation schedules, they wouldn't all be functioning at the same type of risk. That diversification actually will create some safety. And, like, it's not 40% of the supply that would be at risk if it was spread across 100 borrowers, it might be like 5%. Okay? And when it's concentrated in one person, what you see is you see market participants hunting them. Like, people on Twitter were joking around about this, but, like, very seriously, you know, there were market actors that were trying to liquidate Igarov, right? They were doing so because one of his positions on Frax lend used an interest rate model that was honestly, frankly, quite interesting, but also dangerously led to people trying to hunt his position by max borrowing against curve in Fraxland to juice the interest rate model. Now, unlike most protocols where the interest rate models are like some chart that's a function of utilization on FRACs lend, this particular interest rate model was like a PID controller type model, where as a function of utilization, over time, the interest rates could go parabolic. And so in this market, the interest rate to borrow against curve was going parabolic, went from like 15% to like 75% over a day or so, and it was projected to keep on increasing parabolically, to the point that Michael would have been unable to finance his position. He would have been liquidated, and there would have been this crazy potential cascade risk if there was a liquidation on one market, because it could have just triggered a global decrease in the price. And so what wound up happening was he had to essentially start selling and unwinding his position, starting with Frax lend, because that was the subset of the overall position that was most at risk. And so this really only happens when a position is so large and concentrated in one person. If it was split up amongst many people, who cares if one of them would have gotten liquidated? It wouldn't matter. But if it's one uber whale with 40% of the supply, you're jeopardizing the whole asset.
Speaker C: Here's the tricky thing, though. I agree with you, and that makes perfect sense, that you don't want the entire supply of an asset moving in lockstep in crypto, in defi, where we don't know if iglorov had 100 addresses, there's no way in principle for compound or AAVE or Fraxland to be able to tell that, oh, this is all the same guy. So how do you control that risk in Defi? In CFI, it's straightforward, because you could ask the beneficial owners. You figure out, okay, even if you have some spv, I'm like, okay, I know this is really you. How do you prevent that in Defi?
Speaker E: Well, the easiest way is for an individual protocol to cap or limit its exposure to any one asset, like, at a contract level. So, like, a great example is, I think the current version of AAVE allows this. I think the current version of compound allows this, where you say, oh, the protocol is only willing to accept 15 million of crv, or, like, some amount that's safe enough that even if things went horrifically wrong, the protocol could shrug it off. That's the easiest way to, like, avoid the majority of the downside risk. But the other way to do it is you could basically, I guess that's the easiest way to go about it. There's more complex solutions, but I think the easiest is just limiting exposure to one specific asset, especially if it's not incredibly liquid.
Speaker B: Another point is, how correlated are the liquidation prices for all the positions? There's no difference between 100 borrowers at exactly the same liquidation price and one borrower. I mean, gas, fine. Mev also goes up, so. But, like, roughly speaking, they should be roughly the same. And so how distributed are the liquidation prices? How is the volume liquidity adjusted at each of those price levels? This is the type of stuff that we spend a lot of time analyzing, and so, like, there are ways to do it. Unfortunately, some of the early versions of protocols didn't have caps, and so that's kind of one of the reasons we got into this position. But I think, in general, people are obviously, hopefully learning a lot from this. I think, like I said, I think community members in general probably, hopefully have. This is their, hopefully archegos momentous. They understand that.
Speaker C: It's definitely a very teachable moment. It's one of those times where I think people are able to actually learn a lesson when they see how close to the brink everything came in Defi. I'm hopeful and I think, I'm very positive that people are going to learn from this. There was another interesting experiment in Defi that just took place this week, which was with Makerdao. Makerdao. Their stable coin is called dai. There's this yield that dai pays out called the dai savings rate. The idea is that if you lock up your daiden into this vehicle, call it just the dai savings rate, uh, you can earn a yield just by just passively sitting on your dai. Um, there's a few other kind of cute things like chai, which basically allows you to tokenize a dai that's sitting in the dai savings rate. But basically the dai savings rate for the last however long has not been very popular because the amount of yield that the dai savings rate was paying was very low. I believe it was like what, 1% or sub 1% for a while. And they recently started jacking up that rate. So that rate treasuries obviously now are north of 5%. The DAI savings rate was up to. Was it like two to 3%?
Speaker D: It was like 3.3%. And then recently they started jacking it up. It went up to 8% about like a week ago or a few days ago. And that's kind of what caused this entire sort of situation now I guess, with the DSR.
Speaker C: Yeah. So basically there's this thing called the enhanced DAi savings rate, the EDSRze and EDSR is this experiment to what happens if we jack up the interest rate on DAi to 8%? Now that's a rate that's at the margin as more people start depositing. And very quickly you had I think over half a billion dollars of diamond did so they could capture the yield in the EDSR. That yield has come down significantly now it's, I think, closer to 5% as opposed to eight. But my understanding of this experiment was it was a way to see if we offer more yield to borrowers, what is the elasticity of demand such that how much more capital are we going to get into the protocol? And more diamond and potentially more liquidity created for our stablecoin just by offering a relatively small amount of yield that we don't have to pay for a super long period of time. I think this is in a way, makerdao kind of experimenting and trying to model out what happens if we start offering one element of the Endgame plan for Makerdao, which is this big master plan that involves potentially yield farming. If we start offering additional yield or juicing the dai yield, what's going to happen to the Dai supply and how can we model that out? And it seems like Maker is poking and trying to see what happens if we do this. And if we do this, we want to make sure that we're being intelligent about how much we're spending on the yield and attracting more deposits, trying to make a play at becoming this super stable coin, let's say. Any thoughts on what makers doing here?
Speaker E: Well, I think if they really want to go for it, they should just take anchor's 18% interest rate and start there because 8%, I mean, that's not going to get you the $40 billion of stablecoins.
Speaker C: Well, the difference is that anchor guaranteed 18% regardless of utilization, which is completely insane. Maker was only offering this for the marginal dollar and as more people came in, the yield went down. Of course I was being slightly facetious, but just to be clear for the audience, because I think a lot of people would hear that be like, oh shit.
Speaker B: Yeah, it is very true that. One thing I've realized being in crypto for the last five years is there are still lots of people I talk to who don't know the difference between USDC DAi and UST. And they're all just like, oh, they're all stable coins, all bad, all good. There's no like, there's no nuance to like splitting the, splitting them into good basket, bad basket. So yeah, it is, it is kind of funny. I think the idea of doing these elasticity experiments is interesting, although I think this one was kind of obvious that it was going to be dominated by large players, because the key metric is the spread between borrowing against your die versus sort of minting new Dai. So the idea is like, hey, look, if I can borrow Dai and pay 3%, but then I can earn, and then I can use that to create new Dai and earn 8%, there's a 5% spread and I can recursively do that a bunch of times. I think the end games goals are we're not necessarily to like, reward the largest holders, but of course, just structurally, such incentives generally tend to be harder to capture for the smaller users. So it's interesting to see they're already changing and we'll see what the outcome of this experiment is.
Speaker D: Yeah, it feels kind of like a wash. Basically. The amount of dye in circulation went up by almost exactly the amount of incremental dye that was added to the DSR. So it was definitely like Turin. So you have these whales who come in, see this carry trade where you can borrow die at three, 4% deposit it and then. Or 8% and they can just leave it. I think the idea is not wrong. It's sort of like a bank offering an introductory rate that obviously goes away after a period of time. But it's not really having the intended outcome of actually introducing meaningful incremental demand for Dai and sort of people actually being able to treat this like a savings account in some way.
Speaker C: Yeah, it does appear like the financialization of DAI is mostly going to appeal to smart traders or going to arbit away pretty quick. That said, it did. I don't know if this was the intended effect, but it did get a lot of eyeballs with the headlines of oh my God, Dai is offering 8%. I don't know if that's good or bad because I think for most people it's pretty obvious that that's a negative interest rate margin for Dai. I mean for some people they might be like ooh, maybe I should start paying more attention to the makerdao ecosystem. I think for some people it's like, oh God, I guess we didn't learn any lessons from 2021. So I'm a little bit mixed about whether even just the headline of whether or not it's a short lived experiment. The headline of DAi is offering 8% now in the DSR is actually good or bad net for DeFi.
Speaker D: Yeah, I agree. I think a lot of people have PTSD to terra and anchor and every time you say stablecoin or any yield related to a stablecoin, kind of flashback to that. I think the DSR is also kind of strange. Dai, the end goal is you want this to be an actual currency that is accepted, that people use, that they save in, that they engage in commerce in. And that's really only possible if it's liquid and people actually use it and it's out in the world and there's demand for it. Yet with the DSR, yeah, they have chai which is sort of this like wrapper on top of the DSR that creates a tokenized version of your deposit. But the DAi and the DSR isn't out there in the world, right. If all the DAi were in the DSR, it wouldn't really be a very good stablecoin because it would just be locked in this contract and not really tradable. And if you sort of split it between chai and Dai then they're not really liquid either. And so I understand sort of the incentive. But think from a product perspective it's just not super usable, it doesn't have the right ergonomics for what I think maker is trying to do with it.
Speaker C: It seems like the DSR, it's kind of like the risk free rate or something in DeFi, where if the DSR increases, it kind of forces interest rates everywhere to follow in lockstep. So it is. I mean, it's not literally risk free, for obvious reasons. I mean, it's tied to a particular defi protocol, but it seems to have that effect in some way on the yields across Defi. And it's interesting, because I haven't thought about this very much. I'm curious, Robert Tarun, how you think about this. But to Tom's point, if you raise the rates of the DSR, it basically incentivizes people to create Dai, but then kind of lock it up. So essentially just like lock up ether or lock up whatever they're minting DAi with USDC, whatever, and just have it sit there and do nothing. Whereas if you just instead lowered the interest rate on vaults, you kind of have the same effect, but you increase the circulating die instead of increasing the amount of collateral that's just sitting there doing nothing. Why would you want to increase the DSR and not just lower the interest rate on vaults?
Speaker E: Well, I think you could. I think at the end of the day, what they're creating is a system in which interest passes from those who are borrowing to those who own the asset. It really should be the same, roughly, to increase the interest rate that you're paying, or lower the interest rate that you're charging to get to the same equilibrium. Supply and demand dynamics, roughly. But I think in this case, because the savings rate was so low, it just makes more sense to start on that side.
Speaker B: One tiny thing to note in that regard is interest rates are strictly positive numbers, and so they're sort of going down, has slightly higher, you could think of as higher weight than going up if you have equiprobable ups and downs. Partially this comes from the fact that sort of like the geometric mean is less than the arithmetic mean. That's too much of the in the weeds on this. But the idea is like, when I'm looking at things that are the ratios, and I can only go to zero, zero is a point of infinity. And infinity. I'm always a finite distance from zero, but I'm always an infinite distance from the maximum possible rate, so I'm sort of biased. And so that means that your lever going down, which is the collection rate, is less effective than the increase rate. In some way, it's less elastic, which is why you might see the experiment behave better by doing increase the interest rate paid by 10% versus decrease the borrower cost by 10%. It's unfortunately, there is some tiny bias to those two, but technical detail.
Speaker D: Yeah. This Monet supply, who's involved in maker governance talks about this sometimes of like there's sort of this mental model of how we think maker works or how we think DeFi works of market is very efficient, capital is very fluid. People move to normalize rates across different venues. In practice, it's actually not that elastic. When you actually adjust interest rates, a lot of people still stick around. They don't even realize that the rates are moving. There's a lot of lag and it's not quite as responsive as you would imagine be in a truly efficient, optimal market. So maybe some evidence to Tarun's point.
Speaker C: We just need more AI's involved in this process who are making all these decisions for us instead of human beings.
Speaker B: Well, I hear the AI hype has taken a summer vacation a little bit.
Speaker C: Is that right?
Speaker B: At least that's what the API and views numbers seem to suggest.
Speaker C: Okay, well, let's stay on the stable coin subject for just one more story. So the big story this week that a lot of people are talking about is the new launch of a stablecoin by PayPal. So this stable coin is called pyusd piusD, which somebody calls them called python USD. So this is a stable coin thats issued by Paxos, much like busd binance, stablecoin, Paxos, you might remember, kind of took a beating last year or earlier this year, I think earlier this year for their involvement with binance, but they're back at it. So they're launching this stable coin. It's going to be primarily, it seems like it's going to be primarily used by PayPal itself. I haven't seen any exchange listings yet for PyUSD or any other distribution partners. The fees on PyUSD look to be pretty high. So if you're buying PyUSD, you're swapping through it. On PayPal itself, you pay 1.5% on a swap thats north of $1,000, which is pretty rough. Thats coinbase fees. Basically its like a pretty aggressive fee schedule, but apparently thats par for the course for PayPal. They seem to charge pretty high fees for consumers. Ive seen very mixed reactions to the story. Some people are like, oh look, this proves that web two companies, obviously PayPal is the largest fintech as far as I know. I think its still worth $70 billion by market cap. So it's a very significant company. Paypal doing this is a vindication that, hey, traditional fintechs see the importance of crypto. They see the importance of stable coins, and they take this industry very seriously. Tom, can you pull up a chart of the coin itself and we can see some of the numbers on.
Speaker D: Wait, is it actually live? I thought it was just announced.
Speaker E: Well, I know the token has been deployed. Yeah.
Speaker B: It's been a contract that solidity developers have enjoyed flogging.
Speaker C: Yes. So there's been a lot of. There's been a lot of smack talking on Twitter about the particulars of the contract. Apparently, the contract was written in solidity zero. 4.2, I believe.
Speaker E: Okay, how many.
Speaker C: Which is a very old version of.
Speaker E: Solid high USD exists.
Speaker B: 29,026 mil, also only has six decimals, which people were annoyed about and has.
Speaker D: To make it ergonomic with USDC, you know?
Speaker B: Yeah, no, no. I actually generally am like, all right, who cares? Like, it's not like these stablecoin contracts are, like, pushing the engineering limit of any programming language. They're always, like, the most boring contracts you could look at. So who cares that they're not that great?
Speaker E: Okay, so there's 27 million tokens right now.
Speaker C: PayPal, USDa, nine holders, though.
Speaker E: Yes. Nine holders. One address, 25 million.
Speaker C: That's probably PayPal themselves. No.
Speaker D: Yes. Yeah. Treasury. And then a bunch of.
Speaker C: That's gotta be. Yeah, that 25 million has got to be PayPal on behalf of everybody else. Yeah, and the rest is like $20, $16. These must be, like, tests. So right now it seems like only Paxos and PayPal themselves.
Speaker E: I say we challenge ourselves to play a game live on the air, where we predict the total minted supply of Paypal USD on December 31. And the winner gets the case of.
Speaker C: Lifetime supply of Red Bull.
Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, a lifetime supply of Red Bull that they're going to send to us.
Speaker B: I hope PayPal is listening and that PayPal is willing to fund this endeavor, because I promise it will only bring you great success to your future stablecoin.
Speaker E: Agree.
Speaker C: Okay, in order to do this, that we have to do it blind. So does everyone have, like, a piece of paper that they can write their guess on?
Speaker E: Okay, everybody type it into the private chat.
Speaker C: Okay?
Speaker E: Just type on the count of three.
Speaker D: Okay, good.
Speaker C: Okay, hold up, hold up, hold up. All right.
Speaker E: Okay. Three, two, one. Okay, I'm gonna read off the. I'm gonna read off the guesses.
Speaker D: Not very bullish.
Speaker E: From highest to lowest. Okay, Haseeb. Haseeb has guessed that PayPal USD will end 2023 at 499 million. Tom has guessed 250 million. Tarun, 100 million, and Robert, 70 million.
Speaker C: Okay, I guess we'll check back at the end of the year. Viewers, make a note, in case we forget, is that we have a lifetime of Red Bull supply that we got to supply to whoever wins. Whoever's closest. Whoever's closest. Whoever's closest. Okay, interesting. Are we doing geometric mean or are we doing. No, I'm kidding. I leave that to Toronto.
Speaker B: All right. Okay.
Speaker C: Interesting. All right, so why do you guys think it will be so low? I guess, Robert, you had the lowest estimate. Why do you think it'll be 70 million?
Speaker E: I don't think there's enough incentive for people to pay the one and a half percent fee to get PayPal USD to take it into token form to use it. It's like, it's not like they're going to be like, you know, incentivizing some curve pool and like, creating some crazy yields on, like, PayPal USDa. So frankly, I think it's going to be really low because I don't think by year end there's going to be that many use cases on chain or reasons to hold it. And so people experiment with it, but no one's going to be dropping the big bucks into PayPal USD.
Speaker B: My logic is just more that the only announced use case they had is that PayPal and Venmo will both have wallets and you can transfer between PayPal and Venmo via PiUsD. I didn't see any other use cases, but again, I could have missed something from the announcement. That use case, I'm sure that they will fill with some amount of money as like their normal business process. Instead of them doing it via bank accounts, they'll do it via USD and they'll maybe waive the fee for themselves, effectively because they're paying themselves. I just can't imagine that they'll do a huge amount of volume. I was trying to guess what the volume of that is by end of year, and that was my guess.
Speaker D: Yeah, it's very fair. Just a point of clarification on the fees so far. The understanding is for going from any crypto to PI USD, it's 1.5%. But there's no fee obviously on dollars because then you just create this weird gap and spread similar to coinbase in that regard. Right. If you just go through the Coinbase app, you're paying like 2% or something crazy, but it's free to mint and redeem USDC. I think the issue is just. I agree with everyone else. There's not really an incentive to use this thing. And I think overall crypto has not been a huge winner for Paypal. I pulled their ten k from last year and they listed their Aum at 600 mil for their crypto products. So overall, like very small. And scaling off of that, I don't really know where the incremental demand is going to come from. From a new stable coin that doesn't really seem to have any benefits.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, I largely agree. I mean, we all pick small numbers, right? Nobody picked a big number.
Speaker B: Not you.
Speaker C: Crypto terms?
Speaker E: Well, yeah, I do have the biggest.
Speaker C: Guess of 499 million. I was hoping somebody's going to pick 500 and I was going to price below. Yeah, exactly. But unfortunately I ended up picking just a very, very large number. And so I think why did I choose this number? Honestly, even really crappy stable coins have managed to achieve reasonably large numbers in crypto because I don't know why, like they just happen, they just do. And it's like hard and ex ante to think of the reasons.
Speaker B: I don't think this will be on finance, which might be my reason for why I don't think we'll get.
Speaker C: Maybe, maybe not, maybe not. I mean, was Gusd listed on binance? Was. I mean, obviously true USD was Gemini land though, right?
Speaker B: Like, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's yield farming. Like they had yield.
Speaker E: They also paid people to minted in the early days by selling it at a discount to all the OTC desks and trying to like jump start.
Speaker B: I just don't see PayPal doing any of that type of stuff. Like it's just hard.
Speaker C: Maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe they won't, maybe they won't. But I think for PayPal, I think they find this business line clearly more palatable, especially in this market environment, than crypto itself. Right. I don't think PayPal was ever going to go hard on crypto, quad crypto, but I can absolutely see PayPal going hard on stable coins because they see the market, they see that this market is big, they see circles getting a lot of revenue from sitting on all that USD supply. And I think that when it comes to targeting enterprises as opposed to targeting consumers per se, I can imagine them having a lot more success, not a lot more success, but I can imagine them making a dent in what circle is going after, which is trying to get corporate treasuries and other things to use their stablecoin I think there's a story there. 500 million is not a success story in stablecoin land. 500 million is a tiny, tiny stablecoin. By most measures. It is what happens when a really large, very. I mean, to be clear, PayPal is three and a half times as valuable as coinbase. It is a massive, massive company. So if they want to really grab the shovel and make a move, they could. Preston.
Speaker E: Well, we're going to see who gets that case of Red Bull and how sweet it will be.
Speaker C: We're doing a case or we do a lifetime supply.
Speaker B: The irony though, is that the utility of the three of you combined for this is like infinitely lower than mine for lifetime supply.
Speaker C: Let's do case. I was the one saying lifetime supply. I don't even know how you measure lifetime supply. Isn't it 30 years?
Speaker B: I feel like that's what it used.
Speaker C: To be in, like those commercials in the nineties. It was like, technically this is 30 years or something.
Speaker B: I finally saw the movie you guys recommended to me, or tv show Pepsi wears my jet about. I bet you there's some court case on these lifetime supply things because no one ever says it anymore.
Speaker D: I feel like that is true.
Speaker B: It was like, until sometime the mid two thousands, and then it disappeared. And I kind of feel like someone actually went after someone for not giving them their real lifetime supply.
Speaker E: How much would a lifetime supply of PayPal USD be?
Speaker C: Okay, I'm looking up on Reddit. Apparently it says the lifetime supplies determined by the rules set by the company. Different companies do different things. All right, so here's what we'll do. We'll find a commercial from the nineties that specifies a lifetime supply of a drink, and that's what we'll use to adjudicate this bet. So we'll do a lifetime supply according to nineties rules of Red Bull. Also receivable. Also receivable in dollars or in paper? No, not in dollars. Receivable in Paypal USda. Payable and payPal USD or in Red Bull. Those are the two.
Speaker B: That's why Paypal. That's why PayPal has to pay for this. Because they're getting minters.
Speaker C: Hey, hey. That's true.
Speaker B: They need it.
Speaker C: That's true.
Speaker B: They need it. They need it. This is yield.
Speaker C: I will. We will accept red. We will accept PayPal hats for how much? We've been shilling PayPal minting.
Speaker E: I don't think we're shilling it. I think we are giving an honest analysis and critique.
Speaker C: That's true.
Speaker B: So actually, my question is like, okay, let's maybe zoom out a little bit. If we look at like, the most successful non exchange public company that sells crypto, it's like probably block, I guess, square. Yeah, because of like, so one question I've always wondered is, like, why have, why has PayPal or other fintech players, like, in general, like, I know a bunch of them left, like, revolut just left the us market and stuff, but why hasn't anyone been able to, like, beat block at the bitcoin sales? Is it really just because jack of jacks marketing? I cant be that well, okay, so.
Speaker E: Its because the cash app ux for buying bitcoin is really quite simple. And like, I know a lot of normies that are like, yes, its easy to buy bitcoin using cash app, and like, thats it. Its easy to buy bitcoin using cash.
Speaker B: App, but its just as easy now using Venmo and PayPal. Right. Like they added all the same features, but they don't seem to.
Speaker D: People actually use cash app as their bank. Like, if you're young, like the, you just keep cash in there.
Speaker E: Raptors are checking things out. Paypal. A lot of rappers are rapping about cash app.
Speaker B: PayPal, payPal, Red Bull rappers. 2 hours. The 2 hours of success for you.
Speaker D: Yeah, I'm looking at the defi llama list of stable coins, and there are some very strange ones towards the bottom.
Speaker E: Bring up the page.
Speaker C: What do you got? Yeah, come on, we gotta get something. We gotta get, we gotta get this on video.
Speaker B: We gotta see unstablecoins.com.
Speaker D: I should have done another zoom in data quiz.
Speaker C: Can you zoom in? All right, what do we got? Values. D. Bob Davos, one of my faves. Lug. L u g h. I believe that's lug. $6,000 outstanding.
Speaker B: Wait, is that this real cello dollar? No way.
Speaker D: The data is wrong here. It's gotta be.
Speaker B: Yeah. I was like, wow, if it's that.
Speaker C: Yeah, there's no way. There's no way. There's 160,000 outstanding.
Speaker D: Yeah, 42 mil. I don't know why this data is.
Speaker C: Wrong, but $98 neutrino. Ooh, I remember neutrino. Oh, yeah. That's trading at $0.04.
Speaker B: Wait, how? Actually, we should, we should look through our guesses. Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Speaker C: Hold on. I want to know how many of these are off peg. Spice USD, $0.28. Meme dollar, 0.02. When do you delist a stable coin as, like, not a stable coin?
Speaker B: Before you go up. We still have another way of having a bit of gambling, slash guessing, which is each person has to guess what rank the first coin that is over their number is. Right. So, like, say, like the 50th, say the 31st coin was 71 million.
Speaker E: That was too hard. No, no.
Speaker C: What do you mean?
Speaker E: Fine, I guess that 70 million is stable. Coin number nine.
Speaker B: I think 15.
Speaker C: I would guess 500 million is six. Five. Five. I guess five.
Speaker D: I'm gonna go with six.
Speaker C: Dumb. Six for 250.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker E: All right, let's scroll.
Speaker C: Let's check it. Let's check it. Let's check it. I was close. Okay. No, you're 8th. So if PayPal dollar is 8th, then I'm right. They just have to be above pax dollar. That does not seem hard to be, like, at the same as paxdollar or Gemini dollar. That seems very doable. That seems very doable. I think I'm gonna win this also, I think one. I think it's time to call it. I think. I think I kind of got. If you guys want to buy out, I will. I will accept partial payments if you guys.
Speaker B: I don't even think you guys want the prize. Only I want the prize.
Speaker D: It's cash settled.
Speaker C: It's cash settleable.
Speaker E: Whoever wins can sell it to Tarun, who's willing to pay the highest price.
Speaker C: Okay, okay, wait, wait.
Speaker B: One thing we forgot to talk about. I remember the first time the PayPal stablecoin news came out. Maybe 2021. Wasn't it supposed to be on, like, another chain, not Ethereum? Or was it supposed to be on Ethereum always?
Speaker E: Sorry, I thought it was supposed to be on an l two, and they made the switch to Ethereum. Okay, I think maybe not l two. I was reading this story as well. I forget where they were supposed to be.
Speaker B: Yeah, something changed in this announcement. I read this announcement. I was like, something's odd, but I can't figure out exactly. Oh, it was supposed to be on Solana, was it? Okay, I think so, yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker E: I thought I read it was originally supposed to be on Solana, and after the fall of FTX, they pivoted.
Speaker C: Interesting.
Speaker E: But I'm literally remembering the tweet I said.
Speaker D: Yeah, so you thought one is a weird choice if you want a mainstream, stable coin, but is it doesn't seem like a weird choice for people going retail heavy.
Speaker B: Yeah, prior to FTX. Right. So much USDC was on salon. It's not.
Speaker C: Yeah, but, I mean, somebody on Twitter made this point. Like, you. You mined something on Ethereum. L one. It's gonna find its way everywhere. You know, if people actually are using it. They can move it on arbitram. They can move it on.
Speaker B: I think that wasn't as true in 2020, like mid 2022 because everyone got very afraid of bridges. There was a bit of reflexivity to that. So obvious.
Speaker C: Yeah. Okay. Well, I think we've successfully gone full degenerate on the show. We now have a bet. I'm going to do a bit of research on what nineties lifetime supply rules are. And I memorialize exactly what the content of the bet is this week on Twitter.
Speaker E: Well, we should just get Red Bull to agree to give us what they define as a lifetime supply.
Speaker C: Totally, totally. But assuming they don't do that, assuming they don't do that, then we're gonna have to. We're gonna have to settle it ourselves. We have to pony up.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker C: That's right. That's right. So for now, we'll check back in next week. That's it. Thanks, everyone.
