Speaker A: Frames launched. I don't know if I have ever seen a community so excited about a new feature.
Speaker B: Not a dividend.
Speaker C: It's a tale of Tukwan.
Speaker D: Now your losses are on someone else's balance sheet.
Speaker C: Generally speaking, airdrops are kind of pointless anyways.
Speaker D: Unnamed trading firms who are very involved.
Speaker C: Alec Eth is the ultimate pump.
Speaker B: Defi protocols are the antidote to this problem.
Speaker D: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the chopping block. Every couple of weeks, the four of us get together and give the industry insider's perspective on the crypto topics of the day. So quick intros. First, we've got Robert, the crypto connoisseur and tsar of Superstate GM, everybody. Next we've got Tarun, the Giga brain and Grand Poobah at Gauntlet.
Speaker C: Aloha.
Speaker D: And special guest today we have Ted Farcaster, fangirl number one GM. And I am Ceeb, the head hype man at Dragonfly. So we are early stage investors in crypto, but I want to caveat that nothing we say here is investment advice, legal advice, or even life advice. Please see choppingblock XYZ for more disclosures. Ted, welcome to the show. We are very excited to have you on because today is the Farcaster episode. We wanted to get on somebody. Sorry, go ahead, Robert.
Speaker B: No, I was just giving hype to the Farcaster episode.
Speaker D: Okay, nice. So we wanted to bring on. So for the Farcaster episode, because Farcaster is a social media app. For those who don't know, it's kind of a decentralized Twitter club clone, I guess. Clone, let's call it a clone or protocol. It's not itself, the interface, it's a protocol, and many people can build interfaces on top of the Farcaster protocol. We wanted to bring on somebody who was a power user of Farcaster who could talk about it from the inside perspective. My understanding is that you are a big Farcaster super fan booster. Talk to us about your experience of Farcaster, how you came across it and what you you do on there.
Speaker A: Good question. I am a Farcaster power user. I feel like it's part of my personality now. And even like, my Twitter username, like my Twitter display name is actually like Ted on Forecaster. And I've been doing that since before. It was cool, but I actually got on a forecaster. I think it was November 2021. So it's been a while. I was connected to Dan for some job advice. I was like, oh, I'm thinking about going, like, full time into crypto. What do you think?
Speaker D: And got connected Dan Romero, the founder of Farcaster.
Speaker A: Yep. Dan Romero, founder of Forecaster, co founder is Varun. They worked together at Coinbase, and he was like, of course, like, gave great, great advice and, like, kind of changed the trajectory of my life that way. But then also was like, oh, I have this, like, social media, like, decentralized social app. If you want to try it out. It's called Farcaster. I'll send you, like, an invite code. And this was in. Yeah, like, November 2021. I wasn't really on Twitter that much at all. I was more like Instagram. That's where my friends were. So I hopped on the. Hopped on Twitter. And I think, tarun, you were there already. I think you were an early user. You might have churned. Like, churned?
Speaker C: Yeah. I will say, like, one thing is, as much as you can dislike Twitter, every time you try a new thing trying to compete with Twitter, it's just like. It's just hard to get the stickiness. But I have to say, harden Ted was one of the people who convinced me to continue trying to push on far Caster.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: So what did early fart caster feel like? What was, like, the 20?
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: It's like this funny trope right now where everyone's like, we're so early. We're so early. And I was chatting and was like, I remember back when, like, you couldn't delete your casts. Like, it was very, very early. Like, you didn't know who was liking your cast. You didn't know who was deleting or who was like, you couldn't delete your cast. I remember before that, I was like, oh, I got a like on my cast. Like, I didn't know who liked it. I was, like, so excited. Every cast I was doing, I was getting a like, turns out I was just like, just Dan, like, liking my cast, but it was super quiet. Like, I think the first cast I ever did, in retrospect, is kind of cringe. I was like, hey, looking for some new web three resources, like, what direction can you point me in? And I was, like, on a platform full of crypto ogs who were like, what do you mean? You're starting to learn about it. So it was relatively quiet.
Speaker D: And then I thought, so what was the vibe, though? What was like, what? Like, what was the thing driving the community at that time? What were people talking about?
Speaker A: It was very technical. Lots of founders on there. And then I think into 2022, it more and more people started onboarding, and I think people began to find, like, a community and so it was one place where I could ask a question and then get responses back. And so you were having this mix of very technical conversations, like, rooted in EVM and, like, developer conversations, but then you were also having, like, intellectual discussions as well, because the signal to noise ratio was so good and better that you could then you could find anywhere else. So that was just, like, one thing to me was like, okay, great, I could try doing this on Twitter, but I wouldn't be able to have conversations. Or I could try doing it on Barcaster and actually get good feedback and, like, develop connections with people that I wouldn't get to do anywhere else. And so I think that, like, one of the memes or, like, I guess it's a feature and a bug, it depends on who you ask, is that farcaster is, like, so nice, is what people say. And I think it just comes down to, like, early farcaster community when it was, like, less than 1000 users, even less than 10,000, it was, like, how you would treat your neighbor and, like, how you would treat people that you would, like, see in person and, like, interact with, even if you didn't agree with them or disagree with them. So that was the vibe. And then also, like, everyone was very bullish in general. So, like, there were no grifters. There were, like, yeah, zero grifters. If you were, like, bullish on, on crypto, generally in the bear market, like, you stuck around, like, everyone was there where I felt, like on Twitter, it was, like, very superficial. Yeah, exactly. And for me, like, as somebody who was really, like, rolling up my sleeves and trying to understand for, like, the crypto ecosystem having come in in, like, 2020, instead of, like, you know, most of those people were 2014, 2015. I basically had, like, the steepest learning curve that I was able to tackle because I was surrounded by, like, some of the greatest, most authentic, just, like, very, very experienced and knowledgeable people who had been working in crypto for a long time, and they were, like, incredibly welcoming to those of us who didn't have the same background. And so I think also you'll meet a lot of people on Farcaster early days who weren't working in crypto, but all of a sudden have a completely different perspective on crypto because their access point were, like, a high concentration of really incredible builders. So that's, like, what I would say early vibes were. But it was quiet and, like, it wasn't as boring, like, it wasn't as spicy as Twitter whatsoever. I still spent some time there, like, on Instagram. Yeah, there wasn't too much going on.
Speaker C: Yeah, I would give my view was like, I kind of felt like it had this. The difference between crypto and web three is like very much delineated between Twitter and Farcaster. I feel like toward the end of 2021, at the peak of the NFT bull market, there were sort of people who were like, I really like nfTs, but I don't like the Suzu tweeting about buying every artbox thing, type of thing. And all those people moved to Farcaster. In some ways. I call it the TED said feature or bug, but the cult of toxic positivity definitely exists within Farcaster. But interestingly enough, if you just look at the actual users compared to some of the other Twitter spin offs like blue sky and things like that, it had really good retention of its users because it really focused on this one user group of people who like things on chain but aren't just traders. I think the interesting thing about how they've had this huge growth in the last few weeks, which is why we're talking about it, is they added an extensibility layer for programming your posts. And you can have, like, games in your post, you can have meme coins in your post. And that sort of brought some of the crypto Twitter energy over in the sense of, which is why I guess, you're getting spammed right now. And it's, it's crazy. So, so maybe do you want to walk us through what frames are and like, if you were to, like, Eli, five frames?
Speaker A: Yeah, that's a great point. Yeah. So also, I think to your point of, like, it being a community and like, anti spammy, was that Dan, it was also like permissioned at that point. Like, anybody couldn't just sign up. Like, they had to basically dm the founders to get an invite to come on. And then this is a kudos to the team is that like, they are maniacal about getting user feedback. So, like, that kind of sets the stage to where we are today. I think it was like two weeks ago. It feels like a year ago at this point is that they launched forecaster frames, which basically allow any developer, as Turin pointed out, to create an app that sits within the warpcast. I don't think it's on the protocol level, Forecaster, but, like, you can create an app the same way that Facebook had, like Farmville, you know, those like, Buzzfeed quizzes that you could like, do within the Facebook app or that Twitter before kind of, it used to have APIs with the polls, etcetera. So any developer can ultimately build a frame, which is an app. Like, I even built it and I'm not super technical to be able to accomplish whatever they want. For me, I'm like, from a potential and utility of kind of like, why does decentralized social matter or why does blockchain add value to kind of social networks? Is like, the potential is pretty insane if you think about it from an e commerce perspective. So you can basically just port around your social identity from one place to the next. If you're doing event RsVping and the event ticket is an NFT, very, very easy to be able to start layering on top of that. And then from a distribution, I'm forgetting who it was, but paragraph, if you guys are familiar with paragraph, kind of like a medium or a sub stack, kind of like web three version of it, can do, like, subscribe right in a frame now where you don't have to, like, link out to a paragraph newsletter in order to subscribe. It's just like the subscribe button within a cast. Somebody did Girl Scout cookie orders through a frame, which is also wild. You're like, wait, what? Like, I can order Girl Scout cookies using my. Like, it's kind of like what Instagram shopping was, but no one's really been able to reimagine or, like, revolutionize it for in, like, web three socials so far. And then to kind of like, those to me are like the inspiring, like, okay, this is utility. This is where you really start to, like, get at the front of, like, consumer crypto and then also what you can do. And this is kind of like, if you hear me on, like, warpcast right now, I'm kind of, like, being a little bit melodramatic about it, is that it's also because it's completely permissionless. Anybody can create a frame to do whatever they want to do. So what we've seen is this, like, wild proliferation of, like, recast and, like this in order to be able to get, like, a free mint. And so you'll see tons of people, like, creating a free ment that ultimately it's like, it's an airdrop, right? Or you get the play this game and, like, they make a really fun game, which, like, I'm all for fun on chain, but then it's like, oh, you'll get this djen. Like, you'll get a djenan token as a result. And so that is really exciting. And then kind of like, this whole degen token thing goes back to the original, is that when the farcaster community was like 500 of us, there's this one crypto native artist oxen, who at the time was just like doing far caster stuff. He was like, this is like really hard to make it as an artist. But I'm going to take a bet on the Farcaster community and they've treated me well and I'm invested in them. And he's been grinding at this for two years, and now he got involved with the Degen token. All of a sudden, the dgen token is now tied somehow to his NFTs, and that's skyrocketing as well. And so when people see this opportunity to a, you have a degen token that is skyrocketing in price, I think it might have dropped. Then you kind of attract everybody.
Speaker C: I think definitely the ability to insert meme coin into anything within the protocol is the number one reason. I think you see this crazy growth, because there was this huge airdrop. In the same way Jito catalyzes all that stuff. This huge airdrop happened and everyone all of a sudden was like, this is the easiest way to get distribution for a meme coin. Now, the interesting thing to me is, unlike when Facebook had apps or Twitter had apps, you can't really shut down this network. You can't really shut down any of these apps. It is really, truly, the hub operators are validating this and making it the state changes for it. There's no centralized company can say, stop this thing right now. I think it will be interesting as a distribution mechanism to a bunch of users who already know how to use crypto. They have a wallet and they're using this thing. Not just I own this NFT and it gets me into discord. It really is. They are making content and will this network effect be a good distribution mechanism? People keep distributing tokens or nfts this way, or will it turn into a new type of application?
Speaker D: So, Tarun, if I'm understanding correctly, with frames, you're in Farcaster, you have your farcaster key, a frame with a frame. Basically what it does, if I'm understanding correctly, is you sign a, derive a second key with your actual ethereum or forecaster key or whatever. So you can't actually spend money or do economic transactions in a frame. You have to. Basically you can only sign something which is relatively inerthe. So you can't actually end up getting scammed or hacked or whatever using a frame. Is that correct?
Speaker A: Yes, but they did just allow you to now link out. So for instance, Brandon Chow Beachow on it created a generative art mint where you can generate the art. And then when you're ready to mint whatever version you've got in it says ready to mint. And it will pop up a window that warns you, like, hey, you are now leaving. Yeah, you are like now leaving. And we'll bring you to the page. However, on recent developer calls, it sounds like in frame transactions may be on the roadmap. And so there is.
Speaker D: So how is that not like a massive security risk of having people clicking a button and being like, great, now you just, you know, paid some random dude, all your USDC think that's a.
Speaker A: Great question for Varun.
Speaker C: Don't worry, we'll have.
Speaker D: It seems like, it seems like a very bad behavior to encourage in people.
Speaker C: Let's put this way, this week is about the users of farcast. I think we'll have.
Speaker D: Okay, okay. Okay, gotcha. Got it. Okay. This week. All right, we'll get into that. We'll get into that. We'll get into that. Okay. So speaking of the users.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker D: Okay, cool, cool. We'll try to get, we'll try to get some of the forecaster founders on the show. Maybe next week, but so just for a sense of scale then. So Farcaster has grown from about 2000 roughly daily actives. It's ballooned within the last few days to something about 30,000 daily active. So it's really, it's grown 15 x in just a few days now. In absolute terms, for a social network that's still pretty small, it's still like a very kind of fledgling network from social media perspective. But with this massive influx of users, what are these new users like? How has that changed the vibe of the network to 15 x overnight?
Speaker C: Haseeb is asking if there's a vibe session, which I'd say, is there a.
Speaker B: Vibe or just a vibe shift?
Speaker A: I mean, whenever you get, I mean, whenever new people enter space, there's always a vibe shift. So I think there's multiple vibe shifts, vibe shifts that have happened. And like, the first one was when frames launched. I don't know if I have ever seen a community so excited about a new feature ever. So they've been announced, like, releasing new features. And I think any Dev or builder who's listening to this, who is building on far Caster, it isn't necessarily easy. Right. Like balance between centralized kind of client on top of it and whatnot. And so when they released, and distribution is the hardest thing, I think that's what we're all talking about. Here is distribution. And so when all of a sudden you have frames, like the entire developer ecosystem was. I've never seen them so excited. Like within. There was a hackathon that weekend that was like in New York City. 40 people showed up. Variant helped fund like, it was incredible. And so that was like the first vibe ship was basically allowing, I would almost call it like a gift that the team gave to all the developers being like, hey, we know it's really hard to build your own client outside of forecaster. So here I test and build and experiment within it or warpcast. So like, that was a vibe shift number one. And that's what really took off. Then I think really smart business move was when this started taking off, obviously some of the more spammy, or let's say very crypto Twitter esque tactics started emerging on frames. There was a good business decision in that the team was like, okay, we have a lot of interest right now, people. Everyone's talking about frames. It's kind of trending on Twitter. Why don't we remove the payment mall to create an account? And we're just going to allow free signups, right? And so, like, usually it's $7, something like that, to sign up. And, and I think that great business model, but kind of realizing, okay, a big blocker is to like, is a.
Speaker D: Pay, it's $7 to whom sign up. That was a decentralized network.
Speaker A: I pay, I pay like, I think I paid well. I think I didn't have to pay because I was an early user. Like I got grandfathered in the first year. But you pay for, you pay a protocol fee, I'm pretty sure because, like, they set up your custody address that holds your forecaster id. And then there's also storage. Like, I pay for storage because I care about all my ass. And then there's also some like a small gas fee that's covered as well. Um, I don't know all the economics.
Speaker D: Are you like prepaying your storage rent or something? Like what? Who gets the $7 and how do you pay it? Do you pay it in dollars? Do you pay it in eth I USD series?
Speaker C: I think you can do both.
Speaker B: Rune, do you pay?
Speaker C: Yeah, I think I paid when I created. So basically the, the main philosophy of Farcaster, which I think as a design philosophy for software, is quite different than some of the other social networks that have been attempted, is that only the id component of the identity and the profile is stored on chain. So almost like using your ens, like there's a sort of portable id. Then there's sort of an overlay network of these people who are running hubs. And you can almost think of your on chain signing acts as an oauth to the overlay network. And once you get to the overlay network, which could be much more centralized or a small number of nodes or whatever, then those people are offering storage, making sure the state is synced and things like that. So it's almost like two networks, one that has maximum decentralization as expensive and you have to pay for the id part and then one that's much less.
Speaker D: And you, that's more federated mastodon style. The actual content.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, exactly. But it is one network. But you could make your own hub and fork if you want. So you could do the mastodon thing if you want it.
Speaker D: Yeah, I see. Okay, so you pay, you pay to get the id?
Speaker C: Yeah, less.
Speaker D: Okay, I see.
Speaker A: And then I pay extra for storage.
Speaker B: And it's storage of the content that you're creating but not anyone else's content, correct?
Speaker D: Yeah. Right. Okay, interesting. Okay. So among the members of the show, so obviously Tarun, I think also Tom, has been an early farcaster user. Robert and I are not. So we are the two boomers on the show who are not on Farcaster. Robert. Why? I mean, especially given now Farcaster is kind of blowing up. I'll ask you first, why are you not on Farcaster?
Speaker B: Well, before the show started, I asked.
Speaker C: To, by the way, that's a cheap cop out. You're just asking him first so you can copy his answers.
Speaker D: That is, that is correct. That is correct. Yeah, well, I made the first move, the first mover advantage. Yeah.
Speaker B: I'll be honest, I'm not a ultra early adopter. I'm like second wave.
Speaker D: That is not true. What are you talking about? You are totally an early adopter. Every time some random NFT or game launches, Robert's always like, hey, are you guys doing this like random fucking DJ thing that I just learned about?
Speaker A: Well, also, Robert, how often are you like, cast or. I call it casting. Wow. I'm like, so far cast or native? I don't even call it like tweeting anymore. Like, how often are you posting on Twitter?
Speaker B: Once every couple days.
Speaker A: Yeah, like, like, I get, like, if you guys, if I had to make an answer for why you're not on Farcaster, it's probably because literally, up until right now, it was like less than 100,000 people who are on the platform when Robert, I'm pretty sure you have more than 100,000 followers on Twitter.
Speaker B: A lot. I do. Which is, like, you know, a gravity to keeping me on that platform versus starting at zero again.
Speaker A: Exactly. And I think Tarun even came out and was like, the only reason I'm here is because, like, Ted has told me to come here. So it's hard, right?
Speaker C: I was. I was honest about it, but. But then I started doing this thing where I started using my sarcaster to write things that I didn't mind totally being public, but I didn't want telling the entire world immediately. And then I got in trouble for some of those. And some Twitter armies came after me. So I was. I was like, I like, the armies.
Speaker D: Came after you for your forecaster posts.
Speaker C: Yes, yes, yes. My far caster posts that, yeah, the. The content is. Shall not be named. You can go find it on the Internet.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: But, like, I. To like you, probably. Yeah. If Robert's like, hey, I have distribution. Like, I get access to what I want to access on my following already on Twitter. I understand why he might not want to pop over to Warpcast or Farcaster or any client there. Right? Like, why put in the effort? Um, so that's. That's, like, one reason. And then also, it's hard. Like, the switching costs is hard. And I don't think, even for me, like, warpcast isn't my only social media. I think Tarun said this at the beginning, like, when you're using social media and when we're so used to it nowadays, like, it's kind of you. It's hard to form a new habit unless there's something about it that keeps pulling you back. And for me, that is a sense of community and, like, the opportunity to be intellectually curious. And I think it's funny. Turns, like, oh, the Twitter army came for me. I'm like, I have a channel on Warpcast that is exclusively for controversial topics and conversations where, like, no one is ever gonna come for me, no matter how politically incorrect an opinion is. And, like, that's okay. And so, for me, that's, like, what my. So what is? And, like, that's what my purpose is, in addition to kind of, like, my larger beliefs about, like, decentralized social, et cetera. But again, like, there's an activation energy, and then there's the distribution problem, which, again, we were going back to vibe shift, like, by allowing anybody to sign up for free as long as they have, I think, a phone number. And the phone number was really key to, like, reduce more spam than what might be there. You're allowed. Like the farcaster team basically just scaled protocol by an insane amount, kind of pressure testing it. And then also because it's still relatively small and I think this is the issue with like threads or blue sky mastodon, whatever, is that it's still like only 100,000 users. Like they are still very, very close to the users themselves and already know our pain points. So from a spam perspective, within one day, like channel spam was pretty much addressed really quickly. Within two days, like your main feed spam completely addressed. And now like today, they've completely solved some of the notification spam as well. So back to the point of like they're kind of showing like, yes, this can be permissionless. And here are different ways in which we can, let's say incentivize new behaviors that are way past the point of designing a solution for on other social media networks. And personally that I think like lens or mastodon or threads, threads less so because it's like tied to your Instagram identity, have kind of like dropped the ball on.
Speaker B: Can I interject one very elementary question?
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: What is the difference between Warpcaster and Farcaster?
Speaker A: Forecaster is the client and warpcast is the other way around. Yeah, I was like, so ten steps ahead of what I was saying. Farcaster is the protocol and then Warpcast is the client on top of it. Same way that email is a protocol and like Gmail or Yahoo Mail are the clients on top of it. That is the easiest way to describe it, I believe.
Speaker D: So Warpcast is by far the dominant client and that's the one that the team itself, the original sounding team maintains. Right. So I remember. So Bitcloud is kind of one of the, bitcoin is sort of more of a predecessor of friendtech, let's say it's kind of more financialized than Firecaster, which explicitly is kind of more pure social.
Speaker C: And less doesn't really have a financial frames allow financialization.
Speaker D: Yes. In a kind of roundabout, I can.
Speaker C: Just, I can merkle drop everywhere.
Speaker D: Nowhere near as intrinsic. Yes, you can.
Speaker C: I can vertical drop through.
Speaker D: You can do that?
Speaker C: No, no, I have, I get, I get, you know, I get you to sign something with your public key and I can, now I can, now I know you're active.
Speaker D: Right. Well, with this delegated key. Right. Like not your actual ethereum key, but.
Speaker C: I can find the mapping. Like that's that.
Speaker D: Oh, okay.
Speaker C: Yeah. The real reason there's all the crypto Degen traders joined Warpcast is because they want these things started happening.
Speaker D: Yeah. They want these airdrops. Right? All right. Okay. So it feels like there's two things happening here that I guess I'm curious about, and we want to poke at, and maybe we'll come back to this when we bring on one of the co founders. So the first thing is that it seems like a lot of what this big, massive growth on Farcaster has been airdrop farmers, is that a lot of people realize that now, especially the early addresses, like the first generation of farcaster users, prime airdrop material, they're getting lots and lots of airdrops for just meme coins and random crazy, whatever shit. And so it feels a little bit like Celestia in that people realize that this set of token holders or this set of users is just going to be getting this whole cycle of airdrops. Get on there so you can get all your airdrops, and the earlier the better, and just have some engagement so that you're airdrop ready. So this seems like one thing that's happening. I don't know how much of the behavior of the new influx of users is this, as opposed to people who actually want to hang out and join a community, but it seems like there's a lot of financially motivated people who are, yo, I'm here for the airdrop. So that seems like one thing that's happening, and not literally the Farcaster airdrop, but as Tarun mentioned, all the other meme coins and other random.
Speaker C: Users. The idea that frames make it easy. You know, one thing people promised in 2021, which I was at that time thought was a little preposterous, but, like, people were really like, oh, look, we have these high value NFT collections. We have these, we basically have free customer lists of, like, who we should sell to, right? Like the Cole Christie's Yugalabs diamond thing, right? Like, was it. Sorry, was it the punk? I know Lesher knows more about this type of stuff than I do, but whatever, the whole, like, Tiffany has gave me that little, like, logo, the little pendant, whatever, and you had to have it to buy it. Like, everyone always talked about, like, the customer being, like, easier to find with NFTs, right? Like, they own this thing, they're part of this community. Like, oh, you should be able to market to them, whatever. Yeah, that always seemed a little bit crazy because a lot of those people were purely speculating. But I think the interesting thing about forecasters, it started explicitly non financial. Opposite of frontech, opposite of bit cloud.
Speaker D: Yep.
Speaker C: And then added this thing where you can write your own code that does enough on chain, just barely enough on chain activity in terms of a signature that you make it easy to do these kind of like airdrops for social things. And that seems more likely like a target. You could almost use that for marketing if it takes off.
Speaker A: Have you, what's his name, Antonio's spindle. Did a whole blog post on the, how you can be thinking about frames in terms of marketing. I mean, like some of the most, they also have a frames dashboard that you can go through and see. Like, how many people have liked this? How many people have recasted this? You can go through. And you're right, like, people are using this as a marketing mechanism in a way. But then to your point, like, it has introduced this financialization. If you look at some of the frames and like, this was my plate, I'm like, I really care about like, these utility frames and like, more so, like, okay, how can we bring this into, I guess it's like the more of the web three vision. Most of them are like dgen machines. Like, literally, it's like a slot machine frame where you like pull the, pull the slot and you end up, I.
Speaker C: Mean, it is people. But I think crypto is really ouroboros, right? It's like every, every cycle there's like another dice, Satoshi dice that comes out in some form. There's like an ether roll that comes on. Like all these gambling games, if you give enough programmability, they immediately show up, which is like, that's a, that's, that's crazy, right?
Speaker A: And I think the important distinction, too. And why again, like, let's say all of the users who just came on, like, are only there for the airdrop. Like, we've all seen this happen. Airdrop farmers come and then they go, right? Like, they don't stick around unless they think there's something we're sticking around for. And some of them may all that to say also with like the growth, I think really like Twitter, celebrities, I don't know what else to call them, have also joined, like, oh, wow, this is actually really interesting. And they're staying now or returning, whereas they wouldn't. Before. I remember, I used to be like, oh, there's a churned user. And the Farcaster team would tell me, and they were like, no, no, no. There's no such thing as churned users. It's just a potential user. It's a potential recapture, which I think was smart to say. But going back to the design of it is like, again, I think the difference between friend and bitcloud is like, who was the team behind creating that financialization? And it was the team who was developing everything. And I think what the Farcaster team has done really intentionally and really well was that they always designed from a place of kind of like permissionless. And also avoiding the fact that.
Speaker D: They.
Speaker A: Don'T talk about a token ever. You will see them say repeatedly, we have no plans to launch a token. So they kind of remove a lot of the financialization in which you can then start to get at like, okay, why are people actually coming to use this if we're removing a lot of the financial incentives there, even their own internal peer to peer payment, is the concept of like, it's this thing called a warp where like, the way it started is they started like dishing out warps as a reward if you were posting good content, if you invited users that converted, if you let a channel. So they were using warps as like a reward mechanism. And you're like, oh, that sounds a little bit like points. And the difference is, is that warps, like, are actually not at all like points because they, you can't move them out of the app. So basically you can either buy, sounds like points to me, but you buy warps. Like 100 warps is $1. You can decide to buy it or you get gifted it. And the way that warps are used is like really only two ways is a, you can gift them to another user. Um, so like, if people, let's say, comment really thoughtful things on like some of my content, I will gift them warps as like a thank you. It's like a nice gift and you can send a note with it. And then the other way you use them is that warps can be used to mint nfTs. So like purely utility. So like, oh, use 500 warps to mint this NFT or use 800 warps to sign up for this other forecaster app instead of, instead of having to pay the sign up fee. And so there's no speculation with it. There's no like price discovery. It's always 100 warps is $1. And that is what it is. And so I think the team taking a very intentional approach about that and being like, we're not going to design a kind of like decentralized social network around financialization. And speculation has a, led them to like take a step back. And even right now, like, they're not focused on frames or like building different frames. Like, the developers are doing all of that on their own. Like the builder ecosystem, they're focused on like how do we address the spam issue? How do we continue to grow? How do we fix notifications for people, et cetera. And I think that's why a lot of people have stuck around and, like, continued to be here despite the influx of spam, because there's this, like, huge sense of trust for the team to continue building in a way that's, like, purely value additive for the user in a way that's not financially motivated. That was a long, long.
Speaker D: No, that's. I think that's a very good, it's a very good insight about what makes Farcaster so different from a lot of the other experiments in decentralized social.
Speaker C: Well, I also think, like, you know, oftentimes on this podcast, we talk about things from the lens of, like, the people building them or the financial lens or whatever have you. But I do feel like there are very few products in crypto where I could actually be like, hey, I want to hear from, like, a super user that, like, really loves the thing and, like, could give you a. And, like, I feel like this is, like, one of the only products where you can say that it's like this. Maybe sometimes people would say, like, some of the defi stuff for people who, like, live off of that, they will be like, but they don't have the attachment in the same way. Right. It's like, it's like a totally different experience. And, like, like, what other consumer crypto thing has, like, super fans?
Speaker A: I mean, like, the super fandom is, is crazy. Well, first off, it started small. Like, we would host farcaster meetups and, like, Internet strangers. Like, I don't know. Like, I I was on the Internet a lot growing up, but I never, like, met people from the Internet. And now I would say, I consider.
Speaker C: That is what your parents tell you not to do, right?
Speaker A: Exactly.
Speaker C: They used to tell you not to.
Speaker A: Everyone tells you not to do it. And now I would consider some of, like, my best friends today, people who I met from forecaster who've just, like, I've continued to see or continue to, like, you know, build friendship with, which is super nuts. But, like, the thing that is the most nuts is last year there was, like, a far conference, or far con is what we call it, completely decentralized. The farcaster team had no involvement in planning it, doing anything. It was, like, fully grassroots, and 100 people showed up. And then this year, someone was like, oh, I want to do it in LA, Ted. Help me out. And so I just kind of, like, raised my hand and said I would do it. There are 600 applications that already came in of people who are willing to fly all the way to LA, pay a dollar 200 ticket price, and hang out for, like, five days with other forecasters exclusively. And, like, we understand, like, when we think about ETh Denver today, yeah, it's huge. But, like, what was it back in, like, 2018? I don't know. But the fact that, like, this small ecosystem has people, like, my entire, the reason I was on Farcaster in the cast in the first place when Tarun messaged me was because I was, like, responding to all these requests of people being like, can I come? Can I get on the list, like, months in advance? It's not until May. And, like, people are, like, losing it. And so there is, I don't want to call, like, a cult following, but I think it's managed to bring together builders, consumers, and just like, a really interesting dynamic mix of people. Also, with the introduction, I think I see you called it at the beginning. You were like, oh, it's like Twitter. I think a year ago was exclusively a Twitter comparison. And now I would say it's a mix of Twitter and Reddit because they have channels. So, like, think of channels as subreddits. And so the, like, the best way I can describe this in terms of, like, who's on this platform and how is it interesting and dynamic and different is that there's a food channel. Like, everyone loves cooking, whatever. Not everyone, but, like, people like food. And then all of a sudden, this guy Giuseppe starts posting photos of different things he's doing. He's going to the farmer's market, et cetera. And we ask him, we're like, oh, like, you seem to cook a lot. What do you do? Ends up, he was a chef at a Michelin star restaurant in Napa and is a professional chef and has worked everywhere. And now he kind of, like, you get access to someone who you never have access like that before. And so the food community is, like, really strong in on warpcast right now, like, due to this channel where you're able to go and then find people who you instantly have a connection or shared interest with and communicate about that specific shared interest. So, like, the discoverability helps with channels. And I think the way you can do it is, like, find your community in a way in which, like, you go to channels and there's an, there's an LA channel. So, like, think about all those people who never would have hung out otherwise are now, like, okay, let's talk about La things. And, like, there's a book club that we do potluck now. And so it did start as a Twitter.
Speaker C: It is a real community, unlike a lot of crypto communities with.
Speaker D: That's the thing that really jumps out at me about Farcaster, and I think it's true of lens as well, is that these two communities, they really have a soul at the center, and that's actually quite rare in crypto. Right. A lot of the things like decentralized social is very, very old. I think the first thing that I can remember, what was the thing that Justin sun acquired, the torrent? What was it called? No, no, it was one of the many things he acquired. No, the one that tried to kick him out. Like they try to steam or steam it, it. Steam it, steam it, steam it. So steam it is super og decentralized social. It was one of the ones where if you get upvoted a lot, you get paid in steam tokens and you can make money by being very social. And then, of course, there's bit cloud and bit cloud, which has become DSO and there's a bunch of friend tech. Obviously, there've been many different plays at trying to create these, these decentralized social that integrate money in some way. I think the difficulty that most of these platforms run into is that they tend not to have a soul. That's the best way I can describe it, is like, it's hard to kind of put into. Well, you can talk about the incentives and the race to the bottom and the blah, blah, blah. But I think the easiest way to encapsulate that is that there is not this beating heart at the center of just people who are in it for the love of the game.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: Who are just like, I just want to build an awesome community.
Speaker C: I think there's definitely some truth to that for both lens and Farcaster. I think they've just attracted two very different types of initial users.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Like, Farcaster's initial users are like, they remind me. It reminds me so, like 15 years ago, I remember I was like a very early user of Quora and I did the same thing you're talking about where after a year I started going to meetups and meeting people and whatever, and it was like, oh, there was like this level of, like, curiosity in the early stage of platform. People weren't afraid of, like, asking questions and looking dumb.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: In public. And I think far castrate that. Whereas I feel like lens is going more for, like, the vibes, like, type of play. Like, it's like a totally different type of person, but they both, they both are, yeah. Like you said, both seem to care a lot about their community.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's interesting. I never, I'd love to hear your perspective on lens because I think lens, again, I have a big distribution. I don't know what my follower count is that, but I have a good distribution platform on forecaster. But everyone says, like, lens is a great platform for distribution, for content. So there's, like, tons of interesting apps built on top of it, etcetera. Like, they really built it on, like, oh, this is where creators can monetize in a way. And so I went to that platform and, like, didn't. It just, like, wasn't for me. Like, I couldn't get it. It was, like, kind of clunky. And I was like, why do I have to, like, make a transaction every time I want to post something? Whereas for me, I value as a user, and, like, again, I approach all crypto consumer applications just as consumer applications. Like, that's always what I approach it as. And I'm like, is this a good consumer app? How does this compare? I don't, I kind of, like, try to remove the crypto from it. And I care about, like, dialogue and connection and, like, that's what Farcaster's value proposition to me was. Whereas, like, lens was, like, we can help our creators monetize. And I was like, well, I don't consider myself a creator, so, like, that actually doesn't appeal to me. Um, and I think if you think about social media generally, like, if you look across platforms, only 1% of users are actually creating content, 9% of users are engaging with that content, and then 90% of users, like, the remaining 90% are just lurking. Right? Like, think about how many Reddit lurkers you know? And so I don't know how, like, I don't know how much, how much, like, a value proposition of, like, oh, we allow creators to monetize. Like, that speaks to a very small slice of everybody who's using social media where if you're like, hey, do you care about, like, building community or, like, meeting like minded people or, like, kind of, like, participating in a new social media? Whatever the value proposition is to you, like, that to me about Farcaster, like, that's actually, like, the soul I think you're getting at. Whereas with lens, like, again, I'm, I don't know what. I don't know because I'm not on it.
Speaker D: Okay, let's, yeah, let's not talk shit about lens without anyone using the product.
Speaker A: I can't comment on it.
Speaker D: I know, it's fine. I mean, your team farther, I will say they embrace that.
Speaker C: Yeah, lent also just. They have an equally passionate community. They actually see. The interesting thing is like, far caster seems way more us centric and lens.
Speaker D: Is like, yeah, that's the way. Yeah. Forecaster is like very Silicon Valley. You know, that's, that's like my. California. No, California. Let's say California.
Speaker A: Like Lens has the coolest branding. At East Denver last year, like Lenz's swag, I was like, I want that. Forecasters never going to do that unless me and some of the designers.
Speaker C: I just meant the users. The users. The users are kind of. The users are like.
Speaker D: If I. Yeah, it's also like disproportionately like smart developer, engineer, you know, that kind of like the early user base. Whereas I feel like for lens, it was more. More kind of. Yeah. More global, more just like anyone who's excited about crypto decentralization, decentralized social. That's my impression. But again, I have a very low resolution picture.
Speaker C: I have a question for you. So if we maybe make this posit, this kind of statement that unlike social networks and web two, maybe web three social networks are inherently more regionalized, potentially. How come we haven't seen like a east asian web three social network?
Speaker A: Good far Caster right now is east asian social. Like, if you look at.
Speaker C: I know there's a lot of, I'm.
Speaker D: Sure the new generation of airdrop farmers. Yeah.
Speaker A: That'S where they're coming from. And yeah, I think it's interesting because like, I don't know, you have to go into the channels and like, these are being. It's a social media platform. Unless it's like an Instagram, where it's like purely aesthetic and visual. The first language that you're building in is English, right? Like most of the developers or most of the builders are building in English. And it's a text based platform upfront. So I think it is going to be a little bit regionalized. I do think with like channels that are country specific, you can kind of start to build more of a community on a platform that way. But again, I don't have an answer. But I do know that if you look at the hub distribution, and again, hubs are the data validators. They're very global. It's not just only the US where the hubs are operating.
Speaker D: Sure. Yeah. If you look at web two social networks, normal social networks, it's very clear that social networks have regionalized to a large extent. Although there are, you know, obviously Facebook is massive, and some of these Instagram whatever, they're obviously very international. But then you have things like Vikantakta in Russia. You have WeChat and a bunch of other platforms in China. So it is not the case that it's totally uniform. But you do have these super platforms. And obviously, anybody in anglophone market is going to be using the anglophone products, which is largely Facebook and Instagram. So on crypto, I don't think we've seen the same level of regionalization in crypto, in large part because crypto is largely anglophone outside of China. Like, if you want to use crypto products and you. Because a lot of crypto is about making money, and if you want to make money, you got to be early. And if you want to be early, you got to speak English like that, unfortunately. Or you got to be. Wait a minute.
Speaker C: What? I don't know. I understand what that LA agree with that last.
Speaker D: No, it's just the case that a lot of this content does not get translated into.
Speaker C: Trader defi farmer. And I will.
Speaker D: Yes, he speaks English. I mean, what are you talking about? Yeah, he speaks English.
Speaker C: My point is, team, who does it does not really.
Speaker D: I mean, that's fine. Right. But, like. But the point is that, you know, if you're trading crypto in China, you are. I mean, you're at least translating stuff that's in English. You're on Twitter, because that's where a lot of the news happens. That's where a lot of the most important information is getting disseminated. For the record, English.
Speaker B: For the record, Google Chrome will translate pretty much any webpage.
Speaker D: Yeah. To be clear, it's not that hard. It's not that hard to translate stuff. But the reality is, like, if you. If you're going into a lot of these markets where English is not the primary language, crypto, like, most of the crypto content is in English. And so it just is this strong force.
Speaker C: So this. This gets back to my question of, like, well, will there be an ch. Let's say Chinese? Just standard.
Speaker A: She's a different country.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker D: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker C: Will there be. What other country is, like, the. The easiest way?
Speaker A: Indonesia. Easy. Singapore.
Speaker C: Indonesia. Yeah, sure, sure. Indonesia. Because, like, you. You want English speaking.
Speaker D: Yeah. Are you asking, will there be a separate hub for Indonesia, or will there be a totally separate network for Indonesia?
Speaker C: Well, no, no. I mean, it might be a separate network that is part of the Farcaster network. Right. Like, someone forks a hub and they regionalize a hub and you know, some of the content gets crossed.
Speaker D: Yeah, I guess I don't totally understand like what the difference is between a hub and, okay, a hub is just like breaks down.
Speaker A: A hub is like what, what keeps the protocol running? So I don't know enough about.
Speaker D: So that's just like a server, that's just like a data center, someone hosting.
Speaker A: Like, it's all the like underlying infrastructure.
Speaker D: So it's just going to lower latency for somebody who's in Indonesia?
Speaker A: No, no, no. I think it's like, for instance, Warpcast, this is like what we're talking about, decentralized social. You know, like when Instagram goes down, everyone's like on Twitter being like, is Instagram down? Is Instagram down? And like, you don't have anything to do. The thing with forecasters, like yesterday, with like recently, with all this influx of users, Warpcast has had a hard time, like going like validating their data and retrieving their data from the hubs. Meaning like Warpcast has gone down, meaning, and like if that happened to a web two social app, you can't do anything. You just like wait for the centralized team to put it back up. What the beauty of Farcaster is, because it's a decentralized network, there's another client that's not Warpcast called Supercast, where if you went and logged on to supercast with your Farcaster account, so you have the same again, you create your forecaster id, you log in there, even though warp cast is down, you can still log in and see all the same content in real time, because supercast is like pulling the same data from those hubs. And so that's the beauty, that's the true decentralization in effect of Farcaster is that even though the major client is down, you're still able to go and access all of the data that's in the network. And so, but I guess, like the.
Speaker D: Question, but what would be the point of having a hub in a different geography? Because the hub is just a place where they're storing data, but they're not localizing, they're not doing anything that's going to be transparent to the user. The user just like, wow, my data is somewhere in Farcaster. I don't really know where it is.
Speaker A: I don't think there's necessarily a point. That's a great question, and I don't know if there's a point. You're like, oh, what's the value proposition? I don't think it's necessary, but I do think if you look at a map. I just think it's a. Speaks to the decentralization and like the globalization of it, when you see that hubs are everywhere and not just confined to one country. So, like, again, it's not a necessity. But to answer your question, I have.
Speaker C: An idea for why you would want separate hubs, which is impose each of the farcaster, say, zones. I'll call them a zone. Let's just suppose that they have some way of communicating with each other. Like Mastodon, they each generated fees of some form. So, like frames, maybe generated fees that remitted. And you may want to actually allocate different amounts of capital that, say, backing these hubs to different regions, like the indonesian fork is generating a certain amount of fees. And maybe people are staking eventually to run hubs.
Speaker A: Yeah, there is a.
Speaker C: You could imagine that something like that happens.
Speaker A: Yeah, there is a company called Neynar. It's kind of like Neymar, but they basically have created a way to make running hubs a business. And so what they do is that a developer can pay them like $9 a month, and basically they get access to all the hubs, because each hub gets like an API. So it makes it easy to be able to call and return all the data from the network. And so they've been able to scale it. And I think Turin, to your point, is like, oh, why is it important if other countries have it? Like, you can imagine if Neynar is running 90% of the hubs, that makes you question like, okay, what if, like, Naynar decides to be a bad actor? They won't. I trust them. But I think that's a good point. And of course, they're making fees somehow from the developers paying them. But I think to go back is like, because again, I just like described, there's like, anyone can build a client on top of it. Nothing is stopping Indonesia like a, let's say a fun, smart social entrepreneur in Indonesia from building a social media app on top of forecaster. So someone can do that and like the higher, like all indonesian users. And then.
Speaker D: Yeah, so let me ask you guys this. So taking a step back from Farcaster and all the details, because I want to get back to this thing about kind of social media habits, because I think that's part of the story about farcaster and decentralized social is like changing people's relationship with social media, socially and culturally. That's the big vision, right? That's what a lot of people get excited about with decentralized social. Let me ask you this real quick. How many of you guys used threads? The. I used it.
Speaker B: I. I used it the day it came out. And I don't think since.
Speaker A: People, I.
Speaker C: Go on it once a week still. I don't. I don't know. I don't. I don't produce content because it's a lot of my friends who are, like, I went to high school with or college with, who are, like, boring as shit and, like, have families in the suburbs and, like, they are.
Speaker D: Why do you keep going on?
Speaker C: Because they actually write more content then their Instagram is, like, too curated. And it's actually an interesting way to see, like, people from high school for me, because, like, they, to them, it's their first ever text based social network that they've started using. Yeah, but it's a niche. It's a nice niche reason.
Speaker A: I think if threads was in the Instagram app, I would use it way more, but I don't use it and I don't really post any content there. But, like, I think, again, this speaks to, like, I'm like, like, the reason to run you're on it is because, like, the people that you grew up with and know are there, right? It, like, goes back to like, oh, these are my people. Like, this is my community. Like, I'm interested in what they're doing and they're not posting on Instagram, but I care about what they're posting. So I just think that that's interesting. And I also agree that Instagram has everyone thinking about, like, curated feeds and, like, what should I appear to look like? Versus, like, exactly.
Speaker C: I think threads. Newsfeed also is, like, clearly gated in. The algorithm is clearly about only showing you content that you're going to agree with, whereas Twitter is only showing you content you disagree with. Its engagement model is like that. And the problem is you have this, what I call the cult of toxic positivity effect of, oh, you only see these things where everyone is, like, wag me ing themselves.
Speaker D: Yeah, right.
Speaker C: But. But the other thing is, like, Facebook as a company, I guess, culturally doesn't understand how to make an algorithm that isn't, like, it's in tune to, like, only show you this little walled garden that you want to see yourself in, you know? And I think. I think text based stuff doesn't work that way. You kind of, you kind of can't do that the way, you know.
Speaker D: Boring. Yeah, it's really boring.
Speaker C: Just read content on threadless. Such dog shit. Because of this. Because, like, you only see, like, you write one word. And you get, you'll only see that content. It doesn't give you any opposing content. And it's, in some sense, their curation is their problem to me.
Speaker D: Yeah. People often see criticism of social media is about echo chambers, but in a way, like, an echo chamber maybe is healthier than just reading. So there's an echo chamber in the sense that you're reading only content that you agree with or only content from your side. That's actually pretty boring because, like, oh, yeah, I agree with that. I agree with that.
Speaker A: I agree with that.
Speaker D: Right. But actually you'd need some kind of, you know, something to push back against in order to actually feel like, oh, shit, okay, this thing surprised me. This thing is actually. This thing pisses me off. This thing, you know, you feel. You feel some kind of engagement. So I never used threads at all, and I was horrified that I might actually have to try it if enough people were, like, leaving Twitter. So I was kind of like, threads.
Speaker C: Is also, like, all these brands that pay influencers have threads where they talk about their influence. That, like, that thing is. And Facebook's clearly, like, learning, like, their newsfeed is horrible. All it does is fucking show you repurposed ads from brands.
Speaker D: Okay, so the point of this was not for us to dunk on threads. I was wanting to bring it back to, like, talking about social more broadly. So I. No, no, it's fine, it's fine. Very strong feelings. Very strong feelings about threads. I did not realize that I was tapping into here, but I guess the thing that I wanted to try to explore is, like, your relationship with new social networks. That was kind of the thing that I was trying to get at. So I. So Linda, friend of the show, has been trying to get me on threads forever.
Speaker C: No, no, on threads.
Speaker D: I'm moving slow. I'm moving slow. Sorry. Let me. Let me take a second. Let me take a second. You guys are riling me up. She was trying to get me on forecaster for a long time, and obviously Linda, she's dedicated herself. She's trying to build a startup on top of forecaster, so she's very engaged in the community. She's been trying to get me on forecast for quite a while. I guess I'm somewhat like Robert, although Robert thinks he's more like Robert than he actually is. I think Robert's actually a super early adopter of stuff. I'm very much a late adopter in that. And it's part of the reason why, like, I'm a terrible vc when it comes to social or consumer.
Speaker C: This is why you're in crypto, because you're such a late adopter. You can't be bottom decile if you're in crypto.
Speaker D: I'm, I'm definitely bottom quartile on consumer. Right? I'm definitely bottom quartile consumer.
Speaker C: Okay, for consumer. Maybe I buy that.
Speaker D: Yeah, for consumer. I'm just, I'm not, I don't like using new products. Right. It's just not my thing. And the thing is, like, when I was younger, it was very different. I think when I was in my early twenties or even like, when I was a teenager, I was trying, you know, I loved being part of communities and, like, being super active and engaged and, like, meeting new people and friends and content and blah, blah, blah, like that. Like, what you guys are describing is exactly what I would be spending all my time on if I was, like, 19 years old, stuck in Texas on the Internet, like, way too much. That was like, my upbringing was joining these small communities and being, like, contributing and trying to be a part of a new vibe. Now I'm like, fucking old and boring and I'm just like, ugh. Like, I see Twitter as like, this biggest gladiatorial, just like fucking Warzone. And anytime I post anything on there, I was like, great, I'm ready to fight. Let's go. And the idea of this kumbaya, wonderful place where everyone's nice, I'm like, oh, what's the point of that? So I think if Farcaster really gets to a scale where I'm like, okay, in order for me to continue to be a part of the conversation, I need to be on Farcaster. That would be the thing that would get me to go there. But, yeah, I think I'll.
Speaker A: More controversial, more confrontation, more differing.
Speaker D: Yeah, it's like, if I felt like the most important conversation is happening there and I'm missing it on Twitter, Twitter is just like the unwashed masses of, you know, just DJ's and, I don't know, nft flippers, if that's what it was.
Speaker C: I mean, Twitter, Twitter really started from journalists. Yeah. And I feel like that's still its main.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker A: Like, personally, I agree with you. Like, right now, I would say farcaster is operating much more like a social network than social media. And I think a lot of the confrontation that you're like, oh, this is, like, really interesting. And I want the spice and, like, I want to go to war and I want to, like, fight for my ideas. That happens a lot. Like, once we get to social media scale and going back to, like, what do I feel about, like, web two? Social is that there's no platform that does both. So, like, Snapchat, like, everyone, like, Gen Z is using Snapchat like no other because it's a messaging platform for them. Like, they've used it exclusively for messaging. That is a social network that is not social media. Whereas, like, Instagram, that, all of that advertising, all of that kind of, like, b's, that's purely social media. Now, I think some of the messaging and stories is more social network. So I hear you. And I think where warpcast is right now is still in the social network phase. And it will not hit social media phase until it does have, like, a million active users. Right? Like, otherwise, like, it doesn't make sense for any, like, news platform, etcetera, to go there. That being said, I'm like, I think it's worthwhile right now to, like, start building your audience there and at least, like, having an account and doing that because, of course, like, I'm on the show, because I'm a super user and a super fan is, like, I fundamentally believe that, like, the team can scale it to be a million active users, 100 million active users, and it will get there. But I agree, like, until it's at that level, like, it's not a social media platform where you're going to be finding the latest and greatest news. When OpenAI happened, everyone was just taking screenshots from Twitter and posting screenshots on Forecaster. Granted, I liked my conversations more on Forecaster, but, yeah.
Speaker C: So I think a funny thing is, you know, given the success of the Trump NFTs, I can imagine that there'll be a Fox News airdrop on Farcaster of what?
Speaker D: What?
Speaker C: Just because, like, I think, I think this, this idea that frames our platform can't kick you out. You can airdrop anyone and, like, you know, if you're shameless enough, you'll do it. I could see that combo happening.
Speaker D: Sorry. And you're saying that Fox News is going to airdrop tokens to farcaster users?
Speaker C: That that's, that's a sign of success. If our caster makes it, that's going to happen. That's my.
Speaker D: Is it? Which, all right, I don't know how you got from where you started in that sentence to where you ended, but I'll take that as a. I guess.
Speaker C: What I'm saying is, like, media, if I think about the Facebook versinga fight, so that's sort of the first platform deplatforming of like a similar thing. Right? Like Facebook had this application layer, the biggest application on there started making a bunch of money. Facebook was like, fuck you, we're gonna restrict your thing. And then they had to come to some agreement here. You don't really have that. And I think if you think about the mediaev in general, their number one complaint and why they're like suing open AI and whatever is like, oh, they want like some remuneration for this content they're creating somehow indirectly. Well, guess what? This is a great way to get it for them. So that's where I got to the Fox News.
Speaker D: I still don't understand what you're saying, but okay, we're at time, so we have to wrap. But Ted, I'm very excited to show.
Speaker C: People on Twitter or Farcaster to roast.
Speaker D: Me for this prediction. Okay. All right, great. If they understand what you just predicted, they might be able to.
Speaker A: No, I actually think you're right, but I don't think it will. People who it's happening to will think of it as I got a airdrop from Fox News. I think they'll think, oh, I got a membership perk from Fox News. Like, I think, I think in the way that warpcast is being built in Farcaster, that it will just be the same web, two language, but behind the, behind kind of the scenes, it's the quote unquote airdrop.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker A: So.
Speaker D: Well, we'll see next, next time, hopefully we're going to have one of the co founders of Farcaster to come on the show. And so we'll be able to go a little more deep into the, into the weeds and maybe even some of the philosophy behind why building decentralized social. But it's a really big topic and we're really glad to have your perspective, Ted, as an early supporter, a super fan, a super user.
Speaker C: Super user.
Speaker D: Where can people find you on Forecaster?
Speaker A: That's it.
Speaker D: Oh, easy.
Speaker C: Also, far Con, Farcon invites one out today.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, all the far con invites went out today. All those 500 plus people. But it's in LA, right?
Speaker D: So if you want to join those 500 people, hit up ed on Farcaster. Ted, thanks for joining us.
Speaker A: Thanks, guys.
Speaker D: Until next week. Bye.
