Speaker A: Hey unchained listeners, as you know its hard keeping up with the fast paced world of crypto, so weve got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. youll get the latest crypto news in original articles from our reporters as well as summaries of other happenings in bullet points. Plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. Its still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot.
Speaker B: Yeah, theres been a ton of new activity on Solana. Theres a lot of new capital. So if you look at the bridging patterns and things like that, theres a ton of new activity coming into the space. Theres a ton of super high quality projects that have been grinding basically since the middle of last year. And I think a lot what happened with all the FTX stuff that really sucked for everyone. But there's a lot of teams that kind of just kept grinding and building.
Speaker C: Not a dividend.
Speaker D: It's a tale of tuqan.
Speaker C: Now. Your losses are on someone else's balance sheet.
Speaker E: Generally speaking, airdrops are kind of pointless anyways.
Speaker C: Unnamed trading firms who are very involved.
Speaker D: I like that. ETH is the ultimate obvious.
Speaker C: Defi protocols are the antidote to this problem. Hello everybody. Welcome to the chopping block. Every couple weeks, the four of us get together and give the industry insider's perspective on the crypto topics of the day. So quick intros. First, we've got Tom, the defi maven and master of memes GM. Next we've got Tarun, the Giga brain and grand poo bah at Gauntlet.
Speaker D: Aloha. And it does look like I'm almost in Hawaii today. Although I'm not in Hawaii.
Speaker C: Great. And we've got Lucas, a special guest, the CEO, and Solana savant at Jito Labs.
Speaker B: Nice. I like that. Thanks for having me on. Sad to be here.
Speaker C: And I'm haseeb, the head hype man at Dragonfly. So we are early stage investors in crypto, but I want to caveat that nothing we say here is investment advice, legal advice, or even life advice. Please see choppingblock XYZ for more disclosures. So we've been off for a couple of weeks. We're coming back in the swing of things now. At the end of the year, we just had our end of year review, but it turns out it was a little bit premature because the end of the year was not quite the end of the year. There was a lot more year to go. And it turned out that in the last couple of weeks, one of the most notable things that happened is there's been a crazy bull run in Alt L one s, and most notably in Solana. Solana. I think when we were talking, when we were doing the end of year review, Solana was at 60, $70. It is now over $100. The entire network is over $50 billion in fdv. Uh, I think it's like 60 billion. FTV market cap is like in the 50 ish billion. And, uh, it's basically, it's. It's near. I think it's now number four asset on Coinmarketcap, uh, cementing itself now as being the predominant non Ethereum smart contract platform. So as the. As the guest for the show, we thought we'd bring on Lucas. So Lucas is known on Twitter as Boofaloo. Is that how you pronounce it? Buffalo.
Speaker B: Buffalo.
Speaker C: Buffalo. Buffalo. So Lucas is known as Buffalo, and he's.
Speaker D: Can we, can we get the etymology? Like, what? What's the story behind the name?
Speaker B: Probably not appropriate for this podcast. Maybe if someone takes massive drinks or something, someone can get the full story.
Speaker C: Okay. I have a lot of trouble imagining now how that story goes, but. Okay, good to know. So one of the reasons why we brought on Lucas is that in his Twitter alter ego Buffalo, he's one of these guys who I'd call, like, the Solana reply guys, that anytime anybody is talking about Solana, him or Mert or Anatoly will show up and be like, no, no, no, you guys, you have no idea what the hell you're talking about. Here's the lowdown of how Solana really works. But unlike some of the other characters out there, Lucas really knows his shit. So he's the founder of Jito. And so, Lucas, why don't you explain for our audience really quickly, what the hell is Jito, and why does it matter in the context of Solana?
Speaker B: Yeah. Jito is a Solana MeV infrastructure provider and basically trying to mitigate the negative impact of MeV on Solana, specifically spam and wasted block space. And so I think a lot of people or a lot of chains have this issue that are high throughput, low fee chains, where you just have a lot of arbitrage. If there's little micro arbitrages then it's going to take a lot of block space. Jito tries to build infrastructure to efficiently extract them, even try to save some of the block space for users and some of the good bots on the network that are trying to make markets and things like that.
Speaker C: So a while back, we had on Phil, Diane, who's one of the co founders of flashbots, which is the ethereum version of what you guys are building. How would you compare what you guys are building on Solana to flashbots, which is the Ethereum counterpart?
Speaker B: Yeah. So Solana, the main difference is speed on Solana, I think that's pretty obvious. Ethereum, there's twelve second block time, twelve or 13 seconds, and the throughput's way lower. Solana, it's 400 millisecond block times. The leader is bouncing across the world, all over the place. So the systems that we run are very high performance, very latency sensitive, multiple locations around the world, I think. I don't know if people on PBS do that. So that's the main difference from like a super, like, macro level. When you, like, start to dig into the weeds a little bit, the architecture looks a little different. So on PBS, they're building entire blocks. On geedo block engine, we're building pieces of blocks, essentially bundles. So the unit that we're operating on is a little different than PBS. And yeah, there's like, the transaction flow is a little different, which we can dive into.
Speaker C: So I want to be mindful. A lot of our audience is non technical, and a lot of our audience probably they've heard these words before, maybe one place or another, but maybe a little bit hazy in their minds from the last time they heard. It's kind of Alphabet soup of different MeV related things. So just very briefly, I would love if you could quickly explain, just for our audience one more time, what is Mev? How does it figure into Solana? And why does the fact that Solana is fast matter for making this problem different or harder or easier?
Speaker B: Yeah, so MeV stands for maximum extractable value. And essentially it's the value that block producers can extract or like make by determining the ordering of transactions in their block. So I guess maybe for people in the audience, there's some networks with validators, some with miners. You can basically just think of them as the person who's collecting all these transactions, figuring out the ordering of them, proposing them to the rest of the network. The rest of the network takes these blocks, looks at them, it replays all the transactions. They come to consensus on the state. When you're a block producer, you are the one who's determining the ordering of transactions. So MEV is basically, you can think of it like building more efficient blocks and more profitable blocks. So some networks, like Ethereum, before flashbots, it was a. I think it was, what is it? Priority gas and then time auction. So you have this mempool. You have all these transactions at the very top of the block. You have the transactions that pay the highest gas and then lower as it goes. Solana, it's a little different. There's a Solana's continuous block stream. So the leaders are processing these transactions live and sending them out to the rest of the network. Everything else is replaying it live. And also, there's no mempool built into the Solana protocol like there is Ethereum. So transactions are going straight to the leader, and the leader is kind of prioritizing them. So with the introduction of MeV, you're essentially the validators and miners and things like that on the network that are producing these blocks are somewhat outsourcing the construction of either the entire block or pieces of it to different parties that can run more optimized algorithms to make more money for validators and stakers.
Speaker C: So just to make sure I understand the details there, in Ethereum, nothing actually gets propagated to everybody. Nothing actually gets confirmed as state until it's packaged up in a complete block. And those blocks happen every 12 seconds, more or less on the dot. Now with proof of stake in Solana, that's not how it works in Solana. It's almost like streaming block production, where it's sort of like, we call them blocks for the purposes of consensus, but really know transactions as they're getting sent to the leader, and the leader is the leader for, like, you know, some number of epics or whatever. I don't know how long an epic is. I don't know. Maybe, let's say some number of seconds, a lot of blocks, when the block time is, like, 400 milliseconds, pieces of blocks, or I guess what they're called shreds in Solana, they get confirmed and streamed out even though the entire block is not done yet. It's like, okay, well, the first five people in this block are these guys, and then the next five are these guys, and the next five are these guys in a system like that, where it's basically streaming, as opposed to these all in one block containers. Doesn't that make me V totally different in a system like that?
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. It's super hard. It's much different than Ethereum. So every leader on Solana, every slot, which is basically like a window that you can produce the block in, is 400 milliseconds. Leaders have multiples of four consecutive slots. So a leader will have 4400 millisecond slots, or 1.6 seconds. And then it all, you know, that leader is in Germany. The next second, next 1.6 seconds will be in Tokyo, and you could be in California. It's kind of just like bouncing all across the world. And then also you have the streaming part, which you were mentioning. It's kind of like the video stream that we're talking on right now, where Ethereum is choppy and you're sending the entire block at once. The Solana leaders are actually streaming the blocks out. So it's basically like a fire hose of shreds that are going out, which are essentially reconstructed on the fly by every other validator and RPC on the network. They're replaying it and so on. And so the MEV game is definitely way different. I guess one of the main differences is that latency matters a lot more where the blocks are streaming out. So you're replaying stuff live, and the leader can process a transaction, send out the shreds, your node can replay them, and you can fire off a transaction and land later within the same slot. So it's compared to Ethereum, where you have this twelve second pause, and you are basically trying, you'll see this on PBS, where the bids ramp up closer to the end, where people are waiting until the last second to send their trades. Maybe I'm getting too far in the weeds here, but basically the latency matters a lot more on Solana.
Speaker E: I'm curious, actually about. There's a lot, obviously, about the consensus and block building process, specifically between different Ethereum and Solana. I'm curious in particular about the difference in architecture that you've chosen between Gedo and flashbots. As a brief recap and summary, flashbots makes this software, they have boost people run relays, which are this matching auction exchange that match people who want to buy block space with people who are producing block space or validators. There's a bunch of these different relayers. Flashpots runs one blocks, rat ones run a couple of different SaaS companies run them. But they make this software and people use it, and you can sort of, it's a very sort of general, unopinionated piece of software. Geo I would say is much more sort of apple y in that you guys have your own liquid staking token. You, I think, went open source somewhat more recently. I think you guys have your own relay and my fans, that's like, most of the volumes go into your own relay, and it feels like more of a clean, vertically integrated, polished experience. How do you sort of think about those different design choices between flashbots and Jito?
Speaker B: Yeah, so I think Solana Mev is kind of in the first ending, and I think our infrastructure is maybe more similar to MeV Geth. So before proposer builder separation, all this stuff, flashbots created a fork of the Go Ethereum client called MeV Geth, and they were the only auctioneer, basically. I don't think there was. They were the block builder and the relayer. So basically they were aggregating order flow and doing the simulation, and they might have been sending bundles at first and then move to full blocks as a stepping stone to BBS. I think Jito is kind of in the same state right now. So Gito created the Jito Solana validator client, and there's the Jito block engine. It's similar to the early days of MeV on Ethereum. So Jito runs auctions. We have in house simulator that our engineering team has built that does a bunch of crazy simulation to filter through all the bundles and whatnot. Then the unit of operation for us is bundles. So we're sending bundles to the Cheetah Solana leaders when they're up, similar to the early days. I think that will evolve over time. There's a lot of protocol changes that are coming to Solana. There's fire dancers coming. There's a lot of talk on bankless leaders where basically the leaders aren't actually executing the transactions, they're just packing blocks. There's asynchronous execution. There's all this crazy stuff that's coming. Do we. There's a lot of questions in my mind, like, what are we building for? Unlike a multi year time horizon, I don't know if it'll look exactly like PBS and suave and all that stuff. I don't think that architecture makes sense on Solana, but it's definitely not the end state in the current form.
Speaker C: So right now, what is the percentage of validators or leaders who are running the GTO client?
Speaker B: Yeah, so there's currently 47% of the Solana stake running the Jito client. And this is like, large institutions like Coinbase figment p two p to in, like, staking facilities, to, like, you know, kids and, like, small businesses that are running it super easy. To run, right, 47% of stake, 300 validator, or almost 400 validators.
Speaker C: So, a natural question if you look at the trajectory of flashbots. Flashbots started running the only auction by themselves and standing in the middle of ethereum infrastructure. And they were criticized pretty roundly as being like, hey, why do we have one company that's sitting as an intermediary to this protocol? And eventually they moved away and decentralized the relay such that flashbusters only running one of many relays now. I can imagine that perhaps someday in the future, you guys foresee the same thing, that maybe there are going to be multiple different relays or auctioneers sitting besides yourselves. That said, given the latency differences between Ethereum and Solana, one of the common critiques that Solana gets is because of the relentless latency sensitivity of Solana, because of the fact that not only are there, these are 400 millisecond slots, but you have the streaming of blocks and the fact that the leaders are moving from jurisdiction to jurisdiction really quickly. There's so much of a centralizing force in whoever is the fastest, whoever has the best infra, whoever has the best software to run this auction, is going to get overwhelmingly an advantage over other people who aren't running at the same scale or with the same level of professionalism. So do you see that as a concern, that even if you do try to nominally decentralize and say, okay, well, anybody can run an auction, here's the format, RPC format, whatever, to do it, that you sort of end up in the situation where one party, maybe yourselves, just de facto, are the auctioneers for.
Speaker B: All Solana block space, potentially. I think it'll be interesting to see how the Solana protocol kind of evolves. Like all the things I was mentioning earlier, I think that the way that our auction is currently designed, you don't really have those forces yet where we are. The Jito block engine is running. It's somewhat discretizing these auctions into what today is currently 200 millisecond auction windows. That's enough for basically, someone in New York could potentially be competitive in an auction in Tokyo or something. And then we have services like Shredstream, which basically provides low latency shreds to anyone that signs up from all these leaders that are running this code and kind of democratizing access to the shreds and low latency feeds. So, in the current sense, it's not necessarily that much of a problem. I think it'll be interesting to see how the protocol evolves. And, yeah, I mean, I think it is worth something keeping an eye out. I think some of the sexes and or centralized exchanges in Tokyo and other places, they certainly have the potential to be large forces of gravity where theres a lot of sextex arm and those people are making a lot of money and state starts to congregate around there. I think Jito has four block engines hoping to spin up six, seven, eight in q one of next year. Separate stuff out, move it across the world and decentralize it a little bit.
Speaker C: So just to build the intuition here, if Gito, let's say your guys servers go down, you forget to pay the AWS bill or whatever, what happens to Solana block building?
Speaker B: That's actually a pretty cool thing where the network will continue to operate as normal. There's basically these things that we call relayers, not to be confused with flashbot relayers. They're transaction forwarders, the validators, when they start judo Solana, they connect to these transaction forwarders and anyone can run forwarders. Geodo Labs runs a few. Some of the validators are operating their own. And basically it's a transaction forwarder that will send transactions to the block engine. The block engine is really only sending bundles to the validators if our block engine goes down. Unfortunately, it happens sometimes. I got paged at one in the morning yesterday because it went down, had to debug some stuff. But the network keeps going as normal. The functionality that you lose is basically the ability to send bundles. So we're pretty important to the network and reducing spam and trying to atomically capture meve versus it going to the spam game. But we're not so critical in the sense that if like we forget to pay a bill or theres a bug or something, then the network stops working. Theres also a lot of heartbeats between all these pieces. So theres 500 millisecond heartbeats and health checks and all this stuff. And ive thought about this a lot to where if something bad happens, then the validator will kind of disconnect from everything and revert to normal settings and the normal transaction processing. The way that our bundles work, it currently runs in parallel to the normal transaction processing code.
Speaker C: Yeah, got it. Okay, so let's zoom out a bit from the micro details of GTO, and let's talk about your airdrop, because your airdrop, I think, is probably one of the legendary airdrops in crypto history at this point. It's analogous in my mind. So what the compound airdrop was or not the compound airdrop, but rather but the liquidity mining on compound, where it was the, it was sort of the, it was the moment that kicked off Defi summer. And into my, in my mind, the Jito airdrop has kind of been the thing that brought Solana out of the ice age and reanimated a lot of the animal spirits and the excitement around Solana. So why don't you walk us through what happened with the Jito airdrop? What was your guys experience of it, and what do you think went well or went poorly in what is now being called the Jito stimulus check?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, it's cool to see how many people are excited about participating in Jito governance. I think there's a lot of excitement around Solana right now. There's been a ton of increased activity and interest level in Jita, but also other Solana protocols that are kind of like pre governance token. And so it's really cool to kind of somewhat like, participate in that. I think the, like, you know, the foundation did the Jito foundation did the airdrop. I think, like, my personal opinion is that I think it went pretty well. I think if you want to, there's definitely, like, a relatively small number compared to some of the other protocols that you're seeing. And, you know, I think the game has definitely changed on Solana in the past. Like, what is it, three weeks or something to where I think you probably can't do what the judo foundation did, but I think that it went pretty well. And you want to be a lot.
Speaker C: Because of the rise of Sybils and inorganic behavior. Yeah, I see what you're referring to.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think that. Yeah, if you want to, I think you have to be careful because there's a lot of people that are not necessarily long term aligned with protocols. And so you have to be even more careful now that there's a lot more attention on Solana.
Speaker C: Right. So just high level numbers for the audience. So the airdrop was, in early December, it was, at present prices, over $200 million worth of Jito to over 11,000 addresses on Solana. Many people got tens of thousands of dollars in airdrop checks, and it has created a huge amount of airdrop farming and the anticipation of what's the next airdrop going to be? There's excitement around Jupiter, around some of the other products on Solana margina. Right, right. A lot of anticipation now for, okay, what's the next airdrop going to be? And is the scale going to match what people saw with GTO?
Speaker D: So I think one thing that might be worth pointing out to listeners, is how Solana airdrops in this cycle sort of differ quite a bit from Ethereum airdrops. Historically, I think the notion of kind of point systems where people have to interact with protocols and you don't exactly know what the distribution will be. And there's more of this almost game like aspect to how airdrops work. Now, I give the Solana ecosystem, probably personally, most of the credit for really pushing that forward. I think in Ethereum, people kind of still stick a little closer to passive liquidity based incentives. So would be great to hear about how you thought through this point system, how you view it evolving, and how you view the importance of these points systems within the ecosystem.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think points offer. There's a lot of protocols that are doing points now in Solana. So I think tensor might have been the first one, or maybe marginfi. There were some geo points for a while. We're seeing. I think Kamino has points now, or they will soon parcel as points. I think it's a good opportunity to experiment with mechanism design and see how do you quantify people's contributions to a protocol. So, like, I think for, for a lot of protocols, it might be like TVL times time. Maybe there's certain things that you want to incentivize more because your protocol makes more money on it. Maybe it's like volume or something like that. So I think it's kind of a, it's an interesting opportunity to kind of like, play around with things and kind of see what people do. And I think we'll see more of it. We're already kind of seeing this a, on some ethereum protocols. Like, I know, I think doesn't Eigenlair, do they have points right now? They have like a billion dollars of TVL with points saying, like, I think I saw something with Rainbow Wallet the other day, rainbow wallets making a ton of money with points. So I think it's, you know, you can kind of, it's kind of like a playground that you can experiment in and see what people do with different. Kind of like with the leaderboard, basically.
Speaker D: Yeah. I guess a question I have is why do you think that point systems took off on Solana versus elsewhere? Because I do think there is some level of, hey, it's actually quite a bit more sophisticated. So we have to have a more complex set of contracts. Maybe that's the reason, or there's clearly something that I think the last six months is the reason that the gestation of this kind of idea worked much better in Solana. And of course it gets copied. But I'm curious, what do you think the things were that led to that?
Speaker B: Who was the first protocol that created points? Was it blur?
Speaker D: It was blur, yeah.
Speaker B: I think it's easy to see why people are doing it. If you look at protocols that implemented points before and after, you can kind of see what's going on. I think it's easy to look at other protocols and, like, kind of look at it before and after points, and you see the growth, like, I know, I guess tensor and marginfi were kind of the early ones in Solana. And you look at the growth margin Phi, and then you kind of look to see what happened to the gdosal TVL. And then, you know, if you're, if you're another protocol in Solana and you kind of see this, it's like, oh, we should probably do this. It's kind of like an interesting marketing mechanism.
Speaker D: Yeah. So you think it's more of a protocol. Founders looked at it and kind of implemented the playbook more aggressively versus like, hey, we're doing kind of more technically sophisticated point systems. Because I feel like if you look at the contracts and the code, the code is much more, you have to think through a lot more about reasoning about it than you do with your classic liquidity mining contracts.
Speaker C: Wait, true. How many of these point systems are even on chain? I thought most of them were off chain.
Speaker D: Most of them are off chain, but they keep a lot of logic for, like, keeping track of actions that are done or, like, aggregating or just, like, logs, because, like, in some sense, yeah. And I feel like it's actually, like, going to be a much richer, you know, I think in 2024, we're likely to see this system evolve to be much richer than what we see in, like, the current liquidity mining universe. And so that's sort of why I think, at least to me, I feel like there's something very interesting about the fact that it really took off on Solana. I feel like blur points sort of worked, but they attracted, like, three whales, you know, like, they attracted a few small, large NFT players, whereas the Solana point system seemed to have been much better at getting distribution. And some of it feels technical, some of it feels cultural. So that's sort of where I was like, where do you know where, where do you attribute that? Because I can kind of see both arguments for it.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, I think I'm definitely in, like, the Solana bubble, and I don't necessarily follow the eth L one and all the l two protocols super closely. I think there's a lot of super legit teams building on Solana, and there's a lot, I think, that are relatively new within the past year or two. And I think that, I don't know if that's necessarily the case for Ethereum. Some of the l two s, maybe. I could definitely be wrong here. And so I feel like there's a lot that are kind of in the same path that decided to launch points programs. And, yeah, I mean, it's been super successful for a lot of protocols. I've done it, so I think it's going to keep going for a while. You're starting to see some of the Ethereum protocols that I mentioned earlier start to do it.
Speaker C: Okay, let's take a step back again from Jito entirely, and let's talk about Solana. You've been one of the great outspoken emblems of the Solana community, and now that Solana is in the spotlight and it's gotten this incredible surge of activity and attention and excitement, um, I want to talk about, you know, one of the things that's going on in the public conversation, which is this back and forth between ethereum shills, Solana shills, and, like, kind of the, the critiques and the strengths and the weaknesses of Solana and the Solana roadmap. So one of the things that a lot of people talk about, uh, when they're firing potshots at Solana and saying like, oh, what the, you know, why is Solana pumping so much? This is crazy is that there's a claim that not that much has really changed I on chain relative to where Solana was, call it three months ago, four months ago, when Solana was a fraction of what it's trading at today. From your vantage point where you're sitting in Jito, what do you see in terms of what's changed in terms of on chain activity from now to, let's say, four or five months ago?
Speaker B: Yeah, there's been a ton of new activity on Solana. There's a lot of new capital. So if you look at the bridging patterns and things like that, there's a ton of new activity coming into the space. Theres a ton of super high quality projects that have been grinding, basically since the middle of last year. And I think what happened with all the FTX stuff, that really sucked for everyone, but theres a lot of teams that just kept grinding and building. Feels like those teams are finally getting the recognition and adoption they deserve. I think there's a lot of people that were kind of, I think, skeptical to use Solana or that maybe they just weren't interested in it. You know, I got to like bridge, I got to go through some sex or go through a bridge and get money on here. And there's not really that much to do. But I think there's certainly a lot of group chats that I'm in where people are. People have been talking about Solana more, they've been trading more, and are, you know, using the applications a lot more. There's just like bunch of crazy stats like there's like five or 6000 tokens being minted every day. There's a ton of new volume on chain we're seeing. There's a lot more people trading on chain. There's a lot more mev happening on chain. Cheetah is basically 50% of all the mev tips have been captured in the past two and a half weeks. Or 50% of all Cheeto Solana related mev tips have been captured in the last two and a half weeks, 75% in the last four weeks. So theres like a ton of volume happening on chain.
Speaker C: Wow. And so a lot of this resurgence in trading has been these new Solana meme coins, if I understand it correctly. Obviously theres bonk, which has been around since the beginning of the year, but its kind of gone vertical over the last month. And there's been this just panoply and there's also inscriptions now on Solana. I understand. And so things are kind of just going crazy. Can you talk us through like what you're seeing in terms of where the MeV is coming from? Is it mostly from meme coins and inscriptions and this kind of thing?
Speaker B: Yeah, there's definitely a lot around meme coins and even like just like normal trading, like Solana USDC and things like that, theres a ton of arbitrage. Theres people that are getting to some of the longer tail MeV liquidity sniping and things like that on Ethereum and other chains. I think MeV is pretty closely correlated to volume. Thats probably the thing the most closely correlate it with. You have a ton of new tokens popping up. Theres a ton of price discrepancies between all these tokens. The fees on Solana are 100th or a thousandth of a penny. So basically any trade that happens is going to produce an arbitrage. So you're seeing a lot of that right now. There's been a lot of DApps in protocol developers that have been working pretty hard, and they're starting to see more adoption. I think there's been a ton of changes to the Solana core protocol as well, that I think if this were happening, like, two years ago or three years ago, like, the chain would be struggling super hard. So, like, introduction of quick, there's a much better scheduler in place. There's priority fees. There's still a lot of work to do on all these things, but they're kind of like, the base building blocks are getting much better to where the chain can actually handle it without kind of dying.
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah. So, actually, maybe a question or, like, something that I think there's a lot of chatter on Twitter about is, like, should the dominant form of value that gets generated in the Solana network come from MeV? Because transaction fees are low versus, you know, like, there's kind of this philosophical divide of, like, MEV is actually parasitic to the security of a network, or MEV is actually a very good source of revenue for network. Where do you fall in that dichotomy? I know Haseeb probably also has some.
Speaker C: But MeV on Solana through G tier, MEV doesn't get burned, right? MeV just gets distributed to stakers, is that correct?
Speaker B: Yeah. So there's a few different forms of MEV on Solana happening. One is people are still sending or using priorities. I guess. I don't know if you want to count priority fees as MEV or not. Depends on who you are. But 50% of priority fees get burned. There's a ton of bots and users interacting with the chain, so those priority fees are getting burned. The system that the Jita Solana validator client and that all that hooks up to it doesn't burn the MEV. So it basically collects MEV and distributes it to validators and stakers. So there's not the main source of any potential MEV burn would be from priority fees on Solana.
Speaker E: I think one of the main themes in the EVM ecosystem over the past, let's say, year and a half in the realm of MEV has not just been about redistribution and mevboost and relays and different block builders, but it's also been about MEV minimization and redesigning protocols to reduce opportunities for MEV. That's things like intents or moves to RFQ systems for dexsitive. Do you see a similar kind of trend in the Solana ecosystem? Or how are people sort of re architecting their dapps in Solana to reduce MeV given sort of the different constraints of building out Solana yeah, I think.
Speaker B: We'Re definitely seeing that. I think it's catching up to Ethereum a lot. I think if you like the most, one could argue the most valuable thing about uniswap is the front end. They started charging the front end fee, I think. I don't know the numbers off the top of my head. I think if you were, I'm guessing maybe you guys know, and correct me if I'm wrong here, but I would say there's still a lot of people on Ethereum that probably aren't using aggregators. Maybe I'm wrong here. I think on Solana there's Jupiter and I would say majority of people use Jupiter. It's kind of like the one inch equivalent of Jupyter. I think it'll split your swap into, if you're swapping from USDC to Sol, I think it has a limit of four or five swaps within that transaction. So it'll actually pull and gas is so cheap so it'll basically like pull from all these different dexs. And so I think on that sense like I think Jupiter is an amazing product. It's built, anyone that adds some type of swap interface is going to put that in their app, whether it's like any wallet or phantom backpack, other wallets. So I think in that sense there's a lot being done. I think we're definitely still noticing some slip ups from Dapps and trying to reach out to them directly. I'm not going to name the Dapp, but there was a dap that was allowing people to adjust their slippage but they weren't showing users price impact. So people were selling tokens in the Dapp for needing like a five or 10% slippage which was causing these massive arbitrages. And we saw it on the graph and reach out to them, it's like hey you guys need to do this. And they're like oh shoot, we need to push out an emergency update. I think we're starting to see it go towards the aggregator stuff. I think the nice thing about Solana is that maybe rfqs because its so cheap, I think you can probably have more liquidity on chain and you dont necessarily need rfqs but they do give you better pricing. Maybe theyre supplementary to on chain liquidity or something.
Speaker C: The interesting thing going back to what Tarun was mentioning is that right now, despite the explosion activity on Solana, fees on Solana are pretty limited. It seems like much more value is getting captured by MBV, which actually gets a share of the economic value that's being exchanged on Solana compared to the fees, which are more a function of how full are blocks. And because of Solana's enormous capacity, my understanding would be that blocks are not full. There's still plenty of capacity on Solana. Is that more or less correct? And if so, how do you think about the economics of Sol? As a token, given that so much of the value thats being captured by Solana as an ecosystem is not actually getting burned or affecting the supply of Sol, but rather just being paid out to validators or to staked Sol.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: And does that matter?
Speaker B: Theres a lot of good questions and answers in there. Yeah. Right. So right now, the validators and stakers that are running judo Solana are making roughly two and a half to three times more per block than non judo valid errors.
Speaker C: Two and a half to three times more.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Holy shit.
Speaker B: Yeah. So like on, to be clear, that's.
Speaker C: Like net of inflation. That's not just two to three times more fees, it's two to three times more. Including the block reward.
Speaker B: Yeah. So that's, that's, I'm just talking about the block reward here. And then it's kind of up to validators on how they want to distribute them ev, do they want to keep it all? Do they want to share with their stakers? It's all kind of encoded on chain and all the tip programs and stuff like that handle it. So I think the average validator not running Jita is making around like, I think it's 0.01 sol per block. Ones that are running Jita are making 0.03 and they kind of distribute it to stakers as they want, and they can choose 0% to 100%. I think that that's incredible. There's a lot of, um, there are a lot of full blocks right now. There's no dynamic base fee on Solana, or like, there's not really, um, like EIP 1559. It's good no matter what you think about it. You know, some people love it, some people hate it. It's some type of economic back pressure on the system. And basically your transaction has 0% chance of getting scheduled if you're base fee is lower than the 1559 base fee. It's like if you try to build a block with that, it's going to break consensus and it gets rejected or whatever. Solana. There's static base fees and there's priority fees which work decently well. But there's not really a really good back pressure for a lot of transaction spam.
Speaker C: I thought on Solana there was a global fee floor that like rose and fall based on utilization. Is that not correct?
Speaker B: No. So it's, right now it's 5000 lamports per signature and then there are priority fees and the scheduler will attempt to prioritize transactions based on the priority fee. I think there's definitely a lot of room for improvement here, but essentially there's no dynamic base fee here or no floor. And I think this is a very heated topic in Solana right now. Wait a minute.
Speaker C: Because actually, about a year and a half ago, I think we had an episode about Solana where we were arguing pretty vociferously about Solana's fee market being broken. And this is before, I think, what's called state specific fees, where you have fee markets based on particular pieces of state. Local fee markets, I think. Yeah, that's what they're called where if you touch one contract or you touch an address, and that address is particularly hot, meaning it's getting a lot of contention, a lot of people are trying to touch it. The fees on those particular applications or addresses float, and they may be higher than it would be touching a cold piece of state that not many people are contending over. There is that local fee market such that if I'm touching Jupyter, for example, Jupyter's contracts are going to be hotter and thus going to be more expensive than if I'm touching some lesser used application. Right. That does exist.
Speaker B: It exists in the context of the scheduler, but it's not actually enforced in consensus. So basically, if you are a leader, if you wanted to, this wouldn't really make any sense, but you could basically pack a block full of low priority transactions. And it's an implementation detail that's up to the validator and it's per state.
Speaker C: But the purpose of the validator is going to do the logical thing and maximize the total priority fees over the block. Correct?
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker C: Right. So in practice, we do have these local fees that get enforced by the validators such that somebody touching a more expensive piece of state is, is going to pay more than somebody paying something cheaper. So there is some.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: No. Okay, give me the details. Let me understand.
Speaker B: It gets a little tricky when you start looking at the current scheduler and the fact that you're streaming blocks as you're producing a block throughout the entire slot. So you can imagine a world where, like the validator, it had a super hot piece of state on the previous block.
Speaker C: Does it get reset every block?
Speaker B: Yeah, like, there's no. There's no minimum, there's no dynamic floor that's enforced.
Speaker C: There's no persistence across blocks of. This was hot the last block. So we're going to keep it hot in this block.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: So there's no EIP 1559 equivalent, or however you want to call it. There's a lot of. It's becoming more of a hot topic recently, depending on who you talk to. There's a few different proposals to fix this. One is the program. What is it? Program rebatable account, whatever the name is. Prar. I don't know what it is, but there's one where it's like, oh, maybe the applications should control what the fees are per account. And then there's also, I think people are finally getting over.
Speaker C: Let me ask you this. How do you think fee markets should work on Solana?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think that the. Ideally, there's some EIP or controller based account fee model where every EIP 1559.
Speaker C: Per account, each of them has their own little curve that's moving up and down.
Speaker B: Yeah. So I think. Yeah, like, you can do, like, I think Anatolia Post or something that you wrote recently for, like, exponential moving averages, where you kind of look at the past n blocks, and that's above. If he uses this many, this much of the block space arises, and if it falls off, then it kind of goes down. I know Tarun's been, like, massively nerd sniped into looking at this, so I'm kind of curious what he has to say about it.
Speaker D: Yeah, actually, it's funny, I'm writing a blog post about this right now, so I have it fresh in context. So an interesting thing about. Yeah. Solana's fee market is, a, the block rewards actually are distributed for voting. It's not like the proposer gets the block rewards, and b, the main incentive to the proposer is the fees. So 50% are burned. But then there's kind of this. Yeah, there is this issue of persistence. But one question you might have is, I have a bunch of different local females markets, right? So, like, maybe tensor is, you know, is hot and Jupiter is hotter and Camino is less hot than. Than Jupiter. How do I decide whether these things should be increased in a correlated way or not? So I think a lot of the local fee market initial design was sort of. You could think of it as having been done looking at NFT mints that caused issues on the network where there's a single piece of state that 99% of demand is going to, but the rest of state doesn't matter. And I think the thing where these base fee adjustments, these kind of floor adjustments, help you with is when you have many parts of state that have increased demand, and their demand is correlated to each other, so you need to give a floor so that those pieces that are correlated don't just take up all the block space immediately. And so it sounds like you're imagining.
Speaker C: As kind of global fee level, as well as these micro locals on each other.
Speaker D: And so there have been many proposals for this. People like me and others have written some academic research on this, but there's sort of this idea of, like, you have global control plus local control, and you have some way of synchronizing them over every block. So there's sort of some global floor, but then there's also some local sort of like velocity, like how fast you increase the fee as a function of the amount of demands seen in that block and the previous block, you try to adjust the two of those such that you maximize some outcome, like high throughput or minimum number of missed transactions. But another thing that I think is actually important and disclosure. Jito investors. This is one of the things that made me most interested in Jito in the beginning, is that Jitto does these state based auctions, unlike MEV and Ethereum, where you're collecting all the MEV across all applications, putting it into a single block, and then submitting the single block. Here, you can think of the auctions in Jito as happening on a per con, per program, or per state basis. If there's different uniswap style pools that are getting different amounts of demand, you could almost think of their MEV auctions run separately before they're merged. That allows you to have more efficient priority fees from MEV than this fully aggregated version. I think Solana actually is actually a lot further in having that running live, and Ethereum is getting to that point. With all the l two s giving you many different blocks, people are starting to realize they basically have to have some notion of state dependent meV. And I think Solana pushed the barrier in that a lot further due to necessity. And obviously, Lucas knows this better than anyone else.
Speaker C: Well, it seems like it's not just necessity. It's also that the design of Solana makes that a lot easier, because of the fact that every transaction declares the state that it's touching in advance. In Ethereum, you don't do that right, because everything is kind of at runtime, you can have a transaction that says, oh, I'm not touching uniswap, I'm actually an AAVE transaction. Please schedule me at the top of the AAVE auction. You win the AAVE auction, but actually secretly you're also doing some uniswap arbitrage at the end and it's hard to statically detect.
Speaker D: That is EIP 29 30, which is the optional access lists. There's a lot of debate, almost as much debate in the Solana community over EIP 1559 style. These global controllers in the Ethereum world, there's a lot of debate over these. Can I add as almost a soft fork and access control list of hey, if you tell me which particular state you're touching your roll up, I'm only going to touch these particular accounts, I can schedule you more efficiently. We're actually starting to see some of that happen because of roll ups, because they're inefficient storage usage sometimes, or the costs are inefficiently being allocated, I suspect my prediction is that the Ethereum model with many l two s will actually start to look more like the Solana.
Speaker C: Model over time, where you actually do the MEV auctions. In the MEV auctions, yes. I mean, stateless clients have been a story in Ethereum since forever. They're so far from ever actually getting shipped. But in a stateless client world, that would be true for Ethereum as well, that a transaction needs to specify what state it's touching. And then you can say, great, we're going to cordon off people touching this state versus people touching that state. The difference, of course, in Ethereum is that there is no parallelism in Ethereum, meaning that even if you're not touching the same contracts, ultimately Ethereum and the EVM require a strict ordering. So it always has to be transaction one, then transaction two, then transaction three, even if the transactions don't interact with each other, because there are just these bottlenecks in Ethereum, these resources that every single transaction touches. One question that I have that I've seen many people kind of getting into Twitter arguments and telegram chats and all this stuff. A lot of the ethereum, I should say, a lot of the Solana people will say, well, look, Solana, right now we've got the four compute unit cores or whatever they're called, but we're going to scale it up over time to 16, then 32, then 64, and then whatever. It's just going to go to infinity and it's going to be arbitrary levels of parallelism in Solana land such that there's no limit to scaling Solana performance. And my natural thought is always, surely there is some bottleneck somewhere in Solana that is like some kind of global, some kind of global state somewhere that's getting touched when people are doing things on Solana. My question is, where is that true? And if so, where is it? Like, what is that global bottleneck that stops SolaNa right now from scaling to 64 cores or 128 cores or whatever it is that people are imagining Solana is going to scale to?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think that. I don't know if I've seen people saying that it's going to scale infinitely. I think there's definitely people that are saying it can scale a lot more. And I think there's a ton of, there's a ton of scheduler changes that I think will make it better. I think there's a lot of room for improvement in the actual replay as well. So a few months ago, I wrote a better replay algorithm. It sped it up like 50% or 100%. I was scared to ship it to prod, but it definitely used less compute, ran faster. I think there's just a lot of these tweaks as far as like, the actual limit. I think this is probably where some, the thing that Tarun was talking about earlier, where you have this, you have these like, per account limits, and then you kind of have this like, global limit floor that kind of rises. And I think you can take into, in that global limit, you can kind of take a lot of different things into account. So maybe the global limit includes like, what is the, what's the max throughput that we're trying to target for packets on the network? Basically, how big are the transactions in bytes and how much throughput, and how much bandwidth does it require to spit those transactions out and process them to how much account state was loaded and stored in that block? I guess, like, I don't know what the current limit is. It's probably like memory or memory speed or something. But I think that's something that you can kind of, when there's a better fee model in Solana, I think it's something that's adjustable and you can kind of find where that global limit is and use that for that global limit floor in addition to these separate kind of bucketed v markets.
Speaker C: Okay, let me ask the question a different way. What are the hard lines for Solana in Ethereum? The hard line is that you have to be able to validate Ethereum on a laptop, right. That's like the ideological center that Ethereum uses as a constraint when thinking about throughput. If you look at binance smart chain, binance smart chain, their hard line, as far as I understand, is that you have to be able to sink the chain. There was a time when binance smart chain was running at, I think, 25 million gas per second, and that was just so much that literally, even enterprise type validators who had huge boxes and were running the stuff as fast as they could, they just could not sync to the state of the chain. And so they lowered the total gas throughput to about a third of that, so that new people who were joining the chain could actually catch up to the tip. But that's about it, basically. As long as people can sync, I don't really care as much as I can get out of this souped up throttle to eleven EVM chain. That's what I'm going for with binance smart chain. How does Solana think about that? Is there a hard line on Solana of what we will and will not do in order to get a faster, higher performance chain? What is the binding constraint beyond just what can we get out of raw hardware?
Speaker B: Yeah, I don't want to speak for, like, Solana labs here, I guess my. Or like the foundation or anyone. I think currently the hard limit is like 48 million compute units. It's kind of a proxy for a lot of different things here. And on Ethereum, I guess there's a 21 million gas per block. I don't really know how all the things influence how all the different things that transactions are doing and block validation and whatnot fits into that. But I guess maybe that's something you could view or people, if they. It's like gas per second or something, where it's like 21 million gas and then you have twelve second block times, and there's a bunch of signature verification. What not happening on Solana, it's 48 million compute units. I feel like on Solana, it's probably basically like, what's the lowest barrier to where 66.6% of the chain can keep up? So how fast can we go such that 66% of stake can keep up? Ideally 100%. Some people, they call them potatoes. In Solana, there's a lot of validators that are running potatoes. I guess for context, our servers, we're probably running 20 or 30% compute usage right now. I think there's a lot of space and room to speed that up. There's also a lot of extra bandwidth that we can use as well.
Speaker D: Actually, I just want to add one kind of thing to your question, haseeb, which is like, I kind of view the, you know, the Ethereum model and the slander model, when you're talking about scaling, compute. Like, hey, we have a lot more parallelism in synchrony as just different programming models for parallelism. Like, in some sense, right? You know, there are limits to how fast particular algorithms can run when in parallel versus serial, and you can't improve them beyond that amount. And there's a however, how you represent your parallel computation impacts how easy it is to actually achieve whatever scale you want.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker D: Like, if you want the algorithm to run ten x faster. Well, one form of parallelism might work better than another form. And what I mean by that is like, you know, something like Nvidia's CUDA works well for linear algebra, parallelism, because that's just like what it's designed for, but it works bad for, say, sorting a list. It's sort of inefficient at doing certain things like that or things that have recursion. And I think, in general, you should view the ethereum form of parallelism of, we have these multiple units that are running separate computation, but infrequently synchronized with each other, versus the Solana version, where actually they have a shared memory map, or they have some shared context that they have to keep in locally at all times as two different programming models. And some algorithms will be much easier for one, and some algorithms will be much easier for the other, and there'll be some that don't work on both. The history of parallel computing has had this happen, whether it's things like MPI in the eighties, things like CUDA now, and this general idea that the way you represent, how you parallelize your computation dictates what applications work well on it, I think is going to be just the truth for blockchains for the next few years. But I think that's maybe one of the reasons it's also hard to compare these things, apples to apples.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think that certainly makes sense. All right, I know we're running up on time, so I wanted to just kind of close out Lucas with, I guess, getting a little bit more of the kind of felt experience of what it's been like for you personally and just what it's been like for people in the Solana community. So, Solana, you guys have really been through the valley of darkness with the collapse of FTX, Solana going all the way down to dollar eight, and now you've had this kind of euphoric coming back into the light. Solana now surging to be number four on Coinmarketcap. Over $100. Everybody's super in the money. Jito has been super successful. How does it feel being part of that cohort where you guys are really toiling in this environment where everybody left Solana for dead? What does it feel like now being on the other side of that? Do you have time to really rejoice? Do you feel like, yo, guys, we made it like we were right. We believed when no one else believed? Or is it just like, everything's happening so fast, you're just trying to keep up with it? What does it feel like from the Solana ogs right now?
Speaker B: I would say all of the above, for sure. I mean, I think last year at breakpoint, super exciting, the judo stake pool was launched. The judo salon and valid air client, um, I think it was out. The judo salon, valid air client was at, like, 3% of stake. And to, like, FTX happening. Um, and, like, a lot of people were leaving after.
Speaker C: Before FTX was breakpoint, right? Or was it after FTX?
Speaker B: No, it was on the. It was on the plane. It was on the plane ride home that the rumor of binance buying FTX was, like, popping up on people's phones and Twitter. And I remember the Internet was super spotty, and everyone just, like, keeps trying to refresh Twitter to, like, get their. Get the newest news. So, yeah, it was pretty stressful. There's definitely a period there where it's, like, you know, you. You're doubling down, but also, like, questioning yourself like, this, like, worth it. But I think, like, I. A lot of teams just kept building, and I think you. Solana is just so much bigger than FTX. I think people associate the two so closely. But if you actually, like, do people actually know the Solana core engineers? There's a lot of really smart people there. There's a lot of really smart teams. And I think everyone kind of bonded together. And I think the last, certainly the last few months and then the last three weeks has. It's, like, some sense of, like, excitement, pride, maybe like, a little vindication for people that, like, made fun of Solana the entire, like, basically the last year. I think there's also, like, a lot of. There's a lot of excitement and hunger. I think there's still a lot to build and a lot to do, and I think a lot of people are kind of soaking it in and, like, making sure that they keep their servers running and things are going smoothly and all that, but also, we're just getting started here, and there's still a lot to prove, there's a lot to build, a lot of users and marketing and things like that to keep people onboarding. So I think definitely nice to soak it in and reminisce on how crazy last year has been and how stressful. But I think there's also a lot of opportunity and a lot of excitement, and I think a lot of people feel like that on Solana right now.
Speaker C: That's great. Well, it's awesome to see that you guys getting to see the fruits of your labor and getting vindicated for having believed in something at a time when few other people did. And I think there's a lesson for a lot of entrepreneurs out there. Any advice that you would give to somebody who's thinking about building in this environment that you've learned from, from your experience going through, you know, the peak, the trough, and then back to the peak again?
Speaker B: Yeah. Oh, man. I think, yeah. I think you have to be confident in the choices you're making and make sure that you have, that you've, you have the right team to support you and you have supporters there. I think anyone that's an entrepreneur is kind of messed up in the head a little bit, especially in this industry. And I think having a good team on your side definitely helps a lot. I think also making sure you're, I think there's a lot of value in staying focused in the right thing. There's a lot of, especially when prices start going up, I think it's really easy to get distracted or try to catch the end of trends and kind of, like, miss the trends and youre kind of always chasing. And I think its really important to kind of figure out how you are going to kind of attack something and grow and stay super focused on that. And I think, yeah, those things are definitely super important as an entrepreneur.
Speaker C: Well, the Solano ecosystem is very lucky to have you and can congrats on all the success and hope to see more of what GTO becomes as you guys keep evolving alongside Solana.
Speaker B: Thanks. Yeah. Appreciate it. Thanks for having me.
Speaker C: All right. And congrats to you as well, Tarun, for having invested in GTO. I guess you two are the, you two both deserve all the success you've had.
Speaker D: It's really Lucas who deserves all the success.
Speaker C: Okay, great. All right, well, we got to wrap. Lucas, thanks for coming on. And until then, I guess it's the last episode for the year. We'll be back next week, and hopefully more craziness will come of our way by then.
Speaker D: I think the thing that's needed is Haseeb with hat. That's the meme coin that you really.
Speaker C: Is that right? All right, good to know. Good to know. We can sponsor that for next year. And then we also got to, at the end of year, we got to go back for a PayPal bet. So that's going to next episode will adjudicate how the PayPal bet played out of. Anyway, we got a wrap. Thanks, everybody.
