Speaker A: Hey unchained listeners. As you know, its hard keeping up with the fast paced world of crypto. So weve got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. youll get the latest crypto news in original articles from our reporters, as well as summaries of other happenings in bullet points. Plus, our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. Its still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot. Again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot.
Speaker B: Not a dividend, its a tale of tuqwan.
Speaker C: Now your losses are on someone elses balance sheet.
Speaker D: Generally speaking, airdrops are kind of pointless anyways.
Speaker C: I manage trading firms who are very involved.
Speaker B: Pollock Eth is the ultimate defi.
Speaker E: Protocols are the antidote to this problem.
Speaker C: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the chopping block. Every couple weeks, the four of us get together and give the industry insiders perspective on the crypto topics of the day. So first up, we've got Tom, the defi maven and master of memes. Next, we've got Robert, the crypto connoisseur and captain of compound. Then we've got Tarun, the Giga brain and grand poop on gauntlet. I was about to call you Gurun because it does rhyme. And then I'm Haseeb, the head hype man at Dragonfly.
Speaker B: I thought you were going to replace Giga brain with guru. That was like what? I was like, whoa. That's like a funny chance.
Speaker C: I feel like that could be a good second act for you, actually, if you retire from crypto and you just become, like a yoga teacher, I feel like the Giga brain and guru of kundalini. I feel like that would work for you. Anyway, I gotta redact the disclosures. Okay. We're really seeing investors in crypto. I want to caveat. Nothing we say here is invested advice, legal advice, or even life advice. Please see chopping block XYZ for more disclosures. Robert, you are looking incredibly french today. What's going on? What's.
Speaker E: Every time I wear a striped shirt, you know, people assume it's like a french look. So today's episode is dedicated to the future of France.
Speaker C: Oh, amazing. Well, I want to hear speaking of France. Well, these both Tom and Tarun. Tom right now is in Europe, in Montenegro. Tarun was very recently in Montenegro, where I understand we alluded to this earlier, there is a. I don't know exactly what to call it. Like a pop up city.
Speaker D: It's an intentional community. Yeah. I'm in Montenegro at this thing called Zuzalu. Zuzalu. And I don't. I feel like I'm gonna offend someone in any description, but I'll give my best shot. It's two months. Different types of people who are trying to do research or, I don't know, contribute in some way, get together, and people give talks. People do workshops, people do sort of different things, and so they do different segments. There was like a crypto AI thing that screen was at. There was like a Zkhdem research week, this longevity week right now. So it's sort of like maybe like burning man meets, like, Ted talks meets. I don't know. I feel like that was pretty cringy, but, you know, it's all right.
Speaker B: I would say introverts, burning man, like, take Osho and sort of like, you know, like the 1980s, like, intentional communities. They were more about, like, exercise, yoga, orgies. This is much more in the vein of futurism, like, biotech changes, whether there exists longevity drugs, open source AI. So the AI week was actually focused on if we have this huge movement towards centralized AI, like OpenAI or anthropic or adept or whatever, versus the stable diffusions and other open source AI stuff. And so there was less of the hedonism of, say, I would say intentional communities. Historically, like the 1980s, 1990s, two thousands were much more hedonistic. This had, like, almost no hedonism, like, because there was longevity week. It was, like, true.
Speaker C: Are you sure you just weren't invited to the orgies? I feel like that's a possibility you have to take seriously.
Speaker B: It could be true. But I highly recommend reading some tweets from Alae about her experience in. And I would say those kind of suggest exactly what I'm saying, which is it was perhaps an introvert's paradise, kind of sexless.
Speaker C: Okay, got it.
Speaker B: I didn't say that she said that. But once I got there after she said that, I couldn't not observe that, I guess, which was very weird. But I will say the interesting thing is, I think that it sort of reminded me a bit of the energy. There was a little bit like what I think the earliest days of bitcoiners in El Salvador was. And I think the montenegrin people are very big eth believers. I got stuck in Pagorica, which was the capital, for a day and there are, like, eth ATM's everywhere throughout the capital, so it's actually interesting. It's kind of like the doppelganger. I wouldn't be surprised if Montenegro becomes like the doppelgang, the ETH. El Salvador in.
Speaker D: Yeah, apparently Vitalik has a honorary montenegrin passport, and there's sort of a movement with this new pm to develop Montenegro into more of a sort of digital nomad new destination, maybe a charter city location within Europe. Cool.
Speaker C: Interesting. Okay. What is a day in a Montenegro pop up city? Social experiment. Look like you wake up. What do you actually do?
Speaker D: Well, it's a little surreal, too, because you're at this sort of private resort setup, so it's very not representative of what I assume. The average day is.
Speaker C: Like.
Speaker D: There's no real town. It's like a little food desert kind of thing, but there's a schedule. So there's people giving talks through most of the day. There's a workshop. There's people doing exercise classes, people doing a kind of breath work stuff. There's a party tonight that I'm missing, but there's sort of stuff like that. And you can run your own workshop. You can contribute to the schedule. You can do a cooking class, whatever. So it's sort of summer camp, like, in that way, too.
Speaker B: That's sort of the burning man in the daytime. It's burning man in the daytime type of.
Speaker C: Okay, that's a very good way to put it, actually.
Speaker B: But with bathrooms. With real bathrooms, not porta potties.
Speaker C: Okay. Got it. Well, that's a big difference.
Speaker B: Trust me. That is a. That is a huge change lifestyle wise.
Speaker C: Tarun, I have to ask, how often do you go to burning man? Are you, like, a year? Okay.
Speaker B: I think I went six times, but, like, yeah, it's been a while. I have.
Speaker E: How many times have you been?
Speaker C: Zero. I've never been a burning man.
Speaker E: I bet. I bet Tom has gone.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker E: You've never been?
Speaker D: I've never been. I don't.
Speaker B: I don't really.
Speaker D: You've never been the whole burner aesthetic? Yeah. I find it kind of cringey. Honestly. Not my scene. Sorry. Sorry to the.
Speaker E: I've been twice, so. Right.
Speaker C: Robert, surely you were invited to, like, the french kid.
Speaker E: I was part of the future de France.
Speaker C: Very nice.
Speaker B: I mean. I mean, the thing is, the thing. The thing about burning man is it, like, became this, like, tech meme trope in, like, 2015 or 16, and I don't think it was ever able to escape that. Yeah, it just kind of lost this genuineness and so I think I'll give this is all a lot of credit. It does seem to have. There are a lot of people there who really believe in kind of crazy future endeavors in a way that I don't think you'd have that many people saying that much crazy stuff in one place. Normally.
Speaker C: Yeah, I'm poking fun at it, but it does sound genuinely, really awesome. And I hope they. Hope they continue doing stuff like this, because I feel like it is. It's really valuable for the community to have these just, like, pockets of really concentrated cultural activity. You know, you kind of need those cauldrons, especially after Covid, when everyone scrambled, everyone got super separated and everything was happening on Twitter. It's nice to have it in one place.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's just long.
Speaker D: Yeah. But I think that's actually kind of nice. You can rotate out. It's a fresh cast, I think. True. And at some point you said, you know, east global hackathons are responsible for the majority of the efdev development roadmap. And I feel like this has a similar kind of vibe of people not having structured time and therefore being more productive.
Speaker C: Okay, so let's start getting into some news this week. It's been a relatively chill week, but it being crypto, there's always some weird thing to talk about. So the weird thing to talk about this week is Aragon. So for those of you who don't know, Aragon, super OG project Aragon is basically like a Dao operating system, is the way they describe it. They were very, very early in the formation of daos, before 2020, and all the Dow mania kicked off. So these are super OG diehard believers. They did an ico way back in the day, and they have this token called ant, which has been sitting around. It owns a big treasury of bitcoin and ether and a bunch of other stuff. Today, that treasury is worth about 176 million. The token itself, Ant, which is supposed to give you a claim on the rights of the treasury and everything within it, because it must be a Dao, because kind of the point that token, on a fully diluted basis, is only worth 150 million compared to the 176 that's in the treasury. So a lot of people have been very disappointed with Aragon. Aragon very famously has kind of been sitting on their hands, sort of waiting for the world to come around to their view of how Daos ought to work. And some people got frustrated, including some token holders, namely Arka. So, Arka, they're like a fund. I don't know exactly where. I think they're like New York and La or something. They basically started instigating publicly to a and t holders to say, hey, Aragon has not done a good job of shipping what they were supposed to ship or really gaining market share or gaining product market fit. And they have a giant treasury. So we should just have them transfer the treasury into Dow governance because apparently the treasury was managed off chain. It was not managed by the Dow directly. They were like, look, Aragon should push the treasury into full on token governance so that the a and t token holders have control over that Dao. And separately they were pushing for buybacks to basically buy back the token, using the treasury to essentially return value to token holders that they felt was not being well spent by the treasury. So that's the backdrop that's been happening all for a while. Then a few days ago, Aragon published a statement saying that they are under attack. So what is this attack? This attack supposedly is that Arca, as well as a group called the RFV Raiders were basically trying to essentially act like corporate raiders and as activist token holders, effectively trying to get the ant token holders to vote to basically do a complete buyback to essentially wind down the token and unwind the treasury and give the treasury back to token holders. Essentially a liquidation, more or less, of the treasury and Ant, or I guess the Aragon foundation, which is some foundation set up somewhere in Liechtenstein or something. The Aragon foundation was like, this is an attack. And because this is an attack, we are not going to listen to token governance because these attackers came into our discord. They were saying things that were instigating a ruckus. They banned them from the discord. They said that we're not going to listen to the DAO on this because this is a malicious attack. Or rather we're not going to listen to token votes and instead we are going to take the funds. We're not going to fully put them on chain because they had not fully transitioned on chain yet. We're not going to fully put them on chain because clearly we're not decentralized enough yet. Progressive decentralization has not fully completed its course. We still need to retain some security here and we are going to start a grants program which we are going to transfer some funds to that. The last I recall it was like a few hundred thousand dollars, which is a very small amount of the treasury that they pre committed to a grants program that's going to be administered on chain. So this has gotten the whole Internet, or not the whole Internet, our tiny little corner of the Internet, into a giant shouting match about what is a dow? What does decentralization mean? What does governance mean? What's the point of a treasury? What's your guys take on the Aragon Raider drama?
Speaker E: I'll start just by saying that Aragon was extremely early on the bandwagon of decentralized governance and tooling. They were writing frameworks and libraries and voting systems and all this stuff years before, really, there was much traction for daos in general, came before, I think, a lot of the use case. And what's interesting is that since then, every community has sort of had to make up its own mind about what frameworks to use. Makerdao was also an early pioneer of having their own approach that was not part of the Aragon stack. When compound was designing a governance system, we wrote one from the ground up, from scratch, having looked at Aragon, having looked at Makerdao, having looked at other systems, to say, oh, well, we want something that isn't those things. And in the multiple years since, we've seen a lot of other governance frameworks and tooling pop up. Snapshot has been incredibly popular for essentially off chain voting using tokens and governance has really come a long way. And one of the things I haven't really seen a lot of traction for at all is the Aragon stack. I don't know of any major defi protocols or communities that are using. I'm sure there are some.
Speaker B: Curve is the curve is the number.
Speaker E: One user of Aragon, but I don't see it that frequently. And so the thing that surprises me the most is that Aragon itself, Dao, is relying so much on off chain systems versus on chain tooling. Like, the craziest part of the story you just told is that all of the assets are existing in some traditional legal entity off chain under the control of people that have nothing to do with on chain governance. And so I think if there's any one action item for them to do, it's to sort of embrace and embody on chain governance more than they currently do.
Speaker C: So here's the crux of the question is, like, is this an attack? First of all, what does an attack mean in this context? Somebody's saying, look, screw what you're doing. This is stupid. Take all the treasury out and give it back to token holders. Is that an attack or is that legitimate Dao governance?
Speaker D: Yeah, I think to Robert's point, you have to appreciate the irony of the RFV and Arca have done this to a few of their protocols. So rook, for example, they basically forced to dissolve and return most of their treasury. We have to appreciate some of the irony in this attacking happening to a Dao tooling company, not having an actual on chain Dao. But I think maybe one point of clarification is that it was actually placefolder who almost over a year ago put together the proposal to migrate to a true on chain Dao managed treasury and it was passed and it was just like never implemented. So it wasn't like from the beginning, Arka was trying to force them to do that. It was the token holders legitimately wanted this over a year ago and they just never responded. And of course now that push comes a shove, they're sort of refusing to. And so I think in some respects they're kind of acting in bad faith and that it was not that they're not turning over the treasury because of this attack, but they just weren't doing it in the first place and not really responding to token holders. I do feel like it's pretty damning for them. I agree with a lot of what Robert said. They have missed the boat on a lot of everything that's happened in Daos and everything that's happening in crypto. And effectively the market is saying that you've created negative $25 million in equity value. I think at some point you kind of look yourself in the mirror and think about what you are doing versus continuing to suckle on the teat of the Dow for a fat salary, which is what they've been doing for the past however many years. I don't know. I don't think you're, if you want to be a Dao and you want to be liable to token holders, then I think you have to commit to that. You can't just sort of LARP as it and then, you know, try to get rid of it when it becomes inconvenient.
Speaker B: Yeah, I guess. Yeah. In the similar vein, I don't, I don't definitely don't really consider it an attack. I think if you agree to community owned assets like this is just, you know, you can reduce likelihood or make it more expensive or change structure, but theres inevitably going to be some way because thats what it means to have distributed asset management to some extent. I think the weird thing about Aragon to me is theres this first mover disadvantage. So I think in late 2017, early 2018, governance was almost a weaselly bad word. The only daos that existed were like, that had users were like Moloch and Dxdao. Not to give people throwback, nostalgia and Aragon. And at that time it was considered really bad. To talk about governance. Why? Because of the Dao hack on ethereum. Everyone would just be like, oh, you're just doing that again. You're just doing that again. And Aragon, to their credit, in spite of all of that, kept kind of trudging through. And you could argue that the only two people of the 2017 era who really, their entire thing was based off governance that made it to 2020, like the promised land of not crashing and burning, were Tezos and Aragon, who are really focused on governance as a first class primitive. And there's sort of this weird thing that Tezos did continue to do stuff. I mean, they had to as a layer one, whereas Aragon kind of didn't. The only time, other than curve stuff that I've ever really interacted with, Aragon is the thing that people kind of make fun of Aragon for, which was Aragon court. So instead of building on chain Dao, moving their treasury on chain, they built this thing where you could vote on penalties to particular DAO members and have a court that a jury of peer DAo members who vote on whether to slash you or take some of your assets. I don't know. The fact that they were like, not only did they miss the plot, but they went off this very weird end was kind of a little bit odd to me. But it's also crazy because they did convince a lot of really big projects to use them in 2020. Curve, and I believe the earlier version of Lido had some elements, and they actually had reasonably okay tooling, but then they just kind of went off. This Aragon court thing, I think, thing was very weird. It got rid of a lot of the on chain niceties. So, yeah, I agree. Negative equity value is negative equity value. And, I mean, they're unclear if they're tokens in equity or security. I'm not making any such judgment. Negative token holder, redeemable value, let's say, is negative.
Speaker C: Yeah, we need a new word for whatever that is, but there's definitely a concept there that needs to be reified.
Speaker B: And I think it's healthy for a market to do this when it's correcting. Right. Like, reallocation of assets from things that aren't working to things that are. That is the inevitable word of capitalists. Right? Like, yeah, capitalism. So, like, I don't understand how this wouldn't happen.
Speaker C: Yeah, no, it's true. It's funny, you know, crypto in some way. Like, daos are at this weird intersection where crypto is both very kind of libertarian free market in one way, but then daos are also kind of like this sort of socialist co op utopianism. And Aragon is sitting in this weird intersection of the two where the free market ness of crypto is like, hey, this is a misallocation of resources. Let's go fix it. And the token holders, it's up to they can decide, hey, we think it's not economically ideal for these assets to be sitting in the treasury, but then they have this Kumbaya like, no, our mission is to advance the existence of Daos. And so we're going to give out $50,000 grants forever, and we'll just sit on this money until it eventually runs out. I feel like Aragon reminds me a lot of. You guys know the story of the japanese holdouts after World War two. There was some general who was stranded on some random island, and they just kept thinking world War two was still on until the fifties or something, and they just kept fighting. They didn't know how to do anything other than fight. And I feel like that's Aragon. Aragon is still stuck in 2019, and the only thing they know how to do is just hold onto the money and wait until at some point, everybody is going to use Daos and 2021 and the Dow market came and went and nobody was okay. They had a couple clients, but mostly people were not using Aragon. They were using the compound stack and they were using a bunch of other stuff, but they're still waiting to. And these guys showing up and say, hey, guys, guess what? The war is over. Let's give the money back. Come on. And they're like, no, no. Daos must succeed. Like, you don't understand. You're taking away the Daos. And I feel bad for them in a sense, but I can't remember who it was. I spoke to somebody who'd worked at Aragon. Oh, I actually remember who it is. Somebody told me they'd worked at Aragon for a little while. This was like 2019, I think. 2018, 2019. And they were telling me Aragon had so much money and the attitude there was that basically, look, we have ten plus years of Runway. We're basically just going to wait. We're going to wait until the world changes its mind about the Aragon stack, and until then, we're just going to hang out and write blog posts. It was a very depressing place to work for that reason, which, if you're somebody who wants to build something and do stuff, Aragon is just where nothing really happens. So it is a really unhealthy place. And I think I can see how you get defensive like this, where you're like, oh, my God. Token holders want us to give the money in the treasury back, which, to be clear, distributing the money in the treasury to token holders doesn't prevent you from continuing to proselytize about DAos. You can do that, write blog posts all day long. This stuff is not that expensive to do.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think you give them too much credit in terms of being missionaries around Daos. I think maybe in the beginning, sure, but at this point, like, I'm sure a very cushy job. I mean, I was looking on chain. There's like millions of dollars in USDC flowing out of that treasury, you know, every month or so. And so it's like, yeah, it's a job with zero accountability. You can pay yourself whatever you want. I don't know. I think it's kind of gross.
Speaker C: Okay, fair enough. Okay. I'm giving the benefit of the doubt. I don't actually know Aragon people.
Speaker B: Tom has the strongest opinions here.
Speaker D: Yeah. As much as it pains me to support Arca, I gotta back him up here also. I mean, the fact is we're not even really debating if the funds are being misappropriated or not. It's like the vote doesn't even matter. It's not even really a doubt. It's very different than the rook situation in that the vote doesn't even really matter because it's not binding in any way. So the whole situation is kind of absurd.
Speaker B: Also, RFV stands for real fucking value. Is that right?
Speaker D: No, risk free value.
Speaker E: The idea being if a treasury has a bunch of ether in it, risk free to buy it or less.
Speaker C: Real fucking value. I like this rebrand. I like this rebrand. That's what I should go.
Speaker B: Sorry, sorry. I read some article that was claiming it was that, and I was like, really? This is, like, weird.
Speaker C: That is like, LFG. It's kind of adjacent RFV. Okay.
Speaker B: Sorry, apologies to the RFV people for misunderstanding your name.
Speaker C: I'm sure their feelings are not easily hurt if they're doing this.
Speaker D: Speaking of this, recently, I was thinking about this also with the BTFP bank term funding program. Do you think they intended to make it sound like BTFD? Like it's. It's too close and too similar to.
Speaker E: No, I think. I think that's a accidental homage. I don't think, like, I don't think they're, like, on, like, crypto Twitter being like, you know, what would really cause people like Tom to ask questions, like, about whether or not we made a meme, but BTF.
Speaker B: But BTFD is beyond crypto, though. It is like, you know, it's like Wall street bets also writes that. So it has surpassed, I'm sure some.
Speaker D: Staffer wrote it up. And, you know, it's sort of like a subtle thing versus being intentional, maybe. I don't know.
Speaker E: I think they literally take whatever words they want to use that like, sort of make a maybe a word and like, that's a word. Like, do you guys remember Tarp? Like, that just sounded silly, you know, and it became the number one word.
Speaker C: That did not suck.
Speaker B: I mean, well, it sort of like.
Speaker C: Tarp over you, protect you from all the fallout. You know, I could see it. I, you know, to be honest, when the word tarp, it did give me this feeling of like, shit's really bad and you need just something to protect you. All we got is this tarp, and then that's all that's going to keep you alive. I mean, I was like, okay, that.
Speaker D: Actually, what about the, the COVID Cares act? You know, all sorts of cute things.
Speaker E: Going on Congress and totally wordpressed these things very deliberately.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker E: Like, whenever you see their program, it's always like, yes, rocket. Like, you know, read only, you know, comma, you know?
Speaker B: But actually imagine, imagine if someone convinced the fed officials to go to Zuzalu to become intentional about their naming. That would be hilarious.
Speaker C: Okay, I want to ask you for. We move off this topic. Before we move on this topic, I want to ask one more question. Um, so we, we asked, like, okay, is what Aragon is doing cool? And the answer is no. Um, what about what real fucking value is doing? Uh, do we feel that what RFV is doing is good I for crypto, or is this bad for crypto? What's your guys feeling about?
Speaker E: Well, I think it actually brings up a more important point, which is whether it's defi or tradfi, it's fi, it's finance. Okay. And those people in RFE are just being the Carl icon of Defi. Yes, it's a newer and smaller market, but the stuff they're doing, which is essentially just activist investing, is extremely old. And so they're just taking some, like, very basic principles and applying it to a small niche, newer market that really hasn't seen this stuff before. And I think it's just an inevitable consequence. Obviously, someone's going to be out there creating RFE because the ecosystem allows it. I think it's far less shocking than the crypto native financial activity. I'll just use activity in a nice way like MEV and things that are far more profitable and far more directly taking money out of users hands that couldn't really, and don't really, in the same way exist in other forms of finance, but only exist in on chain finance. And so I don't think RFV is really unique or innate to defi. I think it's inevitable. And it's really just a generic economic activity. It's not new.
Speaker C: Well, so here's the interesting thing, though, in my mind, is like, for something, what Aragon was doing in defending against this, defending against this attack was that it's kind of like the closest thing that they could do to a poison pill. For those of you who dont know, a poison pill is basically a defense against an activist investor. That basically allows you to dilute the active investor in a way that doesnt dilute everybody else. Its a defense mechanism against somebody taking over too much ownership that you dont want them to. Famously, this is what happened to Elon Musk, is that they threatened to do a poison pill. Twitter was threatening to do a poison pill against him. Now, we don't have anything like that in Defi. The closest thing we have is basically what Aragon did, which is basically, look, we won't listen to the DAO. That's effectively what Aragon decided to do. Now, this is a case where the proposals that were being made were actually equitable to all token holders. The proposal was, let's return the capital to everybody, and everyone gets made equally in corporate governance. In normal corporate governance, there are certain kinds of proposals that are just illegitimate. Like, for example, you can't take over a company and then say, all of the money in the company goes only to me and to nobody else, and then vote. It voted into passing because it's not equitably treating all shareholders. We don't have anything like that for tokens that can say, look, even if you have a majority of the token voting power, you say, look, everybody who votes, only people who vote on this proposal get all the money in the treasury, and then 30% vote against, 70% vote for it. Now, 70% of people raided the treasury, and basically 30% of people got stiffed. There's nothing in Dow governance intrinsically that stops that. So it does feel like if we're moving into this world, basically kind of, you know, activist investors, corporate raiders, whatever you want to call this, then we kind of need more robust mechanisms to prevent from basically inequitable outcomes. And looking at this, I'm like, okay, well, shit like, the proposal I just described could very easily have gotten passed instead of the proposal that was actually put forward.
Speaker E: Well, actually, a similar proposal, if I remember correctly, was either proposed or succeeded or maybe occurred back during Faye and Rari and their merger, their unwind. Someone who was pissed off said, like, oh, if you do this thing, I'll pay every voter such a way. I don't know if that wound up going through, but they basically tried to have this economic incentives for voting to build a majority. Someone on Twitter might remember the details of how that went down, but.
Speaker D: Yeah, I know what you're talking about. I think there was also, obviously for Faye, the concern of if hack victims should be considered debtors and potentially superior or senior to token holders in the event of liquidation. And there's some kerfuffle about that. But, yeah, I mean, I feel you. Like, obviously that kind of proposal will be pretty unpalatable, but would work if they actually did have on demand governance, which, again, they don't. So there's a little bit of a moot point. But, yeah, I mean, I think poison pills are obviously in many ways self serving to the current board, right? Like, they're not actually thinking about maximizing shareholder value. They're thinking about how, hey, how can I retain this current role and keep doing the thing that I'm currently doing, which I think is kind of the mindset that Aragon has. This is fundamentally about sort of correcting the market. They're like people who get trying to ban short sellers. In my mind, this is spiritually similar. They play an important role in pricing things correctly and allocating capital correctly. And right now, capital is being pretty grossly misallocated in the Aragon treasury.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think I find this to be a very generically positive development has nothing to do with Aragon in particular, as much as, just like, if crypto is going to be a real market that continues to grow, it's going to have to just overall improve allocative efficiency. There's like. No, that's just like the second law of thermodynamics of capitalism, right? Like, either you die or you get better at allocative efficiency. Those are the two options. And, like, clearly that's not happening here. I do think the interesting thing as a sort of ironic spin off Aragon is that there's a whole world of what I would call, like, what DeFi should look like next. Right now, we've, like, really, Defi has spent the last couple of years focusing on trading and leverage in some fashion, but it hasn't spent much. And governance is the bare minimum of the investment banking automation layer, like the compound governance stack or Aragon governance stack. But there's a whole other set of investment banking things to do for protocols, like how do you do m and a correctly? How do you do these dividending vote type of systems that in normal finance you can't do? Because you can't really discriminate between the different voters of different classes or different things programmatically of thing Hazib is talking about. Basically impossible to do with stocks with equities, but you could totally program that into governance. It's like five lines of code to do that. So I think the opportunity, I guess, maybe future looking, is that all of these investment banking functions can be protocolized for doing this type of stuff in a more efficient way. And I think that's what we're going to see over the next year or two.
Speaker C: Very interesting. Well, I agree with you guys that this was obviously the story is not over, but it's a very fascinating case study of what happens when governance stops being quite so Pollyanna ish, and we start coming up against the hard reality of how these projects are actually delivering value. So let's move on. One of the other big stories has been this. I think almost everybody at this point is aware of the craziness going on on bitcoin, as well as the meme coin frenzy that's been going on both on bitcoin and ethereum. But a lot of it today is really focused on what's happening on bitcoin, because it's so rare for this to be happening on bitcoin. So I think we alluded to a little bit before ordinals, and I think previously we were a little bit dismissive of what was happening in ordinals land. Well, it has grown to become an absolute force of nature. It's driven up bitcoin fees by over 100 x since it began, just to pull some stats. So the total value. So there are two things actually going on now on BTC. So one is ordinals, which are the inscriptions themselves that we talked about. But there's also this new thing which is using the same kind of general protocol, which is called BRC twenties, and BRC twenties are basically ERC 20s on bitcoin that are using the same mechanism of jumping onto taproot scripts to basically just encode ownership of a fungible token instead of non fungible tokens, which are ordinals themselves. So the total value of BTC ordinals and BRC twenties was basically approaching. As of May 8, it was approaching over $900 million of total value. Over 20,000 weekly actives on the biggest market, which is called Unisat. Volume spiked all the way up to 18 million, which was more than the volume on Opensea. Now today it's down quite a bit. So it seems like volumes are coming down. Theres a lot of arguing now about whats happening on bitcoin. So one, its massively increasing fees which for people who are trying to use bitcoin for ordinary stuff, their fees are now in the tens of dollars to interact with bitcoin, just sending ordinary Utxo transactions. But then the second thing is that theres a big debate now going on within the bitcoin community. Is this good for bitcoin? Is this bad for bitcoin? This kind of makes bitcoin more difficult to use for traditional payment use cases. Maybe this is good because this allows bitcoin to become sustainable without fees or this is just a bunch of nonsense that's bloating the Utxo set and ultimately is kind of a giant time waster. You should put this crap on ethereum. So bitcoin maxis seem to be quite split on is ordinals good? Is ordinals bad? What have you guys observations been on the meme coin frenzy going on on bitcoin?
Speaker B: The largest meme coin on bitcoin is a meme coin made by Zen XCN, which has historically been a gas fee attractor, let's say on other chains, in that they build protocols that try to maximize gas usage to generate fees. It's not that surprising that the Zen community, the moment that they saw this, they went in and put up a very gas inefficient on purpose protocol. You might think that that's bad for a particular protocol, but the Zen community, like the hex community, is this thing that people don't talk about, but is insane. If you ever go look at their discord, you'll be like, how are there this many people?
Speaker C: Wait, is Zen a rebrand of hex?
Speaker B: It's a hex community fork. But if I call it a fork, the Hex Maxis will be after me. So it's someone who started in the hex community and shares some amount of code with the hex code base and the pulse chain code base. The fact that I know this tells you I talked to Eric Wall, so it's not like I really. The hex community, of course, is quite gross to me to steal Tom's earlier word, just more the weird materialism of the.
Speaker D: There's something kind of beautiful. About Eric Wall being like the taproot ordinals guy and also the anti hex guy, and then Zen being like the ordinals application.
Speaker B: Is it?
Speaker D: Right? It's poetic.
Speaker B: It's poetic. It's amazing. It's amazing.
Speaker C: Wait, I do not understand. How can Zen run an application and collect fees on bitcoin using.
Speaker B: No, no, no. They write very gas inefficient code that emit has very high inflation, or like, has these like, ponzi scheme dynamics. And their entire thing is about writing code that costs a lot to use, which sounds very unintuitive and it makes no sense. Their entire Ponzi scheme is on ethereum.
Speaker C: Or this is on bitcoin.
Speaker B: It started on ethereum, but they are now on bitcoin. And they are the largest. They're the largest ordinal. It's xf. I'm trying to remember the exact four letters.
Speaker D: This isn't Vampirex, is it like VM? Yes, yes.
Speaker B: Vampirex. Yeah. And all that. And that's the reason it's called that, because the goal of this community is they tie their inflation of their token, or number of mints to the transaction fees used. So the more transaction fee is used, the higher their token emission. And it's like, it obviously is unsustainable. They just keep moving from chain to chain to chain, and it blows up, goes to the next chain.
Speaker C: What?
Speaker B: Sorry, Haseeb. Haseeb, I'm really sorry. I see you rubbing your head and I'm not trying to, I'm not trying to hurt, give you a headache.
Speaker C: I'm having a really hard time understanding why you would do that.
Speaker B: It's not rational. But the hex community is not very rational. They've all lost insane amounts of money and they have this still, this belief that it's all coming back. If you need to see the hex memes, the hex memes are a way to destroy your brain cells.
Speaker E: Obviously. It's incredibly wasteful that theyre basically trying to say, the more you waste, the more tokens you get. Its the same economic principle as if you just dig a bunch of holes or break a bunch of glass windows. Its good for the economy. Its not, youre actually creating a deadweight loss. And so theyre going to long term be losers. But whats interesting is actually a similar concept, if I remember this correctly, existed on Ethereum way back in the day, and it wasnt actually utilized. Feel free to correct me if I'm getting this slightly off, but this is what I remember. There was the ability to make or mint ERC 20 tokens with the sort of like mining coinbase where like as blocks were made, you could like program your ERC 20 to mint for whoever the miner was. So one of the ideas about how tokens would be created was, oh, you could piggyback on the proof of work that was already existing on Ethereum, not creating any additional work or any additional transaction costs, but use it as a way of distributing the supply of a token across the miners of Ethereum itself. So basically think of it like merge mining, but with zero actual mining. So piggybacking and you could actually implement. And this is like, I don't know, this must have been like 2016, 2017 era, the ability to mint tokens with each block mined to the miner. And I don't think that ever took off. No one ever launched a successful token that utilized this. I assume this code is still there maybe, or got removed at some point. But this was an idea that was popular then and was part of the protocol that you could use and like, no one ever launched it. And if the hex community was around all the way back then, maybe they would have.
Speaker B: They are launching something very similar in Pulsechain, which is their own trun.
Speaker C: How do you know all the, like the roadmap of all Tarun.
Speaker E: Tarun doesn't sleep and he's a member of 490 discords.
Speaker B: All I have to say is Eric Wallace, you know, bless his.
Speaker C: We're gonna need to get Eric on the show at some point.
Speaker B: Actually, we should get him on the show. Actually, we should have him as a guest to talk about ordinals because he is like the ultimate expert.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: I'm just parroting what I learn. I'm parroting what I learned. So we should actually just have him talk about.
Speaker C: Didn't him and Udi launch something like some. They are, they are. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay.
Speaker B: Think of it sort of, you could think of it as like the open sea, an open sea of ordinals. But like in a weird way for handling these BRC twenties and all that.
Speaker C: I feel like now is the moment for every kind of bitcoin maxi to like do their NFT drop effectively. Like we need Nick Carter to drop something and then it'll just be kind of every. Everybody who's got a bunch of social cloud they haven't monetized yet. Now's your chance to do it in bitcoin land.
Speaker B: I mean, the best thing is to read the bitcoin developer forum. So that's the part I find more interesting. And you just read the two sides of the. Yes, we're generating fees and the, oh, my God. We need to censor these transactions and get rid of them. I know Censor is a bad word, but censor. And it's, like, hilarious to read these.
Speaker C: Oh, man. Oh, man. Yeah. It's in a way, the kind of poetic justice within crypto. That bitcoin, which is the most stalwart, most sort of august and serious protocol that's like, no. We're about transferring large amounts of value very efficiently. And it's like, oh, shit. Our chain is getting clogged up by, like, you know, random nfts and meme coins. And that's the only way that there are actually enough fees to be comparable to the block reward. And now bitcoin is now convulsed with this face to face with the stupidity of what crypto people actually want to do, which is to speculate on meme coins. Yeah, this is the world that we live in now. That said, the mania seems to be dying down, although there are obviously false starts in the history of NFT. So it's possible that this might be a temporary lull. But, yeah, I mean, the same thing has been happening on Ethereum. There's been a lot of meme coin activity on Ethereum. Pepe very famously has blown through a billion dollar plus market cap. Now it's down quite a bit from the highs. What do you guys think is driving this? Seems kind of random. Seems like it sort of came out of nowhere. Maybe it's just like the NFT traders got bored and now it's time to play around with meme coins.
Speaker E: I heard that CZ invented Pepe.
Speaker B: You heard it here.
Speaker C: First confirmed news. That is confirmed news. CZ doing first. That's right. We are a leader in breaking news that we heard from a guy.
Speaker D: I did see Coinbase writes these informational pages for assets that they list, or I think assets that just exist. I don't think they've listed Pepe. And on the pepe one they said, oh, it's affiliated with the alt right and the Proud Boys or whatever. And then Paul gruel that the CLO had to issue a retraction and an apology, and he's like, I apologize to the pepe community.
Speaker B: Oh, my God, you got back strong. That was the funniest tweet of the week. By far. By far. Coinbase. The general council really won this week.
Speaker C: Yeah. Welcome back to crypto. Okay, well, yeah, it's been weird. Well, I guess. Let's see what happens. Hopefully we can get Eric on to kind of walk us through the circus that we're currently living in on bitcoin land. So, other news. So there's been, obviously over the last few months, a lot of pressure on market making firms, not just the fact that of course they lost a lot of money and just the market going down and exchanges blowing up and lenders dying, but also in many of the indictments that have been brought down or many of the lawsuits that have been filed, there's been a lot of references to trading firms basically getting up to no good. So there was a report by Bloomberg that both jump, which is a large crypto trading firm, as well as Jane street, which is also. They make a lot of markets, obviously broadly in equities and other asset classes, but they're very active in crypto that both of them are starting to pull back from their crypto market making activities in the US. They are citing regulatory uncertainty and increased scrutiny. There was also recently a class action lawsuit that was filed against jump with respect to their involvement in the alleged involvement in the terra depegging debacle. So it seems like a very tough time for market making firms in the US, especially given the lack of clarity that we have domestically. In addition to that, we've also seen liquidity dry up and trading volumes also dry up over the last three to four months. It's strange, although prices have done very well since the beginning of the year, bitcoin is up like 60 something percent since the beginning of the year. Volumes are down a lot and liquidity is down even more. So what do you guys think happens from here with respect to the trading firms?
Speaker E: Well, just from a very simple laws of financial physics perspective, if they all go away, liquidity will be less and volatility will be higher. I think its hard to anticipate what impact that would have on the market as a whole. Its possible that thats what people innately want. They want volatility and they want things to be going up and down wildly, and thats exciting. But on the other hand, its hard to predict. And so it could just be fundamentally bad for asset prices. Imagine if bitcoin is just less liquid and more volatile. But that was also the days of yore when every day crypto would move 10%. Nowadays it feels a lot less volatile, and im sure you could look at volatility over time and maybe it is starting to increase over the last couple of days. But I anticipate that the average retail trader might want more volume.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think we can see a lot of that. And I agree. I do have to imagine some of the regulatory stuff is probably factoring in, but I suspect a lot of it, frankly, is just there is much less lend on the market right now, just in terms of overall liquidity. And so if you're a crypto market maker, it's like sourcing inventory is going to be harder, volumes are down, there's probably less retail activity, so it's probably less profitable. And so I think by and large, it's probably more just market driven than anything else versus, oh, we're scared of trading on binance now, and so we're refusing to do so.
Speaker B: Another thing is, I think this is not just true for crypto. If I remember correctly, even us equity volume is down. A lot of people just went super risk off and whoever's left has been pushing the price up. But yeah, I guess because the bond market has been so wild, there's been way more capital there. The yield curve is inverted and uninverted so many times this year, especially at the short duration stuff over whatever government debt ceiling, the 5 million things that have happened this year, that the rates market seems to have taken a lot of liquidity from everywhere else. And that's a macro thing that is also somewhat independent of crypto. But I do think that the regulatory pressure must be high because all the people who removed were also heavy on chain traders. And some of them have notable changes on chain, which I thought that seems more regulatory related than other things.
Speaker C: If it was like tower or some of these other groups, I would think, okay, maybe it's just not profitable anymore. Jump, I feel like it must be deep in their DNA at this point that crypto makes money. So if they're backing off, I have to assume that it's more for regulatory reasons, because jump was active through the last bear market as well. They've been very, very steadfast in their commitment to the industry. And I feel like the biggest thing that I noticed generally among whether it's trading firms, whether it's institutions, whether it's individuals, if you've made money from crypto and cash it out, you always come back. You just have this association with crypto, that crypto is a good thing, and I like it, and I want to be close to it, and I never want to get too far. Even in a bear market, I want to hang around the rim. I think for jump, my overwhelming sense is that it must be because of regulation, not because of. They don't think that they can afford. The profitability is not there right now. I think that they're willing to invest for the long run. They made so much money in the bull market.
Speaker B: Yeah. I suspect it's more regulatory stuff. But the interesting thing is the nice thing about the global open market of cryptos, there's always someone else who will show up. I do think even if the biggest market makers leave, there's going to be a new exchange somewhere else and there's going to be market makers from that venue, that jurisdiction, that region of the world. And probably my suspicion is it's going to be somewhere in the Middle east or related to that. But we'll see.
Speaker C: Right now, binance is in the Middle east and Coinbase.
Speaker B: Right? I mean, Coinbase, like Brian Armstrong went there this week, right. And did a whole roadshow with all their officials. So like, yeah, in the UAE. Sorry. And so I wouldn't be surprised if you see some, there's a ton of government incentives also to move there. So I wouldn't be surprised if whoever is the takes over from the us firms or treating is like going to just be based there and doesn't leave there ever.
Speaker C: Yeah, it seems plausible. And I can tell that the UAE is really serious about courting the crypto industry and they're putting a lot of energy and resources into it. It feels like the sort of, it's sort of the Singapore and Mena at this point where they are not only do they have the capital and the capital markets, but also they have this just view on the space that is just very positive. Even in spite of FTX and all the other stuff that's been going on globally, they believe in this stuff. It's interesting. It's kind of adjacent, I feel like, to their interest in esports and gaming. I don't know if you guys know this, but Saudi, particularly Saudi. UAE as well. But Saudi is crazy, crazy big investor into gaming and esports and they're trying to buy up studios and convince them to move to Saudi to create a sort of homegrown game development ecosystem because they're just massive on gaming. And I heard. So when I was there, what I heard was that Saudi, which is not a big country, single digit millions or maybe two digit millions, maybe it's like 20 million people or something in Saudi, I forget exactly, but they have an extremely high penetration of hardcore gamers, which I guess there's not a lot to do in Saudi. I don't know, but there's people just gaming a lot. It's really intense. It's like Japan or something. So the whole society is just very, very bullish on gaming becoming a huge thing. And crypto, I think, for them feels very adjacent to that.
Speaker B: Yeah. I think the us market makers leaving is probably just going to be. Someone will take up that mantle. I don't have any doubt that. It's not like, oh, it disappeared forever. I think if the us government thinks that, then they don't understand the world dynamics.
Speaker C: I think it probably disappears temporarily. But yeah, when volumes come back, I agree it comes back, but right now volumes are low. Retail activation is relatively muted, other than meme coins. But I agree with you about the macro point. Once macro settles down, I think that demand and liquidity is going to come back. But a lot of people are just putting their money into, you know, into, into treasuries right now. So there's, there's not quite as much except circle.
Speaker B: Did you see that? They're like, we're not buying any longer than one month because they're worried about the US defaulting.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker D: Meanwhile, you see tether made like $1.5 billion in profit in Q one and they're, they're rolling it into bitcoin. So it's like, yeah, I don't know.
Speaker E: They'Re taking the interest income and buying bitcoin with it.
Speaker C: Wow. Are they starting that or they've been doing that?
Speaker E: I mean, they don't tell people what they're up to.
Speaker C: That's. Wow, that's impressive. Okay, well, shit. Well, we are, we are up on time. Next time we're gonna, we're gonna do everything we can to get Eric on the next show so we can talk us through the. You, you hit up Eric. Make sure you hit it.
Speaker B: I'm messaging him right now.
Speaker C: Okay, perfect. All right, that's it for this week. Thanks, everybody.
