Speaker A: Hey unchained listeners. As you know, its hard keeping up with the fast paced world of crypto, so weve got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. youll get the latest crypto news in original articles from our reporters, as well as summaries of other happenings in bullet points. Plus, our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. Its still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot. Again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot.
Speaker B: Not a dividend, its a tale of tuqwan.
Speaker C: Now your losses are on someone elses balance sheet.
Speaker D: Generally speaking, airdrops are kind of pointless anyways.
Speaker C: I named trading firms who were very involved.
Speaker E: Pollock Eth is the ultimate defi.
Speaker F: Protocols are the antidote to this problem.
Speaker C: Hello, everyone. Welcome to the chopping block. Every couple of weeks, the four of us get together and give the industry insiders perspective on the crypto topics of the day. Quick intros. First out, we got Tom, the defi maven and master of memes. Next up, we've got Robert, the crypto connoisseur and captain of compound. Next, we've got Tarun, the giga brain and grand poo bah at Gauntlet. And joining us today, special guest, we've got Pac man, the baron of Blur. And then, finally, you've got myself. I'm haseed, the head hype man at Dragonfly. So the four of us are early stage investors in crypto, but I want to caveat that nothing we say here is an investment advice, legal advice, or even life advice. Please see chopping block XYZ for more information. So, Pac man, great to have you on the show. I see you're here in flesh and bone. I assume that's what you really look like.
Speaker B: The real human Pac man.
Speaker C: Yeah, the real human Pac man. You know, usually I see that you don't present as yourself, but I'm glad for this show. You've unveiled your. Your true colors. Great to have you joining us, man.
Speaker B: Thank you, sir. Thanks for having me.
Speaker C: It's got to have been a crazy week for you. So quick. By way of background, Pac man is one of the founders of Blur. Uh, he is operating pseudonymously. I want to caveat before we get into the show, that dragonfly. We are investors in the blur token. So we're you know, full, full disclosures. But this, it's basically within the last week that the Blur airdrop has gone live and the token has started trading. And uh, you guys are now by far the biggest publicly tradeable NFT token. Uh, how does it feel? It must be absolutely crazy for you.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's been absolutely incredible. Definitely very satisfied with the results so far.
Speaker C: Fair enough. Satisfies a good answer.
Speaker E: Wow, that sounds like an earnings call type of phrase.
Speaker C: Robert, you're the only other person here who's had a token launch besides Tom and his meme token. You're the only other one who's had a real legit token launch. I don't know because I've never had that experience and I hope never to because it sounds horrifying.
Speaker F: Wait, there's no dragonfly token? When's the Dragonfly airdrop?
Speaker C: You guys are definitely eligible when it's live. But so far we're, you know, we don't want, we don't reveal too much about the, the criteria for mining it. But what does it feel like? What does it tell me what it's like to launch a token? What does it feel like?
Speaker B: Yeah, honestly, it's mainly exhaustion. You know. In the 48 hours leading up to the token launch, I literally did not sleep. So it was like 05:00 a.m. and we were slated for a 09:00 a.m. pt, you know, 12:00 p.m. eT token launch and there was just still some like final to dos to finish up. So I was like, okay, I'm going to try to like sleep for 30 minutes. Closed my eyes for 30 minutes, could not sleep, woke up, had a coffee, you know, went through the token launch. We delayed 90 minutes, of course, and then launched and it was just like absolutely insane. Everything held up, which was phenomenal. And then I had a few interviews later in the day and still was not able to sleep until probably around like three, four am that evening, so first time in my life that I stayed up for 48 hours straight, which was quite interesting.
Speaker C: Wow, that's intense. Robert, what was the day that you launched comp token like? It was a very different time.
Speaker F: I don't even remember at this point. It was so many years ago. I just remember the excitement of wondering what would happen next and wondering, you know, how would it get used and wondering when would it get used and wondering was there a bug at that point, most of the code was tested but new. And at this point, governance tokens and governance systems are run of the mill. But really it was just a sense of just wondering what would happen next because it was in 2020, it was a very different era and there was a lot less tokens being launched. And so I feel like for anyone that's gone through the process, it's mostly just curious observation, does it feel like.
Speaker C: It'S different to launch token today than it was back then, or is it basically the same adrenaline rush as it must have been in 2020?
Speaker F: Well, in 2020, it was scary, right, because there's so many fewer of them now, I feel like there's a playbook. And granted, everyone innovates on the playbook, and Blur is not doing it the exact same way as everyone else does, but then it was anxiety inducing.
Speaker C: I can imagine. Okay, well, so speaking of the playbook. So I wanted to kind of structure this episode as a bit of a case study because Blur has been one of the most incredible kind of developments of a new product in crypto. And there's a lot of really interesting things you guys have done strategically to break into the NFT market, the market of NFT marketplaces. So I'm going to do a little bit of setup before we jump into kind of getting your perspective around the strategy of how you've done blur. But a lot of people, I think, who are listening probably don't know that much about Blur or even about the history of how blur came to be. And so the history of that really starts with Opensea. So Opensea, I think everybody in crypto knows Opensea, the largest NFT platform historically, they basically had a monopoly going into essentially mid 2022. They were the dominant platform by far. When NFTs really kicked off in late 2020, last year, they did $21 billion in GMV. They had over $500 million in fees, raised enormous amounts of capital at really crazy valuations. Opensea, historically, they always enforced royalties, and royalties are going to be kind of at the center of a lot of the conversation and the strategy that blur really innovated on. So for a lot of people. So we had a big debate about royalties on the chopping block. This was like, I don't know, three months ago, back when Magic Eden first turned off royalties. And for those of you who didn't catch that, royalties are basically when, anytime there's a trade of an NFT, if you enforce royalties, that basically means that you're enforcing a percentage of that trade as a fee to go back to the NFT issuer. So if Yugalabs, they're the issuer of bored apes, if you trade a bored ape, then if this marketplace is enforcing royalties, they will take x percent of that trade and they'll send it back to Yuga labs as a fee for any time their collection is traded. Historically, these were always enforced. Now royalties, though, are not enforceable at the protocol layer. There is no way to enforce royalties directly in the code. And this is kind of the weird thing about royalties that a lot of people don't understand. Royalties are actually more of a norm than they are something embedded into the software. So now this norm has always been enforced basically because, you know, in part because Opensea just dominated the market and everybody kind of understood that, like, well, you know, this is part of the ethos of NFTs, is that you do these royalty things and it's all good. But then came Sudo swap. Sudoswap was the first really dominant NFT marketplace that did not enforce royalties. It was an amm. And the amms, they just decided not to do royalties and they started gaining a lot of market share. That pushed magic Eden to start not enforcing royalties. And that triggered the conversation that we had about this big NFT royalty debate. And then Opensea finally felt the pressure to do something. But what they did was very interesting. What they did was that they allowed you to continue enforcing royalties on Opensea only if you blocked competitors that did not enforce royalties. So, Pakma, talk us through what that was like. When you guys saw Opensea going through this move, what did you think? How did you understand what they were doing strategically? Because Blur was already live at that point.
Speaker B: Yeah, it was quite interesting. You know, you're totally right that it kicked off with Sudo, and it's somewhat of a, basically a prisoner's zoma when it comes to royalty enforcement across marketplaces. And Sudo was kind of the first defector, you know, in the space. And what happened from there was within a month of Sudo's launch, Gem, which is actually owned by OpenSea, integrated Sudo into its aggregator. And gem at the time was. Was the leading marketplace aggregator, NFT aggregator. Basically it lets, you know, buy listings across marketplaces. You know, Blur is now the largest aggregator and marketplace by far, but at the time, Jem was the largest and they integrated sudo. And it was quite a surprising move because from our perspective, it seemed to be antithetical to opensea's entire position. It seemed like it would cannibalize their own business. Why would you actively support a protocol that is circumventing a fee that you're adding into your own marketplace? And it was very clear to us that it would kickstart this domino effect. That would be, you know, something that the entire space in general didn't want. So what happened after was after Gem integrated Sudo within three days, x two, y two, which was another leading marketplace at the time, prior to Blur's launch, they went to optional royalties immediately, and they cited Gems move as the reason for why. And then now both of those marketplaces were gaining share due to a lower fee structure. And we launched, and basically our goal was to pull traders away from those zero royalty marketplaces by giving them a carrot. And the carrot was we're going to give a larger airdrop to traders who honor some royalties, at least compared to honoring no royalties. And then within a few weeks, there are a few hot collections that launched that blur ended up winning a lot of volume on. And then Opensea came out with this approach. And it was somewhat surprising to us because there are two reasons why it was surprising. One was it fundamentally altered the culture of the space where it suddenly became okay for collection creators to put in whitelists or blacklists into the native asset. The NFT itself basically introduced centralization into the underlying asset, and that was just, to us, such a slippery slope that was basically against the entire ethos of this space. If you're going to introduce centralization in that way, why not just trade a JPEG on a server and you can pay with eth and it gets you the same thing? You can enforce royalties that way. But it went against what we felt was really awesome about NFTs, which is this permissionless asset that can trade anywhere around the world 24/7 once you own it, you own it. It's yours to do with it what you want. And so they introduced this, and they basically made it okay for the collections to basically start introducing centralization into the underlying asset. And then not only did it do this, but also we know from DeFi that you can't really enforce these types of restrictions at a technical level. Like, if there's always workarounds, you can always create, like, wrappers, you can do code golf. People have tried to make tokens that can't go below a certain value, and it's like it never works. So, so many of these attempts have been made in Defi already. And, you know, at the end of the day, whether you're restricting an ERC 20 or an ERC 721, they're all just tokens that you're restricting. You know, nfts at a technical level, you know, they're still assets on Ethereum. So it was clear to us that, okay, this could be an effective temporary measure, but it's not an effective long term measure. And while ineffective, they also just kind of permanently change the culture of the space at the same time. So it just kind of seemed like a double whammy. That was very unfortunate. We at the time, actually adopted that policy within a week, because we saw that, obviously, opensea at the time was the leading marketplace. It was very clear that there'd be a shift from the creators. If you're just thinking about from an EV perspective, a collection creator basically has to adopt Opensea's filter policy. And then if the royalties were going to be enforced in a temporary state, we might as well, you know, play along in the prisoner's dilemma and cooperate. Because, you know, as long as, for us, as long as there was something that was being adhered to at a cultural level, we thought it was reasonable for us to continue to enforce royalties on those collections until, you know, until someone defected again, effectively. So we adopted it, but it just, it didn't really make sense to us.
Speaker C: Wait, so when you adopted it, did Opensea remove you from that default block list?
Speaker B: No, actually, it was really funny. They. They did not, because, you know, when we adopted it, we said, we'll adopt it for collections that incorporate this filter, but for collections that don't incorporate this filter, and including existing collections, like older collections like Azuki or bored apes, these were really decentralized assets. That's one of the reasons why we think that they're still the blue chips, is that they're really these decentralized assets, and they didn't have any sort of way to restrict the trading. So they could still trade on sudo, they could still trade on x two, y two. So when we considered that, it just didn't make sense to enforce the full royalties on those collections because it was obvious that the traders, who are very price sensitive, they would go to those alternative venues. But they, Opensea basically said, because Blur isn't doing that, they're not going to be removed from the filter list.
Speaker C: I see. So even though you guys are trying to play nice, they're like, no, screw blur. We're not going to take them off. I think a lot of people who are listening to this conversation, who are not very deep in NFTs might be confused about what we keep talking about. Royalties, royalties, royalties, royalties. It seems like royalties is, like, at the heart of this big conflict between all the big marketplaces in NFTs. Maybe just, just to kind of build the intuition. Why are royalties so fraught? Why are they so important? Why are people arguing about them? Because we're not talking about fees, right? Fees are also another element of it, which is that Opensea has the highest take rate of any of the NFT exchanges. But the big fight has been over royalties. Why do you think it is that royalties are this giant battleground?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think a lot of it is path dependency, to be honest. You know, the way. The way the NFT culture started was PFPs, like, larger collections. They weren't the norm. It was initially like one of one art, you know, like small batch collections. And for, like, one of one artists, you know, this whole concept of royalties made a lot of sense because collectors of those collections, they have a very personal relationship with the art, and they have a personal relationship with the artists, and they'll oftentimes want to pay the royalty because they want to honor the artists and help sustain them. It's a really beautiful thing. PFP collections, as they got big, it kind of became the norm to still have the royalties, and it kind of became like the default way that a lot of these collections would monetize, not from like a total monetary perspective, but from like, a cultural perspective. So, you know, if you look at, like, Yuga Labs, for example, like, they make most of their money off of the mints, and actually, a very small proportion of the money that they've made has been off of the royalties. But I think it just kind of became the norm for everyone to expect. When we looked at the market, it seemed rather suboptimal from a value capture perspective for the collection creators, to be honest, because in any sort of financial market, any increase in take rates results in a nonlinear decrease in trading volume. If you decrease the take rates, you can have significantly more trading volume, you can have tighter spreads, more liquidity. There's a lot of things, and then there's a lot of things that can only happen once you have more liquidity. And it felt to us like the space was kind of being held back by this norm that wasn't actually long term optimal, but it was the norm because that's kind of how, you know, how the space started effectively.
Speaker C: That makes sense. Okay, so there's a lot of kind of cultural path dependence to how royalties played out and how they became such a. An important battleground, both symbolically, financially, and even emotionally, for why all these exchanges were fighting with each other over this concept of royalties and trying to enforce them on chain through blacklisting each other and doing all this other complicated stuff.
Speaker E: You could argue that royalties were sort of like liquidity mining for artists, in that it attracted artists at a certain time in 2021, where you're basically arguing that they got this annuity that would be there perpetually. And that's why you should put your art in an NFT. And I think there's just some point at which it became an unreasonable subsidy relative to market friction. Also, by the way, Hastib, we all know this episode is your victory lap episode.
Speaker C: We'll get to that. We'll get to that, get to that. So go ahead, Tom.
Speaker D: No, I totally agree. I think from my conversations with artists and galleries, a lot of them initially viewed digital art has been around for a while, but a lot of them viewed the attraction of NFTs as a reaching a bigger market, but also getting access to the secondary. So it was sort of a very semi famous moment where not an artist, but Mark Cuban was talking about tokenizing Cavs tickets and letting them trade on like an NFT exchange. And then someone was like, no, like, you don't, you can't enforce the royalties on chain. And he's like, wait, what's the point of the tokenization then, if I don't get the second, the secondary fees? And so it's like, I think even somewhat sophisticated people sort of, sort of miss this point.
Speaker E: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. We're calling Mark Cuban, who lost a lot of his money in iron finance, the sophisticated person here. Just checking.
Speaker D: I'm trying to be kind. I'm trying to be kind on the pod today.
Speaker C: So the other thing that always struck me as strange about this story about royalties, and again, I'm trying not to take too much of a victory laugh, because I did predict that this would happen. But the thing that also struck me as strange is that crypto, in crypto, we find a way to tokenize almost everything, pretty much anything that can be on chain, we find some way to break it down into tokens and trade it. But for some reason, people never did that to royalties. They never tokenized their royalty stream and then sold it to third parties. There were a few projects that did this here and there, but it wasn't widespread, it wasn't common. But this seems like the obvious way to understand what royalties are, right? Like, when an artist ends up working with a music label, what they do is they end up basically selling off vast majority of their royalties to the label in order to basically get an upfront payment to allow them to go create art or whatever, and also take away most of their risk. If NFT artists had done this, what they would find is that actually you can just sell this offer, lump sum payment and basically sell it. You know, you could have sold it to the exchange in the first place. So there's nothing about even the nature royalties that guarantees that they're structured as an annuity. If you just sold it off up front, which, you know, you could in principle, then, um, I think the norms would have been very different if, in fact, when royalties were created, that they were initially tokenized and most people would just sold them alongside the initial NFT mint.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think it's, it's very interesting. You know, ultimately, I think especially on, on Twitter, what ends up happening is there's no nuance that's allowed in any of these conversations. And there's nuance at multiple levels. There's nuance in the types of nfTs, right? So like PFP, like large pfps, like Azuki or Yuga, like, those are like venture backed companies. Like, those are startups. And that's a very different beast than like a one of, one artist that sells, like, super rare and a collector that's buying a bunch of art is very different than a retail user who's a newcomer, is very different than a trader who is going to be very price sensitive, is different than like a market maker. And you now, after our token launch, there are a lot more market makers in the space than there were before, which is something that's quite interesting, which is what we were hoping for, ultimately. But basically there are all these different demographics and use cases, and the conversation has only ever been a binary. Will you fully enforce royalties or not fully enforce royalties? And it's like the market has tried to apply a one size fits all solution to a market that is actually very segmented. So it was just like, it was just very surprised. Not surprising, I think. I don't, I'm not surprised anymore, but it was more so just, it was like, okay, this is going to be a short term, like noise, effectively, because this conversation, like the market will do what the market is going to do. This conversation can prevent it for a little bit, but the market is ultimately what's going to win out at the end of the day, and you can't really stop the market forces. So it just seemed kind of like an inevitability, but it was, it was a conversation that lasted for a lot longer than I think it needed to. And we could have focused on more productive conversations, but it wasn't able to just because of the lack of nuance.
Speaker C: 100%. Yeah. All markets tend toward efficiency over time, especially as they become more competitive. But, okay, let's, let's continue on with the case study. So, okay, so opensea thousand pound gorilla, they, they start blacklisting you guys for collections. If they want to enforce full royalties, they have to blacklist blur as well as sudo and a bunch of other stuff. Okay. Now, separately, you guys are doing so sort of two things that are happening, I think, on the blur side. So one is that you guys observe the rise of aggregators like Gem and genie. Blur launches as an aggregator initially, but then you also have your own proprietary liquidity, meaning that instead of just being a pass through to being able to shop on a bunch of other exchanges, you can list items directly onto Blur and onto Blur's order book. And part of what was so brilliant about Blur and what, and I think a big contributor to you guys success was the nature of your liquidity mining program. So if you look at the other two big upstart tokenized NFT exchanges, x two, y two, and looksrare, both of them had token airdrop mining whatever programs, but they were both terribly designed in that most of what they incentivized was wash trading. And in fact, we see, if you look at the metrics on chain, enormous amounts of wash rating. Hill Dobby from Dragonfly posted some great analysis showing how much of the volume on these two exchanges can be easily identified to be wash trading. Talk us through what did x two, y two and looksrare do wrong? What did you learn from them about how not to design a liquidity mining program and what you guys did instead?
Speaker B: Yeah, that's a great question. So for context, Blur started 400 days ago. So today's day, 400. And for a set blur. And if you zoom out and go back to January of last year, it's really interesting because as soon as we started working on blur, looks rare launched about like a week or two after. And then x two, y two launched soon after that. Gem as well launched about the same time. So all of these players that came into the market, they came into the market right as we started building blur. And so we had to start from a point of building from behind everyone and shipping faster than the competition to eventually pull ahead. But something that we benefited from, even though having a late start was frustrating, is we got to observe what Luxray and x two y two did. And what we learned was that clearly the airdrop program that looks rare did was incredibly successful. It got everyone talking about looksrare. It got so many users into the funnel. But if you spend any time in web two e commerce startups, you'll know that you can put as much money as you want into Facebook ads to acquire users. But ultimately, if you don't have the retention, you're basically just burning money. And that was what we saw with these marketplaces, where they did these massive airdrop campaigns. It was very good for customer acquisition at the top of the funnel, but the products themselves and the niches that they were serving were not good. And there's two issues with it. One was the marketplaces themselves. Just like we're not really that great. They were effectively competing with Opensea, but at the product level they were worse. And also, if you study web two marketplaces, you can see that it's basically impossible to actually unseat a large marketplace once it has established network effects, like even Craigslist. They haven't changed their product in like 20 years, and they still do about like a billion in revenue every year. So network effects are really, really strong. The only way that you can actually create a new marketplace or exchange or anything that relies on network effects is you have to target a different segment. You see this in token world, where even though Coinbase was very dominant, binance came out. They targeted the crypto natives and they created a better product for them and then expanded from there. FTX as well, actually pulled off the strategy very effectively. Their big issue was stealing everyone's money. But outside of that, they actually had a really good product. Most of the people that I know, they actually preferred trading on FTX, even though FTX launched so late in 2019. So the two big issues that we saw were that they launched with a worst product and they didn't have a product that could retain people. And then they incentivized wash trading. They incentivize volume. Whenever you incentivize volume, basically what you'll have is some MEV guy will do a girl or they will do a EV calculation and be like, okay, I can trade this much amount and I'll get this much in tokens back and then I can sell them, and then there's a profit. And I'm just gonna keep on doing that. And what that means is that you're bringing in wash traders into your market. You're not actually bringing in real users. And so we avoided that by only incentivizing liquidity and never volume, and that resulted in real users coming into the market.
Speaker C: So incentivizing liquidity, though, is subtle, right? It's very easy to know how to incentivize trading volume. How do you incentivize liquidity without letting it be gamed?
Speaker B: Yeah, it's quite difficult. I think a really good model here is if you look at curve, curve has done a great job incentivizing. So on curve, it's like you're only rewarded for providing liquidity for the stablecoin pairs, and you don't actually get any rewards for trading the stablecoins. Right. The only reason you trade is because they have such a great liquidity. And so that's a great setup. It's quite easy for curves to kind of do a calculation there because you have stable coins. They're like fungible assets for nfts. They are non fungible assets. So it's pretty difficult. When we did our airdrops, basically, we incentivize listings and we didn't publicize any sort of formula for it because it's difficult to design a formula that is like a one size fits all solution. These are non fungible assets. So you could incentivize just floor listings, but then what you get is people aren't going to list their mids or their rares. There's different tiers of nfts, and you're just going to get people listing all the items near the floor. And also, that's not even necessarily what you want because now you just get a ton of massive cell walls that are very difficult to break through, and that's not necessarily a good outcome. So listing incentives are quite difficult. Bidding incentives are a lot easier, actually. We were able to basically have a single formula for that because, you know, bids are, it's just like liquidity on a trading pair, right? So you can, you can look at the liquidity and because it's fungible, you can come up with some formulas for doing it. And it works pretty similarly to curve where you basically, you know, take the integral of like the bid over time and, and then you basically like some, some value function over time that you can assign to each bid based on its position in the order book without getting too much into the weeds. Basically, you can come up with a pretty good formula for bidding. It's quite difficult for listing, but we did our best and it worked, even though it was kind of opaque.
Speaker C: Robert, what are your thoughts as the granddaddy of liquidity mining? What are your thoughts as the concept of liquidity mining has gotten more and more complex with trying to do that for nfts now?
Speaker F: Well, the profits would compound, I began the distribution of computers. There was no phrase called liquidity mining. It wasn't intended to be liquidity mining. It was sort of an accidental byproduct. You know, I think the science behind all of this has evolved a hundredfold, you know, in the two ish years, two and a half years since, I mean, like two and a half years ago is like the Stone Age when it comes to creating and scaling protocols. You know, back then it was basically just playing with rocks and sticks. Now it's, you know, I think blur is bringing science to this in a way that there was no science back in the day. Right. I completely agree with the point that you want to create underlying genuine liquidity or not trying to get wash trading or things that don't contribute value back to the protocol. I think that is one of the intelligent things that blur is doing where you see issues like this on looksrare and other platforms where it's just, it's junk behavior. It's not like useful behavior. By focusing on the provision of liquidity, that's what makes the actual marketplace better. And so by focusing on that, I think it's the correct area to focus on.
Speaker C: Preston, I remember when we were looking at all the NFT marketplaces, we really wanted to back one of these upstart marketplaces, but every time that we looked at the liquidity mining programs, they were just so obviously wrong. Centralized exchanges figured this out a while ago. Ever since FCoin, people have known that trade mining is broken. Its just wrong. Its the wrong thing to do. And every time you do it, you will get the same result, which is watch trading. You just get tons and tons of watch trading. But designing, like you said, pac man doing this for NFTs is complicated. It requires a lot of careful thinking and making sure that, again, youre not. There are so many different ways to game protocols that are on chain where you dont exactly know who this person is. You cant exactly tell is this person on the other side actually, uh, you know, a counterparty making legitimate trade. And so it's all about mechanism design and thinking very carefully about, you know, if you were, it's very, it's very much about adversarial thinking. If you were a airdrop farmer, uh, or an adversarial, you know, airdrop miner, uh, how would you do it and how can you defeat them as best you can?
Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely. It's, it's quite interesting. There's so many different ways that people would try to game it, you know, just on the, on the bidde side. You know, one thing that is very common that we see, and it's, it's funny. I wish the, I wish, like, the exploiters would just kind of give a little bit more respect to some of the ever put in because, like, one of the obvious things that people do is they'll, they'll of course, try to, like, civil attack. Like, they'll split up their bids across different accounts. And the reason why you want to do that is in case the points get, like, curved at all. Right? So if they get curves on the upper end, you obviously want to split it into a lot of the different small accounts. Another one is, you know, people will keep their bids up and then if they see a transaction in the mempool as someone trying to sell into it, they'll immediately withdraw their Eth from the bidding pool. And it's like, you know, this is the most obvious, you know, ploy ever. You just, like, you can just, like, query for that so easily and detect that and filter that out. And then you sort of risk word scheme. And there are more like, advanced, like, you know, modifications of that scheme that we're aware of. But, you know, ultimately, it's pretty, it's pretty hard to cheat it on the bidding side because it's like, you know, liquidity, whether you're farming or placing a bid, you know, completely just because you want to, like, buy an item, if someone sells into it, like, liquidity is liquidity. And as long as your liquidity is staying up there, you're taking risk because someone can always sell into your biddenness. And so you're providing real value there. And unless you're trying to, like, game it by making it so your bid, like, can't be sold or something that can't be bought into, which is pretty easy to detect, you're ultimately taking real risk when you bid. So it is like a really nice structure where we are able to kind of effectively assign, like, a real point system and formula to the bidding incentives. And that worked quite well.
Speaker C: Okay, so if I had to sort of take high level summary of what made blur successful, like, what the playbook was, I think it started with aggregation, kind of learning from Jem and Jeannie, which came before you guys. The second prong was the liquidity mining, which started creating the proprietary order book that allowed you guys to start competing toe to toe with Opensea. Then let's go back to the royalty side because the royalty is really where the drama accelerated, particularly within the last couple of weeks. This is the part that I think someday there will be a Harvard Business school case study on what happened between you guys and Opensea on royalties. So you guys wrote this blog post very recently where you encouraged your creators to start blocking Opensea instead of blocking blur. Talk us through what happened there. What was the Gambit? How did you think this up?
Speaker B: Yeah, so ultimately, we've always maintained the position, and we've shared from day one that any sort of on chain filter system is circumventable. We didn't do anything since November was when Opensea kind of first came out with their filter system. We didn't do anything for three months, basically, because we were still thinking through what position makes sense. We really didn't want to put something out there and then have to change our position. We saw this happen on Solana where magic Eden, they tweeted, we will never get rid of royalties. And then literally four weeks later, they changed their position. And it was just, it was just like, not a good look, you know? Cause it's like, if you just, like, think through the problem, it's like, very obvious that you can't, like, unless you can enforce it on chain, there's just no way you can actually maintain that promise, you know? Otherwise, you know, magic Eden would have to go to their shareholders and say, hey, like, we're gonna do, like, we're doing this and we're maintaining this and we're gonna lose market share and no one's gonna trade on us, but, like, you know, we're gonna maintain this position. Like, they would have to go and do that, and obviously they're not going to go and do that, and they didn't. And Opensea was basically taking a similar approach. We really didn't want to put out any sort of approach that we'd have to go back on our word on. So when we came out initially, we said, we'll adopt this filter policy. It was like a week after OpenSea came out with their policy. We said, we'll adopt this as long as it's not getting circumvented. And then if it does get circumvented, then we'll change our policy to match. And we didn't do anything. We started seeing some new marketplaces come out that were taking a royalty circumvention approach to growth, which was fairly obvious. We knew it was going to happen. We knew it was going to happen from the moment that the system was introduced. But we bided our time because we didn't want to take action unless it was needed. We started to see that happen, then basically we just put into action the plan that we had from the beginning, which was, you just need to make it so that the only plus EV move for Opensea is to basically remove blur from the filter list. And the way we did that was we said if your collection blocking blur, it's still going to be tradable on blur, it's just going to be tradable without the full royalties, with the minimum. .5% but if you block Opensea, it'll be tradable with full royalties. And then, of course, the only plus EV move there is to start blocking Opensea. And then you started to see that. And then within two days, Opensea had decided to remove blur from the block list. And then they basically matched our policy.
Speaker C: So can you go into some of the gory details? How was this move possible? And I think maybe some details about C port and all this might be helpful for people to understand how this worked.
Speaker B: Yeah, there are multiple ways that you can do it. You can create contracts that basically the way that the block worked was, it was a very primitive block. It basically was, whenever you trade an NFT, you have to approve a contract to spend it. Similar to how when you trade your weath on Uniswap, you have to approve Uniswap to spend the week. And basically this filter that obviously created would look at the address that was being approved and basically just failed if it was like a blacklisted address. And so you could obviously just switch addresses, but then they can update their filter list. You can do something dynamic where Sudo has a dynamic pool system, where each pool has a different address. So that makes it harder for us. We felt like it would just be easier. Instead of changing the marketplace protocol, we could just use C port itself, which is opensees, you know, marketplace protocol that they, that they rely on, and they're not going to block their own marketplace protocol, of course. So we basically just used their own protocol and then, and then there wasn't really much that they could do about it.
Speaker C: So this is like a Trojan horse type attack. It almost seems like the best analogy, which is that once you start piggybacking on their own infrastructure, you became like, you know, it's, they sort of needed to do some kind of chemotherapy type approach if they wanted to save themselves from being able to still block blur. Is that a fair summary?
Speaker B: Yeah, ultimately that is fair. And, you know, we, like, we don't try to glow or parade things around at all. Ultimately, it's just, you know, this.
Speaker C: All right, we'll gloat on your behalf, because it was pretty amazing to watch. I got to be honest. We were. We were. We were floored when we saw what you guys were doing on chain.
Speaker B: Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. You know, ultimately, just the moves that they were making just. It didn't make sense to us. It didn't seem like it was actually furthering the space. It seemed like a very self protective move. You know, I think they brilliantly framed it as a pro creator move, even though it was very, you know, clear to us that it was. It was not. It was not procreator move. And I think that the rest of the space kind of saw that, you know, just a few days ago when they switched things up, to many people's surprise.
Speaker C: So let's talk about that. So you guys throw down the gauntlet. You say, hey, guess what? If you want to block us, you have to block yourself. And creators should instead join us and block opensea if they want to be receiving full royalties on blur. And within. What was it like within a few days?
Speaker B: Yeah, I was like, 48 hours.
Speaker C: Okay, so within 48 hours, Opensea announces, for the first time ever, after being, throughout their entire history, the highest. The highest fee and full royalty enforcing exchange through all of the NFT. Boom, for the first time ever, they announce that they are no longer enforcing royalties, and they are going to zero fees for a temporary period of time, basically, all of a sudden, to try to win back market share. And in their explanation, they basically say, look, guys, we tried our best. We love the creators. We really tried to fight for you. But the capitalists are here. They've broken down the doors. There's nothing we can do anymore, uh, to. To protect you from their, uh, from their savagery. Uh, what. What. What was that like for you guys when you saw this happen? What was going through your mind?
Speaker B: Yeah, it's fine. I I won't. I won't reveal too much, because I do. I do try to respect the privacy, but, you know, in general, we've tried not to antagonize open sea. We. We like to be cordial when we can. We've had conversations with them. We had a conversation with them before they made this move about enforcing royalties on collections that were whitelisting both blur and Opensea at the same time. And I made it very clear to them, it's like, we don't want to be antagonistic here. Let's just try to find a solution. And that makes sense for everyone. If you read in our blog posts what we say at the bottom, why has an opensea remove blur from their block list? And we say, I think that they have the same goal, but we just have different perspectives on what makes sense as a solution, and we try to be neutral. And then before they made the announcement, I was like, hey, let's keep on trying to collaborate, hoping you make a neutral announcement. And then we read the tweet thread, it's like, blur is the reason why that we're going to zero fees. And I was like, oh, my God, this is definitely not neutral. So I was just kind of shocked initially. I was like, the tone was just, like, very surprising to me. It was very disappointing, honestly. But then I think. I think there was an incredible outpouring of support from the community towards Blur. Afterwards, I think a lot of the community kind of saw the market and the players and the motivations behind the players in the same way that. That we saw versus before. I feel like there was more of, like, a rose colored lens that just wasn't actually matching reality. So it was kind of validating in a way, because since we had launched, after Opensea launched, the operator filter, collections would launch. And they actually. It was just so confusing for collections, like, popular collections launched and they didn't know how to implement the operator filter. And we literally would help them block blur so that they wouldn't trade on blur, because Opensea would zero out royalties if a collection traded on blur. So we're literally, like, helping devs as their collection was launching block blur. And this entire time, the general sentiment was that blur was evading royalties and trying to hurt royalties. And it was quite upsetting because we've only ever really tried to maximize royalties, but in a way that is ultimately sustainable and not going against the market forces, because it was very clear to us that there's going to be a sustainable end state at some point in time. This whiplashing, full, all or nothing royalty enforcement, it's just fundamentally unsustainable. So it was very clear to us that it was fundamentally unsustainable. We've really tried to work towards something that was sustainable, but it kind of felt like the entire time that we were antagonized and that kind of started shifting since they made their move. So that was validating.
Speaker C: I would say it really is a David versus Goliath story, because opensea, honestly, throughout all of 2021, 2022, the product was just at a standstill. They were just soaking up all the liquidity, all the trading volume, and we always wondered, when is somebody finally going to take a run at them. And it just felt like you said, it's so hard to unseat marketplaces once they have that network effect of the buyers and the sellers and liquidity and all that stuff that I was just like, is the reign of Opensea ever going to end? And within basically the last week, for the first time ever, blur is the first ever NFT exchange since 2020 to have more volume than Opensea users. You guys are almost neck and neck for users. It's absolutely insane to watch. And it's a good reminder that no matter how strong you think a monopoly is, there's always a path to be able to unseat it and blur through a bunch of beautiful strategic moves. You guys have showed a path to do that.
Speaker B: Thank you. I will say the thing about network effects is they really are so brutally strong. You know, so, so brutally strong. The only reason why we thought that there was a chance was because, you know, even in the bull market, uh, when there are more retail than, uh, in the space than there are now. If you just did some basic data analysis, you could see that actually the, the majority of volume was driven by a small handful of power users. And any sort of, you know, speculative or financialized market, over time, professionalizes. You saw this in the token trading market where you started with like Mount Gox and like Coinbase, very retail friendly way to buy and sell crypto. And then over time, you have more and more professionalized infrastructure, develop binance, OKX, Darabit, Huobi, all of these more advanced trading platforms arise, and then of course, the volume professionalizes. And now it's like a handful of market makers make up the vast majority of volume in the space. It was very clear to us that nfts were heading in that direction. And then even in the bull market, nfts were very much power law driven. So the only reason why it was possible was because structurally, the market was not sound as it was. No one was serving the power users. It's funny because as we were building blur, we had so much commentary about how it would be impossible for blur to make a dent in the network. Opensea's network effects were too strong. And then now that we came out on top and have more volume than them, we see a lot of comments like, oh, Blur succeeding just shows that anyone can steal market share from any of these marketplaces at any point in time. And it's like, it's just, it's really, it's funny because it's just like that's, that's not actually how the market works. The network effects are incredibly sticky. The only thing that is possible is if there's a huge unmet need in the market. There's really only two segmentations that make sense. It's retail and professional. No one was serving the professional market before blur, but now that blur is dominant amongst the professional market, the same things that made Opensea so hard to unseat are going to be the same things that make blur so hard to unseat. So, of course, as core contributors, I genuinely think that staying paranoid at all times is the right operating model. So it's not about resting on our laurels or anything like that, but it's just people who say blur succeeding just shows how weak these network effects are. Theyre not accurate at all about that.
Speaker C: I think its also a sign that you guys had to get so many things right to unseat opensea. There were sort of multiple. Another way to describe that is that Opensea had to mess up in multiple ways in order to end up losing market share to a new upstart exchange. One can argue about what those strategic mistakes were, but its very clear. And I think most people had this feeling about Opensea. They kind of had gotten a bit too comfortable with their position. And this kind of always happens when you have effective monopoly that gets knocked down is that they get very comfortable with this idea that, ah, you know, we kind of, we have a lock on this market. We can kind of do what we want, we can set prices however we wish. We don't have to be responsive to competitors, and suddenly you, they get woken up. And here we are now with both Opensea and blur now having the same fee structure after basically like, you know, a good two years of OpenSea just raking in cash and completely owning the market.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's quite interesting because, you know, when we started, our vision for blur has not changed in the past 400 days, but everything that had to happen, you know, even just, you know, starting and raising our $11 million round from paradigm, building up a team, you know, primarily through our MIT network, Galaga and I, we recruited through our network, from friends who had worked in trading and real time systems. So, like, our engineers from like, Citadel, five range capital, a very unique engineering team that had the capability to build such a system. And then, even then, in that time, we've had to build, you know, in stealth, really nonstop, every single day. And also we were relying on, you know, the existing players, basically not catching on and building what we had built until we gained sufficient market share. So all of those things really had to align in order for blurs to succeed. And then now it's like we just see people in the market being like, oh, like this new player is going to be the next blur or this other player is going to be the next blur. And it's like, I wish it were that easy for us to get to this position. And also, I think a lot of times what I've seen in the market is the NFT space has not internalized the lessons that DeFi world has internalized, which is so strange because it's like, this is all web three crypto. We're neighbors. But it seems like there's not as much cross pollination as we would have assumed. And we've seen in DeFi that anytime there's a leading protocol developed, whenever someone copy pastes it, it can get some traction, but ultimately they just get smaller and smaller and smaller. You can't actually gain any share by just copy pasting, you know, the leading player. And we see people, you know, copy pasting blur, and then, you know, excitement for the copy paste protocols, and it's just like, that's. That's not really how this space works. And it. And I just. I really wish it were that easy for us, but it wasn't. And, you know, we'll, of course, stay on our toes and never want to be hubristic, but I would just. It just doesn't really seem like the market internalizes a lot of lessons that are just like, you know, right across the street, really, in the DeFi world.
Speaker E: I guess one thing as an analogy I'd maybe kind of compare to is maybe this is a bad example for some reasons. But you mentioned it earlier, Pac man, which is FTX. I remember in 2018 and 2017, there were just like a million new centralized exchanges. Everyone and their mom was like, I'm going to make a centralized exchange. If you were a chinese unicorn, you somehow had to have, I'm making a crypto exchange, centralized exchange plan. And none of those exchanges had any differentiation other than, hey, we're just going to bring our users from our app into this, which then, of course, the chinese government slapped them in the face and said, you can't. FTX came out of this weird thing where everyone was negative on crypto exchanges because all of these exchanges that had raised tons of money had failed to, and their main thing was just focusing on sort of the institutional broker dealer type of people at the very beginning. So there's a lot of similarities. I feel like I was wondering where.
Speaker C: You'Re going to take that, but. Okay. It's the institutional pro thing. Okay. I thought you were going to say, oh, it's the liquidity from Alameda. And I was like, I don't think you want to go there. Okay, I take your point.
Speaker B: The beautiful thing there is. Yeah. I mean, one of the beautiful things about Dapps and on chain protocols is that unlike decentralized businesses, everything is on chain. Everything's verifiable. It's so cool when we build and see so many of the dashboards that I've wanted to make myself. I just search on Dune and there's already something there and it's great. And it's honestly, they made it look prettier than I would have even made it. So it's like, it's more appealing to use even internally than anything I would have done. So having everything be on chain is really incredible. I think that there are a lot of parallels, though, and it's that that's ultimately what we saw. If you look at the token trading world, you've seen this strategy play out multiple times where binance did it with Coinbase, right? Like they built this crypto native exchange and then they expanded from there. And then FTX, of course, like token infrastructure is even more financialized than nfts. Nfts are moving in that direction. But obviously it's still very, very early. Ultimately, FTX pulled a similar strategy where they focused on even more of a niche than binance did and then expanded. So ultimately there are definitely parallels there and FTX did not help our growth. But what's cool is that all the growth that blur experience has been in the wake of that financial crisis that FTX collapsed in the and the worst bear market that we've seen in crypto. So that just makes us even more excited about the space because I think the nfts have really proven to have a longevity and stickiness that no one really expected.
Speaker D: I think you made a really good point around sort of these existing players not picking up on the meta shift towards these professional traders and away from one of ones to pfps and blur also leaning into sort of the way pfps are traded with collection bidding and floor bidding, and like sort of this new dynamic versus just having a your generic order book that might be more fitting for a different type of asset. What do you think is going to be the new meta shift or the next meta shift in how nfts are traded? People have been trying to make NFT amms for a while and they've kind of had very middling success. Do you think that's going to be what the future looks like, or how do you sort of see the next generation of exchanges?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think that the general trend that, you know, as contributors we're building towards is ultimately, if you look at token trading infrastructure, you know, it's had a decade to professionalize. And you started with spot trading and then you had, you know, derivatives, margin, futures, options, you know, et cetera, et cetera. And as that advanced infrastructure was developed, obviously the space, the tam of the space grew massively, you know, beyond what anyone really expected. We're seeing a similar trend in NFTs, but it is a different asset class. So we've seen a lot of copy paste attempts where there's literally a lot of the protocols. The NFT five protocols that we've seen today are literally copying pasting DeFi protocols and just changing it so that it works with ERC 721s instead of ERC twenty s. And nothing that we've seen has really excited us. But I will say that I think that that is the general direction that we're going to see in this space. That's something that we're very excited about because I think there's just massive growth there and obviously something that we're actively researching. But I wouldn't say I've seen anything particularly exciting just yet. And when it comes to the amms, when Uniswap launched, there was so much fud about it because it is a fundamentally very inefficient model. There are many reasons why it works. One of the reasons is for centralized exchanges, it's like getting listed is such a pain. And for most tokens, they can't even get listed on a lot of these exchanges. Uniswap kind of had this. If you look at the market structure, Uniswap serves a need that basically, even though it was so inefficient and shitty, it was actually your best option. And then of course, there's also some specific regulatory reasons for why they couldn't offer a off chain order book. Ether Delta did this and it got shut down. NFTs as digital collectibles, they operate in a different regulatory environment. All of the marketplaces operate with a off chain order book or off chain oracle. And when you compare an order book model to an Amm model, the order book model is much more capital efficient. So when I've seen the excitement around Amms and NFTs, it's been quite surprising to me because it is fundamentally a more inefficient model. Any system that you can design via an Amm, you can design via an off chain model more efficiently. So it just, you know, when, when we've seen some, you know, the excitement is, you know, never say never, right? It's like the thing about technology is that you can never really predict when things will work or don't work. You know, they kind of take educated guesses. But I would be very surprised if the Amm model really proves to be a, you know, successful leading model in the space.
Speaker C: So, bagman, you talked about how now that blur has really kind of busted out on the scene, a lot of people are murmuring about, oh, this thing is going to be the next blur. That's going to be the next blur. How do you think, like, how do you prevent blur from getting blurred? How do you stop somebody from aggregating you and doing a similar playbook that you guys did on OpenSea to you?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think that when you look at the Defi world, you've seen this play out already where Uniswap got sushi'd and by literally just being copy pasted and then Uniswap came out and they sushied sushi by dropping their own token, and it sucked people back away from sushi. And then, of course, Uniswap won out because Sunushi wasn't anything new. When we look at the market structure, it's like if you had asked us to build a competitor to OpenSea going after retail by introducing a tokenomic model and like, liquidity mining, I would have said, you know, find another team to do that because I don't want to waste my time and there's much better things to do. Ultimately, it would have been a, I think, a herculean task. I think, basically impossible to actually go after OpenSea's market that the same way that going after the same retail user base, there's not really any sort of token incentive that you can provide that makes up for lack of liquidity. If I'm selling a $50,000 JPEG, I can't really get enough tokens to make up for the fact that if I list on a new marketplace going after the same user, it might not sell at all. And I just can't really justify not listing on the main marketplace. So you can't really utilize token incentives to, like, make up for a lack of liquidity. You can really only go after a specific segment that isn't well served. So I think when I, when I observe the market, people talk about vertical marketplaces in general. I'm not very bullish on the vertical market thesis. Uh, it's like you don't really see vertical exchanges for tokens, even though there are many different tokens with different use cases. You know, I think there's a few types of nfts where vertical markets make sense and I think that you can do something there. Like for example, ens. There's a site, ens vision where it's like you get to type in the names, you can filter by like alphabetically and upload like a big spreadsheet of names. Like buying and selling domain names is a very different experience than buying and selling pfps. And so you can carve out a niche there. You don't even need a token model to do that. You can just carve out a niche there. Maybe the token model can accelerate things a little bit as like a marketing expense, but, you know, ultimately it needs to be something where the existing users just not being served very well. And when we evaluate the NFT market today, I don't really see those same horizontal gaps as we saw with Opensea and the pro market. Maybe that can change, right? It's like hard to predict the future, but as it stands today, people talk about like blur getting blurred and it's just like, you know, it's just, I really wish it were that easy for us. Like, it would have been just so much easier. You know, I literally haven't left the office in a month. Like I would take, literally haven't even stepped outside of the office. And just like to imagine, you know, a team just like casually, you know, dropping a token copy, pasting our designs and doing some sort of model and vampire attacking blurry would just, it would just be surprising.
Speaker C: I'm sure Opensea was surprised too when they saw this happening to them. But I take your point, and it sounds like you guys have been through a gauntlet to get to where you are. I guess the last thing that I want to end on, first of all, this was really fantastic insight. Thanks for sharing this. I think we spend a lot of our time talking to entrepreneurs because of course the four of us are investors, a lot of entrepreneurs, especially now after the collapse of FTX and the market being in this weird state, a lot of people just feel like, what can I do? How can I actually get some traction? How can I actually take on an incumbent when there's so little dynamism in the market? Not that much is happening. And you guys are a perfect example of how just understanding enough about the microstructure of the market and having enough insight about how to create a better product and go after users. You can go after the biggest fish in the industry, you can go after one of the most highly valued private companies in the space and end up going toe to toe to them and bringing them down. The last thing I want to end on is about royalties, because I think before on the show, we had a debate about royalties, and I was firmly on the side that I thought royalties were going to go away, that they were going to be a thing of the past. And now I think we're basically there. I don't think there's anyone at this point who really seriously believes royalties, at least in the state they were before. Obviously, now you guys are enforcing, I think, 50 bips royalties and opensea is doing the same, but it's kind of like. It's sort of like the royal family after the end of the monarchy. They're sort of there as figureheads, but they don't really do anything anymore. What do you guys think to ruin Robert? Tom, do you think this is good, this is bad? Are you disappointed? Are you like, hurrah, hurrah. How do you feel about the death of royalties?
Speaker F: I think it's good and bad. So I think it's bad because I think it violates the original expectations and intent of a lot of the creators that made NFTs right, whether they are rightly or wrongfully thought that they were implementing royalties correctly, they expected royalties. So I think doing away with them is fundamentally bad, because even though, you know, their fault they got had right. All the creators, they're not as good technically as, like, the opensea and blur development teams at solid. Okay, like, the creators are on the losing end here, and I think that's fundamentally somewhat bad. I think long term it's potentially good because it's going to force everyone to up their game and to build systems that actually work and are resistant to blur and are resistant to other platforms and implement the technology for royalties the way people expect, or they're going to make fundamental changes and rethink it entirely. But long term, I think it's going to lead to sort of like, a better end state. But I kind of think it's a sad thing that royalties are going away not from their own volition, but from the platforms, really kind of cutting off the artists and creators.
Speaker C: Tom, what's your take?
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, I think we were always in kind of a weird, like, unsteady equilibrium when it came to royalties. Right. And we knew that something was going to shift. You kind of saw this stuff bubbling under the surface. The way it was in the past was kind of weird, where artists were almost sort of free writing and relying on these third parties, these exchanges, to, like, generate revenue for them, when in reality they should be thinking about, how can I get buyers to want to pay royalties to me instead of just, there's this third party transaction happening over here, and I somehow get to continually skim, how can I actually build up a stronger relationship with the people who are going to be part of my community and actually lean into that more? So I think it's a nice sort of wiping the slate clean and hopefully creating a new opportunity for people to think about what the futures of NFT economics are going to look like.
Speaker E: Tarun I kind of more am of the mindset that the market microstructure being more efficient means you can start doing more clever things with NFTs. Maybe it's not lending or perps, because that's just copy pasting an idea that exists, but maybe it's some notion of a different form of trading that just doesn't work at high royalties streams. Right? Like, I mean, there's just, there's just a ton of products that work better when the slippage costs are lower. And, you know, it could be that it's something where there's a new product made to avoid slippage costs. So, you know, like, perps in some ways exist as the largest market in crypto because people wanted to avoid the spot trading costs and they wanted more leverage with low collateral. Right. Like, kind of very simple needs. They also kind of were popular because spot trading fees were so much higher than perp trading fees for a long time. Arguably, that's sort of the binance, how the binance FTX kind of era of the last bear market was. And so I just think it's going to be more interesting to see what kind of the future type of products look like. I do think there will be something like that has leverage, but it'll only kind of work at, like, very low fees and thumb notion of how you can, like, fractionalize collections correctly and, like, only offer leverage on certain parts of them and not others.
Speaker C: There's a very, there's a very mechanistic answer in line with true, but how do you feel? How do you feel about the death of.
Speaker E: Why is that. Why is that such a bad thing? Come on.
Speaker C: I didn't say it's a bad thing, but I just wanted to know it's an emotional response. What does your heart tell you, Tarun?
Speaker E: So, you know, I used to make a lot of generative art, and a lot of my friends who I meet at art conferences got really rich in 2021. A lot of them quit their jobs and were like, hey, we're just gonna, like, live off our NFT art block streams and stuff like that. And, you know, I feel like I was really happy for them, but I was always like, this seems unsustainable, and, yeah, the lottery tickets over? I don't know, it just seems like the natural state of nature. They're all so angry, and every time I talk to them, I just like, I'm like, you don't realize that you won a lottery ticket, right? Like, I just like, take, take it and just, like, accept it. But somehow people want to pretend lottery tickets or annuities.
Speaker C: Yeah, well, I'd say my take, like I said, I, when we were on that debate, I was probably the most vocal anti royalty person. Not because I think royalties are bad in and of themselves, but I just think they just don't really make sense. And they were always kind of doomed for this outcome unless they can be enforced on chain. The number one thing that you learn in blockchains is that if it's not enforced in the code, it's going to eventually go away. And I can't think of a single counterexample to that pretty much ever, that if this thing is not actually enforced by code, that it won't survive. And royalties were that royalties were basically a gentleman's agreement from a bunch of monopolists, that they were going to keep paying the subsidy to artists, and eventually economics and competition and all that stuff reared its ugly head, as it always does. And all of a sudden, the goodwill evaporated because people started to feel their market share under threat. And at the end of the day, I think the thing that it forces people to do is to innovate. That's always the answer. It's always, always, always the answer is to innovate. So whether it's innovating on the side of marketplaces, whether it's innovating on the side of artists, whether it's people trying to figure out different kinds of revenue streams that they can earn from their. From their supporters and from their fans, I don't think it'll ever be the case that, like, oh, Opensea is no longer charging, they're no longer enforcing royalties, therefore artists are going to starve. Like, that's obviously absurd. That's not what's going to happen. What's going to happen is that artists are going to have to find new ways to, despite the fact that markets are now becoming more efficient and trading fees are lower, they're going to find new ways to engage their audiences, and they will step up to the task, because that's what human beings do. So, Pac Man, I want to give you the last word. How do you feel about the, maybe, let's call it the assisted homicide of royalties?
Speaker B: Definitely feel fatigued and somewhat regretful. Yeah. When the royalty debate first got very heated and obviously came out with the operative filter, we try to have conversations with a few players in the space and just lay it out and just be like, hey, here's all the logic. Here's what we think is going to happen, here's what we think could maybe alter the course, and let's try to have a conversation about it. Ultimately, none of those conversations were fruitful. There is basically zero interest in having a conversation. And I think now a lot of the players in the space kind of feels like Opensea pulled the rug out from under them. And I just know that if those conversations were had, there could have actually been a plan pushed forward. That likely could have been a different, because multiple paths were possible. It's not like this was the only path possible. So I feel like there could have been a plan put forward that would have made everyone actually a lot happier. I think it's very hard to adapt to changing metas, especially once you get used to existing metas. Like everyone is at risk of that, including ourselves. It's very important to, I think, maintain neuroplasticity, especially when it comes to the web three space, which is just this space changes on a week by week, oftentimes day by day basis. And it's just very important to keep that in mind until you reach like a steady state. Then you can't really get used to any sort of meta. And even once that steady state is reached, who knows what new change is just going to change the meta. So I think we're here now, we can have productive conversations. I think that the space will innovate. This is a really incredible primitive that hasn't changed. I wish it happened in a different way, where I think people could have really been a lot more prepared than they were. But we're here now, and I think that the like. Ultimately, NFT survived the worst bear market in history, and are really one of the only things that grew in that bear market. Ultimately, my belief is that NFTs are more accessible to the broader public than even tokens. I think that they're going to get bigger than tokens. I'm very excited about that future and we're going to continue working to make that happen.
Speaker C: Honestly, I think in the long run, you guys did opensea a favor, because competition, the one thing competition does, it makes everybody step their game up. It makes everybody get better. And that's true for Opensea. It's obviously true for you guys now that Opensea has really woken up to the threat that blur is. And I think it's also true for creators, that creators have to step up and they have to do more in order to earn their, in order to earn their keep. If they want to keep on their lottery ticket, they got to earn it every single day rather than just win it. When NFTs are going crazy and the.
Speaker B: Consumers win, at the end of the day, this all benefits them.
Speaker C: That's right. So, Pac man, thank you for walking us through your thinking at Blur. It's been incredible to see your guys success and wish you and your competitors all the best.
Speaker B: Thank you, sir.
Speaker C: All right, that's it for this week. Signing off. Thanks, everybody.
