Speaker A: Hey unchained listeners. As you know its hard keeping up with the fast paced world of crypto, so weve got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. youll get the latest crypto news in original articles from our reporters, as well as summaries of other happenings in bullet points. Plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. Its still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot. Again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot.
Speaker B: Not a dividend, its a tale of Tuqwan.
Speaker C: Now your losses are on someone elses balance sheet.
Speaker D: Generally speaking, airdrops are kind of pointless anyways.
Speaker C: I manage trading firms who are very involved.
Speaker B: Pollock Eth is the ultimate defi protocols.
Speaker E: Are the antidote to this problem.
Speaker C: Hello everybody. Welcome to the chopping block. Every couple of weeks, the four of us get together and give the industry insiders perspective on the crypto topics of the day. So first quick intro is we got Tom, the defi maven and master of memes. Next we've got Robert, the crypto connoisseur and captain of compound. Then we've got Tarun, the giga brain and grand poo bah at Gauntlet. And finally, I'm Haseeb, the head hype man at Dragonfly. So we are early stage investors in crypto, but I want to caveat that nothing we say here is investment advice, legal advice, or even life advice. Please see choppingblocks XYZ for more disclosures. So, gentlemen, it has been a pretty quiet week in crypto. We're getting a few of these now. It seems like volatility is low, change volume is low. People are really reaching for headlines these days. There's not a lot that's super happening. The one thing we were just talking about before we started recording was there are people now who are just begging for money from Twitter. And Twitter is giving them lots and lots of money for no reason, which I feel like is also a sign of collective boredom. There's nothing else to really do but to manufacture stupid things to happen on the Internet. I don't know, what's your, what's your guys take about what's going on these days?
Speaker E: First off, if you're thinking about sending your money to a stranger over the Internet without any specification of what to expect. Don't do it. Um, this used to be a scam back in the day where, you know, people would say, hey, send me money, and they would have a really good excuse. The same scam exists today, and they don't have a good excuse, so don't fall for it. Don't send money to just Ethereum addresses because someone on Twitter told you to.
Speaker C: I see. The thing is, I can't tell. So just for background, the setup basically is that some guy. So there's some guy, Ben eth, there's a bunch of meme coins and stuff that he's raising money for. Some other guy was like, you know what? I'm not even going to create a meme coin. I will do nothing.
Speaker B: Send me raising money for.
Speaker C: Yes. All right, let's ignore the meme coin stuff. Let's ignore the meme coin stuff. That is. Our collective iq is going to drop so much if we talk about it. I don't even want to bother, but this other guy, I forget his name, whatever. He's some guy. And he's basically, look, I'm going to do absolutely nothing. I make no promises, no guarantees of anything. I'm telling you explicitly, I will do nothing. And here's my address. And he got a million dollars in ether over about 24 hours, which I feel like is in some way an evolution. Where in the bull market you would say, andre would be like, I'm going to create a new ZK oracle for construction work or whatever, and be like, oh, great, let's throw money into this contract and pre buy the token as aggressively as we can. And now in the bear market, it's like, you know what? Why even pretend that you'll get anything from this?
Speaker E: Well, people smart, though, that there's a coin called nothing coming. That's the I think scam is like.
Speaker C: You think that's what people are doing?
Speaker D: No, but this is the whole point. There's no expectation of profits, you know, and that's. He's trying to get around securities laws. It's. There cannot feasibly be an investment here because, you know, I didn't promise anything. You're just giving your money away.
Speaker C: Okay, so you think people.
Speaker D: That was a joke. That was not. That was not. I don't actually think that's why.
Speaker C: What do you think people are actually doing? Because I'm confused now. Do you actually think people expect to get something from this?
Speaker E: Yes, I think people think that this is just a cool alternative approach to releasing yet another pointless meme coin. This one called dollar sign nothing.
Speaker C: Okay. And if he doesn't do, let's say. Let's say that he actually doesn't release anything, what do you think happens?
Speaker E: I think people will be like, hey, what are you doing with the money? I think they're going to accuse him of, like, you know, wasting their money.
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, they wasted their money.
Speaker C: Yeah, they wasted their money. Like, do you have a claim against this guy who's explicitly said he will do nothing and I don't want money.
Speaker B: I feel. I feel like this is one of those Dyor type of things. Someone's going to come out and be like, you didn't dyor, and do your own research.
Speaker C: I mean, what research is there to do? It's really kind of an open shot case here. I don't know.
Speaker E: I'll just say, don't fall for it. Please don't send any money.
Speaker C: Yeah. In general, I'd say it's a bad idea to send money to random addresses, regardless of whether they're promising you things. This is generally not a formula for success in life. We generally don't give investment advice on the show. That is the one thing I feel pretty confident in giving invested advice about. So, anyway, all right, we asked the viewer, because it's been kind of a slow week, besides this stupid meme coin stuff. We asked the viewers like, hey, what do you want to see us talk about this week? Because there's not a lot of, like, really glaring news stories in, in the media these days. So one of the things that people asked us to comment on is, so one, they wanted to know, what is Tom's favorite video game? Tom, do you have a favorite?
Speaker D: Was that actually on the list?
Speaker C: That was actually one of the. One of the questions that was given. Okay.
Speaker D: It used to be dota all time. Used to be a big dota guy all time.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker D: I've been playing a lot of valorant lately. Like, valorant, because I used to play counter strike, basically, like counter strike. Age of Empires. I don't have a favorite favorite. Just, I like, I like PvP games. You know, it's like crypto, but it's a video game. It's pvP.
Speaker C: Got it. Okay, the next one. What is Tarun's favorite drug?
Speaker E: This is not life advice. Okay.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker D: Caffeine.
Speaker B: That one came out of nowhere.
Speaker C: Yeah. I mean, these were back to back. And so I feel like somebody was looking at the two of you on the show and is like, okay, that guy's a favorite video game. That guy's a favorite drug.
Speaker B: You know, all I got to say is, I am waiting for the day that Red Bull calls me up and sponsors me to be an extreme sugar free red bull drinking athlete because I probably drink, like, 40 to 50oz of sugar free Red Bull a day, which is. Is probably bad for you, but I still do.
Speaker C: Wait, how many cans is that?
Speaker B: 8Oz. So it's like. It's like, six.
Speaker C: Five cans a day of Red Bull?
Speaker B: Yeah, six.
Speaker D: Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Speaker E: Yeah. Our listeners might not know this, but, like, Tarun actually consumes five cans.
Speaker B: It's only. It's only 80 milligrams per. Can you spread it throughout the day? It's not like you're like, okay, it's not that crazy.
Speaker C: That's. That's. That's a lot of sugar.
Speaker B: No, sugar free.
Speaker D: Sugar free.
Speaker C: Oh, sugar free. Okay, so that's a lot of what? Aspartame. What is in there?
Speaker B: Yes. So my favorite drug is some cancer inducing sugar substitute.
Speaker C: Oh, beautiful.
Speaker B: Beautiful.
Speaker C: Okay, wait, so you're just, like. You're just, like, titrating this throughout the day to just, like, keep your aspartame levels up or whatever?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker C: You know, just, like, a baseline of caffeine and artificial sweeteners, basically. Okay.
Speaker B: I don't know. It just. Honestly, it's just, you know, I feel like when I was in college, I was much more of an asshole coffee snob person, and, like, oh. Like, if it didn't come from, like, blah, blah, blah, siphon from this particular region, I'm not drinking it. And then, you know, over time, I just, like, fell down the cliff of, like, how do I get caffeine faster? How do I get caffeine faster? How do I get caffeine? And then eventually, sugar free Red Bull was the optimal, just, like, titration curve.
Speaker C: I would have totally pegged you for a coffee snob, Tarun.
Speaker B: I'm surprised I was. But then I just, like, it just became just like, I have to wait. I have to prepare it. You know? It's like, that literally was the latency.
Speaker E: Crap in the can.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. It became a latency thing, and I think I started really drinking it before all the random coffee in a can. Things became, you know, like, the, like, nitro cold brew coffee in a can that wasn't there when my cycle started, so I've never been able to like those. Cause now I'm just so used to the taste of this thing. It's like, I got it.
Speaker C: I used to drink.
Speaker B: It must be like smoking, right? You just like, you don't even notice the taste anymore after a while.
Speaker C: No, that's true. You just acclimate to it. I mean, when I was in college, I used to drink a lot of coke just to keep myself caffeinated, but I haven't drank any caffeine in, like, ten years, which is maybe ten years.
Speaker B: Well, I'm picking yours for you.
Speaker C: There you go. Yeah. That's very noble. Okay, so the next question we got. The next question we got was, why is there so much tension between Haseeb and Tarun? So I didn't know what they meant by this, but I'm curious, Tom, Robert, what is your guys perception of the tension between me and Torun? I feel. We never talked about this on the show.
Speaker E: Okay. I think the tension is, haseeb, you have, like, no hair, and Tarun has lots of colorful hair. And Tarun. Tarun is trying to inception you into growing out colorful hair, and you're trying to inception Tarun into going shaved head. I think that's the core tension.
Speaker C: Honestly, I feel like with the headphones on, I can kind of see it. I can kind of see what it would look like if Tarun were to come over to my side.
Speaker D: Yeah, I can see. And also just different working styles. You see on time running the show, Druun, sometimes they even know that we're recording a podcast. It just thinks we're hanging out. So.
Speaker B: You know, I need the 7th Red Bull of the day to get to the on time. You know, it's like Maslow's hierarchy of needs is, like, in cans of Red Bull.
Speaker C: Okay. Okay. Got it. Well, so I will say, from my perspective, I don't feel any tension with Truman, but I do feel like we are probably the two most cantankerous people on the show, is that we're just the first to complain about something that we don't like. And so we'll get into it very easily. But I think both of us are also very. We're just pretty brash people. And so I think it's funny because I have the same kind of relationship with my brothers, is that I remember once I was hanging out when I was very young, when I was, like, 18, I was hanging out with some folks from college with my brother, my older brother, and we started arguing, and we just argue all the time. It's just kind of our relationship. And the guys who were sitting with us were like, holy fuck, are you guys about to fight? And I was like, no, that's just how we are. We didn't feel any heightened feelings, but we just had this super, I don't know, hyper aggressive dynamic with each other that we just grew up with. I don't know why, but we just had that and we didn't feel anything about it. But I feel like that is maybe part of what people are detecting is that, like, I think Sharon and I just kind of do that, but we don't have any, you know, feelings are not really flaring up. Yeah, exactly. There's no beef when we're going back and forth on something. The only exception might be when we're talking about anthropic or EA or SPF. I feel like the only place where Tarun will really get worked up in a very serious way.
Speaker B: Yeah, I agree. I think it's just like, a form of directness and being kind of, like, very direct. I'm going to say something that will offend many of our listeners. So I'm excited to say it as an homage to this question, which is, I think that every cycle in crypto brings new people. But I have to say this last. I would say the first cycle of, let's say, 2013, 2011 brought very angry libertarians into crypto. Right? Like, it was like Roger Ver, Satoshi Dice. Like, people are generally a little bit on the anger management versus, like, Vipassana spectrum. They're definitely on the anger management side. And then, like, 2015, it was kind of similar. It's like you had Mount Gox. People lost all their money. They're angry. If they had the emoji with the cursing in the mouth, they would have used it more, but didn't exist then. And 2017, again, same thing people were. That was actually the first time it got a little weak sauce. Right. Like, people started being a little less, like, on the anger. They say my thoughts on filtered direction, and there was a little more, like, drink the Kool Aid socialism vibes. Kind of like what we talk about with Aragon. And then this last cycle, it was like, I mean, that on steroids in some ways. And so, like, there just wasn't, like, as much, you know, that. That style. There's fewer of that style of person. I think maybe Haseeb and I come from that kind of old generation of.
Speaker C: Angry people, I think. Wait, aren't we both 2017 vintage?
Speaker E: Yes. Neither one of you should be angry.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that's not the angry. We're not like the 2015, 2014.
Speaker B: But we both were kind. We both were kind of around. Like, I don't feel like it was as organized. Right. Like, how long, you were actually paying attention for a long time. Right, right. Like, I had mount Gox deposits, so I, like, definitely was, like, I was angry in that way, you know?
Speaker C: Right, okay, fair enough. Fair enough. That's an interesting, it's an interesting way to describe the generations of crypto. I actually like that. I like that concept. I think it's definitely true. Like, the 2020 vendor, like, if you came in during Defi, as opposed to you came in during the NFT boom, I feel like there's also a difference there.
Speaker B: A huge difference.
Speaker C: During DeFi, a lot of finance people, a lot of folks are just like, this is the coolest thing happening in finance. And those people, I think, tend to be more. More brusque, more utilizing more adversarial, and they're less idealistic. Right. Whereas almost everybody who came in during the NFT boom, super idealistic, very kind of socialist Kumbaya, like, hey, blockchain is going to make everything better. And I think the 2017 vintage was a lot of people who were very idealistic who then got jaded, which I feel like is the best kind of people who know what it is to be idealistic but also realize why it's stupid, because everybody who came in in 2017, they were like, oh, everything is going to get tokenized. The entire world is going to live on the blockchain. Blockchain is going to take over governments. That was what we were all force fed in 2017, and it was all bullshit.
Speaker B: Taking over governments, for the record, was always the goal, though.
Speaker C: Yeah, well, so taking over government, since, like, all government software, whatever, is going to run on block, every government's going to have its own blockchain, all that stuff. Right? And that just died. It just died in a way that it was never going to come back. And so everybody from that era, like, had a dark night of the soul about, what is this stuff? And does it matter?
Speaker E: Not me. I'm still on the Ethereum rainbow side.
Speaker C: Are you?
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay, Robert, you might be the one exception, but I feel like most people, like, you got some, like, gnarls in your gut after going through 2017, 2018. And it makes, I think, people like, you know, they can take a couple more punches if they went through the 2017 2018 cycle. We'll see what happens to this, you know, this 2021 2022 vintage. But I, right now, I feel like a very snowflakey vintage. I agree. Tom, what's your take?
Speaker D: Yeah, I can kind of see that it also feels uniquely kind of very consumer facing or very like web two in some ways. Like, when I think about things that kind of defined, it was like, there are applications and there's a lot of people, and it's. It's like, friends of mine are asking me how to use it, and I feel like that was not true in, like, 2017 or other cycles, where it's, like, way more kind of, like, nerd dev focused.
Speaker B: Yeah. The only thing in 2017 that in my worldview and circle ever reached mass knowledge of, you know, kind of existence was somehow like, the Brock Pierce eos thing. Somehow. They're like, the mighty Ducks guy raised $4 billion. Someone said that to me, and I was like, what the fuck? How the fuck is that the thing? You know?
Speaker C: The mighty ducks guy? I forgot about that.
Speaker E: That's still the craziest ico of all time. And nothing will ever eclipse it, period. Full stop, for sure.
Speaker B: That hit the level of, like, random friend asking me, I think, compared to everything else.
Speaker C: No, that is true. It was a weird time. Okay, well, one of the other things that people suggest that we speak about was this whole roll up ontology debate. So this. Before we actually talk about what the debate is about, I first want to comment on the fact that this debate is happening.
Speaker B: Why didn't we do what we did last week where you went through five levels? The five levels of what a roll up? No, of what a roll up.
Speaker C: What a roll up is what a roll up is. Who wants to start? Who wants to give the Eli five?
Speaker E: I'm going to take the five year old answer.
Speaker C: Okay, Robert, you do the Eli five.
Speaker E: Okay, so do you know fruit roll ups? They're. They're delicious, and they taste like strawberry. Well, inside each fruit roll up is, like, 100,000 strawberries. That's what a roll up of a chain is. You have, like, 100,000 transactions in one.
Speaker B: First of all, just like the SEC subtly tries to say something to security by invoking it in a trial. You just subtly invoked some fruit ism where you just said apples and bananas aren't fruits, because the only fruit roll up was strawberry.
Speaker E: I'm not trying to be prejudiced against apples, bananas, or other things that could be a fruit roll up.
Speaker D: Maybe it's, like, a fruit leather. You know, any. Anything can be a fruit leather.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker D: We should have an ontology of roll ups.
Speaker C: Okay, perfect.
Speaker E: I feel like a five year old would get it. Okay, let's. Let's keep going.
Speaker C: All right, Tom, you're explaining to a high schooler.
Speaker D: I was gonna say, remember plasma? It's that, but we put the data on Shane. And that's it?
Speaker C: That's, that's gonna explain to us?
Speaker B: That's not the high schooler definition.
Speaker C: Yeah, I don't think any. There are any high schoolers who know.
Speaker B: What plasma is unless they worked for omisigo.
Speaker D: Yeah, some very precocious high schoolers.
Speaker C: Okay, so you gave a confusing explanation to a high schooler. All right, that's fine. I'll give an explanation to a day trader. A roll up. It's like an l one, but it's more levered, so it's got its own token and you can trade it and it settles slower than the l one. That's l two s for day traders. All right, Jaron, you explain it to a dev.
Speaker B: Yeah. So you know how it took ten years for Linux to go from single core Linux? Like you could run it on a single processor and the entire kernel would work to Multicore Linux where you could write code that you didn't have to know which processor was running on your machine. Might have had 32, but you just hit like run my code and it would fit it. Figure out how to allocate which processor ran your code, where the memory was, all of that stuff. Imagine that change for a blockchain where you deploy a contract instead of deploying a contract. Once you're able to separate a. The state and the availability of state of that program from where it gets executed. And the dream kind of in the ten year vision of Linux and in my mind, what the long term vision of for rollups is, even though people who are making roll ups may not want to hear this for their token price, is that the end developer doesn't need to actually really care where it gets run. They post the data on somewhere that's trusted and the actual state is the valuable part. State is money, TM. And then the execution gets done wherever, somewhere else. And the execution has some guarantees that it's run correctly or not. Some of them are use cryptography like ZK, some of them are purely economic ish, like optimistic. But in some sense the dream of this world is you just send your program and you say, hey, I want my user state to be really really safe and really secure. It's like money, but the actual who actually executes the state transitions, it can be somewhere else with different security guarantees.
Speaker C: Okay, this whole debate, maybe it's also useful framing the debate before we kind of go into the actual sides of the debate. So the core debate is critiquing the way that rollups are often described or the way they're often kind of the shorthand that we tend to use for rollups, which is that we often say rollups inherit the security of ethereum, right? So if you have a roll up, whether, if it's truly trustless and it does all the things it's supposed to do on the tin, then you can trust the roll up just like you can trust Ethereum. And all of its state is sort of a function of the state that's on, that's posted to Ethereum. Ultimately, it's sort of a compression technique for stuff that's put on Ethereum. That's the sort of canonical, state approved. Vitalik stamped it and said, yes, this is what roll ups are. And this roll up ontology debate is basically people saying that's a simplification. That's not really the way roll ups are, because roll ups are really just, they're basically an l one that has a special bridge and a sort of social contract with that bridge that says, hey, we're going to follow what the bridge does. But the roll up itself and the way in which it offloads data availability or the way it offloads consensus and the way that it enshrines this bridge are two totally different things. And it can decide to basically fork away from the bridge. And if that happens, it's not as though the universe explodes or the roll up just dematerializes or something. There are real things that happened when a. Or alternatively when a bridge itself upgrades to keep some kind of consistency with the way in which the blockchain is changing or so the roll up is changing. And so this idea of a roll up as being, ah, it's about this like bridge with l one, and that's what the roll up is. And the, and the roll up is kind of stuck, like affixed to the layer one, and it can't really move. And it's sort of, that's kind of how we imagine rollups is like some velcro. You stick a blockchain onto Ethereum and that blockchain is now stuck and can't really move. And Ethereum basically controls it. All these people are basically arguing, is that really true? Is it not true that actually there are more degrees of freedom to the roll up? And maybe we should stop oversimplifying the story around roll ups as being this like, inherit security from Ethereum thing? That in broad strokes is how I perceive the back and forth in the argument. Tarun, would you say it's a good encapsulation of what people are going back and forth about.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, you're right. It's mainly focuses on this idea of, like, does the bridge need to be agreed upon by both of them? And if it's agreed upon by both of them, does that make it kind of its own chain in some ways? Only other thing I would add is that there's definitely a debate of how much the developer needs to do to maintain their application and how much the user needs to do to maintain the state. And that's also another place where people are fighting about how much should a user be required to think about, for instance.
Speaker C: Yeah. So the first thing that really came to me when I was reading all this is like, why are we arguing about this? And I mean that not in a derisive sense, but in a more sociological sense of, like, why is this suddenly the thing that all these smart people are arguing about? One, it feels to me like there's very little going on right now. Like, any time that, like, the main conversation is about philosophy, it's like, wow, we are really not making progress.
Speaker B: Well, this is like, do you remember the 2019 l one consensus wars, like, between Nir, Solana, eth, et cetera? And they were all bike shedding on particular nuances of their conception versus vertical.
Speaker C: Scaling versus all that stuff. Yeah, totally.
Speaker B: And a lot of the bike shedding actually didn't matter because the practical thing they implemented didn't really, like, added a lot of the duct tape and bailing wire around those particular details or, I'm not saying that, like, some of them didn't implement what they claimed as much as, like, the precise things they were attacking each other on were not these, like, sharp, like, a and b are completely separate objects, but they actually were, like, fuzzier and overlapped a lot more. I think that that's the same thing here.
Speaker C: I definitely agree with that. I feel like, though, going back, I keep coming back to this theme of, like, blockchains as religions, and I'm gonna do that one more time here because I feel like it's constructive. Like, so why, why are people talking about this? Like, who cares if people are kind of using the word roll up a little more loosely than they should? Like, what?
Speaker B: You know, like, Robert.
Speaker C: What I would say is that the reason why people are arguing about this is that roll ups have become so fundamental to the teleology of Ethereum. Basically, it's like, look, the end. Like, the story of how Ethereum, you know, the story. What's the revelations? Right? That's the book where the world ends, or whatever. Like the revelations for Ethereum is that all roll ups. Roll ups are the way that Ethereum will see the future. It's the way Ethereum is going to scale. And these guys are basically going in and like attacking the high priests of Ethereum who are claiming they're like, ah, roll ups are this beautiful kind of transcendent way, this like golden bridge to the promised land of unlimited scaling. And they're like, aha. No, not so fast. There is no promised land because in the future, every roll up can fork and do whatever we want. It's just another blockchain. There is no magical way to scale Ethereum without making ugly governance trade offs. And it's like, okay, well, what's your point? Like, why bring that up? Do you want people to not use roll ups? Should people do something else? Should they like, change the way they do rollups? There's no real recommendations in any of these arguments. People are not saying like, ah, so we should, you know, make the bridges immutable or we should do this or we should blah, blah. It's all like, I feel like the takeaway from these arguments is all, we should educate people. And it's like, okay, we should educate people about what exactly? To do what.
Speaker D: I agree to an extent. I think it's a little bit, kind of like bitcoin in the early days when people are like, well, all money is a social construct, so why can't bitcoin be money? And it's like if you're attacking the incumbent, you kind of want to unravel them a little bit. And there's obviously a lot of people pushing modular blockchain and stuff like that. And so it's like, well, actually Ethereum isn't that important because you can do da somewhere else. And the bridge actually isn't part of the roll up. So in reality, nothing is actually happening here. And my other company and thing that I am also trying to sell conveniently fits into this narrative. And so I think that there's definitely something going on behind.
Speaker B: For the sake of our industry, please do nothing.
Speaker D: Recommend no more news like this.
Speaker C: Data availability layer, data availability layer, Psyop. That's what you're saying? This whole thing is manufactured by data availability layers to just get attention?
Speaker E: Yes.
Speaker D: Yeah, kind of. Or anyone pushing modular blockchain. It is extremely in their benefit if people are like, oh, actually you're right that the bridge actually isn't that important. And we don't have to use an l one like Ethereum to do Daev. There's actually other stuff out there. And I would say the same way. People are like, oh, money is a social construct. What's so great about currency? XYZ here?
Speaker C: Tom, can you define modular blockchain? Because I think a lot of people listening might not be familiar with that term.
Speaker D: Sure. So modular blockchain is this idea that you can basically separate execution from data availability so you don't have to. For example, on Ethereum we all agree there's a set of state transitions that occur and then the chain itself is used to actually store historical state as well as what the current state is. Modular blockchain, for example, you can make your own roll up that might have its own EVM that's using to sort of set state transitions, but it's actually storing the state and storing all the data on some sort of decentralized file storage system. Or it might be using a different type of vm, but also storing the data actually on Ethereum itself. So it's not using the EVM, it's using something else. And so the idea is sort of, hey, you can pick and place different parts of this stack to suit your own needs, and that's what these companies are working on.
Speaker C: So if I can analogize, it's sort of like today, or today we might be in the prehistory phase for modular blockchain people where everybody has their own verticalized stack. They store stuff, they execute stuff, they do consensus, they do all this stuff in house. But in the future, it's almost like cloud providers. You'll use somebody for storage, you'll use somebody else for execution, and you can kind of mix and match vendors, quote unquote. And this is better in the modular blockchain world because it leads to, I don't know, specialization or something, I don't know, whatever. This is what will happen.
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, if you believe this and you think Ethereum is literally just going to be used for da data availability in the future, you can argue it's probably not optimized for data availability and there's probably a cheaper, better, more robust way to store state data and call data. Why not build a blockchain or some sort of other system that exclusively does that and is optimized for it? And that's the benefit of modularity, is you can sort of have different parts of the stack optimized for the thing that they're trying to do.
Speaker E: There's a famous quote which is completely unrelated to crypto and blockchain, which says that in, I think it's related to the media industry, but also more generally, most businesses are either bundling things or unbundling things. And I feel like when it comes to modular blockchains, it's like the unbundling of all the things that make a blockchain a blockchain, and saying basically, oh no, you had all of this in one place, let's rip it apart and do each thing independently. And maybe that's better. For whatever reasons, I personally think that blockchains in a bundled sense work pretty well right now. I, at a really high level, don't know how much better it'll be if you take a blockchain and just turned it into its individual components.
Speaker C: But maybe it's better. You guys invested in Celestia. Yes. What is your take then on the modular blockchain thesis? Do you think modular blockchains are going to become a bigger thing? Why? Give us the pro argument.
Speaker B: Yeah, one of these arguments, and this is my historical analogy argument, at least initially, was that Linux actually went from losing to Windows quite substantially to really dominating in the server market when Linux was able to actually do multicore, multiprocessor, multinode operations a lot better than Microsoft was actually allowing. Part of that trade off came from Linux actually modularizing itself and people specializing in different things, like people specializing in open source drivers, or even in the case of Nvidia, closed source drivers. But for Linux, the Linux Nvidia drivers are a million times better for doing machine learning within the Windows ones in 2023. That was not true in 2008. The way that it actually was able to beat out the incumbents was allowing for the components of Linux to be separated and for the operating system to only act in a shrinking manner as the intermediary between different components, like between the graphics card and the processor, between memory and the cpu, between the hard disk and memory. It kind of acted more and more as a choreographer and less and less as like I'm doing everything all at once. And it took a long time to get that right. And it also took a long time to get the user, the developer APIs and interfaces for that to become a lot cleaner. And one thing you're sort of seeing in the roll up world in general is that one of the reasons there's many different styles of roll ups, different whether they're optimistic, like optimism, arbitrum, whether they're ZK, like Zksync scroll, et cetera, Starkware. There's this sense in which they're all making these slightly different trade offs, but all of them are converging to this idea that there are some subsets of applications that really want to separate concerns for their users. And those applications, for instance, the number one application of that form is gaming blockchain games. The really valuable thing is the state that the users own, like their items or some subset of their history. But the actual game engine gameplay itself doesn't actually always need to be posting to the place that the valuable state is. Now you can have this hierarchy in which the most valuable things stay at the bottom in the DA style layer, and then the less and less valuable things can be further away and they can all be running in concurrent fashion, just like a cloud system. If you believe that that architectural shift of the world computer into the world computers happens, then you inevitably come to this point that the specialization of the modular world is key to getting there. Now, there's a lot of other weird stuff though, that comes with it, which is like, the UX is crazier. Designing wallets to keep track of all of this is a lot more work. So I think the real thesis is that this is what happened before, and there's a lot of reason for certain types of applications that basically are non economical right now for this to work. But the con is, there's a lot of ux change that will happen. But the thing is, the Ethereum roadmap, if we really believe it's mainly the roll up roadmap and not any of the previous roadmaps, is already moving in that direction anyway. So this is just. I think it's just people are choosing a different, slightly different version of it.
Speaker C: In a way, I feel like the modular blockchain hypothesis is an evolution of the app chain hypothesis.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker C: What's your reaction to that?
Speaker B: Yeah, 100%. I think Cosmos has some of the best developers in the space, but it also has some of the. And it comes up with all these amazing ideas first that get copied by everyone else. Like staking derivatives, first ever implemented in Cosmos. I mean, they kind of messed up some of their initial implementation, but it's still really good idea. And if you look at who made it successful, it was Lido, right? It was not. It was certainly not a cosmos staking derivative. And I think the same thing might end up being true with the app chain thesis, where actually, in order for the app chain thesis to work, you need to have a really valuable state layer or data layer. That's the money. And then after that, you start building the apps, but you can't start with that first and then hope it turns into money or treated like money.
Speaker C: So let me maybe pose Devil's advocate of sort of the anti modular blockchain thesis is the picture you painted was that like, well, there's a specialization that's going to occur at different layers and that's why like just almost every other business, you have a certain vendor who's really good at X, so you use Vendor X instead of building it yourself. This is kind of the natural way that software evolves, or that almost any economy evolves towards specialization and then kind of comparative advantage, if I can paraphrase the argument, would be that, well yeah, but blockchains are these really complex distributed systems that carry giant quantities of money and it's all open source. And those two things make blockchains fairly unique in that one. If somebody else really solved data availability and they are actually open source, then you can just say, great, well, you're already trusting my node set, my validator sets to do XYZ, whatever trust assumption you have, because I'm doing a, b or c for you, you're already trusting me. Then you also have to trust this other system. You trust this other system. When you have a distributed system that has lots and lots and lots of points of failure, the likelihood of failure and just degraded experiences goes way up because any single thing can go wrong and that'll degrade the entire thing. As companies get bigger, their products get more important and more robust, they start in housing more and more things to make it so that because these uncorrelated failures are very fragile, because if one thing fails, or if the right fails, or if the persistence fails, or if the consensus fails or whatever, it doesn't matter that only one thing failed, the whole thing failed. If just one component of it failed, you'd rather say, look, I'm already trusting this set of nodes, I might as well just fork the best data availability thing, fork the best virtual machine, fork the best whatever, and just bring that all in house and you just trust my nodes to run it. It's not as though it requires significantly more expertise on the behalf of my node runners or my validators to run this software. We can upstream whatever changes is being made at this data availability layer. But ultimately I want both the value, the trust and the work to live inside of a single system. And if anything, I also probably get better latency guarantees because now it's all happening within the same node network. Instead of this node network needs to talk to that node network and there's some extra latency that's going to be imposed by two different systems talking to each other, they can't share a common format.
Speaker B: I think if we look at though, at the history of computing applications historically, yes, there's a huge amount of value that has been created by extremely latency sensitive things, both in trading as well as real time systems like for airplanes or spacecraft or things like that. On the other hand, if we look at a lot of where the big boom of 2010 to now came from, it really did come from horizontal scaling and bandwidth scaling rather than purely in C scaling in the sense of machine learning only works because you can do horizontal scaling across many GPU's, across many nodes, across many FPGA's, whatever. A lot of the database stuff, if you look the history of databases like, yes, we've had really good acid compliant assets, sort of like a set of standards that a database might need to follow. Databases like MySql and stuff forever. But yet at the end of the day, MongoDB is still a x billion dollar company and just a commonly used database that just doesn't have the same latency guarantees or safety guarantees, which at least with blockchain, you really do get. In some ways, people really love using it because it's easy to bootstrap certain types of applications with. So I guess my argument is crypto spent a lot of time on the latency spectrum in the monolithic layer, and moving out on the bandwidth spectrum, I think, effectively forces you to go down.
Speaker C: The modular route, moving down the bandwidth, meaning that if you want to scale blockchains horizontally, you need modularity.
Speaker B: Yeah, to some extent, yeah. Like bandwidth wise. I'm not saying, I'm not saying like the l one thesis of like Solana Sui Aptos, that's much more focused on the like latency thesis, right? That the applications really want this like instant, like, responsiveness property. But I think the modular stuff is actually going for something totally different. It really is going for this like separation of like the money stuff, which hopefully doesn't need to be read as often, versus the actual raw application logic execution. I think it might end up just being that both survive in the same way that right now in the modern cloud era, we have both really low latency applications as well as high bandwidth applications.
Speaker C: I do feel like there was, back when I was a professional software engineer, this is what, eight years ago or something, there was a lot of excitement around, I guess what you would call blockchain parlance, modularity, which is service oriented architectures, micro services. Basically. There was strong backlash against the notion of monoliths, which is basically this giant piece of code that runs as just one thing. That's ethereum. Ethereum is a monolith. It's just one big ass piece of code. And that's all you run. You just run ethereum. There was this almost like fetishization of microservices and decoupling and all this stuff. And I feel like in some sense things have reverted back toward being more in favor of monoliths just out of this reality that actually when you break things out and you decouple and you modularize and all this stuff, it doesn't magically produce these beautiful, perfectly shorn edges and these great, beautiful boundaries that these abstractions that never get perforated, that in reality it kind of sucks and it's annoying and you lose context and things don't talk to each other and you need shims and translation layers, and things just kind of end up getting calcified that stick in between the holes in the layers. And it's never quite as beautiful as it sounds. And in reality, like these things, if they end up becoming successful, they sort of become monoliths, whether you want them to or not. Where it's like, if you've got one chain, let's say it's, you know, let's say, let's say binance marching just for simplicity. Binance smart chain, it decides that it's going to use some. It's going to use Arweave as a data availability layer, which is not a great idea, but let's say they did that. Binance smart chain uses Arweave as data availability layer. Arweave has so little else going on that basically Arweave is going to become like staple to binance smart chain. There's no way that Arweave can fork without binance smart chain also forking. If you fork something, you have to test it on binance function. Like these two things become so coupled because they are the dominant applications of each other, that it's almost like a monolith, except that it's a poorly coordinated monolith. I feel like that is in many ways the reality you're going to brush up against in this idea. They're like, well, go ahead, George.
Speaker B: Do you know Cosa, Ronald Coase, a Nobel Prize winner? Yes. And so Coase's theory of the firm, right, is like, imagine you have n agents who are each individual contractors, and they have some economic interactions with each other. And now suppose that they have transaction costs for engaging in that. So think of like when you sell your home, you incur you in your some transaction costs. Now imagine groups of people start saying, hey, we'll work together because we get to distribute our transaction costs between us. And the coast theory of the firm is really like, hey, there's some carrying capacity, some natural size for a firm based on its cash flow generation, for how much it matters for you to actually reduce your transaction costs by sharing. And that gives you a natural size of that particular company, industry or whatever. There's a sense in which modular blockchains are trying to achieve something in the middle of kind of those two extremes like that. And I think in the same way that if you in 1986 were trying to work on non monolithic hardware, you would have been laughed out of the room, because that was the time when Moore's law was happening. And basically single system on chip type devices by intel were just completely killing everyone. And all these people making custom supercomputers, custom chips with different forms, they weren't very successful at doing that. Intel was just able to have this exponential growth, and then that kind of caused the monolithic CPU era of the nineties and early two thousands. But eventually, Moore's law petered out and you had to innovate at the architectural level. And that's arguably where, say, Nvidia really kind of shined. And so having worked in hardware and heard all the war stories from people who lived through that era, where there was this transition from this purely low latency type thing to the high bandwidth type world, all I want is caution, is to not throw the baby out the bathwater. There might be that transition when that type of application is found that actually is on a different part of the trade off spectrum.
Speaker C: Yeah, I agree with that. And to be clear, I'm not uniformly against modular blockchains. We invested into Zksync, which is a ZK roll up, which also is trying to launch the ZK Porter thing, which is a cross between a ZK roll up and a validium, which is a modular blockchain. That is exactly the description of what a modular blockchain is, which is that you're not putting the data availability in the same place where you're putting consensus. So I do think these things will exist. Clearly, it's broadening the universe of choices one can make about architecture. I think that's a worthwhile goal in the same way that I think appshains will exist. I was sort of. I remember arguing with sunny and Zucky back five, six years ago about the theory was not just that app change will exist. Of course, app chains will exist? The question is, will app chains become dominant? That's the question. And in the same way, I feel like the modular blockchain hypothesis is not that, oh, well, will modular blockchains exist? Of course they will. The question is, will this become the dominant way that blockchains are architected? And when we say the dominant way, we don't just mean, like, okay, some random startup that. That some people are starting. It means, like, where is most of the money's gonna be? Where's most of the most important value or the most important blockchains? How are they going to look in five years? There I have more skepticism about the modular blockchain story, even though I do think that modular blockchains will exist. And like you mentioned, games and other things that don't have as much of a. Of a vested interest in rebuilding these different parts of the stack will probably be big beneficiaries of the ease of modularity with things like Eigen Layer and Eigen Da, which is their data availability layer or celestia or what have you.
Speaker B: Yeah. And I think that there is kind of this interesting thing, and again, I really respect a lot of people who work in Cosmos land. They've just somehow socially found a way to shoot themselves in the foot 500 times. And part of the reason for that is that there's no single substrate religiously for them. And back to your religious view, in the sense that they have a leader that they assassinated effectively in j. I don't know what else to call the excommunication. It's like. It's a little bit like he hasn't quite. He's been in exile, hasn't quite come back. He's still suing people, I guess, who are developers in the ecosystem or something. I don't know. There's all sorts of drama. Yeah, Cosmos land is like. It's very drama filled. Opposite of Solana land, which you have to give them a lot of credit for, which is they did the opposite. They were just like, yeah, we're just all going to Kumbaya, like pretend we're going to move in this one direction. And in the cosmos world, it's like anyone who got success immediately, someone would, like, who would have IBC transactions, would try to undercut them, and it's because everyone had their own token, and so there was no correlated incentive.
Speaker C: Cosmos is really like the EU. I feel like it's a seed of civilization in so many ways, but it's so fucked.
Speaker B: Unfortunately, prior to having a ton of value in it, endogenously right, right. The big advantage for Ethereum if it basically copies the app chain thesis via op stack or arbitram, Nova or whatever, any of these different visions of the world that actually do kind of look like that is that they're starting from a substrate that's valuable people care about and people are just fundamental believers in versus, like, Adam is dogecoin for nerds. Like, you know, all the other random Juno, like, the founder is dumping it. You know, evmos, like, evmos had to have this really ridiculous tweet about how, like, we, we, we are aware that a former founder is dumping all of the tokens and then write this amazing. I mean, that was like crypto history tweet.
Speaker C: It was very funny. It was pretty funny.
Speaker B: And my point is that lack of substrate, that's sociopolitical substrate, that for Ethereum is eth, for Solana, it actually is Sol. It just doesn't exist there. Everyone's always just out to cut each other and it's like a knife fight constantly there. And in some sense, it's very hard to do this type of modular thesis when everyone has their knife. Everyone's trying to backstab each other.
Speaker C: Yeah, it does feel like the problem with cosmos, it's not rowing in the same direction, and it's very true of Solana. And now that you mentioned that, I have to give them props as much as I've given them shit in the past. Even post all the FTX calamity and all the horrible stuff that they've had to deal with over the last six months. Like, Solana has been super, no drama. They're just focusing on the goal.
Speaker B: They're just, well, they're only drama. Shitting on roll ups.
Speaker C: Are they shitting on roll? I haven't.
Speaker B: They love. They love, though. They love the, like, modular versus monolithic debate, obviously. So, like, like. But my point is that they're all, they're like, if everyone's a vector, they're all kind of roughly pointing the same direction in cosmos. It's like all other random directions. So the magnitude of the thing is like nothing because they're all kind of like, pulling in opposite directions in some ways. And I think that the lack of socio political substrate, whether it comes in the form of, like, an asset, whether it comes in the form of a leader, a philosophy, an ethos, is kind of their biggest lacking, biggest hole in some ways.
Speaker C: Tom, what's your take on the kind of cosmos political scene?
Speaker D: Yeah, I was gonna say it's kind of like Protestantism, where it's like, you know, if you want to, if you have a different view, you can go do your own thing and like, everyone's kind of cool with it, and therefore you get a million different fucking branches where versus, like, you know, ethereum is like Catholicism. It's like you got the pope, and here's the rules. And like, that's the thing. And like, you gotta be, you gotta be with us, you know? And so I agree. I mean, there's a bunch of other issues with cosmos, but when we get into them today, I think going back to kind of the debate around or sort of arguing by analogy about these other parts of computing and tech and how they've gone from bundling to unbundling or modular to monolithic, I think the question in my mind is just like, how much utility are you going to get from the specialization of these different layers to sort of justify incremental transaction costs and overhead? That's kind of ultimately what it comes down to, right? Is like that equation that trade off. And so far it doesn't really seem like with any of these other architectures, any of these other blockchains, there's like a huge clear benefit that results in some sort of, like, user story. Like, even on Solana, people are still doing the same shit they're doing on Ethereum. It's not like, oh, here's this amazing new application that people can do on Solana that they can't do on Ethereum. It's still people trading on amms, people trading nfts. Like, it's a lot of the same stuff. And so unless there is some bigger sort of story around, oh, here's this thing that is so uniquely enabled on chain whatever that you can't do on Ethereum, it seems like kind of a hard sell. And so far I think it's a story around cost, which is true. Like, I was just looking at the l two economics dashboard from a couple EPS ago. Guess how much money arbitrum spent this month on settling on Ethereum?
Speaker C: Million dollars?
Speaker D: 8,004,000 eth. Almost $8 million. So, yeah, okay, maybe there's an argument that you take cost down two orders of magnitude and maybe that unlocks something new, but it feels kind of nebulous right now.
Speaker C: Well, okay, I think for the modular blockchain story, a lot of also what makes it attractive is not just the cost of operating, but the cost of starting up. So if you want to launch a game, you want to launch a blah, blah, blah, whatever, e commerce, something. So we're investors in a company called Caldera, which does this roll up as a service stuff. These are popping up everywhere because you couldn't really do blockchain as a service. There's just too much of a lift, like getting 50 validators and getting them to token and have it be worth enough value and blah, blah, blah, all that stuff. It's just a lot of shit that you got to handle. Which is why we had so few blockchain launches. Even in the era when people really were incentivized to launch blockchains, not that many people could actually launch a fully fledged l one. It's just the overhead is really high. In the world of roll ups and modularity, there's a good argument to be made that it's just easier to spin up something off the ground. There are just fewer pieces that you have to have for yourself. It also seems true in the same way that, look, if you want to start some very simple app, you just grab the Twilio API, you grab some Amazon lambda functions, you pin something together, maybe you grab zapier as well. And you don't really have to run that much infrastructure yourself. It's great for creating small things, getting them off the ground. But ultimately, as you were describing this Tom of, okay, how does this affect the user story? How does this affect the actual user who's using the blockchain? And the answer is that if you're in a modular blockchain, then if one of those systems is upgrading or one of those systems has downtime, the whole thing has downtime. Right? And if one of the systems upgrades and the other one has incompatible, like things, like things just get fucked more when you have so many dependencies inside of your, what should be a mission critical system that's custodying money. And that, that, I think, is one of the things that makes this the most difficult to imagine. Large, really valuable blockchains that have significant sums of money taking on this modular approach. That. That, I think is probably the crux of why I think this. It's hard for me to imagine a Solana or an Ethereum or a, you know, a polygon, like the layer one polygon, not the ZKVM stuff becoming modularized, quote unquote.
Speaker E: Oh, I don't think an existing in flight major l one really is going to modularize. I think new competitors to it will be modular from the outset. I think it's really hard to take a monolith apart. I think it's really easy to build something new using legos. I don't think polygons or Ethereum or Solana or whatever will be that pattern. I think, you know, widget chain 2032 is like the thing that's going to be completely modular from the outset and designed for like a very specific application or use case or pattern.
Speaker C: Mister, do you think maybe, let me ask both you and you and Tarun, do you think that we will get to a place, let's say in five years, ten years, wherever one of the dominant blockchains, like the polygon or the binance smart chain or the Solana of the day, will be a modular blockchain?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think so. Obviously Polygon is trying. I think the Polygon ZkVM version of the world, especially with the multiple different ZKVMs already, is sort of in that world avail exists which spawned out of Polygon to do data availability. So I think they are committed to it in a lot of ways.
Speaker C: But do you think they will? That's the question. Do you think one of the top four chains in five to ten years will be modular?
Speaker B: Top four?
Speaker C: The answer is no. The fact that you're taking someone to answer this, I think the answer is clearly no.
Speaker B: I think they will get somewhere in between creating another version of themselves, or kind of making step chains that are modular and specialized for applications that start there, but then can't exhaust resources or don't, aren't able to actually work on the main.
Speaker C: That sounds like no. Is that. Can I summarize? That is no, I heard it.
Speaker E: Not really.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's what I feel like I heard.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think maybe that's right. Unless there's a, you know, you need that. You need the uniswap of modular blockchain.
Speaker E: Magnet that just gets everything using it. Oh my goodness. It turns out we needed incredible data availability over here and we could detach the execution layer. And what we were building is perfect for that.
Speaker C: Right, Tom, what do you think?
Speaker E: And maybe it's a game, maybe some crazy ass game is you play in the virtual Warcraft world or whatever, and it separately is storing your items, and some game is the perfect use case that just gets crazy throughput on both of those systems.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think that's the story. I actually expect to play out more where it's an app that gets too big for an existing chain, and instead of doing a ronin or instead of doing a cosmos chain, as you've seen the past approaches, they do their own roll up. And that's the new mo.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, another way of viewing rollups is like the ronin chain without better security assumptions than any of the ronin validators made. You don't have to figure that stuff out on your own as yield application dev. I think that is actually very powerful in the long run for applications that find some form of initial Fitzhen but then outgrow their initial substrate. And that's why I think, like, it's hard, it's hard to say for these big l ones because like they haven't had applications that have really exhausted them. Like other than sort of spam mints. No, no, but they haven't had, like.
Speaker C: How can you say that? They didn't get exhausted.
Speaker B: No, I mean, they have, they haven't had like full game type things, right? Like, like dark forest was on Xdai. It was not on, you know, things that actually have, like these games are.
Speaker C: On these other chains. They couldn't be possibly be on l one without exhausting it.
Speaker B: Correct, correct. But my point is that there's sort of this thing of like, I do feel like people are trying right now. The design pattern is still, you try on testnet, you try on Mainnet, and then you figure out if you need more resources. But I think the, the question of like when, when the transition is so like you try on testnet, you try on your own chain and then you have some of it, you know, some of the logic that, right. That design pattern we don't see yet. And if we see that, I think that's, you could view them also in some ways as in between testnet and Mainnet. That's like continuous, continuously parameters, it seems.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah. I think it's more likely maybe that it's like, okay, you start with Testnet, you start with a roll up. Then you decide whether you want to go mainnet or whether you want to go to your own roll up or your own modular something or other, whatever we're calling these things now since apparently roll up is not the preferred nomenclature. Interesting. I guess the big thing after all this conversation, by the way, I'm surprised that we spent so long talking about this because I thought this would be a very short, I didn't think there'd be much meat on this bone, but it looks like there's quite a lot. I guess the biggest thing is, look, guys, you're all very smart talking about roll ups and whether roll ups are really roll ups or not, blah, blah, blah. But to Tom's point, please, can we get our collective brain power focused on applications? Because right now, blockchain still suck. We still don't have anything to do. So that'd be awesome. If we can refocus on the. Let's find things to do with blockchains.
Speaker E: We just have to put a hundred million player game on top of a modular blockchain and we're good.
Speaker C: Maybe that's it. Maybe we're just waiting for the modularity before.
Speaker B: We just need to. Tell us what. Tell us. Tell us what game it is.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker E: Tom, what's your favorite game again? And how do we get that onto a modular block?
Speaker B: Valorant?
Speaker D: I think we're probably still a few years away from something like that happening. Yeah, I'm optimistic.
Speaker B: Yeah. I want to say my friend is one of the early engineers on Valorant, Ed riot, and he despises blockchains, so I don't think Valorant is coming.
Speaker C: Valerie shooter, right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: I was gonna say it is funny. People love do mean the whole, like, oh, we'll make a market for trading skins for, you know, game x, y, z, which is. I mean, it is a thing for counter strike because steam and valve allow that, but it's not a thing for Valorant. And it's like a touchy point where it's like, you spend money on skins and it's gone forever. You don't get it back.
Speaker C: Hmm. Interesting. Okay. All right, guys. Well, hopefully next week there'll be a little more news for us to dig into, but I think we're up on time.
Speaker B: You know, I gotta say, sometimes these random episodes are good because they draw out the animal spirits.
Speaker E: And just to close this out with one final thought, if you know anybody in the Red Bull marketing department or an advertising agency that works with them and you have an ability to get them to sponsor Tarun or the chopping block, get in touch with us.
Speaker B: We will do Red Bull ads.
Speaker C: We don't run ads on the show, but we will run Red Bull ads. I will 100% run Red Bull ads for you.
Speaker B: Look, thank you. I appreciate it.
Speaker C: Let's see if we can get you a lifetime supply.
Speaker B: This would be amazing.
Speaker C: Okay. Awesome. I'm glad we were able to end that with addressing the tension between you and me. Tarun, I think that's a good note to end the show on.
Speaker B: It's good. I'll send you some red bulls for your birthday so that you two can learn.
Speaker C: Give me addictive. That sounds great. All right, see you, everybody.
