Speaker A: Hey unchained listeners. As you know its hard keeping up with the fast paced world of crypto, so weve got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. youll get the latest crypto news in original articles from our reporters as well as summaries of other happenings in bullet points. Plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. Its still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot.
Speaker B: My biggest loser is probably Luke Dash junior and Jack Dorsey because they started this mining pool that tries to not process ordinal transactions and it has been a mega fail. Not only have they had bugs in it, they've been unable to attract people. Jack Dorsey, you know, gotta be one of my like least favorite tech moguls because he just seems to make no sense.
Speaker C: Not a dividend.
Speaker B: It's a tale of Tukwan.
Speaker D: Now your losses are on someone else's balance sheet.
Speaker E: Generally speaking, airdrops are kind of pointless anyways.
Speaker D: I named trading firms who were very involved.
Speaker B: Alec Eth is the ultimate on this.
Speaker C: Defi protocols are the antidote to this problem.
Speaker D: Hello everybody. Welcome to the chopping block. Every couple weeks, the four of us get together and give the industry insider's perspective on the crypto topics of the day. So quick intros. First, you got Tom, the Defi maven in master of memes.
Speaker E: Hello.
Speaker D: Next we got Robert, the crypto connoisseur and tsar of Super State GM, everybody. Then we've got Tarun the Giga brain and grand poo bah at Gauntlet.
Speaker B: Aloha.
Speaker D: And finally, I'm Haseeb, the head hype man at Dragonfly. We are early stage investors in crypto, but I want to caveat that nothing we say here is an investment advice, legal advice, or even life advice. Please see shoppingblock XYZ for more disclosures. So, boys, it is the end of the year. We're coming up on holiday season, so I wanted to come back and have this episode to be a review of the year. So for those of you who've been long time shopping blog listeners, you might remember at the end of every year we do a year end, kind of like best and worst of the year. So we look back over certain categories and we each share what were our biggest picks of the year. Now, this year has been absolutely bonkers. This has been definitely one of the most stressful years of my life and certainly of my career. Just the amount of sheer craziness that we were dealing with, from banking collapses to everything in crypto being securities and all the exchanges getting sued, it's been wild in some ways. It's been a very good year in terms of price action. Bitcoin's up like 150% this year, so it's been a good year in that regard, but it's also been a very intense and chaotic year. So here's the game plan. So we're going to go through a list of questions and we're each going to share what were our answers for these different categories. So the things are going to be starting with biggest winner, biggest loser, biggest surprise, best mechanism, best meme, best or worst pivot, uh, biggest flop, comeback story, favorite chopping block guest, and then predictions for 2024. So that's how it's going to play. We'll go ahead and start with the first category, which is biggest winner of the year. Uh, so we'll go around. Robert, why don't you start? Who is your biggest winner for 2023?
Speaker C: So this is a really boring biggest winner, and you guys are going to ridicule me. But the biggest winner in my mind has been just the rebound across the board in asset prices across the entire ecosystem. January 1 to now, bitcoin is up almost three x most assets are. It really has been wide and broad in terms of the recovery in asset prices following an incredibly brutal 2022. And I think the most obvious winner of all is just asset prices for the investors that hold crypto assets.
Speaker D: So us, so we are the biggest winners.
Speaker C: Most people listening to this show are the biggest winners.
Speaker D: The chopping block listeners are the biggest winners. That's good. That's good. Nice. Good. Way to open up some populism. I like that. Tarun, who's your biggest winner?
Speaker B: The Solana ecosystem. I mean, think about January 1 of this year, right? Everyone wrote them off. I think they had, like I said on the show before, nuclear leveled, destruction event, like an event that if your community is not very good, everyone just leaves and says, fuck you, I'm never coming back. And I think it was proof that that's like a real community and not just a set of mercenaries. I think, you know, if you look at a lot of other l one s, they don't have that level of dedication or commitment to their community. And I certainly don't think, you know, the biggest scandal ever in crypto, being very tightly associated with your ecosystem, is very easy to get around, and the sheer level of perseverance from some of those teams is just something obviously very commendable. But, I mean, sure, the price reflects a lot of that, but I think the, you know, if I look at the GitHub commits, if I look at the people who are working in that ecosystem, I think they have, to me, just be the number one winners. Right. There are a lot of other l one s that didn't have anywhere near the level of extinction event, but just didn't even make any progress, relatively speaking, any progress this year. Just look at their code bases, look at things like that. Whereas people in that ecosystem, through the adversity, we're just continuing to grind, and I think they have to be the biggest winner in my mind this year.
Speaker D: Good pick.
Speaker C: See, I put them down for the biggest comeback story, and you, you scooped me.
Speaker D: Okay. Okay. Good. Spoilers on future. Yeah. Can't be spoiling your later picks. Come on, Robert. All right, Tom, who's you? Who do you got for biggest winner?
Speaker E: I will answer, but before I answer, I want to give a quick shout out to the petite, flickering candle in Trune's table in his background. It's just really bringing the holiday ambiances episode, so thank you.
Speaker D: What holiday cheer. Oh, my goodness.
Speaker E: Did you light that before you recorded this? Or, like, was that just.
Speaker B: The funny thing is I'm always lighting candles or incense in my house, and it's the first time I've been back home in, like, two weeks or something. So I was just like, I got home and I immediately lit a candle because that's just like, how I will.
Speaker D: Also, Tarun is wearing red and he has green hair, so it's actually also very festive.
Speaker B: Yeah, I guess. I guess I am. Christmas.
Speaker C: He's drinking a red ball.
Speaker D: Oh, hey, hey. Very true. Kind of like, cheers to that.
Speaker B: Nice.
Speaker D: Look at you guys. You guys coordinating on this?
Speaker E: Yeah, I was like, it's sweater season. True, and let's whip it out. And this is where we're at. My biggest winner is tether. I think tether from now versus a year ago, it was totally different. Right. I think that the sentiment, end of 2022 was tether is illegitimate, circle is legit. Tether is going to get shut down eventually. Everyone's going to migrate to USDC. Marcus starts turning, everyone's going to move out of stable coins. These companies are going to collapse. In fact, the exact opposite has happened. Tether has grown substantially. They're actually higher than their 2022 peak, whereas USDC is, I think, at half or less of its 2022 peak due to rising interest rates. Tether is now printing money. I think they're made several billion dollars in revenue this year, most of that in profit, given it's a pretty low Opex capex operation. And three, they're really trying to legitimize themselves. I think Cantor Fitzgerald, which custodies their treasuries. One of their executives went on CNBC yesterday singing Tether's praises. If you go to Turkey, if you go to Argentina, people want Tether on TroN. I mean, of all places. But they use it for payments, they use it for their sort of daily currency. And so tether has really sort of emerged as this, like, legitimize, practical story. And also it's just a great narrative for crypto around real world use case and providing value to people's lives. So that's my 2023 winner.
Speaker D: Yeah. Very good call on that. So my winner for biggest winner, I had Brad Garlinghouse. So Brad Garlinghouse is the founder of Ripple, one of the founders of Ripple. And very famously, he was being sued by the SEC under the claim that XRP was a security. And he probably had what was the most major legal win for crypto this year was the ruling by Judge Torres that XRP was not in and of itself as security. And XRP kind of blasted its way into being once again, a hero of crypto, despite the fact that, I think, over the past few years, many people were detractors of XRP, but they've kind of stood out in front of the whole industry, standing up to the incursion of Gensler and the SEC claiming that everything in crypto security and this whole industry is the whole industry of tokens, I should say, is grounded in this kind of legal illegitimacy. So big kudos to Brad. He's fought a fight for the whole industry, and he's, at least for now, seems to be winning that fight. So huge kudos to him. And I think the people who are holders of XRP rightfully rejoicing over the performance of their token. All right, so we got picks for biggest winner. Now let's reverse it and say biggest loser, and we'll go in reverse order. The biggest loser I have for this year, Michael Lewis. So Michael Lewis, he was the famous author who wrote a book about SBF called going Infinity, I think is what it was called. And it was the first book. It was like the first blockbuster book about SBF after he was apprehended and it was released right as the trial was kicking off. And he has been lambasted for the tone of this book, which has been very sympathetic to SPF, very pro like, oh, he's a tortured genius, and he just made one little boo boo. And, you know, it was all. It was all an accident. He had the best intentions. And I think now, especially after the SPF trial, the tone of this book seems just laughably naive. And so I don't think Michael Lewis has aged well. And I think, you know, going forward, it's hard to not see this book as a pockmark on what's otherwise been a very impressive career. That's my pick. That's a good one, Tom. Biggest loser.
Speaker E: I actually had maybe the flip side of yours. I had the SEC, I think for the past, let's say, four or five years in crypto, the SEC has been this boogeyman, especially under Gensler, and people are terrified to really operate or feel very oppressed to do anything in the US. I think this year, we started to see a little bit of that fade away, obviously, with the ripple loss, but it generally sort of bipartisan pushback on Gensler and the SEC sort of overstepping their area where they operate. I think there's also, obviously, the Chevron doctrine being questioned and reevaluated. And so I think, overall, just a lot more skepticism around what the SEC is doing with respect to crypto, but operating overall, and it feels like that momentum is going to continue into 2024 and beyond. So that's my pick.
Speaker D: Yeah, it has really been a phase shift this year. Like, I think people were much more differential to the SEC last year compared to this year, especially with both Coinbase.
Speaker E: And Ripple and the ETF news picking up. It feels like really, the cards are sort of being forced against then.
Speaker D: Right. I remember back when Coinbase first sued the SEC, there were so many legal commentators saying, this is insane, this is suicide. Why would you sue your own regulator? And now it looks like. Oh, yeah, of course. Like 100% they should. This is the right move.
Speaker B: Well, now everyone's doing it, too. Right? Like, now people are like, SEc comes after me, I sue them. Which, you know. Yeah. I think that once the floodgates are open, the capital and legal, legal entities in crypto are ready to fight, which was just not true a couple of years ago, I think.
Speaker D: Right. So. Okay, Tarun, who's your biggest loser?
Speaker B: I'm going to have to go circle to take the kind of opposite side of Tom.
Speaker C: Good choice.
Speaker B: You know, obviously the SVB stuff was bad, but like, I also just feel like maybe it's just maybe my personal experience going to other countries, going to places like Turkey, and people are still angry about the deep. It's like, I just think like, there's a. There was a really huge amount of brand destruction and it wasn't their fault. Right. Like, for the record, like, I'm not, I'm not trying to stay circled themselves. Even did something that's like the sad part about it, right? Like, they actually tried to do everything by the book. Right? They like used us banks. They like, had the right auditing. They did all the stuff that they should have, but I think they just kind of lost the market of the real non speculative users. I think obviously in Defi circle, USDC still has a huge toehold. But I just think the market share destruction, it really does sort of feel like a one way function. I'm not sure how they can come back from it. So I think they're the biggest loser. But again, in a way where it's. It's not their fault necessarily. You can, you can, you can't like, attribute causality to like, they did something that caused them to be in that position directly, but they, they definitely seem to have taken this huge blow. And I think the interesting thing is, in the current run up, the majority of the new USDC you see is actually just going to Solana, you don't see that much USDC net, new USDC elsewhere. So I really think the tether dominance thing, it's going to be very hard to overcome.
Speaker D: That makes sense. All right, Robert, what's your biggest loser for the year?
Speaker C: Well, I'll start off with a micro answer, which is SPF is an easy one to pick simply because we all very publicly watched him lose in his defense. But more seriously, this is actually similar to my first answer. I think the biggest loser in aggregate are the listeners and residents of the US and large, because this is yet another year where there's been really no progress on legislation. I was very optimistic at the end of last year on our episode that this would be a year where we would finally to see legislation adding clarity, not the judicial system, but proactive legislation. And it's yet another year where the year has come and gone. And there's been a couple of things that have made it out of committee, but there's really no progress on crypto legislation in the US. And I think this was a major year coming in the shadow of SPF coming in the shadow of collapse last year. And there's a lot of people that were more optimistic that this would finally be the moment. But yet another year has passed and we have not seen legislation creating clarity in the US.
Speaker D: Wait, so, okay, so chopping block listeners is the biggest winner. Americans are the biggest losers. So how does it put american chopping block listeners?
Speaker C: You know, it's a grab bag.
Speaker B: Horseshoe theory.
Speaker C: Horseshoe theory. That's right. Yeah. It's both good and bad simultaneously.
Speaker D: It makes total sense. Total sense. Let's move on. Next category is biggest surprise, which might be a tough one in a year full of surprises. We'll go in a different order. Tarun, you're up first. Biggest surprise.
Speaker B: That is actually a bit of a difficult one because I feel like a lot of the things we mentioned already sort of qualify. Maybe I'll go for something on the technical side. I think the biggest surprise is that layer twos can be beaten by Ponzi multisig bridges by a long shot. Good choice in the sense that I feel like we've spent so much time on security and so much time on analysis and making sure these things are safe. And what we've learned is users really just want one number, which is points or yield. And I guess maybe a secondary surprise is this idea that these point systems have somehow become ubiquitous. Where point systems are things where you use a protocol, you aggregate points, think almost like rewards points on your credit card, and then based on how much usage you have, you get some type of airdrop. So it's sort of a, if you think about airdrops in 2021 or 2020, it was like, hey, did you, how much capital did you put in the system? Or how many resources have you committed? Whereas now it's sort of action based, like, did you do this? Many actions of this form? But I'm still surprised they kind of took off the way they did.
Speaker D: But is it really biggest surprise so much as biggest reminder of human nature?
Speaker C: I was going to say it's best mechanism and probably best mechanism. Yeah.
Speaker D: All right, well, we're sorry. Let's not front run. Let's not frontrun ourselves.
Speaker B: I think to me, it's just more surprising that that point system completely overrides any security concerns, which is what we learned.
Speaker D: Fair enough. Fair enough. I mean, right.
Speaker B: In the sense of blast. Right. It's like, purely like, hey, we're going to give you points. We're not going to tell you how. Okay, here's $800 million of TVL.
Speaker D: Sure, sure. Yeah. I think that kind of thing happens all the time in crypto. It's just not generally on our timelines, is the way that I would put it.
Speaker B: I just didn't see that size of. To antiquote do Kwan, that size is size.
Speaker D: True, true, true, true. All right, so my choice for biggest surprise was crypto unbanking the banks. So, if you remember the banking crisis which kicked off in the US and was this huge, monumental thing on a global scale, it started with crypto banks. It started with Silvergate, and then it became signature and SVB, which SVB was not really that significant portion of the deposit was crypto, but it was true for Silvergate and for signature. Now, in retrospect, when we look back at the time, people were really trying to pin the tail on the donkey, that crypto caused this. This was because of crypto that the banks went under, which at the time, I mean, in retrospect, when you do the full accounting, it's like, well, was it really because of crypto? I mean, maybe Silvergate was because of crypto, because crypto deposits were flighty, but really, the underlying cause was interest rates, right? And the fact that their balance sheets were all loaded up on treasuries and yields just did something very bad. When interest rates went up on bonds that were purchased in the zero interest rate environment, there was a hot second when everybody in the world was convinced that crypto had broke the banking sector. And that was incredible. It wasn't exactly true, but it was this moment that we were like, oh, wow, crypto can absolutely change the world. Not in the direction that we were imagining. The fact that we, as an industry could be at the center, or at least appear to be at the center, of one of the most monumental events this year. That was a huge surprise. I was definitely not prepared for that.
Speaker E: That was very frustrating to sort of watch in the news, especially when it started to hit non crypto related banking, like First Republic. Right? And there's always some new scapegoat. There's always some new bullshit, even though the answer, I think, is fairly obvious. But crypto makes a great scapegoat. I guess my biggest surprise, actually, maybe playing off of Toronto, is actually the rise of l two s. I think there is a narrative in 2021, 2022 that, why do I need an l two? I can just make my own EVM compatible l one. I have a bridge. It's good enough. And now I can have my own token, I can bootstrap my own network, and it's super fast and super cheap, and everyone loves it. That's where all those EVM chains came from. No one was really paying attention to l two s. Or just like, why am I paying ethereum for security? What does this token do? There was a lot of fudding around it. I think 2023 was the exact opposite. I was actually looking obviously not the best metric, but l two TVL is up almost five x from January of this year. And that's not just optimism, that's not just arbitrum. That's obviously some of the new l two that are launching, like Zksync, but it's also the entire op stack ecosystem of base and people running all these roll ups as a service. And so it really feels like this is the new meta of, hey, if you want to, instead of launching a new chain, launch your own roll up if you're an app, if you're an exchange, if you're a new ecosystem, whatever. And so that has been sort of the biggest spirit. Surprising me is basically just this total 180 from kind of this 2022 narrative around l one s and bridges.
Speaker D: Good answer. All right, Robert, biggest surprise.
Speaker C: You know, this is a year where I feel like there was very few surprises, especially in terms of magnitude versus the prior year, 2022. I felt like there was earth shattering surprises lurking almost every other weekend. For me, the biggest, when I look back, shocking event was related to what folks have already said. But it was the USDC deep. That was the only thing that caused me to legitimately express a moment of shock that I wasn't prepared for mentally or intellectually. And there was a huge amount of expectations in the ecosystem that because of the level of transparency and the quality of infrastructure around USDC, that it couldnt tpeg that the market would be rational enough that it would understand that. And amidst the banking crisis, we saw USDC 18% when it was still money, good when it was still a dollar in the bank over just one wild, wild weekend. And that, to me, I think is the biggest surprise. You know, it's funny because I mentally don't even remember it. It feels like five years ago at this point, but that was the only thing where I wasn't expecting it. All the other things like crypto being scapegoated for all the problems of the world, not a surprise to me. Totally expected. But I think that was the biggest surprise. Hopefully 2024 has very few surprises.
Speaker D: I am sure that will not happen in any way.
Speaker B: Yeah. Again, for record, I kind of feel bad for circle more than anything else, because I don't think they did anything wrong. Like, it. In some ways, it was like exogenous things that completely.
Speaker C: It was also because of the transparency about what was backing USDC that's like, actually part of the culprit. Tether didn't have the same issue because nobody knew at the time what was backing tether. It was, oh, well, you know, USDC has 10% of its cash with Silvergate or SVB. One of those here. I forget which one at this point. And it was because of that level of transparency that people like that weekend.
Speaker D: To tether all also close redemptions.
Speaker B: No, no.
Speaker D: So, yeah, the problem was not the SVB, obviously, the SVB affiliation was an issue. But the problem is that circle was not doing redemptions over the weekend. Right. Coinbase and Circle were not doing redemptions over the weekend. So there was no exhaust valve for any money that wanted to get out. I do think. I mean, so I agree with you. That was a fucking harrowing weekend. Probably the most stressful weekend this year, or probably the most stressful moment this year was seeing the. The deep. Like, that's the only thing I can think of this year that felt on par with the FTX collapse or the Luna collapse last year in terms of just the. Just the raw craziness of the moment and the intensity of that time and just the fear that I felt looking at what is happening in this industry. But tether didn't turn off redemptions even though, like, you know, the. The 24/7 clearing networks were both shut down at that time. So the thing I think that circle did do wrong, or maybe circle and Coinbase together, is that they took way too long to assuage markets that circle that, like, you know, USDC was good. They basically took this kind of legalistic stance of like, we should not say anything until we actually know for certain that blah, blah, blah, instead of saying, yo, we're good for it, we have the equity balance sheet that even if SBB goes to zero, we will be good. They should have gone into the markets and said so. And I think to this day, they're reaping the damage of not having calmed the markets that way.
Speaker C: Totally agree.
Speaker E: I agree. I think at the same time, there is a little bit of a curse to going to, you know, public channels and saying we're totally solvent.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker D: No, no, no. They very different. Say you're solvent versus like, yo, we will back this if something goes wrong with SVBH.
Speaker E: I mean, my mothers are functionally similar. Even like, the SVB president was going on Twitter and saying, no, we're totally fine. Hold your cash here. I think every collapsed exchange or protocol or whatever has also kind of said the same thing. And so I hear you. I guess it's in my mind, it's a bit of a coin flip of, hey, are you able to build momentum back to sort of stop the outflow or, oh, shit, why is this person going on Twitter and trying to convince me of something that shouldn't need to be convinced about, um, that my bank is solving or my, my stable point is solvent?
Speaker D: I mean, look, once your, once your stable coin is trading for $0.82, it's time to start talking. Like, you know. Yeah, like, you need to get out there and start controlling the data. Like, I mean, look, a stable coin dpeg is just the, it's like, this is it. There's nothing else to wait for. You know, like maybe when you're at $0.98, it's like, okay, you know, just whatever, it'll repeg. But once, I mean, it was like a day that it was like at 90 to 80, and, um, that there was so much damage caused by just the waiting and everybody panicking. The furthest thing goes, the more people panic. Anyway, let's, let's move on. Next question is best mechanism. Best mechanism of the year? Uh, since you guys already blew your load on this one, Robert, we'll start with you. What's, what do you have for best mechanism?
Speaker C: Well, my pick was points. You know, we've already touched on this, but the idea that you have a lot of different crypto applications or protocols or l two s or quasi l two s, you know, that are using this concept of points to start attributing value to users before distributing a token is brilliant. It's nefarious, it's, you know, what crypto deserves. You know, you have a bunch of.
Speaker B: Folks now get through a lot of legal issues.
Speaker C: It gets around, but maybe it creates new ones, like elsewhere. I don't want to say it's the inevitable outcome of all this stuff, but it's both an incredibly effective and somewhat disappointing outcome in that you have not people doing things to get magical Internet money, but people doing things to get magical Internet points that aren't even magical Internet money. And its just kind of amusing to me at a fundamental level. But I think I want to give it best mechanism because its so fundamentally effective. I know so many people that are totally appending the way that they interact with crypto economic systems because of these points, and it seems so juvenile, but its the reality.
Speaker E: Yeah ill touch on points briefly, but ill also just choose something new for the sake of choosing something new. I think the other thing that is great about points is its basically liquidity mining with a human in the loop. The issue with one of the issues with liquidity mining is you can set it once and then you can't really change it again, which is not really how you want to do paid acquisition. You would never say, I'm going to spend a million dollars on Google Ads for this week and here's the copy and I hope it works out. It's always very iterative. There's a feedback loop and you constantly tailor it to make sure that you're not overspending, that you're the making sure that the money that you are spending is being used effectively. Points in my mind fit a little bit of that bucket where you can give out a bunch of points to people and then sort of retroactively filter out the sibling decide, okay, this was actually the more useful activity. This is the less useful activity. Heres the conversion rate Im going to do. And thats something that I think has been missing in a lot of liquidity mining systems where you just give out the tokens and hope for the best.
Speaker C: Well to your point, also have the ability to not just retroactively change things, but on a going forward basis. Change how points are created on a week to week basis. I mean there's been multiple projects that are like now this week we're giving out points for X and then a week later it's like now we're giving out points for Y and then the next week now we're giving out points for Z and it allows them to keep on modifying their going forward behavior. Yes, it's wild.
Speaker E: Yeah, I think it seems like the future for the way people are doing liquidity mining and incentivization. But my other best mechanism is going to be not friendtech but specifically the royalty creator mechanism within frontech. Fronttech obviously you can buy someone's token, get into their chat, have a conversation with them. I think the product obviously has its own issues. I think one of the really clever things they did beyond the points was or killing two birds with 1 st. One is how do you properly compensate creators. Two is how do you solve this royalties problem with NFTs or assets where you can't actually on chain enforce, that royalties get paid on different trades. They sort of solve both of these by saying, hey, instead of having to you clear them to sell new tokens or having this weird creator token that you don't really know how to monetize other than maybe you can sell it, you're actually going to monetize on the exchange fees themselves, which I think is quite clever. Two is basically by having this vertically integrated app and not outsourcing the trading to Uniswap or to open cd and saying, hey, if you want to go trade the assets that we're trading, go to some third party where you're relinquishing control over the royalties. They didn't really make them tokens at all and baked them into their contract natively, and then they can enforce their fees, enforce their royalties, enforce the monetization system that they want. And so it's almost, again sort of the opposite of the way the industry was previously going, which is we just make the token, we just make the NFT, you go somewhere else to trade it, and we don't really have control over it. To going totally vertically integrated, which is maybe a bit antithetical to how the rest of crypto operates. But I thought it was a very interesting experiment at the very least.
Speaker D: Yeah, good answer. So my answer here was organic yield for best mechanism. Now, it's a little bit of more of a meme of a mechanism than an actual mechanism, but organic yield is this idea, I guess, named for millennials, I suppose. But the idea of organic yield, as opposed to normal yield, is that in organic yield, you're getting the yield denominated in some other base asset that is not your stupid projects token. So you're getting your yield in USDC, or you're getting your yield in ether. And the reason why this organic yield supposedly is because it's coming from some kind of organic activity that's actually willing to pay revenue. And this organic yield meme, now, I think this was started with GMX, and now I think base has co opted this idea that, okay, they're giving you organic yield because, you know, if you put your money into base, you're getting yield from real revenue generating activities, such as, you know, staking it through lido or putting it into compound or what, you know, whatever it is that they're doing with USCC. I actually don't know. I'm sorry, Maker, dad. That's what it was, putting it into, maker. So this organic yield meme, for whatever reason, it seems to just really animate people. We could just call it yield. I think that's like a more obvious name for it, but the term organic yield just gets people so excited. So it seems to me like it's a mechanism that seems to be taking off. Tarun, what do you got? Best mechanism?
Speaker B: Yeah, I kind of have, like two answers. So I'm going to give the highbrow answer and the lowbrow answer. The lowbrow answer is ordinals. Um, so really shoving extra data into taproot. I mean, my biggest loser is probably Luke Dash Junior and Jack Dorsey because they've started this mining pool that tries to not process ordinal transactions. And it has been a mega fail. Not only have they had bugs in it, they've been unable to attract people. Jack Dorsey, you know, gotta be one of my, like, least favorite tech moguls because he just seems to make no sense. Like, his choices make no fucking sense. As. As well as fashion choices. I'm not also not a big fan.
Speaker C: Of, but your fashion choices are definitely better than his.
Speaker B: Great, thank you. I'll take that. I'll take that. I just like, I just, you know, Jack Dorsey, really, I don't know what this. Anyway, so ordinals finding this very clever hack of, hey, here's some extra data we can shove in and, oh, look, we can actually now store metadata for nfts, or, oh, look, we can now store something that looks vaguely like a token contract, although without any of the security of a normal token contract. And I think it's one of the most hilarious things is that they're called BRC twenties. Like bitcoin wasn't even. The bitcoiners didn't even try to come up with another name for their token center. They're like, well, Ethereum calls it ERC 20. Why don't we just call it BRC 20? Now that's a justin sun move, right?
Speaker D: Yes, it is.
Speaker B: He originally called it TRC 20. And. And you think bitcoiners, with their purity and like the we fucking hate Ethereum dot dot dot, would somehow succumb to some type of purity test.
Speaker C: 20 just needs token at this point.
Speaker E: Are they even 19 other brcs? I want to see the GitHub.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. Exactly. It's actually ridiculous. But if you look at the volume market cap, the fees that have been generated for bitcoin, it is the thing that's making bitcoin look much more sustainable. Bitcoin, for the first time in years at this point, was able to beat Ethereum fees on a daily basis a few times. And I think you have to give people a lot of credit for ingenuity of hacking something that almost looks like, hey, you could write a little extra data somewhere and turning it into a clever mechanism? No, but is it a mechanism that found a way to, to rile up Jack Dorsey? Yes. And I think the highbrow one is just like the concept of restaking, I think, that has shown up in 20 different places and, like, everyone and their mom is doing it. You know, I would say some things that aren't live look a lot like, you know, there are a lot of things that aren't live that are restaking, but there are things that are our lives that basically act as restaking. A lot of the oracle, the way oracles work in some other networks, like in Cosmos land, looks very similar to rest taking. And I think 2024 will have. That is going to be the thing that has huge growth. Maybe I'm front running my own answer to the 2024 things.
Speaker D: Okay. All right, so let's move on from the relatively highbrow question of best mechanism to the lower brow question of best meme. Tarun, we're going to start with you. What is your best meme for 2023?
Speaker B: I think the David Beckham meme, the one was like the.
Speaker C: I don't even know that.
Speaker D: What is that? Yeah, what is that?
Speaker B: You know, there's like, the. The David Beckham and his wife. I forget what her name, which Spice Girl she was, but she, I guess there's some documentary or something, and he's a. She's like, oh, yes, I grew up, like, poor. Whatever. And then David Beckham opens a little door and there's a picture, and he's.
Speaker C: Like, oh, that meme.
Speaker B: Oh, really? And then it's like, okay, yeah, we had a Rolls Royce, but then people really, like, edited that meme format. You know, I'm talking about that, like, yeah, we'll throw.
Speaker D: We'll throw it up on the screen for anybody who's watching the video.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think those, those memes were, like, my favorite because people really found a very obtuse ways of using this. I know it's an end of the year meme, so there's obviously some recency bias, but I also just feel like crypto people were kind of sad until, like, April, so, like, the memes kind of sucked. So I'm just, like, throwing away the first quarter of the year.
Speaker D: Yeah, no, that's fair. That's fair. Yeah. The meme velocity around the FTX collapse is also extremely high. So there's a very generous, not fun.
Speaker B: A lot of them weren't necessarily.
Speaker D: No, no. Very depressing. Yeah, yeah. Very sad and kind of end of the world type memes. So I had two best memes, one which I don't even know how crypto related was, but Pinky doll I had as the best meme for the year.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah, without question.
Speaker D: Okay, so for those who don't know, because I imagine most of our listeners probably have no idea what that is. So Pinky doll was this phenomenon, I think it was like the middle of the year, maybe in the summer. She was this lady who is on TikTok, and she was making very strange reactions to notifications that were popping up on the screen. And she was saying things like gang, gang and ice cream. So good. And all these random things in a very robotic way, repeatedly based on different interactions. And so people were like, what on earth is going on? What is wrong with millennials or Gen Z?
Speaker C: Actually, they're the problem.
Speaker D: Gen Z, I guess. And so it turned out that what this is is what's called an NPC fetish. NPC stands for non playable character. And so basically it's somebody who is pretending to be a non playable character in a video game, such that if you tip them a small amount of money, they will give you a canned reaction. And apparently this is like a big thing. And wasn't it like DJ Khaled or something is like a big consumer of NPC content or somebody like that? Some rapper was like one of the top players.
Speaker B: Timberland spent like 200k or something on Timberland.
Speaker D: I was thinking of. Yeah, just like it's like some really.
Speaker C: It's like the modern strip club, like in a TikTok form, you know?
Speaker D: Yeah, but it's not sexual. It's not sexual. That's the thing. I mean, like she is. It doesn't seem sexual, I should say, you know, from the face of it. So I also had a tie. So the two I had was pinky doll number one. And then number two is modularity. And ill just present that without comment. Tom, what do you got? Best memes?
Speaker E: I was going to go, Im trying to figure out how to describe it, but theres sort of this crypto to AI spectrum, from malady Remilio to based redacted gang to little clear pill to Chloe 21 e eight and effective accelerationism. And I feel like that sort of pocket of the Internet has really had an outstanding year in terms of people leaning into being pro AI, into sort of taking the clear pill, I believe is the phrase. And so this is, in my mind, is sort of the adjacent maybe next evolution of sort of the milady Romillo.
Speaker C: Gang that's above my head. I'm not cool enough.
Speaker D: I didn't realize there was a connection there.
Speaker B: I kind of agree with you, actually. I was. I was in San Francisco and I. I went to some e Acc party and it did feel very much like going to a milady grave, but minus the music.
Speaker D: Wait, how do they pronounce it? Do they not say I?
Speaker B: Well, some people do. I. But I just, I guess.
Speaker D: What did they say at the lady rave?
Speaker B: Yeah, I just. I don't like the way. It sounds kind of weird to me. So I spell it, but it's like a milady rave, but with no music because it's San Francisco and people don't really have good music tastes there. So.
Speaker D: Yeah. Sorry. We should explain for the audience what is IAC? Maybe just like 10 seconds.
Speaker B: Okay. It's sort of this movement that was sort of founded by this Internet character named Beth Jesus, who was recently doxxed by Forbes, although people have been unable to determine whether that was a purposeful docs or not. There's a lot of conspiracy that he did it to launch his company because his company launched the next day and had this big announcement. But basically what effective accelerationism is, is the antithesis to effective altruism, where effective altruists love spending hundreds of millions of dollars trying to ensure that there's a AI safety or AI alignment such that the AI's don't kill us or eat us.
Speaker C: In theory they do.
Speaker B: Yeah, in theory. In theory, of course. Instead they spend it on life coaches for themselves or whatever bullshit that EA people love doing.
Speaker E: Castles in the english countryside.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, exactly. All that type of shit.
Speaker C: Penthouse condos in the Bahamas.
Speaker D: I don't actually, but I've read about it.
Speaker B: But I would do for an effective accelerationist. Or people are like, actually, no, we should just try to make the technology as good as possible, as fast as possible, and like accelerate our achieving, you know, the singularity. I would say the effective accelerationists are like Gen Z Ray Kurzweil, you know, they've kind of like, they have his ethos, but like, for people who are younger. And then of course, there's the Vitalik. Vitalik wrote from, you know, a really nice blog post comparing and contrasting the two and putting himself sort of in, in the middle, but closer to the acceleration side, I would say. He said cautious accelerationism.
Speaker D: So was it DEAC is like defensive acceleration?
Speaker B: Defensive, yes. But the EAC people are just like, let's move as fast as possible. And like, you know, after the OpenAI stuff that we saw, wow, I can't believe that was only, like, three or four weeks ago. That feels like months ago.
Speaker D: Yeah, totally.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah. Basically is like, break it on. Like, let's.
Speaker B: They're the other side, and, like, you could argue they're the biggest winners culturally from the OpenAI thing in my mind, TBD.
Speaker D: TBD. We still don't know the board composition, but I don't know that having Larry Summers on your board means that you're going any faster.
Speaker B: I don't think having Larry Summers on your board means that you're going to be good at AI safety.
Speaker D: Yeah, I don't know what it means, to be honest. Anyway. All right, let's move on. Best meme, Robert?
Speaker C: Well, this is somewhat of a meme, but the bitcoin ETF, I think, has been the most successful meme of 2023.
Speaker D: Why is that a meme? What?
Speaker C: Because it's a meme. Because right now it exists primarily in idea form, and the idea is memetic in nature, and it has spread virally throughout the crypto and non crypto communities. And the idea of the bitcoin ETF has been the most successful replicating and spreading idea in our industry, in my mind, over the last. Over this year. And it has, I think, transformed a lot of the institutional attitude towards crypto. I think it's transformed a lot of the retail attitude towards crypto, and I think it's also transformed the regulator and legislative attitude towards crypto a little bit. So I think in terms of the impact on our space bitcoin ETF, number one most successful meme.
Speaker D: Fair. All right, so I assume you're not implying that the substance of the ETF is not going to live up to the hype.
Speaker C: That's not what I'm applying. I think just looking at it as an academic analysis of what is a meme, I think it's a tremendously successful meme. It will exist in a 99% likelihood at some point in reality form, but, like, right now, as a meme, as an idea, it's unbelievably powerful.
Speaker D: Fair enough.
Speaker B: I will say, personally, I hope to never fucking hear about that thing again as soon as it launches. Literally, the most boring. It's, like, the most boring. For something that's supposed to be revolutionizing finance, the most interesting thing you can think of is a fucking ETF. That's kind of embarrassing.
Speaker D: Well, price going up is plenty interesting for me. I'm fascinated by seeing numbers going up, personally, sure.
Speaker B: But I just. Personally, I feel like it should be something more interesting.
Speaker D: Okay, let's move on. Next category is best or worst pivot of the year. So I'll go first for worst pivot of the year. I picked it going with worst for worst bit of the year. I have the SEC social media team. I don't know what they were doing before this, but I will say this year, I do not like the direction they're taking. The SEC. Twitter, they've publishing these.
Speaker B: Twitter or just Gary? Imagine if it's just Gary running that account.
Speaker D: It feels like it's just Gary because the levels of cringe and the ways in which they're trying to elevate Gary Gensler as like this smokey the bear for SEC and crypto protecting consumer. It's just so ridiculous and has invited nothing but ridicule. So I don't know why they're doing this or like, where the budget for this is coming from, but I would strongly recommend going back to just like writing boring articles saying, please protect yourself because I feel like that was a more effective use of their time and energy. All right, Tom, best or worst pivot of the year?
Speaker E: Worst pivot of the year. Paradigm pivoting to AI, in case you forgot that happening. Best pivot, actually. Pudgy penguins. I think when I heard about Pudgy doing this raise of, hey, we're gonna go sell plush animals at Walmart, I'm like, what the fuck is this? Like an NFT collection? What do you mean? There is no ip. It's like a bunch of pictures. And I was very, very skeptical that they'd be able to pull this off. And I think, in spite of my skepticism, they actually have pulled this off. I think they've been selling millions or tens of millions of dollars of these plushies. As we see pudgies now in a lot of non crypto context and non crypto circles, they've been doing a really good job at pushing the pudgy image and not even tying it back to the NFTs. But the NFT price has also pumped in response to all this excitement, and they're now like ten each or something. So I give a lot of kudos to the pudgy Penguins team for sort of, I think, blazing a different path for how NFT teams can monetize and what sort of the future of, I don't know, NFTs look like. That's my best pivot.
Speaker D: Nice. All right, Robert, best or worst pivot?
Speaker C: Well, this is an abstract one, but I'm going to give simultaneously worst and best pivot to microstrategy pivoting. Into a levered bitcoin trade.
Speaker B: The real bitcoin ETF.
Speaker C: The real bitcoin ETF. This time last year, I would have given it worse pivot simply because it put the company in an incredibly precarious position. This year, with the recovery in prices, it looks like one of the best pivots of all time. Going from a software business into a levered bitcoin trade.
Speaker D: You mean like when they originally bought the bitcoin in, what was it?
Speaker C: Transforming their company into a levered bitcoin. As of the end of 2023, with assets on the rise, this looks to be one of the most obviously dangerous, silly, crazy pivots of all time. But it's starting to look like a genius move for them. And so I am reluctant to give them the title of best pivot. But here in December 2023, I am forced to acknowledge that this is best pivot.
Speaker D: Fair enough. Tarun, what do you got?
Speaker B: Mine is maybe not a single entity, but I think watching all of the. Almost every single alt layer one do what I would call a simp and pivot to saying they could be a data availability layer after seeing Celestia reach over $10 billion FTV has been hilarious because it's like all of these people made fun of l two s, right? Their entire social media presence. Like, l two suck. Use a layer one, we've made it better, blah, blah, blah. And then all of a sudden now they're like, oh, actually, actually. Just kidding, just kidding, just kidding. Celestia is worth a lot. We should be worth a lot. We're going to do da. It's a very funny social media pivot. I think there is this interesting thing, though, of, like, it makes sense. It's just. I think some of the ways that the social media teams have marketed this is a little bit, like, shameless. Cringe in some ways, and it's like every single l one. Like, there's no one who hasn't already done this. And it's sort of this. It's interesting. It's interesting. I think, like, we're going to see this kind of explosion of da layers as a way of servicing roll ups and inevitable. Right. But I think it was just a little bit shameless. Like, you needed, like, the price of something to go up a lot, and then all of a sudden, everyone said, we're going, you made this. We made this. I don't know, it's just like the social media team for some of these places, I feel like, could just be a little more, like, appreciative. Instead of being like, no, fuck you. We already could do this. It's like there's somehow this lack of kumbaya amongst.
Speaker D: Somehow. I wonder where that came from. Maybe because they took lots of money.
Speaker B: From investors in a way that I think, like, you know, people who like Vitalik or Anatoly, you have to have a lot of respect for it because they. They don't do this. They don't do this. Like, you made this. I made this thing. That's true.
Speaker D: But they are sitting on, like, tens of billions of dollars of network value created. So it is, to be fair, like, I would say, if you are a founder and you have an l, one that no one's using, rebrand yourself all day. I 100% endorse telling everybody that you're a DA layer.
Speaker B: I'm not. I'm not going to hate on it in that way. I'm just going to hate on the way it sounds. Always just comes off as, like, very disingenuous.
Speaker D: Fair enough. Okay, next category is biggest flop of the year. There's something that had a lot of promise but under delivered and didn't achieve the stardom that it hoped for to ruin. You're up first. What's your biggest flop of the year?
Speaker B: As it's always common, somehow bored apes have to show up. But I feel like all of the eight coin proposals, all of the, like. Do you remember?
Speaker D: Yeah, I completely forgot about the other side.
Speaker B: They're still working on it. I mean, I actually just saw a proposal from arbitrum to, like, have ape dao be an arbitrum stylus chain. You know, obviously, op made a proposal a few months ago. It's just, like, a testament to the lack of intellectual center in that community that they can't even figure out how to do even one 1,000,000th of the things they promise.
Speaker D: Tarun, that is an amazing insult to accuse someone of having a lack of an intellectual center. That's so good. I need to start using that in my day to day life.
Speaker B: I don't know who else they promise so much, you know? You're talking about pudgy Penny.
Speaker D: Did they, though? What did they actually promise?
Speaker E: Big metaverse game.
Speaker D: Yeah, they promised other side. Right? But they're working on it.
Speaker C: Well, in the meantime, they've released, like, multiple new, like, token staking games where they made new nfts for, like, the other side deeds, and then they made these, like, gems that, like, you know, your deed needs in order to make another NfT that's, like, just like, oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: Like, like, as sort of a dual to Tom's answer before, right, where, like, they actually did sort of the minimum viable thing with their ip, which probably hadn't. Like, Tom was hinting at, like, almost zero value, and they turned it into something with value. And board apes went the exact opposite way.
Speaker C: And, like, it's extreme NfT dilution in, like, the board ape plan where, like, they just keep on coming up with new collections. Like, and it's like you have to be paying attention 24/7 just to, like, continue to get all these, like, sillier and weirder nfts.
Speaker D: All right, Robert, what do you got? Biggest flop of the year.
Speaker C: I feel like you took a juicy one. That's salacious. I can't really think of a biggest flop this year. The biggest flop, in my mind, is probably the presumed binance supremacy, especially with its settlement with the us government. There was a time where binance was the most important exchange, and I think just the intellectual mantle of importance is declining for them. So I wouldn't call it a flop per se, but a dethroning, um, if you consider that flop like or flop adjacent, I would say it's binance.
Speaker D: All right, good answer. Tom, what do you got? Biggest flop?
Speaker E: I got two. I don't know if one qualifies because I don't know if there was ever anything to be that optimistic about in the first place. But the saga phone, I remember when they announced saga, people were excited about the idea, or salon people were excited, and I think they've sold fewer than 10,000 phones. They cut the price in half. Like, I think even anatoly went on a podcast recently, was like, it was an experiment, and we're trying something new. And so I don't know how much faith and resources were actually placed behind it, but it just kind of felt one of those things where obviously this was not going to work and it didn't work, but therefore, I'm like, I don't know if it's a flop. It's just something that was never good in the first place. But my real flop, I think, was actually Azuki elementals. I think the execution for everything else Izuki has done has been so top notch, so thoughtful, just really sort of attention to detail and, like, attention to the craft and elementals. Just felt like an intern made it. Clearly there was gonna be backlash. You had this sick business model of being able to sell jpegs, just make the best fucking jpegs possible, and it felt like this was a total whiffed layout. And so that's gonna be my big flop.
Speaker C: Well, it was too Zuki. They cloned their original project and added a couple traits.
Speaker E: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker B: I mean, I do think it's kind of funny, if you think about it, that nfts are highly represented in this category.
Speaker C: Interesting.
Speaker D: Very true. Very true. All right, so what I had for biggest flop of the year was worldcoin. So now, world coin, if you look at a price basis, world coin is not exactly a flop right now. It's trading, I think, like $25 billion fdv, but on extremely low float. So I don't think there's that much price discovery right now. But when Worldcoin, I think now when WorldCoin actually launched, there was huge amounts of backlash. It was being pushed out of many different countries. There were people basically lining up to get their eyeballs scanned. And then it started getting banned in different places because of the privacy concerns about the eyeball scanning. And I just haven't heard anything about it. It's become this kind of meme coin for Sam Altman, because Sam Altman is a presumptive co founder of Worldcoin. But it's just to the extent that it was purported to be the identity system for crypto by using biometrics and scanning your eyeballs, it has certainly not achieved that. Actually, I don't really know what it has achieved besides trading at a very, very high price with very low float.
Speaker C: Well, they did just announce some new integrations for your scanned identity.
Speaker D: Did they? What would you AGree?
Speaker E: Yeah, like two days ago, Reddit, discord, stuff like that.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: And I think they're going to have an op stack roll up or something. I forget if it's op stack for.
Speaker D: Sure, but really, I'm totally off on this.
Speaker E: I think it's already on op stack, right?
Speaker B: Yeah, no, I think they're going to build their own. They're on op main net.
Speaker E: Oh, they're on. Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: I think they're actually one of the largest consumers of gas on op main net at some point. I'm not sure if that's true today, but there was a little while. I think they have sort of some future. I do think the interesting thing to me is that clear. You know, the airline was like, hey, we made this digital identity thing that has a lot of similarities to blockchains, but it's not a blockchain in some ways. I could argue, you could argue that, like, clear and worldcoin are kind of the same thing in a lot of ways.
Speaker D: So they are. They are definitely similar. They are definitely similar.
Speaker B: I mean, the ZK stuff is different, whatever. But like from. To the average end user who has used clear at an airport, they probably don't think of world coin that differently. Like if they don't know the technical details.
Speaker C: Right, but one has a token and the other one doesn't.
Speaker B: Well, clear.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: So you're probably isn't clear. Public now is public or something like that.
Speaker D: Hold on, just finish.
Speaker C: Wait, what's clear trading for? Can we compare this to world coin?
Speaker B: Yeah, let's compare clear to market cap.
Speaker C: I'm googling this right now.
Speaker D: All right.
Speaker E: 3.75 billion market cap.
Speaker D: Whoa. That's pretty good.
Speaker E: Yeah. Five, seven, rather.
Speaker D: So, like that's a pretty good business.
Speaker C: 13% of world coin fully diluted, right?
Speaker B: I mean, look, world trade, 300 something.
Speaker D: Yeah, it's like 300 million circulating, right. But like 1% of the supply or something.
Speaker C: Oh, it has a pe ratio of 1183 for clear.
Speaker B: Well, I'm sure world coins is in the same strategy.
Speaker D: Clear monetizes pretty well. How does it have such a crazy pe ratio?
Speaker C: I mean, I guess it means it's like on the board.
Speaker B: Well, they had some scandal, right? Where it didn't work and people were able to get through who shouldn't have. Recently, a bunch of airports banned.
Speaker D: Don't you have to scan your. Your ticket?
Speaker B: Does I use clear?
Speaker D: I scan my ticket when I go in.
Speaker E: I think. I think it's like if like the icecanning thing doesn't work, they have a backup system that is like deemable or something.
Speaker B: Yeah, I can remember that this place.
Speaker D: I see.
Speaker B: Okay, all this says is that their.
Speaker C: One job is to not let the bad people throw.
Speaker D: They should integrate with world coin. Clearly, that's the problem.
Speaker B: The greatest m and a in history could be worldcoin being like, we're going to give you 50% of our FTV to buy clear.
Speaker D: That would be pretty sick. That would be pretty sick.
Speaker B: I mean, if. All right, you know, I wouldn't put it past Sam moment. Of all the people who'd be willing to do that, he might be. I'm not sure anyone else and tools for humanity would be okay with it, but.
Speaker D: Okay, but how do you log in to Reddit or discord with. With world, like with your eyeballs? What does that even, like what? Like, what does that even mean?
Speaker E: I think it's like you can use your worldcoin passport that gets created when you scan your eyes to basically oauth into these other sites. So the same way you can use your Google account or whatever to log into Reddit through Oauth, I'm guessing it means you can also use your world coin passport, which you set up once you scan your eyeballs to get into Reddit. Why we want to do that, I can't tell you. But.
Speaker D: Okay. But you can't log into Reddit on your computer now because it's tied to the wallet on your phone.
Speaker E: I guess you could have some sort of way to. Yeah. Through your failure. Something like that.
Speaker D: Okay. All right. Wow. Anyway. Okay, next category is comeback story of the year. So who would you say, Tom, comeback story of the year ended up braving the most adversity to end up on top?
Speaker E: I have Coinbase. Coinbase feels like the most.
Speaker D: I think we might have all had Coinbase.
Speaker B: Tarun, who do you have for comeback of the year?
Speaker D: Yeah. Who do you have come back for the year?
Speaker B: Yeah, Coinbase is just too obvious. I already said. But I'm almost, I almost would be willing to say it again. Come back over here. That's unexpected. Maybe. Maybe like, that's kind of hard because they're really, the main comeback stories are those two.
Speaker D: And like, Tom, give us, give us the story for Coinbase, I think. Yeah, just give us a story for Coinbase.
Speaker E: Yeah. I feel like Coinbase is sort of like the whipping boy for crypto or people have very bipolar feelings on it. Right. When markets going, well, people love Coinbase. And then when the markets in the tanks are like, Coinbase fucking sucks. It's not listing any assets. It's going to get eaten by binance, blah, blah, blah. And so it feels like there was a sentiment low at the end of last year where it was like, or even going into this year, they had the SEC lawsuits. People thought, oh, binance is going to take over all the FTX market share. Koivi is never going to be successful again. I think its stock was in the tank. They had a bunch of layoffs. And I think what youve seen over the past year is theyve been fighting back against the SEC. Theyre larger, unregulated competitors are starting to tumble one by one. They successfully launched offshore, which seems to be doing decently well. And overall, I think Coinbase has just been, the story has been surviving every single cycle and using that survival to set yourself up for success in the next cycle. So I give props to Coinbase for A, fighting the good fight on the regulatory front, and then B, just surviving and being sort of a dependable platform and not getting caught up in any of the nonsense that's hit any of the other exchanges.
Speaker B: I have. I have one now that I thought about it, but you're all going to groan because it's not that different. But Kyle Simone.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: I feel like Kyle really fucking crushed it coming back this year, not just in Solana, but he, like, found all the pro. He, you know, he meaning multicoin, but I mean, he is the face of multicoin, really. Was always in a lot of these projects during the bottom, was, like, the only source of funding for them in the things we co invested or I co invested with him. He actually was really present for a lot of these projects where every founder was in the doldrums and I'm going to quit Solana or whatever. I think a year ago, you would have been like, wow, Multicoin sent this 90% down whatever letter. But I think for a fund to have that much of a U turn and to not have had just, like, complete chaos explosion is pretty impressive. So, like, I want to. I would say multicoin slash Somali.
Speaker D: Yeah, deserves.
Speaker B: Deserves.
Speaker D: I mean, yeah, Solana is up nine x since the bottom.
Speaker B: So also, the thing. The things that Multicoin led at a time when no one else was leading them, like Jito and. And pissed, actually, to some extent, like he really did. You know, there's one thing I'll say. He might be the crypto investor with the most strict conviction, because he, like, really has never changed. He, like, has one thing, and he. And, like, respect, because, like, I think in this industry, it's very hard to have such a steadfast thesis. But, you know, he totally. Yeah. I mean, since I've ever known him, this is, like, the only thing he's ever really. He's just, like, beat the table on and. Yeah, I think I remember maybe last year we maybe said he was in the biggest losers, right, because of the FTT stuff and whatever. So I think he does. He definitely deserves the great, great call.
Speaker D: Great call. No, it's something I tell people often, and I've seen people, even this at the beginning of the year, that I think Kyle Somali is probably pound for pound the best investor in crypto. I disagree with him on a lot of stuff, most of the stuff that he says, but he's probably one of the crazy stuff. He's one of the only true contrarians in the space, in a space that's already contrarian as a space to be investing.
Speaker B: But he sticks to his theses. You got to give him the most credit for that absolutely. His thesis this year was the recovered.
Speaker D: Yeah. So, okay, let's move on. We're winding down. We have two more categories left. So second to last category is favorite chopping block guest. So who has been the standout this year of guests that we have had on the show? Tarun, you're up first.
Speaker B: Favorite guess.
Speaker D: Tarun has not done his homework. All right, we'll start with somebody else, then we'll go back to Tarun.
Speaker C: Yeah, I have recency bias, but having two security focused anons come on the show pretty much back to back, I thought was a highlight. I thought it was a really nice way to sort of end the season and take a different approach to what we were discussing. So shout out to security focused addons.
Speaker D: Yeah, I had cryptogle, who was the first of the two security announce we had on the show crypto goal. I didn't know him very well before that show. He reached out to me or he responded to something I was talking about on Twitter, saying that he was negotiating with the Kyber hacker. And I was like, holy fuck, we got to get this guy on the show. I want to know what a crypto hacker negotiator is like. And this guy was just absolutely incredible. We definitely have to get him back on the show sometime next year. But probably in my mind, the best show of the year was cryptogle. Tom.
Speaker E: I was also going to pick Ogle, but I knew you guys were going to pick it, so I had to pick something different. So I went with Paul grewal from Coinbase. It's rare that you meet, I think, a lawyer who speaks so transparently and openly about their work and what's going on, but also speaks so eloquently and doesn't sort of get lost in their own words. And so Paul was a delight to have on and just sort of a sneak peek into what's going on on the regulatory front. And cuevius own battles with the SEC was great. So that was my favorite guess.
Speaker D: It was funny when Paul was on the show, I was telling this one of my friends when Paul was on the show, so we did that show in person. I think it was NSF during, oh, that's right, in Palo Alto. And I was sitting right next to him as we were talking. And as I was looking at him during the show, I realized he looks a lot like my dad. And so I had this incredibly nostalgic feeling as I was listening to Paul Grewwell give these very calming answers about legal. It's like, oh, the industry's gonna be okay. And I was like, oh, dad, thank you. Sorry, it was kind of weird, but I felt like that show did have a special place in my heart because I felt so much better about legal after that. All right, Tarun, who is your favorite chopping blog guest for 2023?
Speaker B: I will say more because it was a crazy one. Vague Ramaswami, my favorite from a content perspective by any means, because, like, you know, no offense, I'm not voting for him, but I in any chance. But I thought it was interesting to see someone learn their platform by talking to us, because anythings he said or discovered in the conversation he started repeating on every other podcast. So from that perspective, I think it's interesting because we served as tutors to one of our guests, whether we intended to or not.
Speaker E: Well, if you're a candidate, come on the chopping block. We'll set you up.
Speaker D: Yeah, you're looking for a presidential run? Unless you're. Who's the Puerto Rico guy who wanted to run for president? The EOS guy.
Speaker E: Oh, Brock Pierce.
Speaker C: Oh, Brock Pierce.
Speaker B: I don't think he's running.
Speaker D: Is he not? Okay, okay. Anyone who's not Brock Pierce.
Speaker C: I thought he just ran to get the SEO results to only show that he was a presidential candidate and clog Google.
Speaker D: I like, that's a very clever spam attack on Google. Yeah, I love it.
Speaker B: I wonder if chat GPT, but when you ask them, who is Brock Pierce? How far down you have to go to CEO sir tether.
Speaker C: Yeah. Or other stuff.
Speaker B: Or other stuff.
Speaker D: Or other stuff. Okay, so last question is predictions going into 2024. So, Robert, what do you have predictions for 2024?
Speaker C: Okay, I have three predictions, and if all three happen, I will be somewhat surprised. But here's my three predictions. One, and these are boring. I'm going to preface that one. Bitcoin ETF. Two.
Speaker D: Really going on for that one.
Speaker C: Oh, going out on a limb. Okay, here we go. Two, I think we get a proposal for what a CBDC in the US looks like. That's a controversial high risk proposal.
Speaker D: From whom, though?
Speaker C: Somebody that's credible. I think we start to see the outline.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker C: And three, I predict that total stablecoin market cap is going to decline as assets shift back into volatile crypto assets and other forms of low risk assets.
Speaker D: You think stablecoin market will decline because people want more crypto?
Speaker C: Mm hmm. Let's just see how it plays. We can shape this in a year.
Speaker D: Okay. Also, like interest rates going down next year. You don't think that's gonna affect stable.
Speaker B: Coin market share, like percentage of overall market cap.
Speaker D: Market cap, right, you mean. Absolutely.
Speaker C: I think the total dollar value.
Speaker B: Stable market cap, not relative market cap.
Speaker C: Yeah. This is a controversial bet.
Speaker B: That's interesting.
Speaker D: That that seems very ahistorical. Relative to what?
Speaker B: The relative one. I could buy the percentage of the overall crypto market cap by default.
Speaker C: That one's probably going to go, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker D: That seems. I will definitely take the other side of that. Do you want to bet on that? That's true. We do have our PayPal bet, but it's not the end of the year yet. So next show. Next show for the end of the year, we will go and adjudicate the PayPal bet when we get to 31st. But we still have a bunch of Red Bulls riding on that. Okay, so interesting bet. Some very, very non controversial and some extremely controversial, but I like the spread there, Robert. Okay, I'll go next with my predictions going in 2024, I predict we are going to see a major l two hack sometime in 2024. I think we're going to see a major l one do a rollback. So like a Dao style. Hey, we fucked this up. We're going to take a retcon that, and I predict that binance is no longer going to be the number one exchange by market share. So those are my three predictions. Weirdly, this morning we just had a crazy supply chain attack against Metamask. Against Ledger, Ledger, Ledger. I'm sorry, not metamask. It seems like we are getting into the season for hacks and more bad things are likely coming our way in 2024.
Speaker B: The hack advent calendar.
Speaker C: Tis the seas.
Speaker D: That's not good.
Speaker E: Please note.
Speaker D: Tom, what do you have? Predictions 2024.
Speaker E: Speaking of this ledger supply chain attack, this is actually on my list of predictions, is not so much that there is going to be a supply chain attack, but basically there's a few sources of pressure going on the front ends. There's obviously been a number of DNS level attacks, supply chain attacks, regulatory pressure on front ends for defi applications, as well as just teams inclusively trying to monetize their front ends. As we've seen with Uniswap. I think there's going to be a split in defi front ends where there's going to be more app based monetization of front ends, which is way safer but actually more profitable to do than issuing a token. I would not be surprised if we see more teams do that, then the other side of this, the other end of the barbell, is more teams offering locally hosted or decentralized front end. So instead of you pinging the team's server and then sending you the files for the front end, you sort of download it and run it locally like an app store, and you get around all these other issues that we're sort of seeing in the market. So I would not be surprised if we see more of that response to a bunch of these different pressures going into 2024. The other prediction I have is, again, maybe the flip side of Roberts is we're going to see, I think, another boom. We're going to run back turbo on crypto lending. I think just through it, like two weeks ago, the short term or the AavE USDC yield, sorry, Robert surpassed the short term us treasury yield for USDC. And I think there's a big gap in the market right now when it comes to CFI lending or DeFi lending. People are going to be looking for more yield. I would not be surprised if we see another 2021 2022 type lending cycle, but ideally with more risk control, more transparency, ideally using more defi this time around. But I think that's going to blow up going in the next year, especially as rates come down.
Speaker D: That is a great prediction. I think I'm on board with that one, sadly. Tarun, what do you have predictions to close this out for 2024?
Speaker B: I think there will be a time this year where the Dex market share relative to centralized exchanges touches 50%. We've actually had for spot.
Speaker D: For spot, Dex market share is 50% of spot, meaning they're one to one.
Speaker B: Because we've been holding steady between 15 and 20 right now. And there have been these bursts that have. We've had a couple of them. I think the thing that's the dual of the binance thing is that, yes, there will be a ton of centralized exchange volume, whatever, but I actually think there's, especially in l two land, I think if the user onboarding for Solana and l two continues to be direct to chain onboarding, I think the user experience has been actually getting quite fantastic. Like using Jupiter on Solana, using Phoenix on Solana. I mean, those uxs are like 100 times better than what people are doing in 2020. I really do think that some of the newer exchanges are just finding very nice ways to make the experience better. And I think there's going to be a point a little bit like Defi summer, where suddenly the market is crazy and there's a ton of new assets that, whether they're nfts or whether they're a spot whatever that exist mainly on chain and the centralized exchanges are going to be slow to list them. And there's going to be some time window. I'm not saying it's over 50% for, I'm just saying it's going to touch it. And I think that's one prediction. I think another prediction is that there's going to be a point system that blows up. So it's a different version of a hack, but something where basically, how can.
Speaker D: The point system blow up?
Speaker B: Well, as in someone messes up the point to airdrop conversion, because the points are like, hey, I'm generating these points. And then the developers normalize the points in some way to be like, oh, these actions are actually worth less because people did too many of them versus other act. You know, like people may have this discretion, but I think someone's going to mess up, like their code for doing the airdrop. Like it's not, not a hack, but they may have, they mess up the translation and they airdrop completely the wrong, like, inverse of who they wanted to.
Speaker C: I think the odds of that are pretty low. But let's see.
Speaker E: It's very contrarian. Very contrarian.
Speaker D: Yeah. It's a very esoteric thing to.
Speaker B: I could imagine that these point systems just get so complicated that it's very hard to keep track of exactly the mapping from point to airdrop. And someone will accidentally write some code that flips, they incentivize the wrong action. It's a little bit like, hey, the user error. I could totally see that happen, especially if people are rushing to do these things because there's a frenzy. Sure.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker B: And I guess my final thing is I think that Ethereum defi tokens, which have languished over the last few years, will finally make a little bit of a comeback. I don't think they're going to be able to have these kind of like infinite price to TVL or price to revenue or whatever type of ratios like you see with Da and Alana coins. But maybe they can get a little bit of a sale in their wind.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think that's likely given that interest rate environment for next year is going to look much better. So I think the risk appetite on chain is going to go way up in a full on bull market.
Speaker B: And that's why I think there'll be on chain dex activity going up also. But that's all.
Speaker D: Yeah, that one is an interesting claim. I can see it happening for like a day, especially if there's a crazy airdrop or some wild activity happening on chain. But I think it's unlikely because when you get into a real bull market right now, retail is still not really back. If you look at, I think a good barometer for this is look at Coinbase on the App store. Coinbase is still not even the top 25 on the app store. So retail is not really engaged yet. And I suspect that sometime next year youre going to see retail wake back up and really get back into the market in a big way. But right now its like a relatively small number of people who are driving the volume and pushing prices up. So I suspect that, I mean again, this is a guess, who knows whats going to happen, but I suspect that next year we do enter into a full on retail cycle, but those people generally come in through the front door, which is centralized exchanges. So anyway, we'll see what happens. So next week we are off. Please tune out of crypto for a second if you can. Everybody spend time with your families if you celebrate the holidays. But we'll be back for the last week of the year to adjudicate our PayPal USD bet we've got a lifetime supply of Red Bull riding on it. But until then, thank you everybody for joining us and hope you enjoy the holidays. See everyone.
