Speaker A: Hey unchained listeners. As you know its hard keeping up with the fast paced world of crypto, so weve got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. youll get the latest crypto news in original articles from our reporters as well as summaries of other happenings in bullet points. Plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. Its still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot.
Speaker B: I think Codis law is bullshit. Anyone that in 2023, almost 2024, is still going around either a claiming its not and its legitimate or b claiming that the crypto three and D embraces Codis law. I think theyre being disingenuous or just stupid. Adding Codis law, most reasonable people in the space have moved on from, you know, two, three years ago.
Speaker C: Not a dividend.
Speaker D: It's a tale of Tuqwan now. Your losses are on someone else's balance sheet.
Speaker E: Generally speaking, airdrops are kind of pointless anyways.
Speaker D: I named trading firms who were very involved.
Speaker B: I like that. ETH is the ultimate on the Defi.
Speaker C: Protocols are the antidote to this problem.
Speaker D: Hello everybody. Welcome to the chopping block. Every couple weeks, the four of us get together and give the industry insider's perspective on the crypto topics of the day. So quick intros. First, we've got Tom, the Defi maven and master of memes.
Speaker E: Hello, everyone.
Speaker D: Next we've got Robert, the crypto connoisseur and tsar of Superstate GM, everybody. And today we've got a special guest. Samsung. The white hat wizard at paradigm is where you say something. Okay? And I'm Haseeb, the head hype man at Dragonfly. We are early stage investors in crypto, but I want to caveat that nothing we say here is investment advice, legal advice, or even life advice. Please see choppingblock xyz for more disclosures. Okay, so bitcoin just hit 44,000 or just below $44,000 from being in the thirties last week. So a really crazy run up in crypto markets. We were basically front page news once again for it's been a long time since crypto has been in the front page news in positive light. But once again, it feels like we're in the early throes of a bull market. And alongside that bull market, we now have ourselves in the curious position that it's hacking season again. And there's a lot more. I've been seeing a lot of stuff going around about people being targeted and hacks and scams and frauds and giveaways, and I'm giving away free eth. Send me one eth back after I send. This kind of stuff is going around again. And so I thought it'd be a great time to bring on Samsung. So, for those of you who do not know, Samsung is probably the most famous white hat hacker in crypto. Tom, I remember you actually were at Zero X when Sam discovered, I think, what's probably one of the most legendary vulnerabilities in crypto history. Tom, do you want to describe how that played out?
Speaker E: Yeah, I think. I don't know if. Sam, that was your debut, so to speak, but, yeah, there was a pretty gnarly bug in Zero XV two that Sam caught, and it was a approvals related bug, which is one of the scariest. Basically, the TLDR is it would have allowed anybody to create a fake Zero X order on behalf of anybody who had used the protocol and basically drain any assets that you had allowed the protocol to trade, to trade on your behalf out of your wallet. And luckily, Sam spotted this, got in touch with us. I think we spent a whole overnight, 24 hours thing trying to patch it, fix it, put out the upgrade. That was my first introduction to Sam, which we were incredibly lucky to have had.
Speaker D: And that was one of the largest vulnerabilities ever discovered in defi at that time. So it was a pretty crazy debut, and that's how I remember first hearing about Sam. Sam, I know that you're a very secretive person. I imagine being a white hat and a cyber sleuth and having a lot of enemies from the sort of dark side of the Internet requires you to have really good opsec. But whatever you're willing to share with us, and for those of you who are just listening to the podcast, Samsung is appearing here in an anime avatar. He has a voice changer, so he's a very, very. He's the real deal. Sam, what. What can you share with us about who you are, where you came from, and how you got into the world of white hat hacking?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, you know, I've been doing security my entire life, and so all of my IRL friends know this. And years ago, way before I started doing crypto, one of them reached out to me, and he said, there's this thing happening on this ethereum tank? It's really interesting. You're gonna love it. It's like some multisig whatever something or other. But I was like, that's really awesome, I'm sure I will. And then I completely ignored it for like half a year because I was busy doing other stuff. And I continued ignoring it until one day I was just so absolutely bored out of my mind doing non exciting, not careful things. And I, I was sitting there going, what could I possibly be doing right now that would be more productive than, I don't know, like watching YouTube or whatever I was up to? And I remembered this ethereum thing and so that's how I got started. And of course back then there weren't nearly as many resources to get started in, have the security as there are now, right? Today we have so many. There's blog posts, stuff, right? There's YouTube videos there, even data auditing really easily through any of these training programs or just the contest or code arena today it's really, really, really easy to get into security. Back then you had maybe one or two blog posts about here's the top and solidity vulnerabilities. But that's why I got started. I was looking into what exactly was this multi sync bug, what exactly was, ran to see what exactly was delegate call and just slowly work my way up from there.
Speaker D: Very cool. Now you work with paradigm, you're I guess white hat in chief or something. I don't know exactly what your role as security researcher, I guess, is probably what they call it. So what exactly do you do at paradigm? Like how do you fill your days?
Speaker B: Yeah, so I think if my time at paradigm mainly broken down into three parts, the first part obviously is dedicated to paradigm itself, it would be quite embarrassing if paradigm were to be hacked. I think I would actually just, well, fortunately I'm anonymous, so I can't just disappear. But I still don't really want to do that. That's like the last resort there. So obviously a lot of times then considering how to protect paradigm, how to protect our assets, you know, obviously we're also an investment firm. And so, you know, the second part chunk of my time is dedicated to figuring out how do we protect our portfolio. Companies know if they have security, asks if they need an audit, if they need some code review, if they, if they need advice on non crypto security, right. A few days ago I tweeted out about these people going around threatening to claiming they found a bug in, you know, your website and they would take it offline, they would ddos it, and then they would say, okay, before we tell you what this bug is, please pay us, like, five, eight. And so, understandably, if you're a first time founder, you might be really scared of that. You might be going, uh, oh, no, what do I do? I got to pay up to figure out what's going on here. And so, not necessarily crypto security, but I'm still there to help advise them on situations like that, let them know that this is actually just extortion. They don't have anything of value. You can just go on with your day. And then the third part of my time is mainly focused towards the community itself. And so whether that finding bugs in other protocols or putting out these write ups like I've been doing recently about these sort of security self audits, really just figuring out what I can do to help further the security of the space itself.
Speaker D: So many people might not be as familiar with the crypto security world. And so, in crypto security, there are two kinds of players, generally. Well, there are many kinds, but the two main ones we like to talk about are what we call white hats and black hats. And a white hat is basically like a superhero. They are on the side of good. They're just out there to do the right thing, find bugs and protocols, and be helpful to the people who are trying to build useful things in the world. And then the other side is what's called the black hats. So the black hat hackers are people who are in it for themselves. They're trying to do harm. They're the supervillains in this whole story, and they're preying on civilians and trying to trick them into giving them money one way or another or outright breaking protocols. So, a natural question many people have when they're thinking about somebody like yourself who's a white hat. How does one decide to become a white hat hacker rather than a black hat hacker? Given that many people realize that it's very lucrative to be a black hat hacker, especially when you have skills as good as yourself, why do you end up becoming a white hat?
Speaker B: The big reason for me is, basically, I mean, I think I was raised in an environment where I was sort of taught that doing the right thing is more important than doing the thing that makes you more money. So I think I really took the positive values to heart growing up, and so, really, the main saturate consider when I think about all of these biggest fights, is not necessarily, oh, I would be so rich if I stole $500 million from this protocol. But I think, more importantly, where did that $500,000 come from? And more often than not, it's going to be from these individual families, parents, grandparents, people who for better, for worse, buy to put their entire life savings in a DeFi protocol and not to excuse them and say that was the right choice. A lot of these times, people gambling their entire life savings on a DeFi protocol, maybe not the most successful choice, but the fact of the matter is that is their livelihood. And so, you know, just thinking about victimizing, just like, these large swaths of the population, really decimating their future like that is just something I can't live with. And so it really isn't about the dollar amount on the final payout, as it were. But just the fact that, you know, I was destroying somebody lives, it's just something I can. I can't live with.
Speaker D: Sam, you are really like an anime hero.
Speaker E: He's calling from his secret underground bunker right now. This is the fortress of solitude we're seeing in the background here.
Speaker C: Yeah, the virtual reality laboratory, on that note. I mean, Sam, total tangent, but what is your favorite anime?
Speaker B: Well, I think over the years, as I've sort of matured, my taste have evolved. I think, actually, funnily enough, most recently I've been watching eminence in shadow, which is just like this. Totally. It takes all the tropes and animates the extreme. The plot is about this guy who just wants to be super fucking cool and he has no idea what he's doing, but he's just bundling around the plot and everything just happens to work out when actually, as it turns out, I think apparently one of the more popular crypto projects managed to do it collab with him, which is insane to me. I didn't realize any major anime studio would be open to that, but I think that just speaks to how awesome the anime is. The law. Ten minutes of chattel.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker E: It's a very thoughtful answer.
Speaker D: Yeah. Yeah. Okay, well, all right. So speaking of white hats and black hats, I wanted to get into the meat of the story. So last week we had ogle on cryptokle, which sam I know you know well, and he was discussing with us the Kyber hack. So for those who are just tuning in, there was a massive hack that took place over a week ago now into a Defi protocol called Kybere. Kyber swap. They're on chain defi Dex, basically index aggregator. They were hacked on the order of something like 50 million plus that was stolen from the protocol so the hacker was kind of erratic initially. Last week he sent over a message saying, hey, everybody chill out. I need to get some sleep before we start negotiating. And he was telling everyone, hey, back off. I better not have any trouble if you guys want to see this money. And so then on November 30, which is about a week ago from today, he sent an even more unhinged message. This was like right around the time that our last episode got published. So I'm going to read an excerpt from the message that was sent by the hacker. And this is probably the strangest message I've ever seen a hacker send to a protocol.
Speaker C: It is the wildest. It is six out of six on the unhinged scale.
Speaker D: That's right. Okay, so I'm going to go ahead. So now I'm switching over to the hacker's voice. Okay, so I'm gonna skip over some of the stuff. But basically he says, okay, here are my demands from the protocol. I offer a treaty. What I demand is complete executive control over Kyber, the company. I want temporary and full authority and ownership over the governance mechanism. Kyberdao. In order to enact legislative changes, I want all documents and all information related to the company and protocol formation, structure, operation, revenues, expenses, profits, assets, liabilities, investors salaries, etcetera. And I demand that you surrender all of Kyber the company's assets on chain and off chain, including shares, equity tokens, partnerships, blogs, websites, servers, passwords, code, social channels, and any and all creative intellectual property. Once my demands have been met, I will provide the following executives. You will be bought out of the company at a fair valuation. You'll be wished well in your future endeavors. You haven't done anything wrong. A small error was made rounding in the wrong direction. It could have been made by anyone. Simply bad luck. Employees, under a new regime, your salary will be doubled. It is understandable that many current employees will want to leave. Regardless, the employees who don't want to stay will be given a twelve month severance with full benefits and assistance in finding a new career. No questions asked. Token holders and investors, under this treaty, your tokens will no longer be worthless. Is this not sweet enough? I'll go further still. Under my management, Kyber will undergo a complete makeover. It will no longer be the 7th most popular Dex, but rather an entirely new cryptographic project. LP's. These are the people who had their money stolen. Lp's. You will be gifted a rebate on your recent market making activity. The rebate will be for 50% of the losses you incurred. I know this is probably less than what you wanted. However, it is also more than you deserve. This is my best offer. This is my only offer. I require my demands be met by December 10. Otherwise, the treaty falls through. Additionally, should I be contacted by agents from any of the 206 sovereignties concerning the trades I place on Khyber, the treaty falls through. In this case, the rebates will total to exactly zero. Khyber is one of the original and long running Defi protocols. No one wants to see it go under. To assist with this transition of leadership, I may be contacted on telegram. And he drops his telegram handle, which is Kyber director. Thank you. Signed, Kyber director. So this I have in all my years, to be clear, we still don't know this hacker is. We have no idea who this attacker is. Maybe, you know, maybe people in the war room might know, but this is the fucking craziest message I have ever seen from a hacker. Reactions?
Speaker B: Well, I mean, I will just say that the hacker voice sounds a lot like a great investor I know called Haseeb, and I've never seen Kyiva director Haseeb in the same room. So I'm not quite sure what to make of this, but maybe we should get some of the FDI on it or something.
Speaker D: You know, this does actually sound like the kind of language I'd use in an ultimatum, so I can see the connection.
Speaker E: Yeah, this is like a very sadistic form of, like, a bear hug. They're trying to do an LBO of Kyber by acquiring the assets first and then taking over. I mean, I don't know how they also expect this to work. They want to run the company while also being anonymous criminal. And how are they going to take over the off chain assets? The only thing doesn't actually even make any sense. The demand is kind of nonsensical on top of just being totally insane.
Speaker C: Well, it has a lot of parallels back to Avi, Eisenberg and mango markets, where the hacker or market manipulator, or whatever, so to speak, was of the opinion that it was legitimate market activity, that there was nothing illegal about it, and that it was all fair game to take all of the assets from the protocol and try to negotiate from a position of strength, or at least self perceived strength. And obviously, this hack was not perpetrated by Avi, but it sounds very similar in the response where it says, you know, takes the opinion, oh, this was, you know, fair game. This was the LP's, you know, were market makers, and I simply traded profitably against them. And coming from this position of wisdom and success. I would take that even further and say, I want to take over all of Kyber in a legal fashion. It's just, it's so perplexing to me that, like, somebody has this level of both delusion and self aggrandization. I mean, this hacker is nuts. And I think in their head they might think that there's a shot that Kyber, you know, takes them seriously, whereas anyone, you know, in the outside world, you know, immediately, you know, sees the, you know, preposterous nature of what they're asking.
Speaker D: I was going to say it's a good deal for the employees, like, twelve months severance and doubling their pay. I'm like, the employees at Kyber might be like, hey, guys, I think we should, we should maybe work for this hacker. Yeah, clearly there's some weird grandiosity, like, kind of personality disorder going on with this guy. Some people were saying, like, okay, well, I think he's trolling. I think this is a joke. This didn't read to me like a joke. It was so specific and I don't know. I mean, so, Sam, I know that you're in the war room, and we got a sense from ogle last week that maybe you're constrained in what you can say given that you might be in the room where this stuff is happening. Anything you can share with us about how this is being perceived by the first responders?
Speaker B: I mean, yeah, well, you know, you've absolutely nailed out of the head that. I am definitely a bit limited out of just out of respect to the process. You know, I don't want to be disclosing information that isn't public, but I think, you know, like most people on Twitter and just in the general, you know, media sphere. Yeah, like, the demands don't have seem particularly reasonable. And if I were the hacker, I would assume I know that. Like, you know, he went quiet for a handful of days, no response, and suddenly comes out with, you know, these demands. Abby, even if copper were just, you know, start making progress towards those, like, how do you, how exactly you hand control over those off chain components to someone who they obviously doesn't want to be doxxed? It just doesn't quite make sense to me if the hacker is being genuine, and I'm sure he's probably listening to this podcast the moment it comes out, but if he is being genuine, he's more than welcome to reach out and clarify how he wants to do that, but I'm assuming he's not. And so we just have to proceed like he isn't. And I think another big part of the problem here is basically setting the understanding that this actually isn't what we want to allow in crypto in the future. And so what Tyver does here actually has, it's actually very meaningful down the line. We want to make sure we're treading very carefully to make sure we're not setting any bad precedents for future projects in future hackers.
Speaker D: Right. I think, Kyber, it seems like an obvious non starter to have this hacker take over. Kyber. Again, I have no idea how that would possibly work. We'd also have to dox the hacker. Right. In order to take over a company, you will have to know who they're transferring the shares to. The thing is, this person is clearly quite sophisticated in the sense that the things theyre asking for are the kinds of things you would actually ask for if you were taking over a company. So this is not like some child or just somebody who has no idea how companies work. Which is what makes it so interesting, is that clearly this person is a black hat. Clearly theyre also a business person. And they have some understanding of how a deal like this might be manufactured and executed, but they dont have sufficient understanding to realize what a crazy thing this is to propose. Or maybe they do. And maybe they. Maybe, I don't know, maybe they say, okay, well, great. If you're willing to go through with this, please transfer over the ownership into this shell company in the seychelles that nobody has ever heard of. And that is seven layers nested deep into some structure of other shell companies that you're never going to get to the bottom of. And this thing is going to make all the decisions. Maybe that's how this thing turns out. I would be so fascinated just to know. If you say yes, what happens? What's the next thing? I don't think there's any chance in hell that anybody would say yes to this, but it's such a fascinating alternate timeline. So, anyway, given all this, it sounds like the voices I think we're hearing from Khyber is that probably this is going to be a no. Victor Tran from Kyber Network tweeted out, no one fucking cares about Kyber users like we do. You deserve the best message tomorrow. And then they kind of wrote some general stuff about how Kyber is trying to help leave some of the pain for the folks who had their money lost in the hack as theyre continuing to work through things with their recovery. And apparently there was also some funds that were moved into tornado cash from the Kyberswap exploiter. So it does seem like the Kuiperswap exploiters more or less moving money around. And it doesnt seem like this money is coming back home anytime soon. Its an unfortunate situation, but it is very crazy, Sam. I dont know. I know this is not your domain. Youre more on the smart contract vulnerability side. Just give us an understanding though when something like this happens, how does a war room come together? What's the mechanism by which, okay, some shit went down. How are you and Ogle and all these people kind of summoned to the right place? And how does the thing come together that the response gets organized?
Speaker B: Yeah. So I think the moment anything happens on chain, there's always a handful of people that, you know, find out immediately. They have thoughts running, they have alerts running, they have monitoring. Sometimes they have more monitoring than the projects themselves. Which is probably not where you want to be in the future, but it is where we're at right now. Then these people will reach out to people they know that are typically, you know, that people, like I said, first responders such as myself or ogle or any other white hats. And then from there we sort of. I think everyone in the white hat community sort of understands what the correct proposition of a worm is. That is to say, it should be orchestrated by the project. They should file saying what happens should have dairy. It should be very exclusive. So you shouldn't be inviting just everyone and everyone they know. And suddenly it's like 100% broom. And you're not really sure where all this information is going. And so it does happen sort of organically in the sense that the moment the project finds out, I think everyone basically advises them, you should make your war room if you don't have one. You should invite people that you think are trustworthy. Obviously everyone thinks they're, they're trustworthy. And so the project has to make some choices. And then from there, once you're all governs in place, it tends to follow pretty steady rhythm. I mean, at this point, I think everyone basically knows. Go out there, make sure any possible is pause, make sure you identify the vulnerability. Make sure you've done what you can to alert the users on the tracing side. That's not my herbs every year. Special fees at all. But people like payload Monahead and Zach XDT, they'll go out there, they'll piece together all the little clues. So it really does work like a machine once everyone is there, and then you just have to get the money back.
Speaker D: I think most people in crypto especially, who are building smart contract based applications or defi protocols, they all wake up in a cold sweat, having nightmares that Sam dmed them about something happening in their protocol. That is the touch of death is Sam sends you a DM about, hey, I saw this thing happening on chain.
Speaker E: I mean, you are this, though.
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah. Just from your perspective, sam, what is that like? Because I imagine this is kind of a very common occurrence for you, but for many people, this is when you dm them is the worst day of their lives.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, there's really two forms that DM can take. I think the one that everyone prefers is I'm trying to message them without something that no one else knows yet or hasn't been exploited. And in that case, it is still pretty heart wrenching. But at least you know that your money is safe if you sort of follow best practices. The one that's not as good and unfortunately, the one that's happening more often now is I or someone else message them because something has happened on chain. And so now it's not a question of, yeah, what can you do to not sure, you don't lose anything, but how much have you lost and what do you do next? And that is that, I mean, I always acknowledge in every war room that I'm here to provide advice. I'm here to provide an objective, sorry, from an objective viewpoint, what I think might be the right thing to do. But I'm not the one in the hot seat. I'm not the one who's staring down the barrel of a nine figure loss. And I will never know what that feels like. And so I can only imagine it must be hell. I wouldnt want to subject my worst enemy to that. That must be terrible.
Speaker E: When youre on the prevention side of things, when youre looking for vulnerabilities, how do you decide where to focus your time? Do you just go on Defi llama and sort of by TVL? Are there sort of signs that sort of activate your spidey sense that like, oh, there might be an issue with this protocol? How do you sort of prioritize things?
Speaker B: There's a lot of different places. I get new coverage from DeFi lot. Was one of them going through ESI scan used to be one of them, but now the verified contracts page, it's just not a great view. It's like what's happening on chain anymore. It's just way too noisy. People messaging me about phase of their working on is also another great source. And so really just gathering signals from all these different places and then sort of. Yeah, it's hard to say what I prioritize by. I think it's a combination of, does it feel like it's a very complex thing to try to do? Does it feel like it's going to have a lot of money in it? Were they nice about it? Like, sometimes people are not the nicest and then I'm less inclined to put in time to it, but generally far. And so it's really a multitude of factors. I mean, I think that's pretty much it.
Speaker D: So you've seen almost everything possible go wrong on chain at some point in your career. What do you do on chain? What does Samsung actually do on chain? Do you, like, trade nfts? Do you sit around and LP and protocols? Or do you just like, look, I'm going to never touch any of this stuff with my own money?
Speaker B: Oh, my God. Well, so before I joined paradigm, I also didn't do much. I really, having found so many bugs in protocols at the time, I think, you know, security has gotten a lot better since when was that, like 2020 was when I joined paradigm. Security's gotten a lot better. But at the time, having been the one to find all these issues and all these protocols, I was like, yeah, there's no way in hell I'm using MBA fuse things. I'm going to keep my money in these and I'm going to keep my money in. Diet item is a pretty strict compliance policy. So nowadays, even if I wanted to do stuff on chain, it's pretty tricky to do it in any medieval capacity, which is fine. I still am pretty conservative about how much risk I want to take, which is what makes it all the more ironic that having been very inactive on change out of. Speaking of which, actually, side tangent, there's these addresses that people keep linking to me because someone bought an Ens that looks like my handle. And all these supposed chain analytics companies will tag me on Twitter and they'll be like, this multimillion dollar address linked to Sam has been doing these trades. Follow us for more intel. And I'm just like, if you're gonna get me wrenched for, you know, owning like a, like a multi million dollar address, like, at least let me own a multi million dollar address first. I don't want to get wrenched for having, you know, like, that's like 100 x lost in what. What you're claiming at. Anyways, um, it's just really ironic because having made an effort to, like, not really participate too heavily on chain, there's only, like, maybe five or six protocols I'm actually involved in purely just by, like, holding a stable coin, whatever. And one of them happened to be, like, the year end USD, like, yield, bearings, token, which as of a few months ago, maybe like, half a year ago, no longer there was any yield because it got hacked. So, yeah, I guess even when I try to avoid it, I can't afford it. It just happens to everyone.
Speaker D: Well, let that be a lesson to you. Never touch any of this stuff. It's all just poison for your bank account. Okay, so speaking of all this, actually, there's another interesting story in the news that kind of relates to black hatting and white hatting, which was. There was a french court that was trying somebody. There were a couple of exploiters who had hacked a protocol called Platypus, which is an amm on avalanche. And the attackers claimed that they had ethical intentions, uh, that they were white hatting, even though they were taking some of the money for themselves, but they were giving back most of the money or something along these lines, and a french court acquitted them. And the judge basically described the sort of analogized what these people had done in hacking the smart contract as taking something from a machine that gives more than it should give. So it's kind of like, okay, well, this vending machine kind of had a bug in the vending machine, but, like, that's not the same thing as, you know, breaking the thing open. Or that that was sort of the analogy that the judge gave. So there. There's been a bunch of arguments about this, and that basically is this french court upholding the code is law meme that is often thrown around in crypto, which is that because this thing is code, that should supersede what any other legal analysis might otherwise define as being the contract between two people. Curious for you, Sam. Having looked at the situation, given that you are a white hat, what did you think about this french judge acquitting these two folks who exploited platypus?
Speaker B: Yeah. Well, so, first of all, I think Codislaw is bullshit. Anyone that in 2023, almost 2024, is still going around, either a, claiming it's not and it's legitimate, or b, claiming that the crypto three and d embraces CODIS law. I think they're being disingenuous or just stupid. I think Codislaw, most reasonable people in the space have moved on from, you know, two, three years ago. And so just want to get that out there right off the top, I think. As for the actual case itself, not a lawyer don't want to pretend like I am. I think there was some. There was a huge. Yes. Session about this in the eight security telegram, which I participated in, and it was a nice three plus hour. I feel like flame war, where we just kept going and circle, sup? I probably didn't help in that. So, you know, not. Not to. Not to pretend like I'm innocent here, but I think what someone did point out to me was that this happened in a criminal court. And the judge, I believe, said something like, you can try pushing this in civil court, and you probably will be successful. And people pointed out the nuance here that it might not actually be desirable for any crypto to be tried prosecuted whenever the time is in criminal court, and that is to be set on civil courts. Again, not a lawyer. So I don't quite understand the nuance here. I think, generally speaking, though, I would like to see some justice carried out here. Which, court aside, it seems a lot of ridiculous, just from curing tuition, that you know exactly who did it. You know for sure they didn't have good intentions, despite what they might claim to the contrary. And you just let them walk for you like that. Seemed, you know, you've had the justice system, the perpetrator, on the silver platter, and if you walk away from it, I think that very, very clearly sends a message that, at least in France, this is fine, and I don't think that's a message we should be sending at all.
Speaker D: And was that the prevailing view of security folks in the Ethereum world?
Speaker B: I do think there's two major caps here. One of them is this view, and the other gap is that actually, there shouldn't be, like, we shouldn't necessarily embrace code as law, but we also shouldn't basically run the daddy whenever something goes wrong, and that we should try to settle it like a more crypto native way.
Speaker D: Do you mean the. What is it? Kleros courts? Is that the crypto native way?
Speaker B: Wait, maybe finally use case? Well, someone filed a Klairs court case, I guess, the Kiver hacker, and they were like, we should. What was the phrasing of it again? They were like, we need to stop them from using all the chains or something. I don't know. Maybe finally a use case.
Speaker D: All right, so, yeah, we got to stop running to our french daddies when things go wrong. Okay, got it.
Speaker B: Yeah. But I mean, to be clear, like, I'm not discounting that other camp, other opinions here. I think they're, like, looking back to what Fipto was originally meant for, which is this idea of being a truly neutral, independent financial system. I can see where they're coming from in the sense that if you welcome third party intervention into your system sometimes, then you're going to have to welcome third party intervention at other times when it doesn't suit you. Actually, we just shouldn't welcome it at all. I don't necessarily agree with this, but I can't see where they're coming from. And so, but, yeah, just to like put a bow on that answer, I think that's sort of where the two, two major camps a lot.
Speaker D: Robert, what's your take on all this?
Speaker C: My take on all of this is that I still think of the entire ecosystem as being in the first inning, so maybe, maybe the second inning, so to speak, of figuring out the social, legal, contractual, moral, and economic conditions of how on chain systems should operate. I mean, this debate is only going back to really beginning at the Dow hack. So eight years ago is like the real first origin of this. And I feel like we are going to be debating these things for another 80 years. And I think theres going to start to be consensus emerging over time, but its still incredibly early. Just the knowledge about how security even works on chain is a relatively new field. And so I think the standards that exist now are still evolving quickly. These are not ossified expectations. On the last episode, we were talking about the expectations around hack, voluntary recoveries and returns of funds. And these are new being less than a year old standards. The standards have not ossified. And my personal take is that I don't think the current operating conditions for on chain systems are good enough. I don't think they're safe enough. Think that as a user, this is still a minefield for the most part. You're still taking risks that are extremely hard to calculate when you use any smart contract created application. And I don't think where we're at today even it's good enough. I just don't think so. And I think there's a lot of improvement left to go before systems are good enough for end users from a safety and security perspective.
Speaker E: Sam, you've been around the space for a while, and I mean, earlier you said, hey, security has improved a lot since 2020. What do you see as those main areas of improvement where standards in the industry are just so much higher than three years ago? And what do you see as sort of the frontiers of new attack surfaces, new types of vulnerabilities? What is sort of that vanguard?
Speaker B: I think it's important to disambiguate between security and what I would consider the leading projects in Ethereum, Polygon, Avalanche, all the more I would consider reputable chains and then everything on BSC. I think there definitely feels like there's this completely separate universe of projects that keep getting hacked by these very simplistics. Like not having a function be private or not changing constant everywhere in the code, or just like, things that I don't. I just want to escalate from the conversation because I don't think they actually represent what, well, attention actors are doing as far as securing their projects. As far as, like, you know, these good actors go. We don't see many civil or interesting war. We don't see. I mean, in fact, a lot of. In a lot of the bikes that I would have read when I first got started in crypto security, in that blog post for like, top ten, solidity via abilities would not be applied to what all today. And I think that's partly due to just better educational resources. I think that's due to more accessible security resources. I think it's just the prevalence of security contests themselves, right, where you benefit from the. The sheer numbers of people looking at your code compared to an audit firm which would assign maybe like two, three, four, table max. I think all these things have done wonders for security. Obviously, it hasn't been enough, because even though we've raised the bar to finding a bug, these bugs still exist. Case in point, Kyber. And so I'm actually not really sure what specifically the next step is. One thought I had was basically, with all of these hacks that we're seeing, it's not as if these hacks are being executed using inside of knowledge, right? It's not like you had to have the admin key or you had to have push access from the code to, like, instant backdoor. These were setting in plain sight for some definition of plain sight. And so part of me wonders if there's any way we can, again, use the power of numbers true advantage, where even though there might be five white hats looking for a bug in the next fiverr, there's actually 500 white hats working for that same bug. So the question I'm wondering is, how do we incentivize that behavior beyond what we already have with bug bounties and audits and contests and all these other things that we dropped over the years?
Speaker D: So I know that one of the initiatives that you've been very involved in, Samsung, is this thing that you call the security alliance. And we've seen a bunch of initiatives that you've instigated from your position into trying to improve the overall security environment for Ethereum, as well as just smart contract based projects across many different chains. There's a bunch of stuff that you guys have come out with recently, such as CL 911 and this crisis handbook. Can you talk us through, what's the security alliance? Where did this come from? Why does it sound like a league of superheroes? And what exactly are you guys doing that you feel like is moving the needle on Ethereum security or just smart contract security? Generally?
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, the idea actually is to give it sort of the vibe of like a league of superheroes, like a group of just like, people who are not self interested. They're worthy for the, they're worthy for the benefits of public, for the greater good. And that is really the focus of what the security alliance is trying to do. And so, as you said, we launched sealed on one, we've watched SEO drills, we've launched the seal in books. And the goal of all these projects and future ones that we're working on is to be able to put aside individual interests and personal motivations and actually do the things that matter, actually do the things that will move the needle in the space. If you try to convince some audit job or a handful of white hats or whoever else, you should set aside minutes, hours, days of your time every week to, on a purely volunteer basis, do this like frontline help desk service. By the way, it's going to be branded under my jalapeni. I think that's a pretty hard sell to anyone who doesn't work for your company, who's just like, why are we doing this for you? There's always questions of what the motivations are, who's benefiting all that fun stuff. And so let's just set aside the question of who it's benefiting. It's going towards this neutral organization, it's going towards the crypto ecosystem, as it were. And let's just focus on the fact that what we need right now is this service where people, if they need help, if they have some bug, that they can't get to the right person at a protocol, which we've had quite a few of these reports, where people can't get to the protocol and they need to report a bug. Now, let's make this service available. Let's not make them pay for it. Let's make it so that if they need to contact a white hat, they can do it really easily. Same thing with sealed drills in one, two, we have solved the problem of how do you train people in security? We just give them the training. But in wat three, if you were to say, hey, please pay us $20,000 and we'll run the training exercise for you, well, now you have all these Dow governance debates about why should we fund your grant? What are the, what is the, like, the proposal, you know, what are the deliverables, et cetera? Yet do all these, like, dao politics. If some, you know, for profit company was trying to do this, people might be like, oh, like, are you trying to file me a service? Is this going to be like, what, what's the catch here? And actually, there's no catch. Right? Like, the whole point is there's no catch. What we're trying to do, use it to profit off this. It's not to sell your service. It's not to know, not to attach hidden strings to it. We just want to make secure space better. And that's something I think everyone in security and everyone in crypto in general can stand behind. They just needed something to stand behind that wasn't allied with any particular company they might dislike or any particular group or person, whatever they might dislike. That's the purpose of the security alliance.
Speaker D: That's awesome. Tell us a little bit. For projects, let's say I'm a founder. I'm at the very beginning of building up my protocol, and I'm not an expert on cybersecurity. What should I be looking, what should I be doing? What should I keep in mind as my project scales tell me about how I should think about seal drills or the handbook or seal 911.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think there's this vision that over time, what we'll be able to flood is from the very moment that you get started to when your protocol is live on mainnet resources, that will help you as a founder or developer make the best choices for your protocol from a security perspective. But until we get there, I think the same things apply as they've always have, which is to say, I think the crypto has always had this spirit of being open to all. And so maybe not necessarily gatekeeping on. You have to be like a senior developer to start writing solidity. But whether before or during your development process, like, learning about best practices for development. Right. Like, learn about all the different ways that solidity might have foot guns. Make sure you're writing tests as you go. Make sure you're no like unit test or fuzz tests or property tests. Make sure you're doing the things you're supposed to be doing. Once you're done with development or even during development, make sure you're engaging the security community, right. Whether it's through an audit, through a contest, through just set like reach out to a few people, see if they're open to a peer review. And then once you do deploy, we have systems in place like bug bounties. Right. And so I think that the advice there hasn't necessarily changed that much from what it used to be. Really just continue following those best practices. But my hope is that over time, as we continue to mature into 24 and 25 and as the security alliance continues to develop, these public goods that do significantly move in a way that for an individual researcher or individual auditor, it's just hard for them to gather the resources or the mind chain to do that. I'm hopeful that for a future developer, much like when I first got started in security, there weren't any resources for me. I'm hoping that in 24, 25, there will be resources that will just be ten x 100 x better than what they are right now. That's something that we can work on building.
Speaker D: That's a really awesome vision. And I've heard some of the stuff behind the scenes about how the security alliance has come together, and it's inspiring. In crypto, people often have this view that, you know, look, we're kind of out in the state of nature and we don't believe in the state or the government. And as a result, a lot of times public goods aren't really provisioned sufficiently. And it very much reminds me of almost like police in that one can imagine, like, well, if you're a pure anarcho capitalist, you might say like, well, can't people hire their own private security? Why do we need government backed police? This seems like a private good that can be provisioned totally fine by private markets, but smart contract security shows you that, look, when you have enough things that are vulnerable, then it's kind of like just having, it's like having rats or like having ants that just create an infestation. And when they know they can survive, then people, just an ecosystem gets created of black hats and people who are going around rampaging and holding things for ransom and ddosing websites to convince you to pay them or something. And the more that there is a unified front from the entire industry, from all protocols, that one shows people that, hey, using stuff on chain can be safe, not always safe, but if you use the right kinds of protocols with the right kinds of teams that are reputable and using best practices, they can be safe to interact with. And if you're a black hat, you're not going to have a good time, you're not going to get your money out, you're not going to be able to make away with these goods, and most things that you find are going to be secure. It's a great way, I think, to strengthen the proposition of moving more and more stuff on chain and making it more trustworthy for users. So huge hats off. And especially after having ogle on last week, I kind of feel like, hey, in holiday season, it'd be nice to sort of give a salute to everybody who's working on security on the white hat side, because what you guys do is so, so important, so valuable, and so often is underappreciated.
Speaker B: I just wanted to jump in and just comment that, like, I think it really is about the community in the ecosystem and the way that the alliance structured like this. I couldn't have done this by myself, right, and I can't do this by myself. It really is a community effort. And so I'm most really thankful to everyone else from all these different auditors putting in their time to help triage these issues. Nascent themselves directly worked on the first copy of the handbook. That was a lot of time that they put in without traditionally compensated in any way. It really was for the greater good paradigm, letting me do this itself, this has been huge time st for the entire year, and let it be sort of, I don't want to say neglect by other duties, but maybe letting that third pillar that I talked about eat up a little into the first and second pillars. So it really is, I think, a huge team effort, and I'm really grateful that people in crypto are open to that and not just sort of closed off in their own silos trying to figure out how to maximize for themselves.
Speaker C: Speaking as somebody that created a protocol many years ago, I oftentimes have this experience where people tell me, oh, you've contributed so much to space, it couldn't exist without you. And I don't necessarily feel like I'm a hero. When I look at Samsung and I look at the people that are the white hats in this industry, you're the people that I idolize, that I think are heroes, make this possible for everybody else. And so I think it's hard to overstate how much good you've done. I think there's a lot that people don't know about how much good you've done for protocols and for the industry. A lot of this stuff doesn't always reach coindesk, it doesn't always reach crypto twitter. And I can state very clearly that you've done an astronomical amount of good for the industry.
Speaker B: Well, if this avenue could blush, I would be butting right now.
Speaker D: We'll add some blush and post to your anime avatar. So I talked earlier about how we're entering into a bear market, and I think that likely means we've already started to see an escalation in bull marketing. Scamming. Sorry, did I say bear market? Bull market. Yeah, it's a bull market. Yeah, sorry, we're entering into a bull market and we've already seen an escalation in cybersecurity incidents. So I think this is also a good time going into the holiday season for getting people to start thinking about their own personal security. And Sam, I think you'd be the perfect person to ask. You released some stuff earlier that I saw through the security alliance about best practices around Twitter security, email security, telegram security. Can you just. I mean, obviously there's a podcast and there's people with a variety of different technical backgrounds, and probably many people here don't even use Telegram. But can you just give a general overview? Random person in the street who's part of the crypto world or interested in the crypto world, how should they be thinking about what are the easiest things you can do to uplevel your own personal security to make sure that nothing bad happens to you this holiday season?
Speaker B: Yeah, well, look, I think there's some really easy table stakes things that everyone should be doing. I think if you're not already using password manager, you should be using password manager. If you are currently using password manager and it's called blast test, you should be using a different password manager. I would recommend something like one password, for example. Don't feel bad. Even if you use the lastpass, it's so good that you are using password manager. It's just they don't have a great reputation or track record. So you should help me try find a different one. I think if you're currently using SMS, two Fa on anything, that is maybe by far the most common way people would default in crypto for high value targets. You know, by far the most common way to get hacked is they get sim swapped and all of a sudden everything they have, it's hacked because everything they have is checked at their phone number. And it's so easy to just do a password reset. So go through and I'm gonna be putting out a guide on this in a few days, but, you know, goes through your email, your bank accounts, your exchanges, your social media, any of these accounts where if you just sit down for one and go, it would be really bad if someone could impersonate me there or see all the stuff I stored there since when I first made the account. Like all of your past, you knows all of your stored pictures, all the messages you sent five years ago. If that would be bad for the doctor to have. Get rid of SMS, two fa. Because if you're in crypto, that is not safe for you.
Speaker D: Let me pause you there, because I think you're using a lot of acronyms that people might not be familiar with. So just for everybody, because I think this probably the most useful public service announcement we can give. So two FA stands for two factor authentication. It's when you have a second way to log in, you get a password, and then it's, okay, we're going to text you. Using text or SMS is not a secure way for most people to use second factor authentication. Many, many, many people in crypto get their phone numbers taken over through what's called sim swapping. So swim swapping is when somebody calls your network provider. So if you use Verizon, UC mobile, whatever, they'll call Verizon, they'll call T mobile, they'll say, hey, I am Tom Schmidt. I lost my phone, or whatever, blah, blah, blah. But this is really me. They find some information on you online that can corroborate. Oh, here's my name, here's my address. Maybe they have your Social Security number from one of these old data hacks. There's a billion of them now. So everybody's Social Security number is no longer really that secret. And they impersonate you and they take over your number. And by taking over your number now, they can log in as you because they say, oh, I forgot my password. It says, oh, really? Is this. You answer this text, they answer your text, they get into your email, blah, blah, blah. This is sim swapping. It happens to many, many, many, many people in crypto.
Speaker C: Happened to me twice.
Speaker D: Twice? Wait, happening once is understandable. How did it happen twice?
Speaker C: After it happened once, I kept my number at T Mobile. I went, I said, put on port protection, put on a full lock on transfers, allow this to transfer again. I think someone was bribed as an internal employee and whatever protections I had were removed, and I was sim swapped twice.
Speaker D: That's insane. I agree. Yeah. All right. So one thing that I would recommend is use google Fi as your phone provider, because google fi cannot be sim swapped because it's tied to your Google account. But in general, never use SMS. If you can ever use anything besides SMS as your second factor, always, always, always do it, because SMS is just riddled with problems. Anyway, sorry, Sam, I wanted to stop you there just because, uh, I know that this is probably the most important piece of advice that most people have never even heard of.
Speaker B: Oh, good. And actually, I'm really glad you did, because I I want to actually follow up on Robert's point a bit. And just, if you. If you don't mind, dive a little into the nuance, not too deeply, um, into what actually happens, in a sense, swap. And it's actually really. I'm really happy that you mentioned your experiences, because it actually is a perfect example for how there's two layers to sim swapping. Right. The first part is you're sort of run with the mail as a talker. I know I have no special access. I know no extra special information. I just know that my target is pump Schmidt. I guess we're all going to become pumped today. And I'm going to call into a T mobile store or Verizon store, and I'm going to say, hey, I'm running super behind. I'm, like, in the middle of nowhere. I really need my phone back. I lost my sim card. I lost my phone. I need to get back the SAP. And that poor store rep has no idea what's going on. He doesn't work in crypto. He's just like, there's this poor guy in Christmas, no less, right? It's a season of giving, and so he has no idea what's happening. You might have a no owner account, but that's totally up to whichever support representative that is handling the case, whether or not they want to look at it. Right. There's no formal process in the system that says, click this button only after you uploaded the passport and our systems have verified it. That doesn't exist. And so the first half is basically, can you, without any prior context, social engineer, square agent into handing the account over? And this applies if you've bought a plan directly from at and T, from Verizon, from Mint mobile, whatever. Google Fi almost certainly protects against this. There's just no support agent you could talk to if you're dealing with Google. And so there's no one to fish or no one to social engineer. But to Harper's point, Google Fi actually doesn't protect against the second type of attack, which is someone actually bribes an insider or compromises an insider at the company itself, right, at at and T or Verizon or T Mobile. And because every, at least in the United States, every cell carrier goes through one of these major infrastructure providers, your account is in their systems. And if you bribe a T mobile employee, as Robert Sim software did, no amount of notes, no amount of locks, none of that will matter. It doesn't matter if you're with T Mobile directly or you're with Google Fi or any of the other, what we call MDNOs, which is mobile virtual network operators, I believe, operator, it doesn't matter because you're in their backend and that employee has full access to that system. That's why one just recognize that Google find other cell providers that are designed to be more secure than the average self provider for consumers will protect you against social engineering, but it won't protect you against an insider. And if you're also high value target like Robert is, it might be worth bribing an employee with, say, $5,000 to get access to your phone, which potentially unlocks your Coinbase account worth millions of dollars. And so actually, most important thing you can do is. Yeah, the most important thing you can't do is actually completely. If you have an option to remove your phone number from the account, remove it. If you haven't set as the two factor authentication method, remove it. Because just assume that if you're above certain networks and that could be as high as six figures or even mid five figures, because it doesn't actually cause a lot to bribe these employees. So if you bought some sort of net worth, just get rid of stop relay, because a motivated attacker will get access to that insider if they want to, and then there's no level of pressure you can do to solve that.
Speaker D: Got it. Anything else that you think is kind of low hanging fruit for people to improve on their security?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think the last one is just get a hardware wallet. Again, same concept. If you're both a certain net worth and you don't have a hardware wallet, and you have all your funds in a metamask or rainbow, whatever, uniswap, whatever wallet you're using these days, that is just such a big risk. There's a reason that everyone recommends hydro wallets, and that's because it guarantees that even if your computer is fully compromised, the computer has to send a request to the hardware wallet to perform an action. And the hardware wallet will not lie to you about what you're doing. So as long as you're reading the strain or whatever display on your wallet is telling you, and you see that action looks suspicious, you will protect yourself, God forbid. I mean, there's always that 0.001% chance that someone finds an ODA in the firmware, but raises the bar for you to get copyright through any sort of phishing attack exponentially. So if you don't have one yet, get a Harvard wallet.
Speaker D: Great. Okay. Fantastic advice. If people want to learn more about the security alliance or just learn more about your work, where should they go?
Speaker B: Yeah, so my telegram is always open for DM's. My Twitter account is not because I hate Twitter, DM's, but ping me at telegram, send me an email. There's a page on my website with other contact methods, but I probably won't be looking at those. And I'll, depending on what the question is, what the request is, I'll prioritize and respond to them in order. But always happy to chat. And if you have questions on security, always happy to answer them. Just reach out.
Speaker D: Awesome. Well, Sam, it's great to have you on. You're an absolute hero and a legend in the industry. You've got a multi billion dollar rap sheet of hacks that you have stopped. So it's an honor to have you on, and thanks for all the work that you do for everybody.
Speaker B: Thanks for having me.
Speaker D: All right, that's it for this week. See you, everybody.
