Speaker A: In my opinion, we're still so early in the space. And if you think about the problems, like, the big problem is that I kind of think from an analogy perspective, we're closest to like mid nineties Internet, right? And the similarities with some differences, but the similarities are like, there's millions or maybe tens of millions of users of this stuff.
Speaker B: Hi everyone. Welcome to Unchained, your no hype resource for all things crypto. I'm your host Laura Shin, author of the Cryptopians. I started covering crypto eight years ago and as a senior editor at Forbes was the first mainstream media reporter to cover cryptocurrency full time. This is the March 5, 2024 episode of Unchained. Polkadot is a leading layer zero blockchain with over 2000 developers, and the Polkadot 2.0 upgrade will be a massive accelerator for the ecosystem, making it faster, more secure and adaptable. Perfect for Gamefi and Defi to build, grow and scale. Join the community at hey Unchained listeners as you know, it's hard keeping up with a fast paced world of crypto. So we've got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. you'll get the latest crypto news and original articles from our reporters, as well as summaries of other happenings and bullet points. Plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. Its still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot Substack.com dot. This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling wherever you sell. With Shopify, youll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps, and powerful analytics used by the worlds leading brands. Sign up today for your $1 per month trial period@Shopify.com. tech. All lowercase. That's Shopify.com tech.
Speaker A: Whoa. Landing an account this big will totally.
Speaker B: Change my landscaping business.
Speaker A: It's gonna mean hiring more guys and more equipment and new trucks for the.
Speaker B: New guys to drive the new equipment in.
Speaker A: I don't know if I'm ready.
Speaker B: You can do this, and Ford Pro Finsimple can help. Our experts are ready to make growing pains less painful for your business with flexible financing solutions that meet the needs.
Speaker A: Of your business today when you need them, get started@fordpro.com. financing Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless how about to get 30? 30 baby get 30 bid to get 20? 2020, baby get 2020. I better get 15. 1515, just $15 a month. So give it a try at Mint mobile.com switch $45 upfront for three months.
Speaker B: Plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for a limited time unlimited more than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot. Today's guest is Alex Pack, managing partner at HakVC. Welcome, Alex.
Speaker A: Thanks for having me, Laura.
Speaker B: You recently announced that HackVC raised a $150 million fund. Congratulations. And if you're announcing now, you must have raised that money in a bear market. And I'm curious what that was like especially kind of in the post FTX terra celsius three ac, et cetera World. And I know this is a multipart question, but then also since you've been in crypto for so long, how would you compare fundraising this time around to past fundraising efforts?
Speaker A: Yeah, totally. I think you're absolutely right. The fundraising environment in later 22, 23 was more challenging than in some prior periods. I've been in crypto for ten years. Like I started in 2014. I've been an institutional vc the whole time. So these sort of cycles of investor interest and investment interest and prices and so forth are not new to me. But every cycle comes new investors and they go through the same sort of worries and so forth. We were still oversubscribed by the end, so it wasn't terrible. But for us actually, and I'll just sort of say the, the reason behind the fund too, the 150 million venture fund we raised was pretty opportunistic. So its a fund that invests alongside our existing, like we raised a $200 million vehicle in 2021. That was sort of peak bull market era. We didnt have to raise it. We did it because we wanted to double down on the opportunity and early stage web three, which is where we focus. So now we have all the capital to deploy behind our theses. I think for us maybe theres, maybe there's also a question of why not just wait a little bit until it's easier for us. It's just very on brand to be kind of raised in a bear market. Sort of part of our investment approach, I think to a lot of LP's, LP's like people who invest in venture funds. We're sort of known as like the fundamental value investors in crypto VC. So we're not momentum guys. We don't even use the word narrative like in our investment team meetings. We try to ban it, narrative memes, things like that. We don't even do like nfts, gaming, metaverse, sort of these categories. A little bit more meme driven. We do primarily early stage infra. We're very thesis driven. We spend most of our time researching the fundamentals, thinking about whether it can be transformative for web three. And that just comes from my background. I've been an institutional vc for a long time. One of my first roles in the space was at Bain Capital Ventures, where I helped build out their early crypto program. And we were one of the first big VCP firms to even do tokens at all, which seemed crazy at the time. We were probably the first arm of a PE fund. Bain has hundreds of billions under management to do web three in a dedicated way at all. And then after that I started one of the first true venture style crypto funds in Asia, called Dragonfly for us. Again, we're trying to do the fundamental research. We actually do models for a lot of our investments and we try to invest in technologies, not just because they're cool, that's part of it, of course, but also that they solve real problems for the industry, supposed to maybe just science projects. And so usually a good time or pretty decent time to invest as a fundamental investor is in a bear market, right, because its almost definitionally true. If your job is to sort of pick underappreciated assets back categories before they have a narrative around them, then thats like a mispricing. And mispricings are more likely. These things are more likely to occur in bear markets, right. We felt if we didn't put our necks out and say hey, this is probably the time that you want to be doing some fundamental style value based investing in crypto now, as opposed to when bitcoin was at guess the first time bitcoin was at years ago, it would be kind of off brand for us.
Speaker B: But were LP's kind of asking you different kinds of questions in the post FTX terra celsius three ac world or not really?
Speaker A: Well, different from past. The particulars are different. You know, the case studies like FTX blow up, terra blow up, what is an algo stablecoin? Things like that were different. But to be honest, the main questions are always pretty. The main questions of skepticism are all pretty similar. They're like, is all of this stuff, is, like, crypto going to become illegal? Is it all just scams? Are there any real use cases? What are the use cases of crypto? Those are the kind of questions that have been happening since 2014, like, since I got into the space, really. And you have to explain, like, okay, well, there's a few things change. Like, Ethereum came out since then, smart contracts. Bitcoin is better proof of stock. I mean, this technology may seem very nebulous and obscure, but it actually is really impactful. It leads to more use cases and so forth. There's like a big rate of change over time. But if you're just looking at the, like, the mainstream media, at least, maybe not you, but just the press headlines, you don't see the details. You just sort of see, like, this thing blew up and this thing crashed, and you're like, okay, well, has anything changed in the last ten years?
Speaker B: Right, okay. So, yeah, I mean, a lot of it, I guess, is not that different from, like, past type of questions, but maybe just a little bit more of them.
Speaker A: Well, it's flashier, too. I mean, like, it's. It's sort of macrobirds im pronouncing that word right, to describe the FTX blowup as flashy. But it was way more in the public conscious than when Mount Gox blew up in 2014. Right. Even though Mount Gox actually took down way more of a percentage of the total crypto market cap was lost in the Mount Gox exchange hack in 2014 than in FTI. Like a much larger and even. And bitcoin fell way more. There was no eth at the time, but I think. Right. Bitcoin fell way more at the time than it did from all time high to trow then. But it just wasn't as much in the public conscious. You didn't have this founder who was going off in Congress and everything like that to add the flash and gruesomeness to it.
Speaker B: Yeah. And I have to ask you, I mean, it's pretty famous now, you had this incident with Sam Binkpenfreed where he wrote a tweet thread about what he called a horror story involving a crypto vc, which was you and I know you've talked about this incident multiple times, but I do have to ask you now that the trials over his sentencing is coming up and we're seeing crypto already in the early stages of this bull market, like, you know, it really feels like we're kind of moving past that whole period. When you look back like what are your takeaways? And also did this like tiff that you had with Sam benefit you in any way when you went to raise money? I was so curious about that.
Speaker A: Well, its an interesting question when you get to, I guess, yeah, I was one of the first investors to pass on investing in Sam, but I didnt short FTX. I didnt make money on that trade. Whereas Michael Burry, all the guys that you write about that were written about the big short and stuff, they actively shorted. They made a bunch of money off of the 2008 financial crisis. You cant really do that in crypto. If you try to short FTT or somehow synthetically short the FTX, you're just going to get wrecked. Right? Because Sam's going to come after you and he's going to pump his own coin. You know, that's not a good move. So it's not like I don't have like this case study of like I made all this money off of FTX or anything. It was more just avoiding catastrophes by dint of doing like a lot of diligence. You know, like the, my story was I kind of committed to invest with him on a handshake basis after just a couple weeks. And it was like for the same reason that everybody else committed to it. It was like, this guy seems so smart and he's got these baggy shorts and he's so different. He's a contrarian and he's such a super genius, and he's got these big ideas. He's taking over the world. He's a character out of Silicon Valley. He's the ideal founder you want to back. And your first impression of him is really good. And of course it's all like a facade. It's like an american psycho. First scene, he's carefully in american psycho, he's like trying to make himself look very good. And Christian Bale's character and now in the modern day era of Silicon Valley, back these sort of weird, nerdy types. It's how do I make myself look? Totally disheveled, like I just rolled out of bed. But it's still very carefully done. But then we did six months of diligence and passed after that, which was a very long period of time. I wouldn't recommend doing that much diligence for a couple million dollars check. So that's a good story. And that sort of goes along with our approach to investing, which is we try to do our homework, we try not to be very fomo y and sort of chase these rounds that are super hot and, you know, the founders, like, it's closing in two days or something. We're like, okay, great, have fun. So I guess in that sense, it was a, it was a story relevant to sort of our approach, but in general, it's. It's a black mark on our industry. Right. It's not a good thing. I mean, it's a good thing that my opinion is in jail and that this is. That this happened earlier than. Than later. But of course, it's still a blemish, obviously, on our industry.
Speaker B: Okay. But like I did ask you also, did your tiff with him benefit you at all? I was just curious about that.
Speaker A: I mean, I don't know. I like to think that one of my most important takeaways from that situation was you probably just shouldn't back, like sociopaths. There are a lot of them in not just our industry, but as CEO's. Actually, sociopaths are highly overrepresented among CEO's. I don't know if it's in tech, but in all business, right? And a lot of them can make you good money, like backing them. They're very ruthless, but they often throw you under the bus at the end, which is kind of what happened with Sam. So in that sense, I'm hoping that and maybe this podcast will help get out the word, hey, if you're really sociopathic, just don't pitch me. There's other investors that will take your money, go to them, because then I'll. So that, in that sense, I'm hoping that is helpful for, you know, my returns or whatever over time.
Speaker B: Okay. I get the feeling that an actual sociopathic founder would be more tempted to pitch you. But anyway.
Speaker A: Oh, God, let's reverse psychology, right?
Speaker B: Yeah, let's talk about hack VC. The name of your firm, I believe, comes from the fact that you guys back the hackers of the Internet. That's what I've read in your materials. And you have something called hack Labs. Why don't you. Yeah. Just talk about this philosophy and then maybe explain what hack Labs is and why you think it's for important for a vc to have a team that does those kinds of things.
Speaker A: Totally. Yeah, hack Labs. And also the other. The other part that actually came from is Hacksummit. So Hacksummit is this open source developer community that we've been running. Like my partner ed, too. Even before crypto, it was just like a well known open source software conference, and we did virtual conferences and I would do hackathons and hacker houses. Of course, web three is all open source software, so it lend itself very easily. And we sort of pivoted smoothly into that. And that's as communities like 130,000 engineers, developers, people who've been to our events and conferences and things like that. And it's sort of a developer community of our own that, yeah, hackers we back can use to bootstrap their own developer ecosystems. So thats one. And then the other big differentiator of our fund is hack labs. So we actually use the protocols that we invest in. And we built out a lot of, we have a team of engineers and former quant researchers and traders and smart contract engineers, things like that. And we built out a lot of, I would guess were an institution. So institutional grade tooling to be able to not just staking and governance, but also participating in DeFi networks and providing liquidity, thats very important to us. Again, we mostly just back infrastructure, whether its DeFi centralized financial infrastructure or deep tech protocols, being able to use the protocols that we back is really helpful to us in our diligence and to actually supporting our portfolio and then having hacksummit as this sort of big community that they can tap into. Right. Because most of them are trying to build their own developer ecosystems or communities themselves, and they could sort of latch onto ours, speak at our events, do events with us, things like that. That stuff is very helpful. And then the third thing about our firm is just, yeah, I've been doing this for a while, and I don't know what the count is of how many deals I've invested in over the years. It's like many, a hundred plus. So if I haven't invested in something, I probably passed on. It is negatives. But, you know, so we have like a network and we have a lot of relationships and sort of advice from over the years backing unicorns previously that we can use to, to help our founders and really? Yeah, like just get in the weeds with them. That's the idea behind Hackvz. We're hackers ourselves. We want to back hackers. We want to get in the weeds with you guys as founders that we back.
Speaker B: And something interesting is you guys begin hosting hackathons with Zuzalu, which is the new, or, I don't know if I'm saying it correctly, the new community initiative co founded by Vitalik Buterin and I guess one of your venture partners. So how did that idea come about? And what's the goal of that?
Speaker A: I call it Zuzu for short, but it's not even. Anyway, the name of the thing was so that it had no SEO whatsoever and it didn't come from anything and it was totally agnostic of meaning. But yeah, Zuzalu was this event that Vitalik and one of our venture partners co founded with Vitalik and is a co organizing member of. And I just think it's very cool. It's a sort of attempt at, like, operationalizing Balaji's network state concepts, and not starting with, like, okay, let's go build a government, or let's go negotiate with nation states or anything like that. But it's starting with the idea of, like, how can we build a permanent hacker house or a hackathon and then expand from there into maybe like a San Francisco or a college campus or something like that. So the first event was in Montenegro, and it was basically a takeover of sort of a small resort ish town, and there were a few hundred people there full time and another thousand part time. And I don't think they want to do any press just because Vitalik, I mean, it's not like he just doesn't really care that much, you know? But there are all these articles at the time about, like, is this like the crypto illuminati? Like, everybody's meeting in this weird, like, back, like, you know, rural area, all the elites in crypto or something. But the idea was just, I mean, it was amazing. Like, I loved it. It was a month or two. Yeah, it was two months long. It was. There were seminars, there were themes. It wasn't just crypto either. And it definitely wasn't just ethereum. There was a longevity track, there was an AI track, a governance track, and people would fly in for like, weekends, and there would be seminars then you would like, have dinner and drink with, like, the person leading the seminar. Right, the seminar or speaking at the event or something like that. So it was very reminded me of, like, my college days, right, at a liberal arts college. And yeah, there's a bunch more. There's some of them happened around Denver, around Devconnect. We like it because it's like hacksummit. We do events anyway. Like, we do. We build developer and like, builder communities anyway, so we thought it was in theme, and it was like sort of a little bit of giving back, too. So, yeah, I think it's very interesting. I think, like one of these, it's one of this whole network state and building a new community because, like, San Francisco is failing and there's no amazing city for being a builder or being a. A tech founder, let alone a crypto founder. With the regulatory issues and everything else, this adjacent idea of, hey, maybe we should just build our own town or country or something. Over time, feels very crypto y and very free. Right. And I find it personally quite fascinating, even if it doesnt totally intersect with what we do day to day investing.
Speaker B: Was there a particular goal for it or has anything more concrete come out of it?
Speaker A: Well, they've built like, we sponsored hacker hackathons there, and there have been some pretty cool open source public goods projects that came out of it. There's this thing called Zoo Pass, which they use as their like ZK based ticketing and identity system. And yeah, I think it's really cool. There's a few other things like that that are sort of open source community building tooling that sometimes intersect, crypto, sometimes don't. And what else came out of it? I mean, it was like the first time a lot of big teams in crypto met each other. For the first, it served as off sites for, I think, big l two projects and things like that. So the goal is always, how do you advance the space in some way? How do you build things? Right. I don't know if. Well, I guess it'll take a few years to find out if it was YC successful, like if there were amazing billion dollar teams founded there or that met there, or projects that started as hacker hackathons there. But it was pretty interesting so far at least.
Speaker B: All right, so now let's talk about your new fund and I guess the other funds you have not deployed. Like when it comes to deploying all that money, what is your area of focus? Or what are your areas of focus?
Speaker A: Sure. So we're pretty thesis driven in our approach, which is a bit of a buzzword, so I can get into what that means. Generally, though, we focus on early stage web three infrastructure, whether it's decentralized or centralized. That's needed to take web three mainstream. And that's our big mission working backwards. How do we get, how do we solve the problems that make web three usable for, I don't know, my grandparents or something. There's a lot of subsceams throughout that. It's changed over time. I would say some of the big ones we're looking at now are just more infrastructure to make blockchains more scalable and secure. In particular, we're very excited about the web three AI intersection. I think that's a whole paradigm shift waiting to happen, although it's early and then I think DeFi is very important. I view stable coins as part of DeFi, and stable coins are just unambiguously the killer app of crypto. Outside the first one of, okay, let's buy bitcoin. It's digital gold, I guess, but it's a use case. But it's the use case where you just sit on it, but it's fine. But so it's like, I think the most used use case. Buy stable coins, do payments, and then it's like your gateway to DeFi. So that part is still very exciting to us. And we're looking at ways to sort of in financial infrastructure to make DeFi more interactable with the real world. Like, real world assets make it more capital efficient. I would say those are three of the big ones we've been focusing on in the last year or two, in my opinion. We're still so early in the space. And if you think about the problems, like, the big problem is that I think from an analogy perspective, we're closest to mid nineties Internet, right? And the similarities with some differences, but the similarities are like, there's millions or maybe tens of millions of users of this stuff, and it is truly useful to a small but growing group of people, you know, stablecoin and so forth. But it's incredibly hard to use. It's slow, it's really not secure. And the security thing, by the way, we could touch on that, too. That's like a huge area that I think once you solve some of the early scalability issues in the last few years, it's really important. Like, with the Internet, you had viruses that were prevalent everywhere, and you had sort of even more these more like practical security issues of like, you know, like scary predators in chat rooms. Like, that was what the Internet was known for. You know, you don't know who you're talking to, all this stuff, right? And in crypto, that's you have smart contract hacks and you have scammers who are just like constantly trying to, you know, fish your take your nfts and stuff like that. And those are like the equivalent of, you know, in the Internet era. And so, you know, my thing is like, you wouldn't let your grandma or your mom even use the Internet back in the early nineties. They would log on and immediately get you a bunch of viruses, brick your computer, and you wouldn't let your grandma use metamask today. I certainly would not. That's a minefield. And so we're trying to invest in the technology infrastructure that will change that, and it might take some time. The Internet had been around for decades during the nineties and it was still arguably mainstream adoption didn't happen until the mid two thousands even maybe post mobile phone, post iPhone. Right. So it took another ten to 15 years for true mainstream adoption to happen. But you have to start somewhere and it was a productive time to invest and be in the space. Regardless, in the Internet era.
Speaker B: Let's actually start at the more cutting edge of that part of the list. You've invested a lot at the intersection of crypto and AI, and you said you believe that HackVC is actually the most active western investor in the space. So talk a little bit about how you think these two technologies will come together.
Speaker A: Yeah, some of that is actually we've done a lot like myself and some of my other partners have done a lot of like angel investing and prior investments, even in just general AI. So yeah, one of our big investments in a prior fund is Jasper AI. And it's just, it was one of the very first sort of applications on top of chat GBT and came out before chat GBT even came out. And now it's sort of this like enterprise grade tool for marketing teams at big companies to use generative AI. And we've even done other things that have. And so we probably backed like 30 different AI companies over the years. Quite a few of those are unicorns, but the web three AI intersection I think is super fascinating. I think generally these two things, like trends, web three and generative AI in particular, are probably the most important technology trends of the last century. Or like, you know, Gen, whatever, like since 2000. And they are starting to intersect finally with Genai and with blockchains getting more scalable. So there's, there's kind of two ways to think about it. There's like how from us as infrastructure investors, right, like infrastructure that helps blockchain applications and Dapps integrate generative AI. That's very cool. And then on the other hand, like the infrastructure that gives generative AI applications the benefits of blockchain tech. And, and sort of how does crypto help AI? Right, I don't know which one you want me to start with. I could do both.
Speaker B: Yeah, go ahead, start wherever you prefer.
Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. The area where I think crypto helps AI is the most fun and active today. Like it's, it's a real problem. So right now, the biggest problem in AI, like development and AI building, is like compute and how do you get more GPU's and then how do you like, like the. Inequity problem too, of how do you actually get GPU's to startups and founders and developers and hackers, which is where I think most of the main innovation in the last few decades has come from. Right? So the big us tech cos are hoarding GPU's like I think meta announced in their last earnings they have like $10 billion of h. It's impossible, like it's basically impossible to get GPU's outside the US at all, even if you're a big company, right?
Speaker B: And wait, an H 100, it's like a type of GPU or h 100.
Speaker A: Is like the best. It's like the premium GPU that you use for from Nvidia that you use for high end generation applications, LLMs like text to video, stuff like that. It's the gold standard. Like everyone's trying, I think they're cost like 40 or $50,000 a pop. And yeah, people, it's like a marker of prestige how if you can get one or how many you have. So they're always sold out, right? And even Sam Altman is running around trying to like allegedly trying to spend $7 trillion to like build his own. I don't know, what is it, TSMC or Nvidia comp to get more compute, right? So if, so if it's this hard for like OpenAI and Sam to get it, he wants to spend trillions of dollars raise from the Saudis, you know, like obviously like really hard for founders that we back to get this set of stuff. So I view it like the $7 trillion problem in AI. I think crypto is actually really good at solving this. Most of crypto is just decentralized marketplaces. Ethereum is kind of a decentralized marketplace for compute, for cpu's in a way. You have things like Filecoin and arweave for file storage. And then I view a lot of defi as just sort of like these markets that are enable democratized access to financial products. So we started backing a lot of these decentralized GPU networks. And I think these could be, these are like the next ethereums in many ways. Ways for anybody around the world to offer Airbnb for GPU's basically ways for anybody around the world to offer or start provisioning GPU resources. And I think more of those networks will emerge over time once there's more models and once more them become open source. We could feed things like decentralized blockchain powered networks or marketplaces for AI models, for AI agents and so forth. But compute is the very bottom of the stack, right? That's the most essential part.
Speaker B: And so then the idea is that basically you could decentralize compute and then there would be this like I guess broad democratized ownership of it or something.
Speaker A: Is that, or at least access, I don't know about like ownership, I guess you could have a token and then the network is owned, whatever, that's what.
Speaker B: I meant by ownership tokenization.
Speaker A: That's cool too. But I would say simply the Airbnb for GPU's and having it be secure 24/7 permissionless, composable openaPi, all that sort of stuff, right? That's the stuff that is really impactful because like, yeah, we have, I mean there's decentralized GPU networks today that have clients from web two. They're not using it for even decentralized application purposes and they're not necessarily super crypto pilled, but they're just like, yeah, like I need, I need h 100 resource, I need compute, you know, and I need it 24/7 like I need it during, you know, there might be periods where I need more of it and I need less of it and I had to buy a bunch of them. But now, like there's this period where I'm not doing any training whatsoever, so I might as well like rent out the space on it on a network. Yeah, that's very cool for startups because you know, like AWS and meta, they just, they have a big balance sheet and they sort of get to run these marketplaces on their own, right? I mean like meta has tons of uses for these gpu's. They have lots of different divisions, AWS too. They could like they could give it to other people or they could give it to like, you know, Amazon businesses, things like that. But startups, there's no way to just like easily rent out your gpu for an hour or two or access it during periods of like peak demand or something like that.
Speaker B: All right, so in a moment we're going to talk a little bit more about how crypto and AI can work together. But first, a quick word from the sponsors who make this show possible. Polkadot is the largest layer zero blockchain with over 2000 developers and the anticipated Polkadot 2.0 upgrade will be a massive accelerator for the ecosystem. Upgrading the infrastructure with eight times higher transaction throughput and twice as fast block times. Perfectly tailored core time for the needs of every protocol. Trustless bridges internally and into Ethereum, Cosmos, Nier and Binance, smart chain revised tokenomics and the implementation implementation of a token burn to reduce inflation. Perfect for Gamefi and Defi to build, grow and scale with one of the most active crypto communities in the space. Polkadot recently announced a partnership with mythical Games, bringing top games like NFT rivals with over 650,000 players and 43 million transactions to pave the way for Gamefi and the Polkadot ecosystem. Get your web three ideas to market fast with economics that work for you. Think big, build bigger with Polkadot. Join the community@polkadot.net. work slash ecosystem community Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile.
Speaker A: With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless 30 30 baby get 30 baby get 20 2020 baby get 2020 1515 just $15 a month so give it a try at Mint mobile.com switch $45 up front for.
Speaker B: Three months plus taxes and fees. Promoting for new customers for a limited time unlimited more than 40gb per month slows full terms at mint mobile.com dot. Back to my conversation with Alex. So I also just wanted to mention that two of your investments, ritual and Eigen layer, they bring together crypto and AI. And I just wanted to hear you talk a little bit about your investment thesis for each and how you see that partnership between the two protocols working.
Speaker A: Yeah, these are kind of combining two of our themes. So I'm trying to think where to start. Ritual is awesome. I think it's kind of on the other end of the spectrum of what I was talking about. It's like this middleware solution for bringing generative AI and AI agents and open source models into decentralized applications. So it's like, okay, how do you, and this is very important I think, because the bigger problem here is like how do you have an economic layer for AI agents today? AI agent, and by the way, what is an AI agent? It's like an LLM annual model is kind of an AI agent. It's an agent in the sense that it can execute complex tasks on behalf of users and act pretty autonomously. So you could think of like, okay, Jasper, AI is like your marketing team in a box, or you have other apps that are like your AI lawyer, your AI accountant. And so these are agents, right? They do things for you. But the problem today is that these things are very siloed and they have no financial layer. Like if you just go to the chat GPD plugin storage, I think they even discontinued because this idea, like was, it was so early and the web was like so non composable, that didn't really work. So today LLMs, like, can't touch money at all. They can. You can like, go and be like, hey, like, can you plan a trip for me to France or something?
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: And they're like, oh, you should maybe buy this ticket. But they can't actually execute any of those tasks. Now, that said, maybe you don't want them to execute all of them immediately because they might hallucinate and buy you a first class seat or something, whatever those are. I. But those are like implementation details that we'll get solved one day. So crypto is amazing because it's a way to, you plug your AI agent into a smart contract, and all of a sudden your smart contract can start buying and selling things with. Or your AI agent can start buying and selling things with stable coins. It could, like invest for you. It can do all sorts of crazy things. And that, I think, broadly, is what ritual in many ways, is trying to do. Right. It's sort of this middleware that makes it really easy for blockchains to and smart dapp developers to build this stuff. Okay, great. Now there's this other problem with Eigen layer that Eigen layer is trying to solve, which is like a lot of middleware in. And middleware is, I mean, I guess it's like in the name, but middleware is like in between applications and very low level infrastructure. With basic infrastructure, it's things like oracles or query layers, like the graph in crypto. These things are sort of a sit in a very weird place in crypto today in that they're usually not low enough level that they need to be a whole protocol. And, you know, there's no like Chainlink l one, I guess, yet, I don't know. Or the graph l one or l two or something like that. It makes sense for them. They don't need to be that secure, but. But they are like essential, like plumbing in the crypto industry. And they can be attacked very easily and things like that. So, so what Eigenlayer does? Eigen layer is basically a protocol, and it's part of this sort of shared security category. There's other ones called Babylon, which we've also, we led their round recently, an alt layer, which is big in the Eigen layer ecosystem that basically allow you to sort of restake your ETH or bitcoin and create a trusted, like a blockchain level security without having to roll your own poS network or whatever, due consensus. Right. And so that's great because that's like, Eigen layer is like an ideal solution, I think, for all sorts of middleware oracles, like open, decentralized databases that scripts in the backend of a decentralized application, all sorts of things like that. And it makes a lot of sense for ritual. It makes a lot of sense for all sorts of applications.
Speaker B: All right, so one other thing that is talked about quite a bit in the crypto space nowadays is the modular versus monolithic blockchain architecture debate. And HackVC is firmly on the modular side of the debate. So I wanted to hear you talk about your conviction in that. Like, why do you believe that that's the future?
Speaker A: Yeah, I wouldn't. I mean, I wouldn't say I'm like, very firmly or ideologically on one side or the other.
Speaker B: Okay, maybe, I don't know. I read something where I got that impression.
Speaker A: I mean, look, people say that about us, like, we invest in a lot of modular infrastructure. It's definitely a core thesis. I find it funny, though, because, like, kind of the first, like, modular investment we made was, I like. And I did this many years ago at a prior firm, was like the cosmos and atom, like the cosmos ecosystem. And back then, it was just like, interoperability. Let's make it easier for blockchains to talk to each other. And it's like, also, isn't that modularity? But it all sort of things take on narratives, right? For us, it's pretty simple, I think. Yeah, modularity versus monolithic is a great way to signal two different approaches to scaling blockchains and building better user experiences for people using blockchains. Right. And monolithic approaches are. And the examples are typically, like, I guess, like open source Google Linux, like that, or even Microsoft on the one hand, versus, like, Apple on the other. And the trade offs are like, if you have a monolithic approach and you bundle all the services you need to make a blockchain really simple, you can make user experience better, and you can often composability is a little bit better, and you create this great little walled garden, or it doesn't have to be walled garden, but this great little ecosystem that everything works with each other. You don't get random errors. And that's what using the iPhone iOS app store is like. No app you download is like a virus, and it usually works well with other apps and so forth. And so the big one in this space, I guess, is Solana. And, like, personally, I do think that using DeFi and Solana today is like a more pleasant and easy experience because you're not dealing with all these bridges, all these sort of subcoins. And it's like the gas is just in one. You only have to pay gas in one in sole, stuff like that. So today, that's the benefit of monolithic. And I'm sorry, this is the opposite of what you asked me, but so monolithic optimizes for today, I think. And then modularity, though, I think, like a modular approach, optimizes for tomorrow or five to ten years out, something like that. Right?
Speaker B: I.
Speaker A: And the modular thesis is very simple. It's like we're really early in blockchain. The infrastructure is super early. It's super bad by any standards. And the most important thing is not solving for short term user experience benefits, but just get some massive, maybe multiple big tech infrastructural paradigm shifts first before we start optimizing for user experience. I do believe that. I think, yes, maybe phantom or whatever is a little easier to use in metamath today. But ultimately, neither of them are anywhere close to usability for mainstream audiences. And so with modular architecture, the benefit is you get to specialize, and via specialization, you get optimization. And so you can solve the trilemma more easily. The trilemma is like scalability, decentralization, and security. And you can just up level all three of them. Like, you could have one blockchain that focus, or one piece of a blockchain that focuses on scalability, one that focuses on security, things like that. They don't have to make these trade offs. And then developers can. Now it gets complicated for developers because they're like, what tech stack do I use? And it gets weirdly ideological, because nowadays you see this trend where a project is trying to reinvigorate themselves. They've been around for years, an application, their token, is not doing so great. And they're like, we just moved to Solana, or we just started using celestia for data availability layer. And I'm trying to imagine what this would be like in Web two, where you have an old app that's not getting much use, and they're like, guys, we just moved to Snowflake. We switched from AWs to Google cloud. Big press announcement. But that's what blockchain. I mean, there are communities and ecosystems as well as this piece of technology. So these ideologies form. But yeah, I would say from us, from a practical perspective, modularity saw a lot of this modular blockchain solve very practical problems. They help bring better security, better scalability and so forth. And we like that.
Speaker B: So let's now talk about Defi. As you mentioned, you have your labs where you are experimenting in Defi. Defi kind of had its Defi summer, and then obviously we went through the 2022 period. Where do you see it going in this cycle? What are the areas that you're focused on or find most interesting?
Speaker A: Yeah, for me, we started, I mean, I started investing in Defi. Like, I don't, like many, many years ago, like several years before there was like a word for Defi. And back then I was just saying, like, I like sort of financial applications ish for blockchains at this point. I think DeFi, and especially stable coins within it basically represent the biggest use case for crypto outside of like the bitcoin store value thesis. And then the other thing is, it's basically, it's also sort of middleware at this point, right? Because if you sort of dig in beyond the hype of like, why would anyone one day use a blockchain based game or a blockchain based social network or whatever? It's because you're able to inject this financial layer to it and you're able to turn them into money games and reward, like all sorts of sort of financial games and features you're able to build in natively into these application. That's maybe why they're better than web two games or web two social products. And even ownership is part of that. Ownership is like you give yourself a share of something or a token. And so I view DeFi as also essential infrastructure and plumbing for any of these other consumer applications to work, they need to plug into them. And that's why you saw step in at one point, was the biggest app on Solana by far, but it was like Stepn was the biggest user of gas, and then right behind it was Orca because everyone was just buying and selling these, I don't remember what they were, shoes or something, right? And so you needed orca. Like, Orca was the decentralized exchange. You needed Orca for it to work, right? And then eventually they're like, oh, Orca's like taking so much value, we're going to build our own orca whatever, right? So that's why we're pretty excited about DeFi, its infrastructure. And it's also like the biggest use case today. And I would say the other good thing about DeFi is it kind of didn't blow up the bass cycle. A lot of c five just sort of collapsed and DeFi, especially like ethereum based DeFi that totally open source. You didn't have any major like under collateralization events on compound Aave, things like that maker doubt and break their pen. This is pretty remarkable given that there were like massive moves in the price of the volatility of these crypto assets that back this stuff. So what I think we have today in DeFi is we have this sort of pretty cool, kind of scary jungle gym, or like, like jungle rather not even jungles of jungle where you can. It's like, it's like, there's like car, it's like a carnival, but it's a. It works, there's like high speed roller coasters and it's very intense, but it works really well. But it works for a very small number of use cases, like over collateralized lending, trading crypto assets. And it's very separate from the real world. So to get that, you really just need more real world assets. In many ways, stablecoins were the thing that brought Defi to, brought traction up a ton, and it sort of the opposite too. Defi also helps stable coins and help build it. And so I think we just need more real world assets. That's the easiest way to sort of see defi the space. Things like getting t bills on chain, getting better, stable coins that are more transparent and open source and all that fun stuff. So we invest in a lot of things like that. And then the other thing I'll say is, it's hard to put stats around this, but we're definitely one of the more active institutions in Defi today, providing TVL, you know, going in pools, being liquidity providers. And it is like really, really challenging to do it in a regulated compliant fashion. You know, where like in the US, we're SEC registered, we're an RIA registered investment advisor. And so we have high standards around reporting, around audits. And we have this team of like great engineers who came from big, like, you know, prop trading firms, meta, you know, FAANg, stuff like that. And for like the first six to twelve months of joining us, they were basically just building like accounting infrastructure, you know, but accounting, accounting is like insane. I mean, if you ever tried to do your taxes after you do like, because you know, like one little thing like provide some liquidity to this pool ends up being 15 discrete transactions, right? Like do bridge to this, and then you get gas, and then there's like dust along the way and you buy gas on this chain and then you bridge and all this stuff, right? So yeah, solving some of those sort of building blocks, like how do you do accounting and stuff like that is also very important. But yeah, the juice is worth the squeeze for sure. I think it's a really essential area to, to spend time in and it needs to, yeah, for it. If it improves, the whole ecosystem improves.
Speaker B: And you mentioned stablecoins which obviously played a very central role in the year of 2022. You have experience investing in maker terra liquidity. Whats your take on kind of where stablecoins need to go at this point? And yeah, just whether or not you think decentralized stablecoins will work at all.
Speaker A: So stablecoins were like the very, it was the best of times, it was the worst of times for stablecoins. On the one hand it was definitely the best of times because you know, to put numbers around how well stable stablecoins were basically the use case that did not really fall much at all despite the, you know, the 70, 80% drops in like wealth in the space. So yeah, the high level stats, I'm sure people say this on the, on your pot all the time, but it's like, you know, they're doing more volume a day, they're settling more volume like, like, or transferring or settling more dollars worth of value every day than like all the card networks, Visa, Mastercard, they're doing like 50 billion plus a day. And then the fact that like every once, like some quarters tether makes more in profit than Blackrock, which is like the largest asset manager and one of the largest financial services companies on earth is just nuts. Like if it was public and a little bit more regulated and so forth, it would be one of the largest financial service companies on earth. So yeah, to ignore this category, it would be quite stupid, I think, and to ignore interesting experiments would also be quite stupid, I think. And so what do I mean by interest experience? On the other hand, you had situations like terra and these algo stable coins. It just went extremely, grew extremely fast and then fell literally within a couple of days and caused all these issues. And so I've been investing in stablecoins for many years and I remember back in 2017 there was a particular surge in alignment ideology around an ex maxi. There were bitcoin maxis, there were ETH maxis, and there are even bitcoin cash maxis. That was like a big thing back then. And I used to, yeah, back in the day old history and I used to joke like, I'm a stablecoin maxi, like I just, I just want stable coins to work wherever, whether on bitcoin or eth or, you know, whatever. That's the most important. And I think that's played out. But, yeah, there's all sorts of these experiments still happening. I think Terra was an experiment that also got muddled with a lot of fraud and was a very reckless experiment. But there's things like Athena today. There's. There's all these sort of, you know, almost every decentralized derivative protocol.
Speaker B: And you didn't invest in Athena, but do you think something like that could work?
Speaker A: Yeah, totally. Look, I mean, I thought. I thought Terra, like an algorithmic stable coin could work. And I wouldn't be surprised if, like, a much better sensible version of terra does actually work over time.
Speaker B: So your take on Terra was that the issue was fraud.
Speaker A: A lot of. Well, I don't know about specifically, Tara. I mean, there was a lot of alleged fraud and. But I would say, can I step. Maybe. Can I step back and give, like, a historical analogy, like. Yeah, just to make it clear. So, yeah, I view all these things as basically financial experiments. Athena, we can get to it. Athena is. Is basically doing the basis trade on ETH, but tokenized. And I think. I think calling it a stable coin is probably a misnomer. I think it's more like a structured product or a interesting synthetic asset and.
Speaker B: Wait, basis you're talking about with this early stablecoin that unrelated.
Speaker A: Athena is like the basis trade is when you. It's like an arbitrage trade, where you arb the funding rate and you're able to earn in a market neutral way, like maybe ten to 20 or 30% returns. But the returns are very volatile. They depend on basically how out of whack, like the derivatives markets are versus the underlying spot, or markets between exchanges. So it's a very common type of trade. Like, a lot of trading firms have been doing this for years. And this is basically, Athena is a way to package it and offer it to everyday users. Right. Most of these things in crypto, these experiments have very clear tradfi analogies, actually, it's not just Athena and the basis trades work. Now, sometimes the basis trade collapses and breaks, and you could trade it poorly, and that's market making. Trading firms blow up all the time. And it's basically the same situation as terra. So if you were to analogize terra to, like, tradfi and the 2000 year history of finance, basically, it's a decentralized central bank, and not just terra, but algorithmic stablecoins that does three things. One, it creates this asset that is pegged to another asset. So it maintains a peg. And two, it does it without being fully collateralized, and three, it does that by basically promising shares of future profits to investors. And that's kind of what the Luna token was like, share of future seniorage. So that's like, has that ever happened before? Have there ever been some central banks that maintained a peg without being fully collateralized? Yeah, like tons of them do this. There's dozens of historical antecedents going back like centuries. So today we're not on a gold standard, so we don't do this. But for about 100 years prior to World War one, most western nations maintained a gold standard. So that means they pegged their local currency, the franc, the. The pound, whatever, the dollar, you know, for the US, they pegged their currency to the price of gold, but at almost no time did. And this was like, you know, the 18 hundreds, early, 19 hundreds at almost no time. Practically speaking, did all of these countries at once have enough gold, like have an equal amount of gold in the reserves that they could to back their currency with even, just, even just the logistics of like moving all that gold around, like shipping it across continents and stuff, would have made it impractical. So what they do instead, they basically created central banks. All the central banks were basically started in this time period, this hundred year period, the bank of the bank of France, like bank of England, et cetera. And they created central banks. And the job of the central bank was to defend the peg from attacks. And they would do this by either. Sometimes they would sell shares in their banks, which are the equivalent of owning Luna or the equity coin or something, or they would do government bonds. They would sell government bonds that were denominated in their own local currency. They would sell bonds or their own shares, and bonds would offer interest rates. They would entice speculators or investors to go buy the bonds. They would buy the bonds in their local currency. That took the currency out of circulation. And then when they would sell bonds, this would also increase the interest rate and other government bonds, like selling bonds low as the price of the bond. And then there's an inverse relationship between the price of bond and its yield, right? So it would increase the interest rate in this jurisdiction. And then that would encourage even more speculators to come in and buy the local currency in order to then buy government bonds and collect the high interest rate. So this worked out fine for a lot of countries and a lot of currencies for many years. But also it didn't, it wasn't like 100% success rate. I mean, Germany, there are lots of situations of hyperinflation in this period, too. Yeah, it would fall apart if the central bank got the algorithm wrong of buying and selling, or if the reserve ratio got really low. And the reserve ratio for terra was really, really, so to speak, there were bitcoin reserves, but it was a half hearted effort at the end. But yeah, this high level concept of lets have a central bank and lets give it the job of maintaining a peg by giving out some sort of promise of future returns, is fundamentally a sound concept. And its almost exactly this concept of using interest rates to maintain currency pegs and influence the economy. Its exactly what the Fed does today. Its called open market operations. They go out and they buy and sell bonds, and by doing that, they manipulate the interest rate. And they could either do that to maintain a peg if you're like a fully or moderately backed country backed reserve system, or you do it to influence the economy and get you out of recession or not, or something like that. So, yeah, where am I going with this? Basically, there's a lot of these. I think the thing that it explains and the thing that draws me to think, even things I've invested in, like Athena, the reason I find them cool is I think it does show how powerful Defi and the crypto based financial system is in the sense that, like, the idea that anyone can spin up their own central bank to algorithmically manage a peg, and you could create structured products to do so as well. Like, also, I think the terra model of Luna was so bad. Like, it was, it was like, yeah, they could have done bonds, they could have tranched it, they could have had an algorithm, they can trade. There are all sorts of things they could have done, but the idea that you could do this is pretty, just like in your garage or whatever in your house is pretty cool, because the only people that could do this before were nation states, which is to say, like, if you had a military and you had territorial sovereignty over your state, and now you can create your own financial ecosystem without, like, having a military, without threats of violence, without actual use of violence. And that is pretty awesome. Like, yes, of course, like, not all experiments are the same. There should for sure be regulations around this and disclosures and things like that. Even the fact that Terra was like, and I think Atheno, that fact that these guys are calling themselves stable coins, I mean, I'm guessing Athena probably has a lot more disclosures than Terra did, but there's problems, of course, but it speaks to the flexibility and nuance that you can do and building complex systems in DeFi. Sorry, that was my little professor financial history monologue.
Speaker B: No, I loved it. Even though it was a stable coin question, it was sort of a DeFi answer, which I thought was interesting. So earlier you talked about how security is still a major issue in crypto. And I wanted to hear kind of like how you guys are thinking about trying to invest in this area to address that issue, because I agree it is such a huge issue, and crypto is not going to go mainstream until we resolve that.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's really tough. There's so many hacks, there's bridge hacks, and then there's differences between a hack and also a scam are very hard to tell sometimes. I think there's two ways to think about security. There's more secure smart contracts. That's the first way. And that absolutely has to happen. So the good news is there are interesting ways to have a lot higher security guarantees that your smart contracts are good. Right now, the model of ensuring that you have secure smart contracts is just insane amounts of audits. Like we have protocol that launched, I think is launching now, and they literally did seven audits. And it's just, I mean, I think it'll cost you like a million dollars. Right? It's insane. You look at, I find the crypto, by the way, crypto is probably the highest margin industry I've ever invested in. It's like finance meets software and all the software is open source. So it's funny to look at the cost structure of some of these crypto protocols, and it's basically all just audits and legal fees. If you could take those out, that's great. On its own, that solved that problem, the margin problem. But, yeah, like this. And then doing an audit every time you want to push a v two is also crazy, right? So you need a way to do like continuous audits and so forth. So it's not good right now. One way is you can, is you can maybe have just better programming languages. Like the EVM is basically solidity. That's like solidity, which is basically JavaScript, which is like a very. Not like rocket ships are not coded in like solidity because they, like. It's easy to make a small error. So you want to have languages like move is a very interesting one that the meta Facebook team created. So we're investors in Swe. Aptos is also doing it. There's a lot of ideas around how you could bring the move language to ethereum as well and get composability there. So I think that's interesting. If you get programming languages that are just much harder to, like, much easier to code in at the low level and much higher security guarantees in language. Formal verification as a service is also really cool. It might be like this very big brain problem that's hard to solve, but if you solve it, it's a big problem. So that's some of it. I mean, I. We there, I even think we may want to have reversible blockchains under certain circumstances and. Yeah, like, do all blockchains have to be fully, like, the settlement is final forever? Like, you know, without the way the optimistic roll ups work is you can, like, there's a trial period and you can contest it and things like that. Maybe we roll that out to financial transactions as well. Right. So I think that could be one solution. It's hard to tell though, right? And then, you know, purists hate this stuff, but again, we're trying, we're trying to actually invest in tech that is not interesting to purists, but interesting to solving problems for users. So that's a lot of stuff. Then the other level is like kind of what Eigen layer and shared security protocols are doing, which is how do you make blockchain level security cheaper and easier and that, you know, Celestia solving this problem, like, what if you just have a. Just a data availability layer and then it could be much cheaper and the sort of security benefits you get versus cost is like a higher ratio. That stuff is very cool, too. And is also solves these problems. Of course, like when you have. Yeah, when you have a lot more. When it's much harder to attack a blockchain or attack adapt like that. That benefits users at the end of the day too. Right.
Speaker B: All right, so now let's just turn to where we are at this moment in time in crypto because we've just had these bitcoin ETF's approved.
Speaker A: I.
Speaker B: We're seeing that this is definitely getting us into the, I guess, early stages of the bitcoin bull market, possibly a whole crypto bull market. We have the having coming up. I'm just curious for your thoughts on where the markets will go in 2024 and what you think might be the major tech catalysts of this bull market.
Speaker A: Yeah, I will say one catalyst that even took me by surprise is obviously the ETF. I would say I just like, I was blown away by it was exceeded my expectations. I kind of was thinking that, like, there's two benefits of the ETF, right? One is regulatory clarity, and that's good. Like the SEC said that eleven etF's can go out after blocking it for years. So hard to imagine that crypto and the eventual adoption of crypto into tradfi and integration of crypto in the financial system is not going to happen, or at least is going to be blocked systematically. Bye. You know, one guy or one agency. So that was a genuinely positive, like structural change. Right. And I think a lot of us sort of saw it coming, but with the grayscale lawsuits and even ripple lawsuits, stuff like that. But it is, it is very positive. It's sort of. Yeah, it bodes well for regulatory stuff in the US. So I was like, okay, like, even if the ETF's don't do well, still good. Like, still positive. Right? Fortunately, it also did really, really well. Right. It like exceeded all expectations. I look back, I just wanted to see, like, did it actually exceed expectations or is it just. And I saw there was like, I think Alex Thorne came on your show a few months ago from Galaxy, and he gave what I like, I think he's a great researcher, but he gave what I kind of thought was supposed to, like, you know, a lot of equity research analysts, they love giving like a really, really big number. It's big attention. So he gave, I think, like a really huge number. And it was like $14 billion of inflows in the first year, and we're already at like 7.5 billion. We're halfway. We're more than halfway there. So even though, like, let's go as big as we can for good media attention or whatever.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, but he said. Yeah, he said that was conservative, so. But still.
Speaker A: Okay, sure, it's conservative. Great. Well, like, I would have been thrilled if there was 14 billion. That would have been amazing. So that's a catalyst, for sure. But the bigger catalysts, I think, are just the, the infrastructure pieces and the early use cases. So stablecoin growth, I think, is the biggest. Really, these things, you should think of these things both as on ramps, right? Both the bitcoin ETF and both stablecoins are like. They're kind of like gateway drugs into the broader crypto market, right?
Speaker B: Well, I think stable coins are, but ETF's are more like, they're just more passive. So I don't know if they're an on ramp.
Speaker A: I think, like, they're definitely definitionally an on ramp. But I hear what you're saying in the sense that it's like, you don't.
Speaker B: Own those private keys. That's right. Yeah. Once you get that bitcoin, you can't do anything with it.
Speaker A: And you're not setting up a wallet like, you're not. It's not, like, incredibly easy for you to then take that asset and move it into defi like it is in stable coins, which, and I think a lot of people, they buy their first stable coin on binance or something. But, yeah, often they move it right into defi. It's composable. So it's not quite as good an on ramp, no doubt. But I think it's maybe more like culturally an on ramp, getting people financially invested, getting people thinking about this sort of thing. And then you start thinking, and you have bitcoin ETF, then you start thinking, well, maybe I should buy all my bitcoin outright, or maybe I should buy some other of these. What are these other altcoins doing? But, yeah, there's more room to make better tradfi on ramps for sure. But it solves a need, right? It solves, like, a. It solves the need by lowering the barrier to entry into the space. Right. So those are the, those are the benefits I see to these things, and those are the catalysts. How do we get stable coins into more people's hands? How do we get, you know, people get their first crypto asset and so forth and, like, a reason for them to actually get their first crypto asset? The infrastructure stuff is kind of stuff we've been talking about. It's like the somewhat boring stuff that is like, the behemoth in the background that actually causes the earthquakes and causes the tsunamis to actually occur on the front end. And that's a steady pace, really. I don't think there was actually any slowdown in infrastructure development at all. In the bear market. It's possible is even anti correlated. Like, I mean, it's very hard to measure. Like, how do you measure, like, pace of infrastructure development, but it may be slightly negative correlated or at least uncorrelated to the price of bitcoin. Right?
Speaker B: Yeah, I guess. But my question is if, like, 2017 was the ICO craze, 2021 was nfts, then, like, what do you think this bull market will be about?
Speaker A: Well, I don't think, first, I don't think it has to be something totally new. Like, I think that's a very, like, tail wags, a doll dog kind of thinking a little bit where it's like, it's got to be some new flashy narrative. So, you know, there's, like, bitcoin, l two s and there's gaming and there's lots of narratives that just sort of pop and fall down. And at the end of the day we, you know, I think of. I think of all technology as like there's the why now of why people like, and all like startups, protocols, whatever. It's. What's the problem it's solving today. How does it make it easier for people to do their existing activities or whatever? So just more like better stable coins that are faster and more secure and more composable and things like that, or that offer yield or whatever, like that alone is like, if you can do that, the tam is trillions, right? So you can like ten hundred x the size of the market. That way you don't need to have like some new flashy thing to entertain people for a couple months. The other thing in DeFi is like, it's totally. Yeah, I mean, like building more institutional tooling in DeFi is another thing that could bring 100 x more users to DeFi. Uh, building more capital efficient systems. The fact that everything's over collateralized, except Terra, that was obviously a bad example of, of under collateralization. But yeah, if you could create like these sort of synthetic asset experiments that are actually like smart ways to do under collateralization, that then brings that like the market size of like over collateralized lending versus under collateralized lending is just like just a hundred, like an order or two orders of magnitude bigger than the others. So. So what is that like capital efficient defi? I know that's not the sexiest thing, like capital efficient DeFi or like a few more real world assets or better stable coins. I think that's the big stuff, to be honest, that those are like the lowest hanging fruits that could bring you ten to 100 x more users, in my opinion.
Speaker B: I mean, maybe this is the cycle when finally that phrase like wall of institutional money will actually mean a thing.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's very possible. Again, it's like, what is it doing? Is it just going to buy bitcoin? Because it's like, it's like a new gold? I mean, yeah, actually now they say that sounds great, like that's doable as well. But what I hope will happen as well will be more. Yeah, the infrastructure really improves the zero to one use cases and makes new things possible. So I think Defi has like 100 x room to grow from where it is just by these sort of relatively small fixes. There's other stuff that's interesting, of course, like social fi. We've seeded a few things in social, social crypto, I will just say as investors, it's. I mean, by the way, like, no financial advice, all those caveats. But one reason we like infrastructure is it's kind of an investment in everything built on top. Right? And same with Defi. If you need Defi protocols and if you need things like Eigen layer or new blockchains to build your social applications on top of, that's good. Usually accrues some value that way. It is tough, though, because it's very hard to predict what will hit in social, for instance, or when we back to project called Bitcloud, now it's called Deso in the early days, and it was like a decentralized Twitter. And this was before Elon bought Twitter and changed it. And, you know, at the time, Twitter was totally ossified. It had never really shipped new product in years. And it was banning lots of people left and right, all this stuff, right? And they got pretty big for a crypto project. They got like millions of users and they got a, they got a New Yorker article that's, that's kind of my. Maybe I'm like my sort of like East coast, like, whatever upbringing, middle class upbringing is. Like when you get a New Yorker article about you, like, you're in the main, like, people are paying attention to you, right? And it was like this very, like black mirror kind of like, oh, the future of social, when everyone has their own coin and stuff, but it didn't take off too much. And now they're, they're building infrastructure mostly. They're. They're mostly like a layer one blockchain that builds infrastructure to support other types of social applications on top. So nothing has hit yet in a big way there. And, you know, friend Tech did the same thing. It was very similar to big cloud, and it kind of had went up and down in a very Christmas tree way, going up and then down. So it's hard to predict these things, but I think we understand the pieces of infrastructure that are required to make these things happen, at least.
Speaker B: All right, Alex, well, this has been a super fun conversation. Where can people learn more about you and hack VC?
Speaker A: Yeah, hack VC. We got the domain. So I would just go there and you could probably find my Twitter from there and all that fun stuff.
Speaker B: Perfect. Well, it's been a pleasure having you on Unchained.
Speaker A: Totally. Thank you.
Speaker B: Thanks so much for joining us today. To learn more about Alex and HackVC, check out the show notes for this episode. Unchained is produced by me, Laura shin withal from Nelson Wong, Matt Pilchard wanna Vanovitch? Megan Davis Shashank and Margaret Guria, thanks for listening. Unchained is now a part of the Coindesk podcast network. For the latest in digital assets, check out markets daily five days a week with host Noel Atchison. Follow the Coindesk podcast network for some of the best shows in crypto.
