Speaker A: Hey unchained listeners. As you know its hard keeping up with the fast paced world of crypto, so weve got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. youll get the latest crypto news in original articles from our reporters as well as summaries of other happenings in bullet points. Plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. Its still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot. Again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot.
Speaker B: Not a dividend, its a tale of tuqwan.
Speaker C: Now your losses are on someone elses balance sheet.
Speaker D: Generally speaking, airdrops are kind of pointless anyways.
Speaker C: I manage trading firms who are very involved.
Speaker B: Alec Eth is the ultimate defi protocols.
Speaker E: Are the antidote to this problem.
Speaker C: Hello everybody. Welcome to the chopping block. Every couple of weeks the four of us get together and give the industry insiders perspective on the crypto topics of the day. So quick intro. First you've got Tom, the defi maven and master of memes. Next we've got Robert, the crypto connoisseur and captain of compound. Then we've got Tarun, the Giga brain and grand Poo Bah at Gauntlet. And then finally, I'm Haseeb, the head hype man at Dragonfly. So we are early stage investors in crypto and I want to caveat that nothing we say here is invested advice, legal advice, or even life advice. Please see chopping blocksyz for more disclosures. So we were just freaking out about this new Azuki drop that has got the Internet completely lit up at the time that we're recording this. Robert, please explain for us we okay, we Robert, please explain for us what happened with this Suzuki drive. Can you just walk us through the storyline here?
Speaker E: So Azuki announced that they were going to be doing a new collection and they did this by surprising everybody who held Azuki's with some like token, some a bean NFT, and the bean NFT would become a new NFT called an elemental. And they decided that they were going to give out a bunch of elementals to existing Azuki holders and then sell a bunch more. And what happened was they raised a ton of money by selling these new elemental beans pre reveal to people in a dutch auction. And obviously almost every dutch auction in crypto history sells out instantly or whatever the starting price is because everyone is so excited. I don't know why anyone uses dutch auction mechanisms anymore. It's a facade. It's silly. Just set the damn price. It'll sell out. But each one of these sold for two ether and they raised something like 36 or $40 million selling these new elemental nfts. And everyone was excited. They're like, oh, my God, like, you.
Speaker C: Know, I should add so people after the dutch auction, to the initial holders of the beans, which is this previous kind of low value Ezuki collection, it was supposed to also go to a public auction so people in the public could also buy it. But it never got to that point because it got sold out immediately by the bean holders, which made the community already very upset about the way this was managed.
Speaker E: That's right. And then there were some issues with the website and it took a while to be able to reveal them. But the long story short is once they were revealed, the big reveal that, like, everybody was waiting to see what these cool new nfts were. Well, theyre shockingly similar to the original collection of azukis. In fact, I challenge pretty much anyone to go onto Opensea or blur or your favorite NFT platform and compare Azukis to Azuki elementals. Basically, its the same collection. And so in essence, what has occurred is theyve, I think, tripled the number of Azukis out there. Yes, they have a different name, but theyre Azukis. Theyre basically identical toms flipping back and forth between Izukis and elementals, and you wont be able to tell the difference. And theres a couple of differences. Like theres a couple new traits that the elementals have that the original azukis dont have. And theres slightly more frequency of cool elemental things like fire and lightning and earth and, you know, all this stuff. But fundamentally, they're Azukis. And they basically use this as a way of like, you know, massively increasing the size of the collection. And so everybody's up in arms. The price of Azuki's dropped like 40 something percent pretty much instantly upon this reveal. And crypto, Twitter is captivated by this new mechanism called, you know, sell more of the original NFT.
Speaker B: There are two main lessons from this. First is Robert retiring from NFTs was a psyop.
Speaker C: Clearly you are still very plugged in.
Speaker E: No, I'm an observer. I may dabble here and there. I will, for disclosure purposes, state that I do own two elementals, one that I got for free and one that I purchased below the mint price.
Speaker C: Okay, very good.
Speaker B: The second thing is, and I think I saw someone sort of hinting at this, but Azuki was maybe one of the only big of the large cap NFT projects not to do a fundraise. So maybe this is like they needed cash and all the other.
Speaker C: Oh, they were trying to do a fundraise. They were trying to do a fundraise. They were, they were going out to market alongside the same time you.
Speaker B: I don't remember. But did they get it? Did they close?
Speaker D: I think they did. But also I don't think they needed the money. Like, I think, you know, they were making a bunch of money on royalties and even primary mints last year. So I feel like it's like NFTs, they're all trying to figure out their business model and how this whole thing works and looks sustainable. Do you try to turn this into a media business or a gaming business? Or is this a pure art play and you try to make money on royalties or you sell plushies? I guess, if you're penguins. But I feel like the trick here really the Grail is being able to do continuous new primary issuance. Like being able to sell $40 million worth of jpegs is like fucking crazy. And in theory, depending on the market or more true historically, you're also getting some residuals and some secondaries, royalties and secondary sales as well. And so it's all kind of a question of like, well, how can I keep my community going by throwing events or doing some giveaways or doing something to sort of allow you to do new primary issuance and everything is almost sort of a game around that versus any of these other things, in my opinion.
Speaker E: I agree. I mean, the most concerning thing is that the standard playbook for an NFT project, regardless of if it's media or whatever, is make more nfts. That seems to be the go to instinct for almost every single project that's successful. And there's various degrees of success and credibility in that approach. But almost every project's instinct is like, make more nfts. It's almost like there was projects very early on that were like, oh, what do we do next? We'll make another token. And there's projects with multiple tokens. I feel like the instinct is just make more nfts. And I think that's the wrong instinct. I think to succeed, projects would be better off instead of making more nfts and making a more complex ecosystem and blah, blah, blah, figuring out things that you could do for the existing nfts, not just make more nfts.
Speaker B: I know the show gives a disclaimer about not providing any investment advice, but I would love to know what your thesis was for buying one, because I don't understand.
Speaker C: Okay, Robert, what were you expecting them to look like when you were buying the elementals?
Speaker E: I mean, honestly, I was expecting them to look like something different from Azuki's. Better than beans. I don't know if anyone out there is an NFT collector. They launched a collection, you know, at some point called beans. And the beans, I think, are the most ridiculous nfts ever made by, like, a blue chip ish collection.
Speaker C: Yeah, they're not very cool. It's, like, very hard to imagine somebody making a bean as their pFp.
Speaker E: No, I personally think that mutants are extremely uncool. Like, bored ape was, you know, awesome, and they made mutants, and they're, like, obviously, like, very aesthetically unpleasing. They're, like, nothing cool. They're kind of offensive. Beans were kind of like the mutants of azuki. They were, like, silly looking and kind of stupid. And why would you really want beans? Like, it was almost like a joke that they were playing on their own collectors. Like, oh, you're gonna want beans, right? And the beans were these, like, little, like, silly things and. Okay. It was a massive divergence from the original collection. So I just assumed incorrectly, I think everyone on Twitter assumed incorrectly that by releasing a third collection, the third collection would not be Azuki's. It would not be beans. It would be like some other thing in the universe, instead of just being more Azuki's.
Speaker C: I just. I really struggle. One that they didn't understand that, like, if you are trying to maintain the exclusivity of your brand, that you don't just make more of the same thing. If Rolex decides all of a sudden, hey, we're going to create 100,000 of these this year just for the hell of it, because, whatever, we need some revenue. That is such a bad decision. Although it's obviously going to make money right now, it basically torpedoes your business. It's hard to imagine that they didn't understand that. And I guess the other side of it is it does seem like a bit of a failure of imagination that they're just like. They're just more anime characters that are also in profile, looking to the left. There doesn't really seem to be that much new. Like you mentioned, there's a few other animals. There's, like, raccoons or cats or something. There's a few animals. Yeah. Most of them just look, like, ordinary. I would not know those are not part of the original collection if you had not raised it to me that, oh, no, these are elementals. These are different.
Speaker D: I can't believe this is turning into an NFT podcast.
Speaker C: I feel like we have to be that NFT podcast now. Now that NFTs are not cool anymore.
Speaker E: I agree. We have to embrace the least cool thing at all times.
Speaker C: That's right. That's right. But what was so notable about this collection was that people were talking about how this is the revival of NFT primary sales. Cause this is the largest NFT primary sale in, like six to seven months when NFT volumes have collapsed and volumes are super low. And this feels like a dagger in the heart of NFT collectors of. Just like, why would you ever buy another mint? You fool?
Speaker D: You missed out on the lady maker Fumo Mint, which is another notable primary, primary issuance.
Speaker E: How much did that raise?
Speaker D: I don't know. An aggregate, but they're going for like 40k now. But it was like a. It's very different. They're like plush animal. Yep. Stuffed animals.
Speaker C: You gotta pull one. All right.
Speaker D: Okay, let me describe.
Speaker C: Can't do an NFT show without you showing us what you're showing us. The jpeg.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Look at that. Wait, what?
Speaker D: Anyway, they're redeemable for an actual clutch.
Speaker C: Oh, oh, oh, I see. So it's really like a collector's item.
Speaker D: Correct, correct. And they sold on a bonding curve.
Speaker C: So it's unisoc style.
Speaker E: It's unisoc for malady plush toys.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, I see. Okay, got it.
Speaker E: Do you own one time?
Speaker D: I did not. I do not. I missed the mint and too far up the bonding curve.
Speaker E: Now you're no longer as cool as I thought you were.
Speaker D: Sorry.
Speaker B: Wait, wait, wait. Can I ask a more opinionated question? I was watching some documentary on Michael Milken the other day because I just forgot. I forgot he got pardoned or something recently, which I thought happened a long time ago. So I was just like, oh, let me go revisit some financial history. So the real question to me is, who's the milken of NFTs to you? I have my answer, but I want to. I'm curious what everyone else's answer is.
Speaker C: Hold on. Before we get there, my first question is this. What, like a Friday night with a girl? Is this what you watch a documentary about the history of financial independence?
Speaker B: No. Sometimes you just gotta do what you gotta do.
Speaker C: Okay, got it. Cool. Sorry, Robert, go ahead.
Speaker E: So I was gonna ask Tarun, since I've never thought about who the Michael Milken of NFTs is. Tarun, who is Machi?
Speaker B: Ah, machi big brother is in some ways has very similar style aesthetic in terms of the types of equivalent junk bonds, I guess, that exist in NFT land. It's neither a compliment nor an insult. It's sort of like a liminal third thing.
Speaker D: Yeah. How would you describe the milkiness if.
Speaker B: You were to distill it? I think it's just that no one else ever sells a ton of things and then immediately goes and takes out loans on the same thing and takes leverage and buys them back. It just reminds me of the Ivan Boesky and Milken back and forth, where Boesky would manipulate some price and then Milken would, like, sell things into that price manipulation. And it's kind of amazing. People seem to be doing that directly with. And so maybe that's too niche of an answer, but I don't know enough NFT traders. I just know him. Cause he's the most famous one.
Speaker C: I gotta say I am so outside of every aspect of this conversation, I'm gonna vote that we end the NFT section for the show. But we're gonna bring this back.
Speaker B: Hey, hey, hey.
Speaker C: You know what? Now that ft's audience anymore, we should open every show.
Speaker B: Anyone has their own notion of who the milken is. Please tweet at me. I'm curious.
Speaker E: Yeah, tweet at Tarun.
Speaker C: Please tweet at tarun for your milken of NFTs. Okay, let's. So moving on to more traditional finance. Prime trust, very much in the spirit of the times. There's another big failure slash, you know, spontaneous combustion in the crypto realm, which is this custodian called primetrust. I knew of primetrust. I never really knew that much about it. I knew it was out there somewhere in the world. Last week, the story was that they were going to get acquired by Bitgo. They were in some kind of distress. It was very unclear exactly what was going on, but there were some rumors that things were bad in a bad state over at prime Trust. Primetrust, to be clear, is a fairly small custodian. I think the three biggest custodians in crypto are probably coinbase, bitgo, and Anchorage. So primetrust a much smaller player than any of those. Obviously. There's also fidelity and Nasdaq and all these other folks who are launching custodians, but prime trust was always there. So Bitgo was going to acquire them and they sort of pulled the binance a little bit. They said, oh, we're interested in acquiring. We sent them an Loi, they kicked the tires and they said oh my God, nevermind, we're not acquiring these guys. And that caused anybody who had money at Primetrust to be very sad. Now, I'm not totally clear who has money at Prime Trust because everybody seems to claim they don't have. So I think it was rumored that TrueuSD had money at prime trust, but then theyve disclaimed having any money at prime Trust, except now theyve seen they have $26,000 at Primetrust, which is basically nothing. So just today the Nevada financial regulator basically said that prime trust should be put into custodianship, and its now reported exactly what went wrong at Primetrust. We have a window into how this custodian ended up collapsing. Basically they ended up at one point. So initially they had their own crypto wallets that they were managing on behalf of customers. They ended up moving over to fireblocks and having fireblocks manage all their wallets, except they had this concept of legacy wallets, which were basically their old wallet system, I guess. And for some reason fireblocks didn't have certain flexibility they wanted. And so they were creating throughout 2022 some of these old legacy wallets using their old system. But it turned out these legacy wallets were not being persisted or something. And so they essentially were creating these wallets on their own interfaces, but they did not actually have the private keys to these wallets. And so they were telling people, yes, we created a new wallet for you, and your bitcoin is over here, according to our internal ledger. But they did not have any of the crypto. And so when they realized this, they were like, oh shit, we don't have the money that we keep telling our customers we have. Let's go use our cash deposits, which are being given to us by customers who are depositing fiat in their custodian, and let's use that to buy the crypto that we don't have to give people withdrawals and keep the party going. This looks like just a total complete circus. They're down. So their liabilities, they have about $85 million in crypto liabilities and about $70 million in. Sorry, I'm getting this money. What's the cash liabilities?
Speaker D: The other way around, it's $85 million in cash liabilities and 69 mil in crypto liabilities. But the crypto is almost one to one, and it's almost all audius tokens, audio. The rest is some bitcoin and stuff like that. But, yeah, they only have 3 million cash, and so they're, like, 82 mil short, and so, yeah, it's like, where did the money go? Maybe it was all lost and sort of trying to buy back the crypto that they lost. But, yeah, also, I mean, they're custodians, so they should have insurance. So, like, I. The whole thing seems very goofy to me.
Speaker C: I would be amazed if insurance pays out for something this retard, like, this stupid. I cannot imagine how an insurance just be like, yeah, sure. That seems like that falls within the bounds of your insurance policy.
Speaker B: I mean, did. Actually. This is a good question, though, because I thought insurance was actually still hard to get for a lot of custodians.
Speaker C: I'm sure. I'm sure. So. I'm sure. Also, their deposits are, like.
Speaker B: They have, like, maybe they just, like, went way over their captain and they. They're not now not covered because they went over their. Their total.
Speaker C: I mean, I also think they don't cover fraud. Right. This is fraud, basically, right? They are. They are.
Speaker B: But it wasn't fraud when they just lost it. That was, like, business practice insurance. I don't know, but, like, when they. When they. When they fucked up the key management themselves, that wasn't fraud. That was, like, incompetence.
Speaker E: But, like, that was an accident.
Speaker C: At the moment, you realize it. You tell your customers, and you're like, yo, we don't have the money. We don't have crypto. Yeah, we threw your. We threw your crypto in the trash can, but we'll buy some. Like, buy some for you. That, at that moment. Yes. That could have been the fraud claim could have been averted at that point. But when you keep the show running, when you realize and you start buying crypto with your cash that belongs to customers, this is a custodian. This is not their money. This is not, like, an exchange where it's all basically an omnibus account and who knows, really, what the bankruptcy rules are for a custodian. The rules are very simple. For a custodian. It is not your money. It is the client's money, period, full stop. This thing is taking their money and using it to buy crypto as theft.
Speaker B: It.
Speaker E: Yeah, it's trading your customers assets without their awareness of it to try to make it all back. I mean, that's just crazy.
Speaker B: Well, to be.
Speaker C: To be fair, under what theory of.
Speaker B: All of the 2022 stuff was that?
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker C: To be clear. So, like, at least FTX, there was, like, some theory of how you made the money back, right? FTX at least was like, oh, I'm going to go long my shit coins, and, like, I'm going to trade it. I'm going to do these brilliant yield farming techniques with these guys. I'm like, why would you. Why would you do this? Why would you not? Why would you think, like, this isn't going to immediately blow up in your face when you just have 3 million in cash versus 85 million in liabilities. Now, to be clear, these are all relatively small numbers. In absolute terms, this is a small custodian. So we can kind of point and say, ha, these guys are idiots. And audio. So their crypto liabilities, you know, the 70 million in crypto liabilities, obviously, a lot of it's already been drained because people heard all the instability, and so they were pulling their money out. So this might be a pittance compared to what they. What they previously were. Custody, I don't know. But the. The crypto tokens, um, as. As Tom mentioned, 61.5 million out of the 69 million in liabilities are audius tokens. It's like something like 30% of the audience supply, which means that the non audience crypto is like $8 million of, like, bitcoin and ether or something. So this is like, a very. This is very small amounts of money that these guys were holding.
Speaker B: But also, I think the true USD thing was kind of a little bit weird also. Right? Because true USD is one of the. They were kept a large portion of the true USD supply at primetrace.
Speaker D: So, yeah, I don't know what's happening with true USD because, like, I think some of these rumors around insolvency came out, like, a week ago, and then there was a big true USD short, but then finance is also, like, incentivizing true USD, like, not charging fees on the pair. So I don't know what is actually happening.
Speaker B: It wasn't all at Param Trust. So I think that's basically what people are.
Speaker C: Basically, yeah, I think they claimed they took their money out at some point quite a bit. Quite a bit ago, before even any of this recent instability, they took their money out. Then they said after prime trust went under, that they had $26,000 at prime trust, which is, again, like a rounding error for true USD. So, yeah, all in all, kind of a clown show. So now the Nevada regulator is saying, okay, let's put this thing under receivership and shut it down. Why is this still operating? I don't know. But again, this is such a small custodian in absolute terms. The big custodians are probably 100 times bigger than these guys, at least at this point. I don't know what they were at their peak, but just goes to show the importance of diligence and also the important thing of just knowing what youre knowing, the competence of your business leaders. This is one of the things people don't give enough credit to for Coinbase. Coinbase has been around for how long has it been? Like nine years since Coinbase inception and they've never gotten hacked. And that is incredible. An absolutely incredible record of accustiting that amount of bitcoin, being a honey pot for that many years and never getting hacked. That is one thing I feel like people do not give enough credit to Coinbase for, is just having absolute world class OPSeC and robustness in the way they do things. That's part of the reason why they're so trusted by the industry.
Speaker E: Agreed. But the bigger issue here beyond not getting hacked, because in essence, they got hacked. I mean, they didn't get hacked. They lost the assets. But there's the assets go into the black hole and then there's the COVID up, which is the consequence of it, right? Like, if Coinbase somehow had assets go into a black hole, which it always could, right? Like, there's no guarantee that any custodian can keep all the assets completely safe at all times. If the assets go into the black hole, you're basically saying you would trust them not to cover it up and lie about it and fraud it. And so the real problem here that I see with prime trust is not it. It's hard to safeguard assets. Because it's extraordinarily hard to safeguard assets. Right? Even as a custodian, it's how they handled it, which is like the truly, like, disappointing thing. Like, it's so hard to safeguard assets. It's hard for individuals, it's hard for businesses, it's hard for custodians whose job it is. Like, it's just hard. Right? It's hard for exchanges. How many exchanges have lost assets? Mount Gox lost assets. Right. Quadriga probably lost assets. There's so many instances of people losing crypto assets because keeping them safe is extraordinarily complicated. And from there, it separates into the good guys who own up to it and the bad guys who cover it up and dig themselves deeper, trying to bake it all back somehow.
Speaker C: Well, I agree with you. Obviously, the thing that needs to be condemned is that they were hiding it and covering it up and trying to run this kind of ponzi like structure. Like this is almost literally a Ponzi scheme where they're taking deposits from new people and using it to pay out folks who had their crypto black holes. The thing, though, that, like, the core root of it is that these guys had no business custody in crypto. If they could not figure out how to make sure that when you send the money that there's a private key associated with the address receiving it.
Speaker B: By the way, this has happened once before also.
Speaker C: Not even the 101.
Speaker B: I don't know if you remember, there was this, like, stake hound thing, which was like an early eats staker, right.
Speaker E: Which also got locked out of their fine block.
Speaker B: BlS key shares are much harder than private key, but if you're going to be doing them, then know what a BLS know how the fuck a pairing works.
Speaker C: Do not. There's no way this has anything to do with.
Speaker B: No, no, but you have to understand how to maintain them. Make sure you understand which share to keep, which one to dispose of, which one is trusted. Setup. Like, if you fucking can't understand what a pairing is like, you should not be managing key money using it.
Speaker C: Yeah, no, that's right. And look, I mean, ultimately, they kind of made the right choice in moving to fireblocks and saying, okay, we're going to outsource the technology part of the custody to fireblocks, which is, wow, great move. But then they second guess themselves. They're like, oh, wait, no, we need this other feature. Who knows what it was? And that caused them to just completely screw over all their customers and themselves now.
Speaker E: So, anyway, my takeaway from this is I always go back to first principles. This is, yet again, one of the reasons why Defi has the long term advantageous. Because if a DeFi protocol somehow black hole assets, everybody would know right away, and there would be no ability to cover it up. There would be no fraud. Next steps. There's radical transparency, and this would not happen with a smart contract.
Speaker C: That is true, but, okay, there's another conversation to be had here about self custody, right? And that custody is hard. That's part of the reason why people want to outsource their custody to fireblocks or to coinbase or to whatever.
Speaker E: It's extremely hard. That's why I gave all my crypto to Tarun. And he keeps the private keys. It's still safe, right, Tarun?
Speaker B: You're not supposed to ever answer that.
Speaker C: That's the beauty of trusted third parties. They solve all.
Speaker B: No, I mean, I do think, I hope that stuff like this forces people who are aiming to be custodians to nothing to actually understand how cryptography works. I feel like the problem is there are a lot of people who are like, oh, this is going to be just like running a random software company, or like, oh, this is going to be running like, a trading desk. I don't have to think that hard about the cryptography stuff, isn't it? Just call this library and hit encrypt and decrypt and it works. And I don't have to think about what other fucking files it's generating, how I generate the entropy. Dot, dot, dot, dot, dot. I think there's a lot of people who are very overeager and think they already know that stuff without realizing they don't. Which I think was also kind of true in the FTX case, too. In some ways.
Speaker D: I feel like it's been a while since we've actually had a large amount of crypto get black holed. The parity wallet stuff was the last thing that comes to mind. But beyond that, it's usually almost always hacks. Somebody's stealing it. Very rarely does it actually get stuck somewhere because someone lost access or lost a private key or something.
Speaker C: Wasn't there. Wintermu, didn't they do something?
Speaker E: Oh, with the multisig.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker E: No, that was. Someone else was able to get their address and take the money.
Speaker D: Yeah, they, like, deployed the gnosisafe to optimism to the address that they should have deployed to and on the main net. And so, yeah, sneaky.
Speaker C: Okay. All right, all right.
Speaker B: Anyway, but wait, wait, wait. It was. But the thing, to Robert's point earlier, that wintermute thing was observed almost immediately by tons of people. Right? Like, it was not like you found out a year later this prime trust thing's been going on for a while. Right? It wasn't like two weeks ago they started doing that.
Speaker C: Yeah, this was, this was last year, 2022, that they were doing this.
Speaker E: Listen, every Ponzi scheme starts with someone, like, losing a little money and being like, oh, I'll make it back before anyone finds out. That's like, Bernie Madoff. Every.
Speaker B: It's like, half the hilarious thing to me was, like, the. In 2021, when people were overly bull, anytime there'd be a tiny market downturn, people would say, the make it back in one trade meme. And, like, I sort of think they really, like, I thought it was a joke, and then now I've come to realize two years later that all these people took that shit seriously.
Speaker C: A lot of people did not get the joke.
Speaker B: I thought it was a joke I like, can't believe.
Speaker C: Yeah, no, but here's the other thing, too. To ruin your earlier point about custodians should be scared of this industry, because it's hard. And getting one little thing wrong can mean basically the end of your business or loss of massive amounts of customer funds. It's one of the reasons why, when we started on the investing side, basically looking at custodians, because there were, of course, a lot of custodians back in the day that you could conceivably custard your digital asset side. And now they're even more. The number one thing is just how strong is your tech team? How strong is your paranoia? How strong is your opsec? And that's one of the things that despite the fact that there are all these great stalwart financial firms that are now getting into crypto custody for us, one of the reasons why we default to the coinbases and the anchorages of the world is that they've been doing this for so long and they take it so seriously. Like, for them, it is absolute, you know, of prime importance to never underestimate the task that's in front of you, which is keeping your crypto safe, not messing it up yourself, and not getting hacked. And it's so easy get it wrong once.
Speaker B: This is also why I'm quite negative on some of the traditional finance custodians doing it themselves. I think they're going to end up just buying someone because they, like, are not going to be able to. They all seem so overly optimistic of like, oh, we're just going to hire like, five people and do it. And my always like, good luck. But the one thing that's funny about it is none of this stuff is very static. If you look at the choice of public keys, even through the ethereum merge, understanding the changes to the curves, whether you should be expecting the same public key or not, whether you should be expecting the signatures to look the same, all of that stuff in this space changes much faster. You know, like in web, in web two land, and definitely in finance land, everyone always tells you the following adage, which is like, never roll your own cryptography. Never make your own cryptography. Like, just use some other library. And cryptocurrency is the only space where actually every fucking chain is writing its own new thing, because they were actually implementing some new cryptography that had never been used before. And if you, the user, aren't cognizant of that in and of itself when you're doing it, you're just going to completely fuck up. And like, I think, like somehow trad five people have this, like, we already know this, we're so smart attitude towards this. And I don't think they appreciate like the nuances in these systems from a math standpoint, from a CS standpoint, from a engineering server. There's like so many layers to it. It's not just like press encrypt and decrypt in the library, which I don't know. Sorry for my little bully pulpit.
Speaker C: But Tom, you were going to add something.
Speaker D: Yeah, I was going to say, I think obviously having a great tech team is important and all is equal better than not. But I think independent of that, I would actually much rather take a team with an insurance policy from Lloyds over a team that has a great tech team but no insurance any day. There is something to just falling back and having some sort of, sort of recourse because it is sort of the.
Speaker C: Nobody'S insuring custodians for like the entire assets.
Speaker E: No, not yet. Probably not even for like 20 years. Not until like, the science of keeping the assets there is like.
Speaker B: But this gets to my point of like, I don't think we've, this industry is not like stationary cryptography, right? Like every single time there's like some new signature scheme, there's some new encryption scheme, and that's most of the advances in this space that are not found anywhere else. Is that so? Because of that, it's like, I don't think we're anywhere near some crystallization point except for bitcoin keys. Bitcoin basically is not changing.
Speaker C: It's plausible that if you have a mega player like a fidelity, that they could potentially self insure and basically say, look, if you want an insurance policy, you pay extra, we'll use the rest of our balance sheet to ensure your deposit. That seems plausible to me. And maybe that is a structural advantage that somebody like fidelity could lord over a coinbase or an anchorage or a bit go. But right now, I mean, for those of you who are not in the industry and don't realize this, it is almost impossible to get insurance in crypto. Underwriters just do not know how to underwrite crypto. They don't know what the risks are. There's too little history. The blowups are big and dramatic, but then a lot of things are just fine for a very long time. It's very difficult to underwrite the space. So anybody, ask anybody who's in crypto trying to get insurance, mostly you're just going to get the door slammed in your face, or you're going to get crazy, crazy premiums, which for a startup just don't make sense that you can't be paying half your Runway in insurance premiums. It doesn't make any sense. That will someday change. I don't know if it's ten years, five years, 20 years. I hope it's not the longer side of that, but the trad five players who are very big and have different diversified businesses, I could see them gaining an edge there in basically saying, look, we're going to self insure. But, yeah, Lloyd's is not going to be insuring a custodian anytime soon. Okay, let's move on. It was a little light on news this week, so we thought we'd check in with a little bit of a different angle and do kind of a broader examination of the state of crypto. We want to talk about layer twos because there's a lot of conversation going on right now about layer two is one of the most dynamic areas within the broader crypto smart contracts ecosystem. So we wanted to talk a little bit about the state of the market and some of the interesting things that are going on in the layer two world. I'll start with a little bit of exposition, and then we'll just kick off a broader discussion. So l two s. For those of you who are not aware of what an l two is, an l two, short for layer two. A layer two is basically anything that roots its trust in the layer one, but creates another layer of blockchain block space that you can interact on that's not directly on the layer one itself. So the way that I like to analogize it is that a layer two is kind of like a skyscraper that creates more real estate on top of the underlying city. So in the case of layer twos, mostly today we're talking about roll ups, although lightning on bitcoin is growing quite a bit, actually. There's a lot of news about that, but let's mostly focus on rollups. So roll ups there are today, call it four main players. There's more now, but we'll say that the big ones today are there's arbitrum, which is the leader most TVL. I think they've got 5 billion plus. They've got a lot of daily actives. So arbitrum, huge player. Then there's optimism. Both of those are optimistic rollups then we've got Zksync, which is newly on the rise or growing very quickly, which is a ZK roll up. And then there's Starkware, which is not EVM compatible. Unlike the other three, they have their own totally separate language and ecosystem. So there's a few things that are going on right now, and the first topic of discussion be about layer threes. So layer threes have kind of become this meme that's become increasingly popular. Everyone's announcing their new layer three. Arbitrum has orbit chains. Zika sync has hyperchains, Starkx, they have validiums, which they've been kind of advertising for a while, and there are some of them, obviously already out there. And then optimism, they have. What does optimism call their layer threes? Is it hyperchains as well?
Speaker B: Super chain.
Speaker C: Super chain, super chain, super chain. Sorry, I forget the prefixes.
Speaker B: No, no, no. But the reason that you might is that one of the newest super chain entities used to call everything they built hyper structures. So, you know Zora.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah. So Zora recently announced that they're launching their own op stack, which is a fork of optimism, and they're building a super chain on optimism. So a layer three, simply put, my understanding. Tarun, correct me if I'm wrong, my understanding of a layer three is that basically it's a layer two on top of the layer two. So you build a skyscraper on top of the skyscraper, but there's a fast exit. So that basically, if you want to go from the super mega skyscraper on top of the other skyscraper all the way down to ground floor, you can take one elevator and go all the way down.
Speaker B: The skyscraper analogy, I feel like, doesn't quite recurse as well.
Speaker C: I thought it was actually recursive.
Speaker B: How many times have you seen someone build a skyscraper on a skyscraper other than that failed hotel? Yeah.
Speaker C: Go to the Middle east, you're going to see a lot of very interesting structures. Yes. So that's basically layer three. Layer three is becoming more popular, and the op stack has become kind of a meme at this point, is that lots and lots of people are now building on the op stack. One of our portfolio companies called Dara, which is like a roll up as a service company, facilitates people launching their own roll ups. Base, of course, is an op stack roll up. Zora is op stack roll up. I guess these are all going to be super chains. Now. What do you guys think of this layer three concept and the proliferation of the op stack? I should also caveat. You guys are investors. In opposition, I believe Dragonfly is not.
Speaker B: I would say, in the same way that in the 1999 tech bubble, Webvan was a good idea, but wrong timing, wrong execution. Arguably, all of this stuff actually existed in 2017 under the name of plasma, and a lot of the exit games and stuff are the same, but people didn't understand how to implement these things and where the interfaces were and which things were necessary components in the same way, hopefully. The thesis is that cell phones were necessary for these types of businesses. That didn't work in 1999 when no one had cell phone. And now Ethereum is sufficiently strong to be this base piece, whereas it was.
Speaker C: Not, development wise, that Ethereum was sufficiently strong. Why Ethereum?
Speaker B: Well, because I mean, to use as a DA layer, to use it as the final exit layer of your assets are really stored there. You need to build all these contracts for doing that. It was very hard to do that in 2017, bordering on impossible. And I think a bunch of different other things in ethereum ecosystem, developer ecosystem wise, have made it a lot easier. Whereas in 2017 you could see the idea, but the idea of implementing it was impossible, which is why you saw the Amisa goes over the world, try and fail and stuff like that. There are so many people who try.
Speaker C: And characterize it differently. I would characterize it differently. So I think in 2017. So this plasma, for those of you who don't know, those of you who came in in the last three years, probably never even heard this term. So plasma was kind of the predecessor of all the layer twos that have taken place. You know, the optimistic roll ups and all the roll up stuff. Plasma was basically a very primitive version of a roll up that had a lot of problems around data availability. Basically, they didn't really have an answer for data availability, and they didn't have good solutions for general computation. So a lot of the initial ideas around plasmas were that you could transfer Utxos on plasmas, and then the exits were a gigantic nightmare. But as a user, you had to track your own Utxo and then manually exit it. And it was a whole thing that was very unrealistic for users to be able to manage all this. So Misa go was one example. There was loom, if you remember. I think George Os used to be at loom, and that's how he first became Mister George Os. Mister Lair too, is from all his work there. So there were some folks that were really trying to launch these plasmas, but they weren't really working. And I think the biggest thing that was holding plasmas back is that there wasn't really a good answer for general computation. So you couldn't do a turn complete or do EVM. Right. And that's ultimately what we've seen is now massive, massive product market fit is EVM. If you cannot do EVM, you're just not going to get use. Right. People do not want to build. I mean, there are obviously some kind of application specific blockchains like DyDX and so on, that do have some traction. But for the most part, the vast majority of block space is EVM block space. That's what most people care about.
Speaker B: Majority of used block space. There's a lot of not used block space. There's a lot of empty blocks in some places.
Speaker C: That's true. Yeah. So the majority demand for block spaces, for EDM block space. So I think the, so all of this, I think the reason why this happened, one was that we needed to actually develop the ideas behind rollups, which took a while. There were a lot of false starts, optimism. They started with the OVM, which was a shim between EVM and their own internal representation or whatever, and then they abandoned that. They scrapped the whole thing and then just did what Arbitram was doing with the direct EVM compatibility. So long story short, has been just be EVM compatible. That's number one rule. And then the second thing also is that optimism is still not really done. Right. The op stack doesn't have fraud proofs, and almost all the roll ups are still highly guarded. They're protected by multisigs. The upgrade process right now is still not being done through decentralized governance. Arbitrum does have fraud proofs, but the fraud proofs, they are white listed, so only certain parties can actually submit the fraud proofs. So the reality is that for op stack in particular, for base, Zora, whatever, these things are not even really roll ups because there's no fraud proofs. You are not getting the guarantees from Ethereum without any fraud proofs. Right now. It's just basically sidechain that spits out data availability on some other layer. So the point I'm making is that I think it really is about R and D. I don't think it's about Ethereum.
Speaker B: No, no. But they were sort of coupled, right? Like Ethereum's roadmap at that time with trying to do what? Like sort of full sharding, like I guess some people, like Nier did, right. Like, was just very different in the sense, like some of the design decisions being made were made for that use case, whereas like right now it's like very clear, okay, we need to like make storage blobs cheaper, we need to like do all this stuff to make roll ups better. Right. But a lot of that just came. I agree it's R and D, but the R and D actually was initially all at the base layer and getting and then that.
Speaker C: But what has Ethereum even done that facilitated roll ups in the last three years?
Speaker B: I mean, making developer tools so you can do the verification contracts. Like there's like lots of little tiny things that are annoying that like I would say that like 2018, 2019, you could not implement, right? 2019, 2018, you could implement USoPP, you could implement compound took a lot of work, you had contract limit sizes, you couldn't, like, you had to do all this stuff. And the logic for a lot of the l two stuff is actually quite complicated comparatively. I'm just saying I think that there was quite a bit of ethereum core development needed and a focus not on sharding at the base protocol and a focus on this kind of almost like distributed sort of form of that. Yeah. Again, I agree with you that it remains to be seen that if we get how do you deal with fraud proofs, how do you deal with data availability, data availability for, I guess the listeners who don't understand, I know we tossed that term around three times, is the idea that the base chain where your assets are on is the one that's really providing the data for these other chains. You're posting the data both to the base layer and to the other chain, such that if you wanted to exit or there was some type of fraud, which is what a fraud proof or fault proof shows you, then that way the layer one can say, okay, well you can exit, you can take your assets out. Something wasn't working there. So your assets are still tethered to the main initial chain. A lot of the earlier designs to Haseebs earlier point were focused just on doing payments. Like bitcoins lightning network is just payments and doesnt really have contract functionality or putting conditions or covenants on things. But I think the idea of having tightly coupled shards over each an application versus this, you can add your own and you only have to, in the average case you don't have to interact with the expensive layer one very often. There are a lot of things that needed to go right to get to this point. But I think the question to me is what's the level of interoperability between these chains? Because in cosmos you do technically already have the interoperability you just have zero demand for block space, basically. And the question here is there seems to be some demand, like, I guess, base. And arbitrum obviously has some of the most highest organic demand. Optimism has a lot of demand from sort of incentivized demand. So the real question, I guess, is how much do these things need to talk to each other? And if there's 20 of them, are they really going to be all 20 used, or is it still going to concentrate to the ones that have the most liquidity user apps?
Speaker E: Well, I think it goes to the ones with the most liquidity and user apps and reason to be there. Why wouldn't it? Like, what else is going to, for.
Speaker B: Sure, but we kind of have this, like, boom right now, right? And people who are like, I'm going to build my own app chain, but now it's called a x roll up. Like op stack roll up, arbitrage roll up.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think that is a lot of it, frankly, is people want their own chain. But like, normally, if you're rolling your own cosmos chain, you can make an argument around, oh, well, here's all the reasons why this chain is going to be optimized or tailored to my specific use case, or these validators going to be perfect for my specific thing. I struggle with that a little bit more with rollups. I don't even know how much customization we've seen amongst some of the op stack deployments that have come out so far. It just seems like there's less customizability. It's why this thing versus just doing it on the main l two.
Speaker C: One other element of this that I think is interesting to talk about is polygon. So polygon, they kind of sit in this weird no man's land where they're in l one. But they also have other products underneath the same product suite. So you've got Zkevm, which is. There's Zkevm, which was built by Jordy Bailina, and they recently announced that they're going to be transitioning the polygon mainnet, which is ostensibly a letter one, into being a Zkevm. Validium. Validium. Basically, it's basically a ZK roll up that has the data availability totally off chain in some other place. The bridge is on Ethereum, but the data availability is somewhere else. It's cheaper to run a validium than to run a kind of full ZK rollup. And the interesting thing, so there was Sandeep, the founder of Polygon, was just complaining that people treat them like the ugly stepchild of the Ethereum community. In that no matter what they do, the Ethereum community always finds some way to poke a hole in it or to tell them that they're not real, they're not really decentralized, they're not really alert to, they're not really whatever. How do you guys see what Polygon is doing and how it fits into the layer two story? Because they're definitely one thing that's very, very clear is that they're not Ethereum. Cool kids. They're not the anointed. They're not blessed by Vitalik and all these other folks. How do you contextualize that into everything that's happening in the blockchain world?
Speaker E: I don't think you have to be anointed. I don't think you have to have like some social proof. You just have to have a reason for something to exist. Right? And I think it goes the other way, where if there's a reason for something to exist, some roll up, some app change, some whatever, then later people will say, oh, it's here for a good reason, it's anointed. Or like blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Like I would say to any builders out there, you know, screw what people on Twitter say, if it needs to exist, it should exist.
Speaker C: Yes, that is true to an extent. But the roll ups on Ethereum are unlike a lot of other technology races in that they are very, very political. Particularly in Ethereum, roll ups are super political. And I think part of the reason why rollups are so political is that it is deeply tied with the long term roadmap of Ethereum.
Speaker B: The sharding to roll up transition was a big deal.
Speaker C: Exactly. Exactly. The original story was that Ethereum was going to transition to a bunch of shards, a bunch of little baby ethereums. They would all talk to each other. That was the big vision of how to scale Ethereum. And then they gave that up because they basically said, look, doing a bunch of roll ups is going to be easier. You guys will be able to move much faster than we, as Ethereum can. So let's just embrace the roll up vision that instead of 1000 baby ethereums, there's going to be a thousand baby roll ups on top of 1000 ethereums. And we'll just be like the substrate on which all these skyscrapers will get built. Okay. In that vision of the world, it really matters. It really matters who Ethereum embraces as being like, yes, we will support you. We will make the opcodes that you ask for cheaper. We will convene our blob storage around your particular ideas. We will tell people there are a lot of things that are not so subtle above the way in which Ethereum is influencing the outcome of the roll.
Speaker E: Up wars, but the op codes that they've rolled out benefit everybody.
Speaker B: No, no, no. You're really talking about two kind of separate things. The EIP process for making changes to theorem is extremely politically motivated, politically generated. But arguably, arbitrum's organic kind of very natural success comes from the fact that they just like built the most reliable roll up first, right? Like arbitrary.
Speaker C: Totally, totally. Which shows, also shows the chasm that they had to overcome. Right? Like Optimus, they were so far ahead of.
Speaker B: My point is like, technical. Technical sophistication can like get you past these political. That's kind of the beauty of crypto, right? It's like you built this thing that like, was better for oracles, and so then the purpose protocols are better, so then they get brought there and like, that was like completely unrelated theorem politics. That was completely.
Speaker C: What you're acknowledging, Tarun, what you're acknowledging when you say that is that optimism was the one that was preferred by the Ethereum.
Speaker B: But I'm saying in spite of that, it didn't change the outcome. The outcome was like, you built the best thing, right? Like whoever built the thing that found the users.
Speaker C: Imagine, imagine if the, imagine if the Ethereum foundation was like, actually arbitrum is better, and we love arbitrum, and we're going to like pose with them for photo ops. We're going to tell everybody that arbitrum is the way that Ethereum is going to scale. And Vitalik mentioned arbitrum in every single blog post. Our optimism would have no oxygen. They would not be able to breathe from how dominant.
Speaker B: If they need some technical advance. That was really good for applications that had users, like in the case of arbitrum making it, having all these features such that perps were actually much more reliable there than the perpetual futures defi protocols, were more robust than they were on optimism, then if the opposite thing happened, I still think the same outcome happens because people who are the developers who are building these apps are just looking for particular properties. It's like, why do I choose AWS or GCP as my Amazon Web services or Google Cloud for my cloud hosting? It's like, oh, maybe they have some particular feature or they have a particular type of gpu and it's reliable and I can get it true.
Speaker C: What exactly is that difference between arbitrary optimism?
Speaker B: Well, I think the optimism bedrock upgrade kind of fixes a lot of the things that people complained about. But the block time reliability wasn't as good. The latency reliability, the way the message passing to the end user was for me to use these stuff was just better. I think it was the learning path of going from OVM to different things. My point is there's a sense in which arbitram did really get a lot of these engineering decisions at the time that there were these applications that really needed them and had this amazing organic growth story. They really did have organic non incentivized via tokens growth and that built up their ecosystem. My point is I think the roll up wars there is some real politic, no doubt. I. Right, there's. It certainly shows up. But I do think your technical capabilities are the most important thing eventually. Right. Like if you find you make the technical capabilities that are exactly what the developers at that time were demanding, it's, it's just, it's going to be hard to compete with that now. I think your point about polygon is polygon was sort of started as early and they were effectively their own l one that happened to be an EVM. Right. And then like now they're kind of backing into it. So it's just a different gestation story, right. Like they didn't start purely on the mothership. They kind of started with this thing that use a little bit of substrate and a little bit of like, you know, like they have like their code base also doesn't look like we are purely in eth, you know, like. And, well I forget what that law is. That's like how your code base looks reflects the communication pattern at your company. There's like, there's like a, you know, and like I feel like that's actually true in blockchains. It's true in rollups too is like how your code base looks is a reflection of your contributors community and the applications that want to build on you. And you should strive for that to look like the thing you want, you know, and I think that that will be the ultimate determinant. Anyway, I'm done ranting.
Speaker C: Tom, you were to say something.
Speaker D: Well, I think Matic started out as a sidechain. They've always been close to the ethereum ecosystem and they've been trying to figure out there was not an answer for years as to how you actually go about building a real business and company like this. And the answer for a while was just Jerry rig this thing and make something that looks like what people want. And it's like, yeah, if you don't do that and you try to have some sort of purity test, you probably just die. Because it's straight up not functional or not even possible to do what you're trying to do. It's like navigating this weird balance of trying to find something that has immediate tmF, but also trying to build for this long term path. It's not, I think, as simple as just building towards some pure R and D vision. I hope that it works.
Speaker C: Several years down the line, PMF being product market fed, I really like that point, Tom, and I totally agree with it, is that in a way, being able to just build tech that nobody wants and nobody uses and just hang around and wait for the world to change is basically a privilege that can be afforded to you in an environment that's awash with capital Polygon. The one thing that I will give them a lot of credit for, they came from India. Obviously, the entire team is indian, and a lot of their usage is outside of the first world. That's where the stronghold is. Non first world users, they had to scrimp and scrape for everything that they got, and I have a huge amount of respect for that. It doesn't appeal very much to the ethereum intelligentsia because it's not this pristine. Wait, why didn't you start as a roll up and immediately blah, blah, blah, blah. And look, we tried to build the things that people wanted. You guys are building the things that each other said that each other should want, and nobody was using any of your shit two or three years ago. We were building the things that people actually wanted. People wanted block space. They wanted to have, I don't know, whatever. All the stuff that Polygon has launched, they obviously have a large product suite. And you guys said you wanted web two traditional companies and brands to partner and do stuff in web three. Well, okay, we're doing that. That's exactly what we're doing. That hustle is what I really respect about Polygon. But it is certainly true that the, they don't have this pristine evolutionary origin story the way that so many people in the western technology world would very much prefer them to. Okay, last thing I want to talk about on the tarun, you mentioned Mev, with respect to what was going on, with optimism versus arbitrum, one of the things we've been seeing a lot of, just as VC's getting a lot of pitches about sequencers, shared sequencers. So, okay, what the hell is a shared sequencer? So let me see if I can come up with a. Okay, I'm going to use a skyscraper analogy for this. So when you're running a layer two, there is some entity that is basically deciding the ordering of all the transactions in the layer two. And they're doing the work of processing stuff. They're the cpu of that mini blockchain. You can sort of think of this as the leasing office of the skyscraper. You need somebody in there who's doing the work of allocating all the rooms or whatever. A shared sequencer is this idea that you can have multiple skyscrapers that are controlled by the same leasing office. The advantage of this, there are a few advantages of this, but one of the nice advantages of this is that you can basically do a deal, do a transfer across your transaction, a bridge or some kind of cross roll up mev. So basically, I want to do this and that across these two blockchains. And if both of them cannot be done, I want to cancel the transaction out. Right. So you can get some, like, atomic guarantees across multiple blockchains or multiple roll ups. You can do that through one leasing office. Right. You can be like, I want this room in this skyscraper and this room in this skyscraper, but if I can't get both, I don't want either of them. That can only be done if you have one party to negotiate with. So these are these sort of shared sequencers. These are becoming a new hot thing. There's also decentralized sequencers, which is the story for all these guys, that not only are these sequencers going to be shared across multiple roll ups, but also they're going to be decentralized in some way. Today, they're all pretty much centralized. How do you guys think about decentralized sequencers? Is this an interesting thing to invest in? Do we think it's going to be big? Do we think that only small roll ups are going to have shared sequencers, or is this going to be the new future? I'm sure, Tarun, you have very strong opinions. I can see you smiling.
Speaker B: Um, I think the funny thing that we learned is, like, a lot of companies we invested in last year started saying they were doing different things, and then all of a sudden converged on, hey, we're all gonna do shared sequencers, which I thought was, like, funny. If you, when you see, like, the market pivot into something, there's some sort of at least idea level demand for it. I think it's very hard to get right. Your goal is to be as lightweight as possible without just making another blockchain that's intermediating between all these chains. But yeah, the dream is that one of the most beautiful things in crypto, and especially in Defi, that you don't really have in normal finance at all, is this concept of a flash loan where you can borrow capital and your loan only exists if your activity or arbitrage or whatever your function is able to return profitably. Then the loan happens. And it's sort of a way of guaranteeing atomicity, guaranteeing execution in a particular order of a sequence of transactions. But it's also a way of doing sort of like risk free lending, because it really is risk free. It only executes if it. If these things, conditions, covenants, work and are profitable. And obviously, as the blockchain ecosystem got much more complicated post 2020, people always want ways to do the same thing. They would like some guarantees of that form. And there's always sort of this inherent problem where like, if you have two machines that are independent, they don't quite have to respect one another. And you could kind of think of, if you think of these chains as nations, the idea of the bridges or bridges are when you go at the airport and they check your passport and they're like, nope, we're denying you. There's sort of the sense of like, you're moving between regions that are different. They have different rules, and maybe in that new region, your assets will have different kind of covenants, or lack thereof. Added to the goal of the shared sequencer is somehow to pick some subset of things that are free trade agreements. At least that's how I like to think of them. It's like guaranteeing atomicity or these two different regions is a little bit like NAFTA. It's like we agree that these two things.
Speaker C: And I think, okay, I like the leasing office better, but I'll take NAFTA.
Speaker B: I just think the fair trade versus not fair.
Speaker C: These are very Tarun esque.
Speaker B: Fair trade versus not fair trade. Trade is like the bridges have to handle all possible things, handle all the tariffs. Fair trade is like, whatever we guarantee you, this will always go across. And so I think there's a sense in which that's sort of where it's hard. It does have the same, it has some of the same problems of like, how do you remunerate the shared sequencer for doing this action, of making it feel like a fair trade zone? And how do you make it so that it's easy to verify on both sides of. But yeah, there's clearly a ton of interest in this. I think there's also a lot of debate over this. I think people in the land where people don't want things to be asynchronous, like Solana, they sort of view the shared sequencer as like, well, aren't you just going back to what we're doing? Because you're guaranteeing these atomicity guarantees that we always guarantee, because everyone's on the same chain and there's no separation of church and state. On the other hand, you have people in Ethereum who are like, hey, we're a bunch of op stack roll ups. We're likely sharing a lot of assets on Ethereum that are being used in our chains. Can we make some extra guarantees on both sides? And that's this fair, free trade agreement type of thing.
Speaker C: The first thought that I have about shared sequencers is that so? One, it feels to me like, I mean, it's interesting, but it feels a little bit bike shitty. Like, it feels like this is, the amount of interest and attention and energy going into this problem feels a little bit overweight to its actual importance to user experience of these things. Like, the reality is optimism stack does not have fraud proofs, right? That seems like a really big problem. Um, but so much, so much brainpower is being expended on how to create shared sequencers. It feels a little bit, um, like a kind of misdirection of just because it's intellectually interesting. Um, the other side of it, of course, is that like the, the problem with shared sequencers is also the kind of the noisy neighbor problem, which is that if you are an arbitrum or you are, you know, kind of optimism. Mainnet. Um, you're, you got a lot of shit going on. You're very full, right? You don't necessarily want to be adjoin at the hip to 20 other roll ups that are also going to be sending their transactions to the same sequencer. That's, you've got the passport stamping office. If you have 20 security lines going to the same passport office, it's just going to be more of a shit show and you're going to have latency problems, congestion problems. All that sort of stuff is just going to wear down on you. The biggest roll ups I have to imagine are going to be fairly selective in who they allow to share sequencing with them. And then these folks who are going to be on shared sequencers are going to be folks who are like, well, I really want to be on a shared sequencer with arbitrum because that's kind of you know, that's where all the action is. But arbitrum doesn't want me to be sharing their sequencer. And so there is kind of a little bit of like, you know, people want to be part of a club, but the clubs are going to be invited to are not the clubs they want to be a part of.
Speaker B: I think, though, if you have any desire to decentralize the execution, you effectively have. You kind of have to have this kind of sense in which anyone can do it.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think that's kind of the bigger point people make. I mean, that's always kind of the classic criticisms of ll two is like, haven't we kind of just gone all the way full circle, where now we have just a single computer processing all the transactions? And, like, we have one point that does go down not infrequently, and can censor transactions? And so it's like, yeah, it's not as bad as having arbitrary state writing capabilities, but there are sort of downsides to having a single sequencer. And so I think that's kind of more the angle that I guess, I think of this coming from in terms of benefits. But to your point around performance, it feels like we're so far from being at a point where.
Speaker C: But decentralized sequencers and shared sequencers are two, like, totally orthogonal things.
Speaker B: Sure. I think one will cause the, like, I can't ban, I can't say I can't join the club problem, and then the other one will kind of be like, where mostly income is.
Speaker C: Why would ZK sync has decentralized sequencer? Why would that have any impact on the I can't join the club problem? They can still decide with decentralized governance. No, you can't join our club.
Speaker B: I mean, theoretically, the shared sequencer itself should be allowed to be joined by anyone who's a sequencer member in one. Like, if you had a decentralized sequencer, I can't give you any of the shared guarantees unless all the pools of possible sequencers is overlapping, because otherwise I'll lose some of those guarantees. So I think that's like, if you actually are decentralized, then anyone can always give these out of the guarantees. You can't. You kind of. So I'm saying the decentralized sequence, the desire to decentralize a sequencer, will cause the shared part to not be as clubby as you might think, is my guess.
Speaker C: Okay, let me understand your mental model here. So you're saying, let's say that optimism, let's say op sec. Optimism. Mainnet moves to a decentralized sequencer, not a shared sequencer. Okay, they moved to decentralized sequencer. You're saying that once they have a decentralized sequencer, then anybody will be able to say, hey, I want to add myself to the shared sequencing conduit so that I'm also being entered into the same decentralized sequencer. Why would that be the case? Why wouldn't it be the case that the plurality of the people who are sequencing for op stack would say, no, we strictly only want to have one blockchain that was sequencing, or we want to have three, or we want to have five. And we're not inviting you to that five.
Speaker B: I mean, I think if they're doing a free trade agreement with arbitrum, like, they're like share like in order to give those atomicity guarantees whenever to any application that requests it to have that like liveness for that, they effectively have to let anyone in the arbitrum sequencing pool sequence who is sequencing at that time be providing the shared guarantee on the leg, on the other leg. Right. So I think, I believe Arbtram already does have this implemented for having multiple sequencers rotating, like for epochs, fixed epochs.
Speaker C: Oh, I see. So if it's your epoch, as long as you're also on the arbitrum, like it's your epoch on arbitrum and your epoch on optimism, then in that moment that you line up on both rotations, you can be the shared sequencer.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's kind of where I kind of think if they really are going to decentralize, that the shared part ends up having to inherit that property.
Speaker C: Kind of. Okay, I see your point. Sorry, Tom, I interrupted you.
Speaker D: No, no, I was pretty much done. I think it's more like it feels like we're so far from sort of the performance required for these things to be sort of mainstream and successful to then I think consider basic performance degradation for the sake of decentralization that, yeah, I don't know, it just also feels like a thing that yes, we should get to in the roadmap, but not as critical.
Speaker B: I kind of agree that it's a little bit web fanny in that you probably need applications that are really demanding it first.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah. The amount of times I've heard the hotel and train problem as an explanation of why we need these is telling that right now this is more an intellectually interesting problem than it is like the most important thing that, well, maybe.
Speaker B: If we step back from this infrastructure kind of conversation, what are the applications that you think you're most excited about that are coming in this format. Right? Because there's a ton of them coming.
Speaker C: Out in this format being app chain roll up, wires crossing, roll up. Well, I think we've established that I am not as bullish on app change as you are. Look, I think Duidx moving to Cosmos is really interesting. I'd love to see how that plays out. I think right now, the DyDX, they have a lot of confidence that they're going to be able to pull people away from Ethereum and move into their own infrastructure. I think that'll be an interesting experiment to see how robust this app chain thesis is for a product that has really strong brand, really strong user base, really strong metrics like DoidX. What are you guys seeing? Are there things that you guys are excited about that you think are interesting? App chain opportunities that I know? I'm hearing silence.
Speaker E: Well, let's continue this one on the next shell.
Speaker C: All right, we're over it, I think. I think we're starting to flag a little bit. Okay. We're a bit over time, so we're going to call it there. But interesting times in l two land. This is a story that we'll continue checking in on as it continues to evolve. For now, that's it for this week. Thank you, everybody.
