Speaker A: Hey unchained listeners, as you know its hard keeping up with the fast paced world of crypto, so weve got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. youll get the latest crypto news in original articles from our reporters as well as summaries of other happenings in bullet points. Plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. Its still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot. Again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot.
Speaker B: I think we have a couple of takes. My favorite take this week was the fact that Nishad finally admitted to the thing that I think everyone kind of thought was true but wasn't totally 100% true, which is one of their main selling points in 2020 was that FTX has this great cross collateral risk model and you could give them any shit coin you want and you could post as margin to take 100 x leverage on each and somehow they would liquidate it correctly and like reallocate the collateral. Not a dividend, it's a tale of tuqan.
Speaker C: Now your losses are on someone else's balance sheet.
Speaker D: Generally speaking, airdrops are kind of pointless anyways.
Speaker C: I named trading firms who were very involved.
Speaker B: Alec dot ETH is the ultimate Defi.
Speaker E: Protocols are the antidote to this problem.
Speaker C: Hello everybody. Welcome to the chopping block. Every couple weeks, the four of us get together and give the industry insider's perspective on the crypto topics of the day. So quick intro. First you got Tom, the defi maven and master of memes. Next we've got Robert, the crypto connoisseur and tsar of Super State. Then we've got Tarun the Giga brain and grand poo bah at Gauntlet. And finally, I'm Haseeb, the head hype man at Dragonfly. We are early stage investors in crypto, but I want to caveat that nothing we say here is investment advice, legal advice, or even life advice. Please see choppingblock XYZ for more disclosures. All right, so we're on to week. What is this? Week three now of the SPF trial, and I'm honestly losing steam. Like, it's gotten, I think, like, the bombshells are mostly over the. I've heard so many people described as the star witness, but the prosecution, I guess they've had, like, five star witnesses so far. Basically, anybody who worked at FTX is a star witness. So just to give you the quick rundown, I don't think we're going to talk about it as much on the show because Tom was very exhausted by all the SPF talk, but we're just going to run through it real quick. For those of you who have been asleep at the wheel, uh, Caroline Ellison, the scorned lover and the CEO of Alameda research, was on the stand. She was one of the many star witnesses for the prosecution. She basically agreed that everything was bad and they defrauded people, and she was complicit in the whole thing. They played one of the recordings of Caroline getting in front of the Alameda staff and explaining to them, yes, we kind of stole the money, slash, you know, lent it from this entity, that entity, without an intention to pay it back. She also testified to making up seven different fake balance sheets that she presented to Sam to select from to decide which one to show to defraud their lenders. She also cried on the stand, which apparently was a big hit, and supposedly this was a big moment for the prosecution. Then the shot Singh, who was director of engineering, he testified about the financial chaos at FTX. He's described as the moral heart of this story in that he was somebody who was. Always had tortured feelings. He was used for political donations and some real estate purchases, but he always felt half hearted about it. He confronted Sam several times to try to get him to come clean, but that never happened. He also did engage in some lavish purchases that he eventually unwound after the whole ship capsized. And that's basically it so far. And there have been some accountants and some other stuff, but so far, honestly, if you've been following the story before now, I don't think there's anything new that we've really learned in the last week. It's just all kind of been on display. Anything you guys would add to what you've been observing so far in the trial?
Speaker E: I'll just give a quick shout out to how I consume the information about the trial. So there's a Twitter account by a journalist who's in the courtroom, inner city press, that I just read their tweet summaries of the day's events in two minutes, and it's a great way to consume all the information.
Speaker C: Hold on. There is one more journalist who's in the courtroom every day. Hopefully we should also shout out, you.
Speaker B: Don'T watch Laura's recap videos. Come on Robert.
Speaker E: I actually have not watched the videos yet. I've heard they're incredible. I'm just saying that was how I was assuming information.
Speaker D: Same Matt Russell, the guy who runs interstate. He presses a machine. You're basically reading the transcript from the courtroom. I briefly considered going myself because it is open to the public, and it's just down here in lower Manhattan. I was like, why? Not curious?
Speaker C: You got to go at least one day. You got to go at least one day.
Speaker D: I talked to a friend who tried to go, and it greatly dissuaded me because he said, got there. And first of all, if you want to wait in line, if you want to go to the main courtroom, you have to get there at, like, 06:00 a.m. cause there's a big line. Everyone else is going to, like the overflow room, and then they take your electronics, and then you're waiting in line for hours for the courtroom to open without electronics. And so it's just like, this kind of silly setup, and you're probably not even gonna make it to the main room anyway. But if anyone's interested, you can go.
Speaker C: Wait, how is he live tweeting if they take those electronics?
Speaker D: I'm guessing he's in the overflow room. I don't actually know how he was doing that.
Speaker E: Maybe press gets their own exemptions.
Speaker B: I think press is allowed to report directly because people are also, like, different journalists have been live tweeting pictures of the sketches.
Speaker E: Yeah. Not shout out to the cartoonist. I don't think they're that good.
Speaker C: You get an overlay of some of the cartoons. I feel like we need it. We need to insert that into the.
Speaker B: Robert is trying to tell you he wants Dolly to replace all of the court sketch artists.
Speaker E: Be amazing. Put a camera in the room, and let the camera use a generative AI to basically create its scene. I mean, I don't know what the rules are. And, like, why they have to actually have, like, to this day, like, you know, an illustrator instead of, like, a photo of the actual situation.
Speaker B: But it does feel like one of these types of government jobs where even if the technology was worked, the government couldn't do it without it being political suicide because they lose all these jobs. So it's a whole.
Speaker C: These jobs.
Speaker E: There's, like, five people.
Speaker C: Like, that court sketch artist is not all these jobs. I don't think that's, like, a. I.
Speaker B: Think I wouldn't be surprised if there's just, like, some collective action for people who work in the court system where they like, would be very not into this.
Speaker C: I mean, the fact, kind of romantic about it.
Speaker B: Fucking stenographer is still there, like, typing on a fucking, you know, typewriter. Give me a break. I had a friend who was a court stenographer, and all I got to tell you is that job can be done with.
Speaker C: How did you make friends with a quartz stenographer?
Speaker B: Partying. But let's. I don't know. What. What do you want me to tell you?
Speaker C: Okay. I don't know. Interesting. Okay. Was the court stenographer in crypto?
Speaker B: No, no, no, this is okay.
Speaker D: This is just.
Speaker C: Okay. Random partner.
Speaker B: He's just a guy I know in New York who is a stenographer, and I lived with him and ten other people in Mexico City, like, ten years ago for, like, a month. So ignoring this person, which I don't know why you guys are so interested in who the stenographer is, but the guy, like, he's a nice guy.
Speaker C: I'll tell you true. The reason why I would not peg you as somebody who'd make friends with a stenographer.
Speaker B: I'd make friends with anyone. That's the difference between you.
Speaker C: I believe you. I believe you. But, like, in the sort of the vector space of people, like, that is the inverse of you as a court stenographer.
Speaker B: Nah, court stenographers like to go see eastern european minimal techno just as much as I do. I would basically say, like, I talked with him a lot about, like, aren't you ever worried that your job will be replaced? Because it's so fucking easy to replace it? Like, I could just put a microphone at the courtroom, right? We have amazing transcription services now. And he was like, no, no, no, they can't do it. The government just, like, can't get rid of these jobs. It's like, it would, like, everyone who works in the court system would revolt. And he has a strong feeling that it's, like, a almost union like, collective action thing, that they would be against it. So I think those jobs are safe for, not because they can't be replaced, but simply because it would cause a riot.
Speaker E: So do you think that in, like, 2050, it's, like, the early years of, like, the singularity, we're still going to have people manually typing all the things that happen?
Speaker B: I think the singularity doesn't hit America first, right? It's going to go to some country that adopts things earlier, like Singapore or something.
Speaker C: It's going to be in, in mexican techno clubs. That's where the singularity is going to.
Speaker E: It will start there. Yes.
Speaker C: For sure. For sure. It might already have happened ten years ago, actually, and then ended, and it'll come back later. Okay, so. All right, SPF. Whatever. We're done talking about SPF. Uh, I guess you'll.
Speaker B: No, no, wait, wait, wait. I think we could. We have a couple of takes. My favorite take this week was the fact that Nishad finally admitted to the thing that I think everyone kind of thought was true, but wasn't totally 100% true, which is, you know, one of their main selling points in 2020 was that FTX has this great cross collateral risk model, and you could, like, give them any shit coin you want, and you could post as margin to take 100 x leverage on Ethan, and somehow they would liquidate it correctly and reallocate the collateral. And it turned out they actually did zero of that. And Alameda just ate the losses on a lot of these things just directly. They just straight up took the. They were kind of like a Ponzi scheme for trading funds. Because if I'm a trading firm, I actually heavily incentivized to go max leverage at FTX because they didn't liquidate me correctly or on time. And that's sort of what he admitted.
Speaker C: Are you talking about the two bugs that he was talking about of, like, the hackers, quote unquote?
Speaker B: But then he also talked about the liquidation engine, and, like, that they didn't.
Speaker C: Oh, I see.
Speaker B: They didn't actually, like, they didn't correctly, like, oh, like, think about this way. Suppose I put in right now I have 1000 pepe, and the pepe are worth, say, $1,000, right? And now I put that as collateral. And now I take a ten x leverage thing on Ethan, and I put up $1,000 of collateral. I'm getting $10,000 of exposure. Now, the problem is, Pepe's price could crash 50% faster than eats. Price goes down the 10% that would need for me to be liquidated. So now my collateral might only be worth $500. So in theory, they should have liquidated me already. But apparently he gave a lot of evidence that they didn't do that correctly. They didn't rebalance as efficiently as they had been claiming or at all. Alameda just kind of sat on the losses and tried to trade out of them manually.
Speaker C: I see. I mean, we kind of knew that already that, like, Alameda was eating a lot of bad liquidations.
Speaker B: We knew that mobile coin thing, right? But apparently this is, like, systematic. That was, like, their justification for this factor stuff. And I was like, I just think that's even worse. It's like hurdles all the way down. It's like, oh, FTX doesn't liquidate anyone. Blockbuster doesn't make Alameda out loud. You know, it's like, it's like everyone.
Speaker C: You know, what does.
Speaker E: You know, what does defi protocols do?
Speaker B: Exactly. That was. That was the natural zinger here, obviously.
Speaker C: Yes. But the interesting thing is that that might actually be positive for the defense. Right? If, like, the defense, like, well, look, this is how it always worked. And, like, Alameda was an intrinsic part of this thing, and it was there from the very beginning, and it was there to actually make FTX liquidations work correctly.
Speaker B: It's still fraud because they advertise that they were doing this.
Speaker C: Right, right, right. Okay. But the, but the really bad charges, I think, are going to be harder to stick if you can convince the jury that, well, you know, a lot of liquidations went bad. But we were like, this is how it always worked. We were doing our best. It was, it was not fraudulent intent beyond misrepresenting that, you know, we just suck at liquidating things, and we pretended not to be bad at liquidating things. That's a story, at least.
Speaker B: But isn't the, you have to admit, this human centipede of bad liquidations. Right. Of, like, Alameda, not like, FTX, not liquidating. Alameda. Alameda, not liquidating. Getting liquidated by blockfi. Dot, dot, dot. Right? Like, what's the speaking.
Speaker C: All right, speaking of the human centipede of liquidations, perhaps the head of that human Centipede came into the forefront today. The New York attorney general just sued Gemini, Genesis, and DCG, all of whom for defrauding investors and allegedly defrauding retail customers for over a billion dollars. So if you. If you recall, way back in the day, there was this big spat. I mean, it's obviously still continuing, but in the past, there was a big spat between Gemini with their Gemini earned product, and Genesis, which was a lending company under the banner of DCG, which is this big holding company that has a big pile of money that Gemini had this earned product, earned product used Genesis on the backend to actually generate their yield. And Genesis lied to Gemini about the status of their balance sheet, and that caused them all to get mad and, you know, do the Spider man pointing at each other thing. And unfortunately, it turns out that everyone defrauded everyone. That's, I think, the moral of the story. So the New York attorney general. So they were in bankruptcy proceedings, and they were kind of getting closer to some kind of settlement. But creditors were pissed at everything, and nothing seemed to get done, and everyone was starting suing each other. And the New York attorney general comes in and says, guess what, you're all sued, and you're all now criminally liable under New York law. So more or less, the story is that Gemini claimed that Genesis loans were over collateralized, but they actually were not over collateralized internally. They knew the loans were under collateralized, and they knew that the risk factors, especially months before everything blew up. They knew that the riskiness of Genesis was extremely bad, but they claimed to customers that Genesis loans are over collateralized. Everything's great. Genesis is a super strong partner, and they continue taking customer deposits even after they knew that things were in a very bad state at Genesis. Or at least not a bad state, but a risky state at Genesis. Uh, and then, of course, DCG. We've covered this in previous shows DCG's claim to have absorbed the losses from their three arrows write down for Genesis. So DCG claimed, hey, I'm coming in. I'm going to make sure that everyone's okay. Uh, but instead of actually filling the hole, they just gave a promissory note and claimed the promissory note was worth a billion dollars.
Speaker B: So you're saying at the end of the human centipede, you put dollars in and you get promissory notes out? You shit out.
Speaker E: Promissory notes from DCJ.
Speaker C: Promissory notes are better than what Alameda got, so. Or I guess what FTX holders got.
Speaker B: FTT is still worth more than those promissory notes. I bet FTT is lie. There's. There's still some liquidity for it.
Speaker C: How much is FTT worth today?
Speaker E: Oh, I would love to know the answer. I bet it's $0.20.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: No.
Speaker B: Guess the market cap.
Speaker C: By the way, this is also delicious. In the human centipede theme, apparently Genesis has loans. 60% of all of their loan book was Alameda, which was all collateralized by FTT.
Speaker B: Okay. Fully diluted valuation. FTT. Take a guess. I I want each of the three units.
Speaker E: 700 million.
Speaker C: 300 million.
Speaker D: I'm looking at it right now, so I'm.
Speaker C: 300.
Speaker B: 4341.
Speaker C: Oh three. Very good. Very good. Okay.
Speaker B: That's worth more than the promissory note.
Speaker C: Yeah. I don't think that fully diluted is a meaningful metric anymore, though, because I don't think there's.
Speaker B: But my point is, people are still trading it. You're getting some liquidity, right?
Speaker D: Like, yeah, but, you know, you couldn't.
Speaker E: Sell $350 million of FTT, you could probably sell like 3 million before bringing the price to zero.
Speaker B: That's still more than the promissory. No, that's still more than the promissory node.
Speaker C: That is true. Yeah. And so this lawsuit demands disgorgement of profits. And so that. What is the profits for DCG from all of this? Hard to say, but I mean, I. This is brutal. I mean, I really feel for DCG. I mean, obviously they were assholes and I. Whatever misrepresentations they made, but they are just getting picked apart.
Speaker E: I mean, I don't feel bad for DCG. And I've mentioned this on previous shows and a disclosure that I am a creditor to Genesis. I feel like there was a significant fraud and misrepresentation there. And as a creditor who provided capital to them, I was not aware of the hole in their balance sheet. They were representing to everybody that they were a solvent and healthy business. And so I don't feel bad for them at all.
Speaker C: Yeah, I take it back. I don't feel bad for them with regards to that. I think clearly what they did was super illegitimate. We were also Genesis customers and we just stopped working with them when all this shit came down. And we're very lucky that we didn't have a residual balance with them at that time.
Speaker B: Well, I will say Robert is just angry that he was an involuntary participant in the human centipede.
Speaker C: Nobody was getting a taste of what's coming out. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Wait, so, Robert, how do you feel about Gemini, though?
Speaker E: I mean, my read of the situation is Gemini was also clearly defrauded. Did they do everything they could to protect their customers? It seems like they tried to. In cases, they tried to use the information they had about the unhealthy position that Genesis was in to start withdrawing funds from Genesis and unwinding before its collapse. It seemed like they were taking actions, but they, you know, they've still representing on their website and marketing collateral that everything was going great. That's what I've read from the lawsuit. I mean, I feel more for them. Like I, you know, the status quo is to like, you know, not change what's on the website. Every time you find something new about a counterparty, it's not like they're going to go from like, you know, oh, we only make loans to Genesis and it's all over collateralized. And it's a great program to being like, change the website to like, we hate them. They're untrustworthy, they're committing fraud.
Speaker C: Like, apparently the loans were never over collateralized, though.
Speaker E: I hear you. And you know what? That was also a problem at Blockfi and Celsius and every other one of these entities. Right. You know, this.
Speaker B: This hu. This centipede is turning into a hydrae.
Speaker D: Speaking of centipede, they also talk about, I think at some point, like 50% of the loans were also collateralized with GPTC shares. So it's like, there's another sort of like, loop, I guess, at the end of the centipede. Yeah, it's all kind of fucked.
Speaker E: It was snake eating the tail. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker C: I don't know if it's the tail, but it's eating something.
Speaker B: Ouroboro, right?
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker E: Well, I mean, like the heart of the trade. The trade in air quotes. For years, Washington DCG had grayscale. Genesis borrowed money, loaned it to three AC. Loan bitcoin to three ac who took that bitcoin, subscribed to GBTC, put the bitcoin into the trust, which is locked forever and tried to sell it at a profit. And it was really like, in essence, taking customer money from Genesis lenders and putting it back into DCG. It was always just like DCG in multiple ways taking money from Genesis. Whether it was directly, which is DCG literally was borrowing money directly from genesis in inappropriate ways, where indirectly, which was Genesis lending to three ac who put the money into grayscale, which went to DCG. The whole thing was like DCG just robbing this like, piggy bank for years.
Speaker D: Like, yeah, it feels like to. I mean, it feels very conniving to try to like, protect the cash cow at DCG, which is grayscale, versus, you know, effectively, like, Grisco makes hundreds of millions of dollars a year on fees on the trust products. And so, you know, effectively what you should have done here is have those equity holders eat the losses from Genesis and instead they're like, actually, no, fuck anyone who uses genesis. We're going to try to protect this gem and have it be untouched with this sort of, you know, bullshit pseudo bond related party transaction. And so I feel like that was the part that. I mean, it was all actually bad, but it felt like there was a clear solution there that they could have taken and yet they chose not to.
Speaker C: I guess the reason why the DCG story is like. I guess the reason why it seems so sad is that it really is like this roman empire crumbling in front of us. For those of you who dont know, DCG is a very storied firm. They were super early into crypto. Coindesk, Grayscale, Genesis were three of the titans of the industry, and they still are in their own ways. Grayscale is still the largest exchange traded product in crypto. It owns a huge amount of the outstanding bitcoin. Its bigger than any other product in this industry. Coindesk, obviously a very OG and very well known publication, and they built all this from the ground up, and now they're just collapse. You can see the collapse. And it's also said, too, that grayscale, we just talked about grayscale being a cash cow, and there were some stories this week about the bitcoin ETF. There was a false story that the bitcoin ETF had already been approved and markets kind of went crazy over that. Turned out to be bullshit. But you can see that the SEC is signaling that most likely at this point, almost everyone believes that an ETF is coming soon. And it was news as well that the SEC did not appeal the grayscale outcome from the panel of judges who basically said, look, the grayscale denial was capricious and unfair. That said, if grayscale does convert, if it converts to an ETF, then the fees are going to drop massively. And the idea that this is this amazing cash cow, you're probably going to get 15, 20% of the fees that it was originally getting. And so it's kind of like this massive decapitation of everything in the DCG empire. And maybe, look, they had it coming. Obviously, what they did in the case of Genesis was extremely unethical and fucked over a lot of people. But it's just sad to see so much carnage in somebody who at one time was one of the pillars of the industry. That's the thing that I reflect on. I don't know, it's like that meme of how often do you think about the roman empire? That's kind of my feeling when I look at DCG.
Speaker E: I hadn't thought about it in at least two weeks until you just brought it up.
Speaker C: And crypto, how often do you think about DCG? I think that's the analogy in this industry nowadays.
Speaker B: Never.
Speaker C: Well, I think for creditors, probably, they think about it more often.
Speaker E: Yeah, for creditors. I'm in a chat group where people are just all day complaining about how all their money was stolen every single day.
Speaker C: It's just ugly.
Speaker B: You guys need to launch a social token for your group. Chat on Friendtech.
Speaker E: Oh, for the unsecured creditors committee participants. Genesis.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, fair enough, fair enough. Okay, well, moving on from sad things to other maybe sad things. So Uniswap is in the news this week, and some people are mad, some people are defending Uniswap, but here's basically the story. So setup. Uniswap, of course, is an on chain protocol. They have a token called Unitoken, which was launched in 2020-202-1202 I think. So that's a token. It's worth like 5 billion or something. And the Uniswap protocol, which is on chain, is governed by the Unitoken. Now, the Unitoken has never actually voted to instantiate fees in the protocol itself. So if you use Uniswap on chain, there are no fees that are currently enforced because of the token. The token has not decided to do that. However, Uniswap also has a company. The company is called Uniswap Labs. They were originally the company that was set up to build this thing. And that company separately raised a fundraising round, I believe last year. They have a separate set of investors. It was a round led by polychain. And those investors have a stake in Uniswap, the company, but they did not purely invest into the token. Uniswap, the company is building different things. They built a wallet. They obviously own the front end, they own the domain, but other things are owned by that. You need token holders. Now, Uniswap Token does not enforce any protocol based fee. But Uniswap labs, which owns the website Uniswap dot exchange or uniswap.org dot, that website now has decided to charge a 15 basis point fee on certain token pairs. So this caused the Internet to freak out. Some people were very pro this and said, okay, this is great. Now you have open source. You basically have companies that can build independent business models on top of protocols and build sustainably. That's great. Allows the developers to continue getting paid and build something that can work in perpetuity without having to rely on token emissions. You have other people saying like, hey, this is bullshit. The token itself, why did you sell this token if the token holders don't get any fees? But this front end is getting the fee, and the front end is the canonical front end, which everyone knows is the one that Uniswap is used with. And so you have a lot of people going back and forth on GitHub, sorry, on Twitter or on X. Maybe we'll never stop saying that. Yeah, probably at this point pretty much everywhere.
Speaker E: Set fee to zero.
Speaker C: That's right. The fees right now for Uniswap. So it hasn't been running very long as the time of us recording, but basically the approximate run rate of revenue that they're getting per year, the annualized revenue is around 30 million. So it looks like a pretty good, decent business, but obviously there's, there's probably some overhead in running the business, but in terms of revenue, that seems pretty strong. That said, there's a lot of disagreement about this, so I'd love to just kind of go around the room and get reactions about how you feel about the uniswap Labs front end monetization.
Speaker E: I'll go first. As somebody that was in a similar position with compound labs, which had built a protocol. So at compound labs years ago, we thought that the correct business model for the company that had originally built the protocol and then handed it off was not to monetize the protocol for itself, but to try to build an application on top of the protocol that would be profitable as a new business line. So at compound, we built a product called Compound treasury, and it was an application or business built on top of the protocol. Just like anyone could build. Anyone out there could go and on equal terms build whatever they wanted that made use of this system. And we thought it was a really great plan. And for years it started to grow and then the whole crypto market blew up and the product was shuttered. And it eventually in some sense, led to what im doing today, which is superstate. But the idea was build a private for profit thing on top of a DeFi protocol and do it as a way of generating profit for the developers. And anyone could go out and do this. Theres no reason why Tarun can start a thing called bestuniswapinterface.com and charge a fee to use bestuniswapinterface.com dot. And there's no reason why Tarun couldn't go out and start compound treasury or whatever, but if you're super deep and close to something, you're obviously the best equipped to try to create a product that's monetized on top of it. So I get where they're coming from. The pros of it are, it's a way of driving revenue. I think the subtle pro of this is it actually is going to create more competition at the interface layer to the Uniswap protocol itself. I actually think what they're going to inspire is a lot more alternate interfaces and forks and things that are literally trying to cannibalize their own interface. I think it's going to push more volume over time to trading aggregators and things that bundle Uniswap transactions alongside others. I think what it's going to do is it's going to be a good revenue stream for them, but it's over time, going to obsolete the app Uniswap interface. I think that's a good thing in a lot of ways, but I don't expect that it's going to be an incredibly long term sustainable thing. I think in a lot of ways it's good for them. It creates a lot of competition at the protocol level for better interfaces and more innovation and more people trying different things that don't have a 15 basis point fee. And so I think there's a lot of interesting upsides to this. I get the sort of community pushback on this. It's like, oh, well, you guys are taking a fee, but the protocol is not. But the protocol can take a fee. If it wasn't, it just hasn't yet. And so I think it brings that conversation to the forefront and it makes it even more interesting and more timely, which is like, how do you allocate fees between the protocol itself and the interface built on top of it and what's right and what's fair and what's good and what's viable and what's competitive and like, I think that that conversation is even happening is also extremely positive for uniswap. I think the only thing I would have changed is I think they should have given a longer lead time to let people know about it, simply because it changes the user experience so significantly for a lot of core activities that just turning it on is very different than being like, oh, here's our vision, we're going to turn this on at some point. Get ready for this.
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, I hear that in concept, I think maybe it's more about how this kind of gets represented publicly. Like, the Uniswap dao gave like 40, $50 million to Newswap foundation. Ostensibly, sure, that's for protocol development, it's not for application development. But for most people, I don't think that delineation is particularly clear. And on the fee element, fees cannot escalate forever. There is competition within fees. And so fees that go to a front end inherently come from LP's, they come from traders. There's not sort of this infinite pie. And so if anything, this is, yeah, I think there's a stat now that's like 40% of volume is going through the front end based on the fees that are being taken and sort of approximations from Uniswap and so this is the primary way that people actually access uniswap liquidity. It feels maybe a bit confusing to try to tie in funding to the foundation separate from this, from labs, which is kind of the experience that most people have when they use uniswap. So I think it's fine if there's a clear delineation, and I think maybe even naming it something other than Uniswap labs and having totally be third party, that's fine. But in practice, I don't notice. I don't know if that delineation is clear.
Speaker B: Yeah, I kind of more or less agree with what Robert pointed out. I also think there's a sense in which there's still a lot of expense that has to be paid to keep the market share of a front end. And a real question to me is, is this sufficient to motivate you to keep like spending money on the try and have your front end be the best, or is it actually going to get eaten? I think because we're in this low volume environment, it's hard to see. But I think if we see any kind of green shoots of prices moving quickly and liquidity dries up to some extent because there's some losses for LP's, you could imagine that people actually end up going through different aggregators. I'm just not sure how that plays out. But yeah, I mean, I think also the introduction of Uniswap X as segments LP's from purely passive to kind of these just in time piece LP's. There already was this kind of like tranching of fees going on. Anyway, this is just kind of adding to that stack. I do think the uniswap front end order flow is generally viewed as sort of the dumbest order flow.
Speaker C: Right?
Speaker B: It's like the ones that's easiest to sandwich attack, it's the one that's easiest to front run. It's people who are like clearly they don't care enough that they're just going to the main website. And it's a convenience. It's the most valuable flow for sophisticated actors, for sure. And I think there's this weird thing that this extra fee might make users actually pay attention to getting sandwiched, for instance, a lot more, but they'll notice the compounding of the 15 basis points plus the sandwich attack fee. Right? So I think like users may respond to that combo in a way of moving to other front ends. I think it actually might not be this fee itself. It might be that this fee makes the sandwich attacks and front running look much worse.
Speaker C: So, okay, I clearly am the most negative on this relative to anybody else. It sounds like. I fucking hate this. I think that this is awful. I think it was communicated terribly. I think clearly you can tell from the responses of people in the community that they feel blindsided and betrayed, which I think, to your point, Robert, of signposting that this is coming shows a big, big failure on the part of the Uniswap team. I remember when Uniswap was raising that round, and I was talking to other investors in that round, and I talked about this on a previous show when we were interviewing Zero X will from Zero X, that this idea of people raising equity and raising tokens separately and having this divergent cap table, I think, is terrible precedent, and I think it should generally be avoided wherever possible. And this is exactly why. Because now there's two set of constituents who care about Uniswap. There's the people who own the equity and the people who own the token. Here are the reasons why I hate it. So one is just kind of spiritually, more or less. The team is double dipping. They all got big piles of tokens which are worth billions of dollars. The token itself is worth billions of dollars. And then they got paid again by raising money for what otherwise, in almost every other protocol, is just a public service to the protocol they already built. Right. If the front end for every single product you use in crypto takes an extra fee, because, like. Well, but I developed the front end and I'm supporting it, and I'm paying for, like, you know, DNS protection and this and that. And, like, I need to keep this sustainable. What. What that would imply is that every single protocol should have a front end that takes a fee. And I think that's a crazy equilibrium to end up at. Why would we not end up at that? Well, if you use Geth, geth requires active development, and we want to keep it sustainable. So if you send a transaction through Geth, you have to pay us a fee. Now, you could use a fork, you could use some other client, but our client, obviously, that's a bit of a reductio ad absurdum, but it's emblematic of, like, isn't this the point of crypto was that we didn't do shit like this, that we didn't have these, like, thousand little paper cuts of minimum.
Speaker B: No, but you have the option to not take the paper cut. That's the difference, right?
Speaker C: Yes. Okay, fine. Okay, fine. So you have the option to not take the papercut now, here's why I think this argument is bullshit for Uniswap, right? Everybody knows that most of the volume going through Uniswap comes to the front end or a big portion of it, right? 40% or whatever. That portion is the most valuable portion because it's retail, right? It's the retail uninformed flow that everyone else is going to follow. If that flow goes somewhere else, people will follow that flow. Now, you could say, well, this is going to incentivize competition right? Now. There's going to be more front ends for Uniswap. Like, I, first of all, I don't believe that's true. I think 15 bps is so low, retail is going to bear it. Obviously, if you look at what retail pays on other platforms, they are not fee sensitive to 15 bits, right? Like metamask charges, what, 80 bps, Coinbase charges, like 1.5%.
Speaker E: I mean, that's just robbery. I mean, that's just.
Speaker C: Sure, sure. But 15 bps, like, that's like the lowest tier on binance, right? Like, people are not going to revolt against 15 bits. So I think they know, and they probably chose that intentionally because they know that it's not going to cause a lot of volume to go away. But at the end of the day, and I completely agree with Tom here, that is zero sum with the protocol. It just is. There's no fucking way. It's not. You could argue like, well, but it's going to incentivize people to go somewhere else, but they won't. And it's, it's not a theoretical question. They're not going to go away from the front and the retail will continue using it because they don't know. They probably can't even tell what the fees are. They can't tell. They're being sandwiched. They can't tell any of these things.
Speaker E: It's zero sum, but it's taking away from users. It's not taking away from like, the liquidity providers, in my opinion. Not directly. I mean, maybe indirectly. It's really just increasing the total fee load of using uniswap, right?
Speaker D: There's going to be some reduction in volume, right? Like there's some point where the fee will reduce volume, which is going to be bad for LP's. I think it's this like related party issue. Like, I don't take any issue with metamask adding a fee. It's like, hey, you go build a wallet. You want to slap a fee on some aggregators. Like, go for it. I think it's sort of the mixing of there's the labs and the foundation, and the labs is for profit, the foundation is not. And it's like, who is developing what? Like who is aligned with what? And right now they're not aligned with each other.
Speaker C: I remember having a conversation with an investor in the uniswap labs round and I was like, here's why I hate this. Here's why I hate that divergence of goals, because it's going to end up in something like this. It's going to end up with the company wanting to take a fee for the front end and the protocol wanting to take a separate fee for the protocol. And they were like, no, no, no, we're not going to do that. And I was like, really? How are you going to make this valuation make sense if you don't do that? It's like, no, we're going to charge for other stuff. We're going to do a wallet, we're going to do Fiat on ramp, we're going to do this other stuff. We're never going to do that because that would put us in opposition with the token holders. Well, here we are. It's a fucking bear market and the front end's taking a fee. And yes, it's true that. Okay, look, Robert, I mostly agree with you that I think it's going to have a very small effect on front end volume. Some people who are smarter are going to go use aggregators or whatever to go around the fee, but most of the really valuable flow is not going to do that because they're just not fee sensitive. Right. I think the whole point of why you can extract so much from retail is that it's very inelastic. Right. The demand from retail. The problem is that when the protocol does introduce its fee, that fee will have to be lower because it knows that 40% of the volume goes to the front end, goes to the Uniswap exchange front end. And if retail is able to bear, let's say 60 basis points is like that, the inelasticity of demand is such that they will bear up to 60, and then after 60, they really start falling off. Right. Let's assume. Let's just model that as something so they'll pay up to 60 bps. Okay, well, 15 just went to the company. So that means now uni holders only get 45 bits before it starts making no sense anymore. There is just only so much that the demand side is willing to bear. And if the front end takes this much, only that much is left for the token holders. Theres no possible way that that logic does not hold. Thats why I hate this. I think it is zero sum with token holders. Theres no fucking way. Its not. And if you wanted to incentivize other front ends, delete your front end. That will really incentivize other front ends if your front end goes away. But obviously thats not what theyre doing. Make your front end a panel of other front ends that you can route to. There's so many ways to create competition for front ends. This is not it. And I don't think that competition for front ends is going to happen because of this. It would be a side effect because they're like oh maybe we could also take a fee. But I guarantee you those other front ends are going to get almost no volume. It will probably incentivize more volume to aggregators. But beyond that I really don't think so.
Speaker E: So what do you think the solution is?
Speaker C: What do most startups do that are in this situation?
Speaker E: I mean this is a very unique situation.
Speaker C: No it's not that unique.
Speaker E: It's startups are in uniswap the only.
Speaker B: Only other company, and I know those who are more ETH aligned listening to this will be angry when this is the only other company that's very similar is Ripple, where Ripple equity was sold a bunch of times stellar. And Ripple had very similar like weird dynamics between the, the tokens on the, okay yes.
Speaker C: Once you create that divergence between equity and tokens. Yeah, that's what, that was the original sin, right. That is the first thing that I generally encourage companies not to do. Do not go sell equity separately from your tokens. Once you do that, I agree with you, you're in a really sticky spot because you do have a fiduciary obligation to your equity holders to maximize shareholder value. That's how fucking capitalism works. So once you're there, I think you do need to draw some kind of bright line or you need to divest yourself of the front end. Right. There's a bunch of stuff that the uni holders technically govern. They own. What do they govern? They govern like the uniticker. They govern the V three, BsL, the BSL. Yeah, there's a bunch of stuff like the license. There's a bunch of stuff that they gave to the uni holders. They could also in principle give them the front end and the domain. They did not do that. They did not do that. And so they own the front end of the domain. And there's this fuck. There's this fantasy that, well, the really valuable thing is you need the protocol, not the front end. Of course the front end is valuable. Of course the front end is valuable and the front end is valuable because it was the de facto way to access Uniswap for three years.
Speaker E: I'll bring up a counterpoint, which is when you look at, well, how did ripple get into that situation? Or stellar or Uniswap or anyone? I think the root of this is that in the year 2023, they're still not great legal structures or understanding for protocol. Ask non entity esque things, and every one of them start off as a company or an LLC or something that there's like an established legal structure for, which is when they go out and they raise money and they hire employees and they do all of that like, no one is going and doing all that typically without that first step of like, oh, forming a company and hiring people and raising money and like doing all the things. Almost every one of them starts off as a traditional legal structure. And so theres this huge chasm between traditional legal structures and this fully decentralized. Its only a token, its only a foundation, its only a protocol, and it runs everything. Theres this gap, and most things arent crossing that gap, well, if at all, because its crazy hard to go from, oh, we had this thing to now it doesn't exist anymore. And so I think the root of it is this lack of legal structures. I bet in like 2030 we might be in a place where you can start off with a thing where like, there is no for profit company at any point.
Speaker B: There's no, there's just a dial with the multi sig, but there's some notion of limited liability.
Speaker E: Exactly.
Speaker C: Yeah. Look, I agree with your point, and I also don't, I don't think it's fair to say like, well, Hayden is a bad guy and he planned this all along or something. Clearly they were in a tough spot, and I don't think they intended originally to do this because I was told by people that this was not the original intention when they raised that round. And I agree with you. Look, if the regulatory structures were clearer and it was easier to do all this stuff, fine. Yes. I don't think the Uniswap team are the bad guys here. I think the incentives that conspired to make this the only option they really had available to make this a viable business is the problem. I guess my thing is, I think even in some ways it really comes down to investors, is investors need to start demanding that these kinds of things do not happen, that they are not on the table as a possibility, that there's a divergence between the equity holders and the token holders, such that if you do an equity raise into another company, and that's fine, why does the Devco have the domain? Why doesn't the foundation have the domain? Why does the Devco have the front end? The foundation should have the front end. Right? That is the problem here. If the Devco just had like, oh, we're going to build a wallet and we're going to build this, we're going to build a fiat on ramp. Great, that's awesome. I love that. Maybe that's worth a lot, but a large part of the reason why they got such a large valuation is because they own the front end. And that, I think, is the misalignment, like the core of the misalignment here.
Speaker D: Yeah. I think of a comp, actually as Oasis, which was a. Originally it was built by maker. It was, I mean, the primary way Dai traded and MKR traded in the early days is what they used for liquidations. It sort of morphed into this savings tool, lending tool, like sort of this interface on top of maker, and eventually spun out. They raised money separately for Oasis as an equity. But no one was under the impression that, oh, yeah, MKR holders get fees from the Oasis front end because it's so clearly a different thing with a different name, with a different team that separate from MKR and people who work on subdaos for Maker. And so I agree. I think it's actually fine to have a separate team that is for profit, that is building something on top of a protocol and taking a fee for it, but it is about that sort of separation and delineation.
Speaker C: Yeah. What I don't like about it is that now that we're here, the Uniswap team kind of has to gaslight people in that. No, no, no, this is not Uniswap. Uniswap is just the protocol. This front end is just like a separate thing we made. And because we did all the amazing work of building this front end, we deserve to get paid for it. At the same time, the same team is developing v four and they're developing these protocol upgrades that are going to go directly to the DAO. And so it's just like, look, just at least admit to us that this is what's happening anyway. I don't know. I get really worked up over this because this is a fight I've had with several companies that are trying to do similar things.
Speaker B: Another aspect of this that I don't quite understand is like liability for the front ends because doesn't it seem like the legal system is trying to put even more of an onus on the front ends than the protocol over time? It feels like that. So I would argue that in some ways this fee is actually paying for those future legal bills because I actually do think there will be a ton of liability from to owning the front end that maybe you're right, the foundation should harbor, but I'm not sure that it shields them from anything. I do think there's some very weird thing going on with how governments are treating front ends and all the over. We saw all the misinformation of the last few days where Elizabeth Warren and 28 senders wrote a note saying crypto was used by Hamas with very inflated numbers. And then a bunch of people came out and were like, are you kidding me? There's a wrong members. And I kind of think this is one of those things where owning the front end is like the thing that will be like the misinformation more thing and governments will go after that. So I don't know. I think there is some risk premium to running the front end that maybe is worth having a fee for. But this is just more a tangential thing. I get all of the sort of more like rational philosophical points you're making, and the related party thing being the one that stands out the most is strong to me at least. But I do think there is also this weird legal risk with the front end that you're not kind of, you do need to include as something that needs to be compensated for.
Speaker C: Yeah look, I agree with you, but this is also not unique to uniswap. Every single defi protocol, every single app has a front end. And Uniswap is kind of the only one we see doing this. Obviously theyre the most profitable. So maybe thats a good explanation why. But I think it really boils down to this fundraise they did that kind of set them down this path that became eventually unavoidable. Yeah, look, I agree with you. And also I cant imagine there are not going to be a lot of regulatory thorns with them. Basically now taking a portion of every single swap on uniswap without asking any KYC information, without knowing source of funds, all that stuff, that also seems like very dicey to me. And so it may end up eventually being a kind of self own that if they're taking fees from the front end without checking sanctions lists and without doing all this or not sanctions list. Probably they're doing that, but without being able to verify source of funds and the backgrounds of the addresses they're taking money from, it may end up being a KYC front end, at which point it really does drive the volume somewhere else.
Speaker E: But that might be the path that they're going down. I mean, I can see why they don't want to host a front end is the majority of volume that they're not getting revenue from. Right. Like, if the end state is, they do do all of those things, right? And they say, like, oh, the nature of, you know, the legal clarity around this stuff is evolving and like, you know, a law gets passed that says, you know, there's multiple draft bills out there, you know, that all theoretically could pass in the next cycle that would change the requirements on them substantially. In some ways. They might just be front running that with the expectation that they are going to implement KYC or they are going to implement different regimes that they dont today. I think its hard to predict the motivations behind it, but its possible theyre just getting in front of proposed legislation.
Speaker C: Sure, that is plausible. I'd still, though, take issue with the way you started that answer, Robert, which is that why would they host a front end that they don't get paid for? Everybody at Uniswap Labs owns Unitoken. The Uniswap labs itself has a bunch of uni on the balance sheet. They are ostensibly already aligned with the protocol itself. And again, this is not a problem anybody else has. Aave doesn't have this problem. Compound doesn't have this problem. All these different layer ones don't have this problem of, like, why would I keep building for this when I'm not getting paid on every transaction? Yeah, anyway, whatever. I'm gonna stop beating this horse because I'm running in circles now.
Speaker B: But, well, it just seems like of the four of us, you have the strongest affinity to your argument. I'm just kind of, I don't know, this is like the Wild West. I don't really know everything. I kind of, I could imagine, like, there's so much stuff in the background that we have incomplete information on. So it's like, I don't know.
Speaker C: I mean, if that's true, like, no, I, that I don't believe. If we had incomplete, if we have incomplete information, then nobody has complete information.
Speaker B: I don't, you know, I don't like to assume that I have that much complete information.
Speaker C: No, it's more that like, look, it's not that complicated, man. Like, it really isn't. It's very transparent to see.
Speaker B: I think, I think people who are, people who are the most in regulators crosshairs would do to things that for reasons that none of the four of us can perfectly divine, and I think that they, as one of the largest targets of every single regulator, just read every bill, it mentions them, every proposed bill. There's so much stuff going on in that side of the world that I don't understand. I don't pretend to understand that. It's very hard for me to have a strong opinion where it's last week. If calling saying SPF is a psychopath, that's a very easy opinion for me to rant about for an hour.
Speaker C: Okay, maybe there's some convoluted regulatory, backroom dealing thing that's explaining all of this. I guess that's possible. If that's true, you know, give us a wink, uniswap team, and then we'll, you know, we'll forgive you. But, um, I think usually the simplest explanation is, tends to be correct in these cases. And I think it's also the case that if, even if that's true, the way they went about this was absolutely horrendous and did not inspire any confidence that there was a good reason beyond the obvious one, for, for doing this. Anyway, at the end of the day, uniswap has a fee now. So if you, for those of you who use uniswap, you may want to look into your neighborhood aggregator if you want to avoid paying 15 bits.
Speaker E: I'm curious to track the fee and its actual buildup over time. You could extrapolate from one or two days, but seeing where it actually goes in a year, I think is actually really fascinating and valuable as information for the entire ecosystem. Watching the trend, does it go up? What is it as percent of volume? How does it evolve?
Speaker B: It's annualizing to like 12 million right now. So this is today's much lower.
Speaker D: I mean, it's very spiky volume, but.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm just taking the three days, multiplying by 365 over three.
Speaker C: Okay. Yeah. Obviously the other thing too is that it much, much much more volume in times of high volatility. So until we actually see, I mean, right now, we're kind of in a low volatility period, not a lot of volume. So even over this month, I would not necessarily take that as representative for what you should, for sure.
Speaker B: No, no, I'm definitely not. I'm definitely not.
Speaker C: But the point is, look, it's a decent. It's a decent business. I don't know if it's worth what they raised in terms of valuation, but it's obviously. It's better than running a wallet. The good. It's a good chunk of change anyway. Cool. Well, I can't wait for the hate mail after this one. I'm sure I'm gonna get a lot of people yelling at me, but whatever. That's what we're about in the show. Well, I think that's. That's it. Shall we wrap it up?
Speaker E: Yeah, we can circle the wagons.
Speaker C: Circle. Circle the wagons? What? Why? Okay, we're circling the centipede. Okay, that's okay. Okay. Yeah. The centipede. We're detaching the centipede and it's gonna go back on its. Go back on its merry, individual components. That's right. That's right. The human centipede of the chopping block has detached. We're logging off, everybody. We'll be back next week for more disgusting filth. Thanks, everyone.
Speaker D: See y'all.
