Speaker A: Hey unchained listeners, as you know, its hard keeping up with the fast paced world of crypto, so weve got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. youll get the latest crypto news in original articles from our reporters, as well as summaries of other happenings in bullet points. Plus, our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. Its still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot.
Speaker B: You just had this chain of events with kind of like a game of telephone where at each step youre getting further and further from sort of the ground truth. So subsequent to all that, I decided that this was completely unacceptable, pushed the Wall Street Journal to retract or update their story, which, to their credit, they did do. It was a pretty milquetoast correction, in my opinion. I mean, journalists never want to correct themselves. That's all they have. It's like their pride. So the fact that we even got what I think was a meager correction was still a huge win, not a dividend. It's a tale of Tuqwan now.
Speaker C: Your losses are on someone else's balance sheet.
Speaker D: Generally speaking, airdrops are kind of pointless anyways.
Speaker C: I named trading firms who were very involved.
Speaker B: I like that.
Speaker D: ETH is the ultimate pumpkin.
Speaker E: Defi protocols are the antidote to this problem.
Speaker C: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the chopping block. Every couple of weeks, the four of us get together and give the industry insider's perspective on the crypto topics of the day. The quick intro. First, we've got Tom, the defi maven and master of memes. Tom, you gotta say your little thing.
Speaker D: I'm supposed to say something now. Okay, there's my voice. Hopefully, identify me.
Speaker C: Perfect. Robert the crypto connoisseur and Tsar of super State.
Speaker E: It's gonna be a spooktacular episode.
Speaker C: Ooh. It is the day before Halloween that we're recording this. And then we've got a special guest, Nick Carter, the illustrious reformed bitcoin, Maxi.
Speaker B: I don't have a catchphrase, but yeah, I'm happy to be here.
Speaker C: This is actually, I kept your same catchphrase from the previous time you were on the show, which we'll talk about in a little bit. And then I'm haseed the head hype man at Dragonfly. So we are early stage investors in crypto, but I want to caveat that nothing we say here is investment advice, legal advice, or even life advice. Please see chopping block XYZ for more disclosures. Nick, it's great to have you on the show. You are, at least for the moment, the main character of Twitter. Or at least you were going through this last weekend. I went back through your previous appearance on the show, which I don't know if you remember, but it was the day that FTX collapsed.
Speaker B: That's insane.
Speaker C: We ran this special episode right when the CZ had just made the initial bid, saying that we are taking over FTX, and we live streamed a show. It was you, me, Tom, and Laura. Because everything was insane. I think none of us had slept in, like, 36 hours. It was so interesting hearing. I listened to it back. Cause I was just like, when I saw that. Cause I went to go look up what your title was at that time. Cause I was like, okay, I wanna keep. When I saw that, I was like, what did it feel like then to hear all of us processing what was happening the day that FTX was collapsing? Now, having, like, read the SPF book and watching SPF go through cross examination and all this stuff, now that we know so much more, it was incredible how naive we all were and how much credit we were still giving to Sam. We were talking about him being, like, this regulatory golden boy wunderkind, and we were like, oh, no, there's no way that Alamedo is really that bad. Like, I'm sure there's a better explanation. Like, it was so. It was so innocent. I think the way we were seeing all this at that time, I was.
Speaker B: Going to ask you, did any one of us have an actual sense of how bad it was at the time?
Speaker C: No. No, no, no. Every single one of us was like, this looks really bad, but I'm sure it's not actually this bad. Something must have gone wrong. They must have misplaced the books. Something weird happened. But you know what we were talking about? We were talking about how bad this is for the industry, because binance is going to consolidate market share. That's what we were talking about.
Speaker B: That's amazing.
Speaker E: Predictions are hard.
Speaker C: Oh, my goodness. Oh, my goodness. Yeah. How does it feel now looking back on the SPF trial? So, for context, SPF trial is still underway, and as is contractually obligated, we have to talk about the SPF trial. Last week it was off. This week it was back on. On Friday, SPF began giving testimony. So his direct examination, meaning his lawyer was asking him questions, started on Friday. It is now Monday night. And on Monday was the day that the cross examination began, basically meaning the assistant attorney general started examining him and asking him a bunch of questions through cross examination. And it so far is looking pretty bad for SPF. He has been more or less denying, denying, denying, denying. So they'll ask him a question and say, did you ever say that, uh, you know, the. I don't know. Do you ever say, one example that people seem to be fixating on, did you ever say that, uh, keeping your hair long and crazy was good for the brand? He was like, I don't recall ever saying that. They say, okay, interesting, let's play this back. And they would play a recording of him saying, I don't cut my hair cause it's good for my brand. They say, that sounds like something I may have said at one point. And they just did that over and over and over again, apparently for the entire day. And a lot of things. Him saying, I do not recall. I do not recall. So we're still halfway through the cross examination. It's going to continue tomorrow. Gentlemen, what's your perception, seeing how this court case is playing out?
Speaker E: Well, I'm not a legal expert, so my analysis is that of a total layman. However, it doesn't seem like he has a good chance. You know, a lot of people who are lawyers commented that it's very rare for a defendant to, like, take the stand themselves. I see why now that he's done it, I don't think it seems like it's been in his favor. It seems like more than anything, you know, he doesn't have good answers for any of this stuff. Obviously, the odds of him having good answers were pretty minuscule as it is. So I'm taking the consensus legal opinion that representing yourself is rare for a reason and that most people are cautioned not to do it because, you know, it hasn't done him any favors. I think, you know, as an outsider, this has only lowered the probability that a jury finds him innocent. Now, juries seem like they're wild cards, and who knows what's going to happen. I mean, I still put this at, like, a too high of a chance that there's a mistrial or like a hung jury or something crazy, but it doesn't seem like this has gone that well for him. It doesn't seem like his legal team is great. It doesn't seem like he's gotten good advice. If he has gotten good advice. It doesn't sound like he listens to it. You know, we saw this when he was running around the world doing deal book, doing every podcast. He could post collapse. He's not working with an a plus team of legal counsel, or he's just ignoring what they have to say. So I don't think his chances are good.
Speaker B: He also doesn't seem at all contrite. I mean, maybe now is not the part of the trial where you show contrition, but he seems very obdurate and defiant still. So to the extent that that matters in sentencing, he's kind of failed that test as well.
Speaker E: I bet you that doesn't change at all, ever, even, like, post sentencing. I bet that doesn't change.
Speaker C: Well, he's trying to get out of sentencing, right? The goal is to never get to sentencing. I understand that. Once you get to sentencing. Yeah. That's when you start bringing out that. I'm sorry. And, you know, I can't believe that. Such a good guy.
Speaker D: Yeah, it just feels like, hey, he's trying to shift some of the blame off of him without directly pointing fingers at the other lieutenants. But, yeah, I mean, the cross examination has been digging out evidence, Sam, saying, I don't recall, or that may be something, and then them presenting the evidence, and it's really damning stuff. It's like the fuck regulator's message that he was sending with the other FTX people. And so the Fifth Amendment only works when they don't actually have the evidence. But if they already have the evidence, like, you just look stupid. And the judge is also really not having any of his shit. I think at some point Sam says, I don't recall, and the judge is like, look, just answer the question. And so it really doesn't feel like things are going particularly well, but I guess we'll see.
Speaker C: I remember when he was doing the media blitz immediately after the collapse, when he handed off the bankruptcy keys and then went on dealbook and all these places, start talking about Twitter spaces and all this stuff. And I remember at the time, all the lawyers were saying, this is really dumb. You should never do this. This is such a bad idea. But all the crypto people were like, wow, he's still, like, he has such amazing pr instincts. He knows exactly what to do and to come out in the open and fight the narrative and blah, blah, blah. He has this eleven dimensional chess in his mind. And turns out, no, he didn't. It turns out everything that he said in those Twitter interviews and on dealbook and in all those things. It's all getting played back in front of the jury now. And this is exactly the reason why they tell you, don't do this, because no matter how, you know, open and direct and appealing you think you are. And obviously he thinks he is very open and direct and appealing. Eventually you're going to say something that contradicts what you later want to say. And if you want to say, like, look, I had no idea what was going on. Then you say, I fucked up, and we didn't. I did not put enough risk management into place. It's like, well, it sounds like, you know, that you made this error and you were aware of it and you let it get away from you. And then the contradictory stories about, oh, it's about a risk margining system and that that was what went wrong. And I. Now, obviously, that's an untenable position to have taken. So it's like, okay, well, either you lied then or you're lying now, which is it? And, you know, boom. Now you. You. There's. There's no way a jury's gonna buy that you didn't understand what was going on.
Speaker E: Well, the problem is this line of defense and this, like, approach that he has worked in elementary school, and it's possible that this used to work for him even later in life by just being like, oh, you know, I have no idea why that went wrong. We did our best. You know, it doesn't work in a criminal court of law for, like, one of the largest disappearing money situations in history. But it's possible that he has had former success with this in lesser stakes situations.
Speaker B: I remember he was getting a lot of plaudits at the time when he was doing his press tour. People were saying, hey, has Sam found an alternative way to deal with a scandalous. You know, he's really gunning for it. Is it going to work? Didn't work, in fact. Yeah, those receipts are now showing up in the trial.
Speaker C: Well, it is admittedly early to say, but right now I saw Martin Shkreli was making bets on Twitter. He was, like, making a market on the odds of him getting convicted, I think. What was it, like, 100 to one that he beats all the charges? Something like that. So right now, that's the market. It's not.
Speaker B: Sounds about right.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker E: I would put down $10 just as, like, a hedge for the sake of our industry. Like, he gets off, we're all screwed.
Speaker C: So you. Yeah, you'd make, what is that, $10,000 if. No, sorry, $1,000 wait, no, yeah, yeah. Sorry. Yeah, $1,000. Yeah. You make a $1,000 if 100. Yeah, yeah. So you make a $1,000 if our industry exonerates SPF. I don't know how much that's going to hedge you, but, yeah, that's a. Yeah, it'd be bad. I'm slightly embarrassed how long it took me to figure out that ten times 100 is 1000. But anyway, we don't do math. We don't do math. We just sign term sheets. We take whatever terms we're given.
Speaker D: Speaking of betting, I think we talked a little bit about the overflow room last time, and I need to get there, like, two or 03:00 a.m. in order to actually hit the main room. There's a great article from the New Yorker out about the dynamics in the overflow room, and it sounds like a party. People are making odds on how many times SBF's lawyer is going to object. And people are, like, vaping and playing music and. Yeah, it's like. Because it's just like a live stream of the other rooms. So if you are in New York and you want to have some fun. 500 Pearl street. They're waiting for you. Just go and play some bets and see how the trial turns out.
Speaker C: That's amazing. Wait, have you gone to. How have you not gone to the overflow room yet?
Speaker D: I have a job. I've been wanting to go, but it just has not really worked out.
Speaker C: But, oh, man, we only got a week left. Supposedly they're going to wrap up cross examination later this week, and then jury goes into deliberations Thursday, I think. Something like that, yeah. So we should have a verdict before too long, by the end of next week. Supposedly. Good chance that we're going to have a verdict. So, crazy times. But unfortunately, if SPF is your hero, it's not looking good for him, I'm sad to say. But for the rest of the industry, I think people are roughly what folks were expecting was that this was not going to go well for Mister Sam Bankman Freed. So, Nick Carter, you are the man of the hour. Going back to our illustrious guest. Last time we talked about the first inning of the story with the Wall Street Journal and Hamas and all the reporting around crypto terrorist funding, I gave a pretty admittedly short shrift exposition of what exactly happened in the story, but I'd love for you to recapitulate from beginning to end for those who are just tuning in. What happened with the Wall Street Journal? What did you do? And how did all this end up in you being crowned the hero of crypto Twitter?
Speaker B: Yeah. My gosh. Okay, so, so much happened, and it's very complex. So if you all will bear with me. So this all traces to three administrative seizure orders issued by the the israeli government, the National Bureau for Counterterrori Financing. And over the last eight months or so, theyve issued three seizure orders where they basically just list wallet addresses and binance accounts. And they say, yeah, tether freeze these funds, or binance freeze the funds. And one of them was related to this affiliate of Hamas called the PJI palestinian something, jihadis, maybe. And the other two didn't actually mention Hamas or anything. They mentioned the Dubai company for exchange or the Alwifak company for exchange, which I actually don't know how those relate. No one's actually explained that part yet. There's an epistemic chain here where you start with some degree of precision, and then is you move down the chain, you get further and further away and you get more ambiguity, and then you get to something that has no precision whatsoever. And so the next link in the chain was elliptic published a blog early this year adding up the nominal flows connected to the wallets for one of these seizure orders. That was a really important piece of evidence. And then Bitokay, which is another analytics firm that ID never heard of actually before this whole thing, they also published their own estimate of flows related to these wallets. Combined, all of those flows added up to about $130 million. It was mostly Tron, actually. Mostly Tron wallets. And then the attack, I think, was the 8 October happened, and the Wall Street Journal pounced on that. And there was that catalyst. And they referred back to the elliptic estimate of terror related flows based on the wallets that had been released by the israeli counterterrorist financing group. They just repeated the elliptic and the bit okay data pretty credulously and effectively claimed that Hamas or its affiliates had raised this amount to finance their operations. That was the mise en scene. Of course, there were some problems with that analysis, namely that the israeli counterterrorism group, they may not have been looking for precision when they listed all the addresses. They might have just been going for a pretty scattershot approach. Chainalysis then released a blog post cautioning against this analysis, where you just naively add up all the flows in a cluster of wallets and declare that thats all related to this one type of activity. And they suggested, although they were kind of giving an example, an illustrative example, they suggested that some of the flows had nothing to do with terra financing. They were just affiliated brokers or OTC desks. Elliptic itself then released an updated blog post where they actually changed the legend in the chart that theyd published and didnt acknowledge the change, and so really softened the language there. And they also said, yeah, actually, the Wall Street Journal misinterpreted the data. One thing I forgot to mention, of course, is that Elizabeth Warren used the Wall Street Journal article as her sole source for her letter, which was signed by 100 members of Congress, basically asking the Biden admin to really tighten up sort of counterterrorism financing rules. And she characterized crypto as sort of a major way that Hamas was funding itself. And so she really sees the moment there using exclusively the Wall Street Journal source, using only their interpretation. And she claimed that Hamas had raised over 130 million. So we kind of started from this list of addresses. Then you had a couple of chain analysis companies doing what I think is now we know is a pretty naive analysis of the flows through those addresses. And then you get to Elizabeth Warren, with no caveats, definitively stating that Hamas raised over 130 million to fund their operations. And so you just had this chain of events with kind of like a game of telephone, where at each step you're getting further and further from sort of the ground truth. So subsequent to all that, I decided that this was completely unacceptable, pushed the Wall Street Journal to retract or update their story, which, to their credit, they did do. It was a pretty milquetoast correction, in my opinion. I mean, journalists never want to correct themselves. That's all they have. It's their pride. So the fact that we even got what I think was a meager correction was still a huge win. And I then also put together a bounty program to get our community of on chain wizards to actually look at this data and try and ascertain what the actual number was. And that's the process we're in right now. I think I've paid out 15 bounties. I said that they would be $500 a piece, but I could flex that up. So I've paid out a few thousand dollars in bounties. I've like $30,000 left in the bounty pool. So I still want people to do this analysis. We haven't gotten to the bottom of it. And the other thing we'd like to do is to get the signatories to the Elizabeth Warren letter to actually retract their signatures. Now that the epistemic environment has really been muddied. So thats where we stand right now. And so I think just by getting the Wall Street Journal to moderate their language has been a huge key win, and one that we almost never get as an industry. But we need to basically keep pushing and explain that you cant be that definitive with this on chain data, which is very ambiguous, very complex, very hard to reason about that was kind of wildly overstated by the WSJ and by Warren herself.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's one thing to say, like, look, we have confirmation that there was $130 million raised. Like, that's totally fine. It's totally fine if you have evidence of wrongdoing and say, oh, well, here's what happened. It's not fine to just sort of basically live in the world of innuendo and say, look, it kind of looks vaguely like something like this was going on on chain, and therefore, crypto is very dangerous and it's being used to fund Hamas. In fact, one of the most striking things about the story is that we know, as Tom, I think Tom mentioned this last time, Hamas has backed off from crypto donations precisely because the fact that they're not getting any and they keep getting frozen. And so to the extent that we have conduits already within crypto to go after bad actors and people who in general, we don't want to be doing business with, or who are sanctioned, for that matter, they already get the message. That's why they're not raising money through crypto is because they know it's a terrible way to do it.
Speaker B: Yeah, there's two, there's two more things to note there. So the cluster addresses that seemed affiliated with Hamas, maybe, or affiliates, they ceased activity when, uh, contemporaneously with the seizure order going out, which was pretty damaging, I would say, like, you know, funds were seized in tether terms, binance accounts, receives. There was this one fundraiser run by Gaza now where they raised $21,000. So not a huge amount. 2000 of it was frozen on binance. 9000 was frozen by tether itself. So the authorities are actually pretty good at interdicting this stuff. When someone contributes to a public fundraiser, they can also be associated with Hamas directly. So now theres a chain stretching back to them. So what Hamas said was, hey, to protect our donors, we don't want to raise money. It was actually al Kasam, which is an affiliate of Hamas, to protect our donors, we don't want to raise money in crypto. So while you have the organization itself saying, hey, we actually want to focus on other sources of funding. We don't want to focus on crypto. It's pretty visible and in some cases can be frozen at the same time. You have Elizabeth Warren, the Wall Street Journal, very confidently saying this is a major source of ongoing fundraising for them. And thats just a crazy juxtaposition to me.
Speaker E: Okay. I was going to say, based on the information you do have currently, with the current level of analysis that youve been able to gather, can you put together a range of what you think the total fundraising that Hamas received in crypto transactions was? If its not 130 million, whats the magnitude? And what do you think the best knowledgeable range is, in your opinion?
Speaker B: Yeah, it's very hard. And so I have my minions out there doing the analysis. What we haven't had so far, as someone who works at chain analysis weigh in directly, which is kind of what we need, because ultimately the main database here is which addresses literally are concretely known to be affiliated. We don't have any details on the methodology used by the israeli intelligence, so we cant have high confidence in that. I will say that the PIJ linked order. So there were three orders. The third one was the PIJ linked one. The other one that Bitok profiled. Its very unclear to me that theyre actually Hamas affiliates. I havent actually seen evidence of that. So the PIJ linked order was $93 million, was acclaimed total flows. There was duplication in those flows because it appears to me that elliptic was counting intermediate transactions within the cluster as part of the total flow, which is wrong.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker B: You can't just add up the nominal flows, especially if one wallet sending to an affiliate wallet, then you're double counting. So I think there was at least a 15% overestimate there. But then the ultimate thing is there were also what look like exchange wallets or broker wallets that were in that sample. And those, I think should probably be stripped out because they may have been facilitating this stuff, but they weren't exclusively terrorist financing. So I would say my upper range right now is kind of the sort of $80 million range. But within that $80 million range, I think a large portion of that is non Hamas linked wallets that were just basically brokers. But, yeah, hopefully in a weeks time I can come back to you with a better answer.
Speaker C: Well, Nick, sorry, I know very little about blockchain analysis. Why would you care about the flows and not the stock? Isn't what we care how much money they got in the end, as opposed to how much money was going through a thing?
Speaker B: Yeah, honestly, to me, it makes the whole concept here is wrong, because if you are counting up nominal flows between addresses, you're going to get a crazy high figure, right? For sure you care about the stock. Obviously, their methodology, as far as I can tell, was to add up the inbound transactions to every address in the cluster on a per address basis without contemplating the linkages or the relationships between the addresses. So of course you're going to inflate the figure. Of course you're going to inflate the figure.
Speaker E: It sounds like to me, the most important number when determining how viable this channel was for them is how much money were they actually able to receive and spend on terrorist purposes. And it sounds like, yes, the numbers are potentially still large of how much they received, but it also sounds like a lot was seized and didn't actually get into their hands, therefore able to be spent. And it sounds like whatever the number is, it's going to be drastically lower than the headlines. And as a percent of the total funds transmitted, it's going to be a fraction of it versus other channels. I saw on Twitter there was going around a photo of three suitcases of physical currency that was going to Gaza, and people were mad at Netanyahus government because it was aid money in the form of bills in suitcase. It seems like that's a situation where 100% of what was transferred was likely received and able to be spent, versus, in this example, it being seized along the way, it not being a suitable channel for them and not one that they're looking to repeat due to its unsuccessful nature.
Speaker C: Yeah, the whole point of the story is that the money was seized. Right? Like, they didn't get that money. That's why that's the big number comes from that money was taken away from Hamas.
Speaker E: Yeah, they learned the hard way that it's a shitty way to raise money. It's not anonymous, and it gets seized.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, Tether is actually really active in terms of responding to law enforcement. I think this is a myth that people have about Tether, that they don't listen to western law enforcement. That's all they do. They have 20 employees and one of them is Paolo, and 19 of them are these guys that just get emails from law enforcement and then they freeze the addresses. Tether has actually been really active here. Tether and binance are both under a ton of pressure to do this, so I can assure you this is what they're doing.
Speaker E: Do you have any sizing, based on what's publicly available, of how much total assets tether is frozen just in aggregate over the last six years.
Speaker B: Oh, man.
Speaker D: There's a dune dashboard for.
Speaker B: There is a dude. I was going to say.
Speaker C: But Tether has blacklisted more addresses than USDC, which most people have the opposite impression. But as Nick mentioned, no tether. They're on top of this stuff. Yeah, look, I don't tend to claim it's perfect, but they are certainly responsive to law enforcement, especially when it comes to stuff like this.
Speaker B: And, I mean, this is the thing about stablecoin, fiat backed, stable coins, right. Is you can't freeze cash at a distance, but you can freeze stable coins at a distance. So it doesn't surprise me that it's not that useful for terrorist financing, obviously.
Speaker E: Right. Those suitcases are riding in a car right now. Unless you're in that car, there's no ability to ever.
Speaker C: There's a great quote. I think it was in the Senate hearing about the whole financial crypto terrorist thing. Terrorist financing. There's this guy, Doctor Shlomit Wagman, who is the former director general of the Israel Money Laundering and terrorism Finance Prohibition Authority, who said crypto is currently a very small part of the puzzle for terrorist financing. In the case of Hamas, quote, most of the funds are still being transferred by the traditional channels, including banks, money transmitters, payment systems, money exchanges, trade based terrorist financing, charity, cash, and shell companies.
Speaker B: So I found a Dune dashboard dating that I stopped running, I guess, in April of this year, where they list $460 million frozen.
Speaker D: Yeah, that's what I'm looking at.
Speaker B: That's maybe the most recent one.
Speaker D: They did not migrate over the new Dune query engine. So, Shogun, if you're listening to this podcast, you got to migrate your query over Shogun.
Speaker C: Migrate your goddamn query. You're ruining our show. All right, we're gonna. We're gonna add. We're gonna add shogun. Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker E: We fork is Dune migrant.
Speaker C: Yeah, please, please. But just go in there, edit the. Edit the. Can you add comments on tune dashboards? Yeah.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker C: You can't, like, go and edit his and just, like, add a line. Migrate your.
Speaker E: Tom, if you tweet this right now, by the end of this show, we're gonna have an active dune dashboard that the community is made.
Speaker C: So just, like, we just shopping blog Dune dashboard. Yeah, 100%. When you start chopping blog dude account.
Speaker B: One thing people don't know is tether is more active in freezing addresses than USDC. Like, tether loves to freeze addresses.
Speaker C: I did just say that. So I hope they know by now. Sorry, I think I said that, like 20 seconds ago. You might have heard it from me. Nick. Yeah.
Speaker B: Brain ain't working. Brain not working.
Speaker C: Okay, good.
Speaker D: I think, Robert, you touched on this point, though, which is, I feel like kind of like the missing part of this story I never understood, which is like. And maybe this is my naivete, but it's like, okay, but how are they spending the money? Like, are they paying Hamas members with tether? Are they buying arms with tether? Like, where are those people then spending the money? I feel like there's a whole missing half of the story, which doesn't make any fucking sense. And no one has ever really in depth explained, like, this entire sort of life cycle.
Speaker E: Right. What do the off ramps look like? I don't think there's some, like, crypto exchange that. And by the way, this is a really naive question. What is the actual currency that Gaza uses?
Speaker C: Someone should know someone go ask. Tragic bt. I have no idea.
Speaker E: Okay. Well, yeah, the key question is, how do you get from a shekels?
Speaker B: Oh, they're using israeli shekels or shekels in Gaza.
Speaker E: So the suitcases of money that people are mad at Netanyahu over were shekels. So its the same currency. So the question then is, whats the off ramp between crypto to shekels that Hamas is using?
Speaker C: Yeah, maybe theyre getting the money back into Israel to then go offloaded off crypto exchanges.
Speaker E: Right. If youre following the money, I havent seen that process. And I feel like thats an easy offering for Israeli, you know, counterterrorism and money laundering and, you know, the us financial system and, like, the courts to be able to target is like, who's the bad actor?
Speaker C: That's going to be clear. That is what happened, right? That is like, when Israel is like, that's the yo go get them, right?
Speaker E: They kept it on finance.
Speaker C: They're doing it so well that Hamas is like, let's give up on crypto. Sounded good in theory. In practice, it sucks to. Because Israel keeps finding us and taking the money away, right?
Speaker E: Did they get any of it off of binance into shekels?
Speaker B: I mean, this is the kind of reporting we should expect from the journalists, right? It's not just sort of like vague insinuations based on, like, clusters of on chain data that nobody understands. It should be, hey, we identified these AK 47s were purchased with tether, but not that leg of the story has not at all been uncovered at all.
Speaker E: And you know why, Nick? Because it's incredibly easy for you and everybody to trace the flow of crypto transactions. It's basically impossible for the public at large to be able to analyze a fiat transaction.
Speaker B: Yeah. And Hamas had a Barclays account. They had a Barclays account, too. So should we shut down?
Speaker E: Well, Barclays has a history of, you know, money laundering, bad behavior.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah. Well, but I will. I will just add that the other reason why we don't have stories about people, you know, Hamas buying a K 47s with tethers is because the tethers keep getting fucking frozen. So let's just. Let's just bring it back there. That. Yeah, the reason why the other leg isn't happening is because it isn't happening, which is why Hamas moved away from crypto. So I just want. I want to make sure that everyone underlines that that's the backdrop of the whole fucking story, is that Hamas, like, you don't need to argue about why should Hamas use crypto or not use crypto. They already figured out they shouldn't use crypto. So we don't need to give them more of incentive to not use crypto. Like, this is not a big problem that needs solving. The problem has solved itself already. So going in and saying, ah, well, but we need to add all these extra rules, and we need to make sure we KYC every single wallet, and we need to make sure that, you know, unhosted wallets now are, you know, have enhanced KYC applied to them. We don't need to do any of that because the problem is already solved.
Speaker E: The issue, though, is that I, like roughly 20% of our legislators at the federal level, don't think it's been solved.
Speaker C: Exactly.
Speaker B: They're operating on bad information.
Speaker E: Exactly.
Speaker C: Yeah, exactly. Which is at least what we do in this show. I want to at least underline that part of this story, because otherwise I feel like it's easy to get lost in the hulk or fuffle.
Speaker B: But even pro crypto legislators signed this letter. I went through the whole list, and there are some guys on there that are staunchly pro crypto, but on this matter, it's like the Nash, the Natsack part of their brain takes over, and, like, that's more important than the crypto advocacy.
Speaker C: Yeah. And the reality is that it's so hard to undo an incorrect story that feels true, and the idea that crypto is good for terrorist financing feels true. It just does. And it's even true for people like me and you. We understand intuitively why the story feels right and why having a bunch of people on the Internet yelling at you telling you, no, it's not. And it's hard to analyze on chain data. You're like, oh, these people, they work for the crypto lobby or whatever. But to me, the most obvious answer to this is, like, Hamas stopped taking crypto, dude. Like, Hamas already stopped doing it, because it's so bad like this. Before you showed up, before you started yelling that crypto is bad and we should ban all of it. They already stopped doing it. That's how bad it is. They didn't stop using cash. They didn't stop using shell companies. They didn't stop using banks. They stopped using crypto on their own, even though crypto is fucking free. Speaker one.
Speaker B: And when we're at the point where we're trying to explain the nuances of on chain analysis to senators, like, we've already lost at that point, because they're never. They can invest the time to understand that, of course. I mean, it's a very difficult subject. They don't want to be lectured about it.
Speaker E: Right. Well, I think the more valuable thing, then, is to find the things that are directly responsible, like, to find the bank, whether it's Barclays or to find, you know, the actual institution that was facilitating crime and terrorism, and to try to hold them accountable, because it's the 99.9% of the financing that's not getting talked about. More of a spotlight needs to be shed on.
Speaker C: I don't think that works, man. I don't think that works. I don't think you're going to convince Elizabeth Warren that, oh, the problem of the bank. I mean, she already hates banks, fine. But the problem is not the existing regulated system. I think to my mind, and I could be. Look, I'm not a political strategist, so I don't know what the fuck I'm talking about. But to my mind, I think the part of the story that's compelling is that what does it mean for Hamas to say, we're no longer accepting crypto donations, putting up an address and saying, send money here is free. There's no upkeep. You don't have to do anything. You just leave it up there. They took it down. What does it mean? They took it down? That means that it's actively harmful to them to have this address up, because so much of the money that people would otherwise be sending there gets taken by Israel. So the money goes to Israel. Money is like, no, no. Israel. Yeah, you don't get this stuff. This is for terrorists who are trying to attack us. We will take this instead right. It actually hurts Hamas to have money in crypto as opposed to having a Barclays bank account. So actually crypto is like, crypto is actually better for the good guys than a normal banking system type way of receiving money. That feels like that is an actual counter narrative. Like crypto is so much safer that actually it's so bad for Hamas that they don't even want it. Anyway. Sorry, I'm getting worked up over this just because I feel like. But it feels like that story is not getting told. So instead people are fighting this tit for tat kind of thing and it feels like that's never going to gain any traction.
Speaker B: To the credit of the industry, though, I have seen us galvanize around this and normally it's so asymmetric in terms of rebutting a bad story that people don't do it. We just kind of suffer it. In this case, ive seen a lot of work in the press and on the policy side as all just happening behind the scenes right now to just combat the negative effects of this bad story. So im actually really encouraged by the reaction ive seen. I think people realize the stakes are extremely high.
Speaker C: Thats been great to see. And I will say, although we alluded to it before, you have been personally integral in starting this campaign and galvanizing the crypto community behind the story. And it's not the first time you've done it. And so you personally have done a huge public service to the industry. I know you've heard it because you've become crowned the sort of the God king of crypto Twitter, but I wanted to personally say what you're doing for crypto in general is awesome. And you just sort of get, there's.
Speaker B: One piece of alpha which people don't know, which is the reason I did this was because I tore a tendon in my foot last Sunday and I've been in pain for the last week playing paddle, actually. And I was just so mad on Monday morning, mostly because of the pain. That is what actually pissed me off and compounded this whole thing.
Speaker C: So anytime things are going wrong, somebody should come and, like, actively hurt you.
Speaker B: Yeah, thanks, Padell.
Speaker E: I'll remember that ski pass and let him.
Speaker B: I've just been in agony all week and it just pissed me off so much.
Speaker C: Okay. Yeah. I was half imagining that you were going to say the reason why you did this was because you are in the Twitter creator monetization program.
Speaker B: Yeah, I got dollar 200 a month. That's bullshit.
Speaker C: Yeah. Okay. Got it. I didn't realize. Yeah.
Speaker B: Great.
Speaker C: Okay, wonderful. Well, great. Well, I hope that this story ends up with a good resolution. I think right now we're still waiting on the lawmakers who signed up to this story and those who amplify the story to come to grips a little bit with it. But knowing the nature of politics, that might be an unrequited hope.
Speaker B: I think we'll have actual defections from the letter, and I think also in a few weeks time, we'll have actual decent chain analysis, which tells us, with much better position, what the number is. So you can hold me to that?
Speaker C: That would be amazing. Okay, so we've got another story on the docket today, which is about layer zero. There's this drama brewing in the Lido layer zero world. Layer Zero is a interoperability protocol that allows you to bridge from one chain to another, as well as send arbitrary messages. They are competing to try to become the de facto bridge for Lido. Lido has this asset wst ethan, which is basically wrapped staked EtH. And Lido was trying to encourage a bunch of bridging protocols to give proposals to the DaO so that they could become the canonical bridge that Lido tries to concentrate the liquidity so that the liquidity is not fragmented across many bridges. And so many bridges were coming in. Obviously, it's a big prize. Lido is a big protocol, and wrapped ETH is going to end up in a lot of different places. The Lido community got very upset at Layer zero. Actually, one individual in particular, Hasu, who was, I think, like, chief of strategy or something for Lido, if I'm not mistaken. He became very upset at the way that layer zero was sort of pre marketing its bridge as though it had already been accepted by the DAO. And this was accused by Hasu, as well as some other commenters within the layer zero ecosystem, or, sorry, the lido ecosystem, as being a kind of malicious attempt or bad actor type behavior to route around the legitimate governance processes, because people were going to assume that this bridge has already been chosen as a canonical bridge, and it just needs to be essentially ratified as a formality by the Dow. But the Dow now is going to be under this political pressure to not end up doing the full process of evaluating many different bridges. Some people think this is overblown and like, look, this is just an entrepreneur who is marketing their protocol, and that's what you're supposed to do. Other people think that layer zero stepped out of line and what they did was very inappropriate, want to go around the room here and get reactions. What you thought of this whole drama, if this was really a big deal, if this is a minor hiccup, or if it deserves the vitriol, it's getting on crypto Twitter. Nick, what's your take?
Speaker B: I have to admit, I haven't been up to date on this one. I don't know. I've been distracted.
Speaker C: Okay. All right, well, we'll let you react after everyone else is reacting. You can react to the reactions.
Speaker B: I'll steal something, they say.
Speaker C: Tom, what's your take?
Speaker D: This feels like an overzealous marketing person who just kind of pulled the trigger on something without thinking about it. I don't get the sense there was a whole, like, you know, master plan with malice behind it when this was sort of put out, but also, like, anyone's came out. Like, the first thought of my mom was like, are people moving, like, rap staked eth to, like, other chains that often, like, if you're on, I don't even know the chains, everything. But if you're on Solana, like, do you really want rap staked eth? I guess maybe if you're on a roll up and started looking and, yeah, I mean, it's like a few percent are on of Rhapsody. They're on roll ups. But Rhapsody is also a small percentage of stake teeth. So it feels like people are really fighting over a very small pie to an extent, but I don't know. I can't speak to the Lido Dao side.
Speaker E: Well, disclosure at robot ventures, we are investors both in Lido and layer zero, so we're biased on all fronts here.
Speaker C: It's all honest misunderstanding. Everyone here is a good boy. Don't you worry, zero.
Speaker E: Love Lido. Love them both. I don't think it's that big of a deal because Lido itself is a permissionless system, and anybody could build their own wrapped wrapper around steak, either. It's an ERC 20 token that rebases. Obviously you want to build a better wrapper for to be able to move around chains and do all this cool stuff. I could go roll my own wrapper for it tonight, you know, by asking chat GPT to fix my broken solidity. But, like, anyone can do this. And, like, I don't think that process of rolling out a new version is a bad thing at all. To Tom's point, it was probably an overzealous intern who, you know, framed it as, like, oh, this is the new canonical version when it was, like, should have been framed as, hey, we made this version, everyone is free to use it if they want, otherwise, like, you don't have to at all. But they were probably just trying to, like, go to market faster. This doesn't seem like that big of a deal, and it seems like something that people argue about when there's nothing better to argue about.
Speaker D: Frankly, I feel like we could do a whole app on, like, dow shenanigans. This also reminds me of what all the shit over, like, the uniswap cross chain governance thing. And it was also, yeah, like, this.
Speaker E: Is all small in comparison into the big crazy dao chaos governance, whatever stuff that exists out there. This is not that big of a deal.
Speaker B: I'm a little surprised at the uproar because don't people permissionlessly bridge assets to other chains all the time without really asking for permission?
Speaker C: Yeah, I think it was the way it was positioned in the marketing that this was the canonical bridge, or, like, it's going to very soon be the canonical bridge. Before the DAO actually started the canonical bridge selection process, they were trying to.
Speaker E: Front run being the most adopted system.
Speaker C: Right. Got it. Yeah, it did feel. I think I more or less agree with Tom that it felt a little bit precious of just getting really upset over what was a retrospective, relatively minor transgression. But I think there was just a lot of built up animus toward layer zero that was coming from a lot of different directions to make this a bigger story. I agree. It was probably. It was not good. They shouldn't have done that slap on the wrist. But this is not like a. This is not a felony. This is like a speeding ticket, kind of. Hey, hey, hey. Don't do that again. We caught you this time. Keep your hand out of the. Out of the cookie jar and back to business. That's what it feels like to me. But I don't know. Clearly there are some people on crypto Twitter who are like, this proves once and for all that layer zero are bad actors. And they're. I don't know, we're trying to get Hasu on the show and maybe we can get his perspective next time he's on.
Speaker D: But it's like the 2017 meme. It's partnership confirmed. You know, it's this. The partnership has been confirmed by one of the part. By one of the partners.
Speaker E: Yeah. Like, at worst, it's like they made up a fake partnership, so to speak. You know, like, there's Dallas out there rugging everybody and, you know, doing actually bad things. Like, people should be focused on, like, the magnitude of actually bad things, not quasi announcing a fake partnership, so to speak.
Speaker C: Fair enough. Fair enough. Well, all right, last story before we wrap. So, DydX, they recently announced that they were migrating to their v four, which is the fully permissionless version of DyDX that lives on a Cosmos SDK based chain. The entire system is now fully decentralized, or at least thats my understanding. Ostensibly, thats whats supposed to have taken place. As a result, after launching onto Mainnet, all the fees from the exchange no longer go to the business, which was DyDX, the C Corp, I assume it was c corpental. Now they are pivoting to a public benefit corporation, a PBC, as Tom says, everyone should know that acronym, which I'd never heard before. But a PBC, a public benefit corporation. Exactly. Public Benefit Corporation, please. Thank you. Basically, what that means is that now the company more or less just services the protocol, and all the fees go directly to the DYDx token. So DydX has rallied on this. But Antonio on Twitter, the founder of DyDx was taking, I think, in this approach that he was taking. He took some potshots at Uniswap, and a lot of this stuff was kind of sneering out of the side of his mouth at what Uniswap did with taking a front end and monetizing the front end and having the company take fees in opposition to the token holders. I felt like great for DoidX. Golf clap. Wonderful. Glad that they finished the move to decentralization, which is great, but it does, I think, for me, since we did that show where I ranted about the Uniswap V switch for a while, ive had a lot of people coming to me in agreement, but saying that, they dont feel comfortable saying so publicly. A lot of Defi founders, a lot of l one founders who basically said, yeah, I find that to be really bad behavior, but you kind of cant go on Twitter and say so because youre going to get mobbed by a lot of VC's who have a vested interest in saying, this is great, this is so sustainable. So curious what you guys think about this and whether or not it sheds any perspective on the whole uniswap drama for you.
Speaker E: Well, my quick take is that I feel like DyDx might have taken that approach because their company had already minted oodles and oodles and oodles of cash for themselves. And so they could take the stance of like, oh, Uniswap is so bad, they're turning on fees to their company because they had already done it and filled up the suitcases, metaphorically with shekels and are like past that point. So now it's fun to dunk on your one time quasi competitor, but it doesn't make it right to say, oh, we're a public benefit corporation, we're no longer taking fees. We're done taking fees because we made so many fees. We're good guys.
Speaker C: How much total do they make of is north of 100. Right?
Speaker E: Ive heard its a lot. Yeah. Which is probably way more than the uniswap front end is going to make. Thats a dune dashboard, clearly. But its like, okay, they were basically taking all of the profits from trading on this exchange where the token distribution was incentivizing people to trade, and they got all the fees back to their company. And it was like a stealth Ico for years. And now they're done. They've made enough money. It's like they high five. I don't think they have the moral high ground here. If anything, they shouldn't have been taking all the cash over the last, what, two years? And it should have been going to token holders or to a public benefit corporation or to a foundation or whatever. It seems wild that they minted the truck of money and are now dunking on everyone else for starting that.
Speaker C: All right, well, I will rush to DoidX's defense. Although we are investors in Doidx, albeit very small investors, I would say that there's an element of truth to what you're saying. But at the same time, Uniswap Labs, Uniswap was decentralized from the beginning, more or less. They really could have turned on the physical protocol. Yeah, the protocol could have. DoidX was not decentralized until very recently. And so when they were running DoidX as a central order book exchange, running out of servers in AWS west or whatever, I guess probably not in the US. They were running it like a regular exchange. They didn't take any us customers. They said very clearly, we run this exchange, we have an order book, we have whatever. I don't know, maybe I'm misrepresenting something, but that's my understanding, more or less, of how it was running. And it's really only now that they can say, look, this thing is actually decentralized, and therefore we can start accruing fees to token holders. Uniswap could have been doing that from the very beginning, but they just chose, they have ostensibly chosen not to, and or the token holders have chosen not to. So it does feel different in that respect. Is that dy, DX, if they had the fees accruing to the token holders from the beginning, this thing definitely would have been a security because they're running the fucking order book, right? It's all running on their own servers. And they. And they admitted that very publicly. It's only now that they can say, look, it's not running on our servers anymore. But second, even in the case of DydX or in the case of Uniswap labs, both of them have tokens on the balance sheet. So if it's all about getting $100 million on the balance sheet, both of them, the balance of their tokens is worth more than 100 million. So, okay, go sell 100 million of tokens. OTC, boom, you got 100 million tokens. You got 100 million on the balance sheet. Fees or no fees, doesn't matter. You have the value. If that's what it's about, that's what it's about. But I don't believe that's what it's about.
Speaker B: I think I did tweet criticism of Uniswap, but I think they just didn't find me. But I'm very sympathetic to the critique of Uniswap having pseudo equity and then equity and then picking one as the recipient of shareholder value. And I think it could have been, probably should have been the token, as you say, based on how decentralized they were from effectively day one. So I think that's the case study of the equity cannibalizing the token value. And I'd be very hard done by if I was a token holder. So I think there's a lot of substance to the critique, frankly.
Speaker C: Tom, as the defi maven, what's your take?
Speaker D: I generally agree. I do kind of agree with Robert. Like, is a little rich to be able to be in this position once you've made hundreds of million dollars in fees and you'd be taking the moral high ground. But I mean, I think a lot of times founders will sort of draw this Mongo, MongoDB, red Hat, fedora kind of comparison where it's like, oh, you got the automatic having the SaaS product and you have the WordPress that's making the software. The difference is there isn't a WordPress token. And people don't think that they're buying into WordPress governance and they're spending their money on it. And that is, I think, inherently the issue with this. I also was kind of thinking a little bit about OpenSeA. Opensea application centralized server. They take a fee, they make money on fees on the volume. They also have Seaport. It's the open source exchange settlement protocol, anybody can use it. A lot of other NFT exchanges use it. No one is mad that OpenSeA is taking fees on top of C port. The open source software that they helped because there's no c port dao, there's no seaport token, there's no sense of seaport ownership and governance, it's some software you can use if you want it. And it feels like maybe that's how Uniswap should have been from the beginning. But then incentives, timeline, all these sort of things sort of force it into one corner but on the Dydx front we'll see. I think the other nice benefit of having a for profanity is I think it just kind of drives the right sort of shipping speed and motivation and incentives. When you sort of have this fire to your butt versus public benefit corporation or nonprofit who is really going to be sweating midnights trying to ship out product on time if there isnt sort of that pressure to ship so well see how things go. I wish them the best and obviously as you said we are investors in Dydx but I think its hard to keep that same startup energy and shipping speed when you dont necessarily have to.
Speaker C: I dont know if I buy this story because at the end of the day all these founders have a shitload of tokens and everyone knows where their tokens are on chain. The thing that's making Antonio work really hard for Dydx is not that it's a C Corp and not a PBC. The thing that's making work really hard is that he owns a shitload of tokens and he has a big vested interest and if he wanted to try to sell that vested interest Dydx would take and everyone would run for the hills and this thing would just fall apart. It's the same thing when you're a founder and your equity fully vests. Founders don't just like automatically peace out the moment that their equity hits four years right? They generally stick around. Now what mechanism keeps them around? It's not that we like. Oh well now that it's four years you're just going to go up and run away. So we're going to make you revest your equity or we're going to give you more equity or we're going to do. Usually none of that happens. Instead people, yeah they can leave but if they did they'd be destroying the value of the thing they created because they are the best leader for it. And this thing would be less valuable if he were to get up and bounce.
Speaker D: That is kind of the question is like, I guess not so much, Antonio, but are employees getting compensated with tokens? Is there incentive alignment there? I know in a lot of scenarios for the for profit, you aren't actually getting any tokens. Yeah, the company has tokens on the balance sheet, but you're just getting equity. And I mean, maybe this always comes down to the same issue of double dipping, different shareholder classes, misalignment. It all kind of feels like different sides of the same coin.
Speaker C: So the one thing that it does feel like a thing, and maybe you had some experience with this at zero x, right. In the early days, when the protocol first begins, you give people tokens. And then, especially when you're in a bull market, the tokens go up and down. Some people are like, wow, I'm super rich. And then other people are like, why, I'm super underwater. And you just get these wild swings in how people feel like they're being compensated. Some people are basically like, great, I'm going to go retire. And other people are like, wow, I totally missed the boat. And whereas when you give people equity with the equity, it's like, well, it's kind of priced in this way. That's vague, not quite clear, and liquidity is very far away and so everyone's got that obfuscation, I guess you could call it, seems to be helpful at just keeping people focused. How do you feel about that? You went through this at zero x?
Speaker D: Yeah. Early liquidity is a blessing and a curse, I think maybe more a curse in most scenarios. I think it's not unprecedented though. You look at small cap tech companies, their stocks down 95% and thats why you see a lot of companies shifting towards yearly vesting and sort of true upping, where the amount of equity that you get is based on a dollar amount per year. You dont get a fixed package of stock at the time. Or hey, maybe the stocks down real bad. Youll get trued up to a value that is more comparable to the value it should be. I mean, I think in terms of incentive alignment, that is kind of the issue is, hey, as soon as these things start to diverge, my ownership starts to diverge inherently, people are going to be incentivized differently. And I think for startups, kind of the talent that you want, the people that you want are people who are hungry and they want upside and they don't just want to work at a foundation and collect a paycheck and put in 40 hours. And I don't know if you're going to get the same kind of people when there isn't that kind of collective upside.
Speaker C: Robert, you saw some element of this as well at compound labs. What's your take on this?
Speaker E: Well, I think long term, simpler is better. And the less entities, the more simple. I think just from a first principles perspective, the less possible things that could be an issue, the less things that are going to be an issue. I think there should be a single, you know, economic structure. I think it's probably cleaner. I think it's simpler. I think over time, the world will probably gravitate towards, you know, hopefully a system. And I think we said this on, like, an episode ago, you know, where there's just a protocol and just a token and nothing else. It's just that, like, you can't start that way. It's impossible to raise money and, like, hire employees and, like, do all these things without some entity there. And so I think the missing link is just going to be like, well, how do you, like, start with a non equity, non company beginning point, so that you can just get to an ending result of protocol and token. And I think that's going to be an approach that future entrepreneurs take as they figure it out. They figure out the legal structures of how they can get things going. But I don't think things should necessarily start as a company because it starts it off on a slightly more complex footing. Right from day one.
Speaker C: Got it. Nick, we got a wrap. But it's been a pleasure having you on the show. What should we be looking out for over the next week? What's got you excited?
Speaker B: Well, I have, like, 30 grand in bounties left to pay out. So if you work for chainalysis or you're a low level compliance officer, in exchange and you have access to the software, please illegally use it to satisfy my bounty. Please. I'm like, please legally use it.
Speaker C: We do not endorse your employer on the show. No, personally, but we don't, as a.
Speaker B: Show, use the software and tell me, let's get to the bottom of this thing. We'll get the real data out there, and then we'll conquer the Wall Street Journal once and for all. Enforce a true redaction. So that's what I'm trying to do.
Speaker C: Amazing, Nick. I thought Wall Street Journal was one of the good guys. Me too. Are we wrong now is Wall Street Journal. Now the enemy? Is that the conclusion, if you're a.
Speaker B: Press organization and thousands of crypto bros are harassing your journalists, then you're going to dig in your heels for sure. But, yeah, normally they're good. I'm very disappointed with the coverage here. I think they got very excited that Elizabeth Warren was using their thing for her advocacy. And so there are some bad incentives there in the newsroom. But, yeah, ordinarily, I actually love the journal for sure.
Speaker C: Well, I read the Wall Street Journal every day and disappointed to see that they got this one wrong. But it sounds like things are moving in the right direction. With large thanks to your great work. So, Nick, thank you for your service. You are the man. And we'll be back very soon, hopefully with good news. Thanks, everybody.
