Speaker A: You know, everyone talks about this idea that, like, own your data and, like, get paid for your data. The reality is your data's probably not worth anything. But there is a version of the world where you, as a person with an audience, can actually choose to amplify things and then actually participate. On the upside, in a programmatic way, not a dividend.
Speaker B: It's a tale of tuqan.
Speaker C: Now. Your losses are on someone else's balance sheet.
Speaker D: Generally speaking, airdrops are kind of pointless anyways.
Speaker C: I'm trading firms who are very involved.
Speaker A: I like that.
Speaker B: ETH is the ultimate honesty.
Speaker C: Defi protocols are the antidote to this problem. Hello, everybody. Welcome to the chopping block. Every couple weeks, the four of us get together and give the industry insiders perspective on the crypto topics of the day. So quick intros. First, you got Tom, the Defi maven in master of memes.
Speaker D: Hello, everyone.
Speaker C: Next, we've got Tarun the Giga brain and grand poo bah at Gauntlet.
Speaker A: Aloha.
Speaker C: And joining us today, we've got Dan, the Duke of decentralized dialogue at Farcaster.
Speaker B: What?
Speaker A: Thanks for having me.
Speaker B: How long did that one take you, Haseeb?
Speaker C: I thought that was pretty good. Thank you. And then I'm Haseeb, the head hype man at Dragonfly. We are early stage investors in crypto, but I want to caveat that nothing we say here is investment advice, legal advice, or even life advice. Please see chopping block XYZ for more disclosures. So, man of the hour. Dan, it's great to have you on the show. We just spent the last episode gushing about how much you have been kicking ass with Farcaster. And we thought it made sense to get you on the show personally, to have you tell the world and tell us the story of Farcaster. I know that you've been grinding on this project for a long time, and it's now suddenly had its moment of being sort of shining the crypto spotlight directly on what you're building. How does it feel? I know that you've been kind of toiling in the doldrums of crypto on decentralized social. Talk to us about what that's like.
Speaker A: Yeah. So let's start off with a caveat, is we're not out of the woods quite yet. I mean, we've had a lot of growth in the last two weeks, about ten x, which is always good to have fall out of the sky. But there's a lot of work left to do, especially if we want to compare ourselves to what we should be comparing is web two, right? So if you take any web two social network, Farcaster is still kind of a blip relative to the size and scale. That said, I think we're really excited because we're finally in a place where I think we're in the conversation, as you point out in that it was this sideshow before, whereas now I think people are starting to pay attention to farcaster within the crypto native world. All the crypto native companies have reached out one way or another. They want to get their brand account set up. Definitely an inflection point in the sense that, um, I think people are aware of what we're doing and I think it's on us now to kind of like, figure out, okay, how do we cross the chasm to the kind of next ten x and the next ten x after that? Um, I think if we get to something on the order of, you know, we're about 50,000 daily active users of the protocol today, I think we can get to something like 5 million. Then it starts to become, I think, real from a kind of like Lindy, it's probably not going to go away anytime soon. And obviously, if you get to something like 50 million people using the protocol, and again, it can be across a bunch of different apps, then I think you start to have a conversation that maybe it is becoming more mainstream. And I think a good proxy for that is Coinbase has about 100 million people who have an account with KYC. So if you can get to some level of their total user base, obviously they don't have 50 million people using the app every day, you probably are starting to crack in the mainstream. And then obviously, if you can get 50 million people to be using the protocol every day, then, then it's actually something that normal people are clearly using. I don't think there are 50 million crypto natives that are using any app or any chain right now.
Speaker C: So I wrote a tweet a little while back, looking back at the stats for FriendTech, which people might remember was the viral social, the socialfi application that took off. I think it was like last summer, maybe late summer, and it basically went from kind of peak virality to then totally falling off a cliff within about four months. And in response to posting that chart, Vitalik actually responded something that he said, I'm registering a prediction. Farcaster and lens will not be deserted in four months or in one year. It seems like now there's increasing convergence that what Friendtech was doing with respect to connecting money and speculation with social was the wrong avenue, or maybe is just likely to result in this kind of bubble, speculative behavior. How did you think about that? And what did you take away from seeing what happened with Friendtech last year?
Speaker A: So, yeah, let me start off with, I feel like people tend to try to create beef between frontech and Farcaster because I think generally there's just not that much going on in consumer crypto. So naturally, like, hey, let's try to generate drama. I'm not saying that you were trying to do that. No issue with Frontec. I actually think they had some very clever things that they did, especially around taking advantage of the PWA changes that Apple released last year. And they were kind of first out of the gate on that. And I think cemented something that I.
Speaker C: PWA being progressive web.
Speaker A: Progressive web app. And I think something that I just like Hammer home with crypto founders, especially in the consumer space, is if you're not building on mobile, you don't matter. 85% of usage of forecaster is mobile. If you look at Twitter, they've released minutes usage. Elon tweeted this, I think, a couple months ago, 88% of usage of Twitter is mobile. I think Instagram obviously is 90, 95%. So the fact that you had a mobile app that they built, clearly they know what they're doing in terms of building for consumer crypto. I think the thing that I've always tried to figure out is social networks are built off of status. And Eugene Wei has a famous essay on the status as a service, which I think is a good articulation of these points. And I think one challenging thing about status is it's something that's earned and you cannot buy status. Right. Everyone. Humans are really good at knowing about people who've tried to buy their status. They come off as inauthentic or fake. And I think proof of work is actually something that humans value implicitly, especially in kind of social networks. And I think generally, if you think about social networks, what kind of itches do they scratch for consumers? Why do people use them? A. They tend to use them from a leisure standpoint, right. They're not using them professionally for work. I mean, obviously Twitter kind of blends that. Obviously, LinkedIn is a lot more. But generally, why do people use social networks? It's. They're spending time, like passing time, and they're using it for either an entertainment or frankly, it's. They're trying to meet other people. Right? So the dating apps are kind of a certain type of social network, and so if you don't actually solve for one of those two things, it's very difficult to create sustained long term usage as a social network. And again, I think it less to do with friend tech as much as just when you're building consumer products, you have to kind of tap into latent consumer behaviors that they didn't even know what they wanted.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker A: Like consumer preferences. They're going to tell you one thing, and then they're actually going to do a completely different thing. The consumers are very aspirational, and I think you have to. And it's not like we have some crazy insight, but I think, like, ultimately, sustained social networks are fundamentally built around something that is a deep seated, like, kind of need for a human and their willingness to kind of keep coming back to the app every single day.
Speaker B: So, wait. Also, I want to. I want to name and shame a little bit. I think. I think neither Haseeb nor Tom have a farcaster account.
Speaker D: That's not true.
Speaker A: I have a very early 103, so actually. Okay.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker D: I don't even know if you can have a farcaster account.
Speaker A: Yeah, Tom came in like a. Kind of like a, you know, bat out of hell in early 2021. When I was onboarding, people dropped a few memes and then disappeared, which, I mean, is basically the story for everybody. So I hold nothing against anybody on that.
Speaker C: Yeah, no, I legit.
Speaker A: Do not.
Speaker C: So I will take that. I was so I was. I did say on the last show that I'm, like, basically a boomer, and I try to avoid, like, I'm. I am terrified that farcaster will actually take off, like, another hundred x, and then I have to get on. But I am very much like late majority when it comes to consumer. What is that? Early majority? Late majority, whatever. I'm like, right at the 50% mark. Basically, once everyone else is on, I'm like, oh, fuck, I got it. I got to get. Was the same thing with Clubhouse.
Speaker A: Everybody was working out, peaked and went down, right?
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. But I did eventually get on right when the second half of people were getting on board to clubhouse, and I was very angry about it.
Speaker B: But the interesting thing about Clubhouse was people rotated their clubhouse following into other social networks, like Clubhouse crash, and then they moved their followings into Twitter, which I thought was. That was an interesting piece of social media history. I don't know if you've seen such a big, like, almost everyone moved as a platform crashed type of thing.
Speaker A: Well, there's a little inside baseball there. By the way, is that Twitter, the only reason Twitter was able to launch spaces is that they had an internal team, that this was an era when Twitter wasn't innovating at all. From a product standpoint, it's like pre Elon. They're moving at a glacial pace. They just happened to have a team that had been redoing some webRTC stuff related to periscope when clubhouse had its moment. It's like they had a brand new, shiny core of being able. WebRTC is the protocol that actually allows you to do the audio. And so they were able to just kind of quickly relative to Twitter speed at that point, launch spaces, any version of the world where they hadn't worked on that, I actually think Twitter would have never launched it. And then basically clubhouse probably would have gotten to some place where clearly it was the place to do audio. And I think they got a Covid bump. But I think what was challenging is Twitter's copy in the same way that, frankly, Instagram Stories and Snapchat, who originated the stories concept, when you have more distribution and you're able to copy a core feature, it gets really difficult as a standalone app to actually build it off of that kind of like one breakthrough feature.
Speaker C: My impression, though, of the downfall of, I mean, this is a little bit of a tangent, but my impression of the downfall of kind of, what is it? Real time audio, social audio, whatever, was that it was just a Covid thing. Right? Like, even Twitter spaces, relative to what. Relative to what it was doing during the pandemic, is just much, much lower engagement today. Yeah, it was just a pandemic behavior.
Speaker A: Yeah. I think that there's probably some kind of blending of what we're doing right now. We're using a podcast recording studio. You have a couple of these that exist, and the idea that kind of almost like you could do a live podcast that then easily turns into the content. I think most of the kind of broadcast platforms are audio only. There's no video, and it doesn't make it easy. So I think at some point someone will figure it out and then it'll kind of be this superfans get the live show right, maybe a little unedited, a little bit more fun, and then kind of, you can consume all of that content, async. And I think that clubhouse wasn't able to kind of figure that out fast enough before kind of losing people's interests.
Speaker C: So clubhouse does illustrate a broader point, actually, that I think you mentioned, Eugene Wei, his status as a service blog post, which for anybody who's interested in social. I highly recommend reading that post. It's a, it's kind of a masterpiece.
Speaker B: It's actually like a decade old now, right? More than that.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's pretty crazy. It's really old.
Speaker B: No, I think it's like 2016. Well, I think it was eight years. Yeah, that's a lot. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: It's pre ethereum being on the map.
Speaker B: Yeah, I like, I remember, I remember, like, being a different person when I read that post.
Speaker C: Right. Okay, fair enough. Fair enough. Well, so the point that I want to make is that one of the things that Eugene points out is that, generally speaking, when a new social media platform is able to really take on a life of its own and potentially supplant the previous generation, is when there's a modality shift. So you go from short form text to long form text or long form text to images, images to video to short form video. Theres generally some kind of shift. And Clubhouse was an example of that. Right. There was this modality shift of, okay, were doing real time these audio shows, essentially, and that allowed new social networks to form a new kind of status competition for people who are very good at that, who werent necessarily good at podcasts or werent necessarily good at TikTok or whatever. How do you think of that in the context of with what you're doing with Farcaster, which, which seems to be pretty directly laden over what Twitter is doing?
Speaker A: Yeah. So that's why I spent three years in the wilderness and not having kind of anyone pay attention for the most part, because what we were doing is building table stakes for, you know, in 2024, you kind of have to have, you know, the mobile app at a certain level of polish, you need the kind of base level features, likes retweet equivalents, all that kind of stuff needs to kind of be there. And then we were searching for what is our social primitive? What is the thing that is uniquely differentiated about Barcaster relative to Twitter? Otherwise, people just say it's a Twitter clone. And going back to the reason people churn, and this is obvious in retrospect, but I go onboard all these people in 2021, I have a pretty sophisticated network, both within Silicon Valley and crypto. So if you look at the initial thousand people on the network, there's some pretty heavy hitters there and everyone left. Right? Why they have massive audiences on Twitter.
Speaker B: Like Tom.
Speaker A: They spent a decade building those audiences. Like, why would you go from having 100,000 or 200,000 people on Twitter who follow? You get the dopamine of all those likes to go into this new network, I mean, maybe other than the ideologically pure person like Vitalik, who has 5 million followers on Twitter, doesn't matter. I'm going to use this really small social network because it's ethereum line. I think ultimately people are just rational and they're not going to go spend time on that. And so, especially in a world where it's basically just like Twitter but way smaller. So two things. One from that Eugene Wei essay talks about, most new social networks have a new social, new ability that get minted. Are they basically the people who like emigrate from the other one because they are like the losers of the algorithm or they're too far behind and they show up to the new one and kind of like showing up to a new country, and then they build the new elite there because they were early, and then they benefit from the growth of the network, which I think we've seen with farcasters. There's a lot of new faces who have actually big followings at Farcaster because they had kind of done the compounding early enough. And I think the second thing, and this goes back to the social primitive, is frames. Frames basically was the first thing that we launched that I think kind of people could crystallize around saying, oh, that is interesting and different, and it fundamentally is social. Right. It's taking a link, which obviously in a previous era, Twitter was very good about sharing links. I remember the era of Twitter where that's where I'd go to find interesting links on the Internet. And now we're in an era of Twitter saying, if you put a link in the first tweet, we're going to nerf you in the algo. So you take the link, but then you say, because that's what a frame is. Ultimately, it's just a link. And we said, what can we add on top of it that makes it both interactive? And then I think more crypto native? And so very quickly, you had all of this experimentation and creativity coming from developers. And that, I think was the catalyst to start pulling people in from an attention standpoint to say, wow, theres actually a bunch of cool things that I can go do on this. And if I am into NFTs or Im into meme coins or whatever, theres a frame for that. I think that is the area that now I think were doubling down on because its saying, okay, this is actually something that a, a social network where you have a strong guarantee that every user under the hood has an ethereum wallet in order to use the network, you have cryptographic key pair underneath. And so there's a lot of creative freedom that developers can do. And I think that took us three years, but I think we found something that, okay, let's try to double down on this and see how far we can grow it.
Speaker C: So if you look at Twitter today, anybody who posts on Twitter with, and if you touch crypto in any way, the first thing you notice about Twitter is that it is overrun with bots, with scams, with anytime you post anything, there's just like 15 blocked comments below the fold that are telling you to do some giveaway or whatever. And right now, well, so as a not active user of forecaster, I have to ask, how do you think about moderation and how do you think about the inevitable influx of scammers and these kinds of elements of crypto given that you were running such a crypto native community?
Speaker A: Yeah, so a couple of different things. The first is in order to sign up for Farcaster, and at this point, the protocol is actually permissionless. So you don't need to use our app Warpcast, which is the reference app, anyone could. If you want to build your own client and directly interact with the smart contract, you're able to do that. But everyone has to pay dollar five. So you actually have to pay in order to create an account.
Speaker C: So right there, $75 to whom?
Speaker A: To the protocol. Theres a smart contract, theres a treasury contract. Its accumulating eth that gate by itself. Okay, so every time you want to create a spam account, its going to cost you $5. And then the second layer comes in where our app warpcast, we are pretty aggressive about labeling accounts as spammy. And whats interesting about that is it actually is unaffected, your account is unaffected at the protocol. But in terms of the attention of all the people on Warpcast, in the same way that Gmail can label any email it wants spammy, and ultimately, if you want the attention of a user of Gmail, you need to actually follow their rules. That is the second layer of, okay, wait, so if I go and I try to start spamming people, I'm going to get my account labeled as spam by the Warpcast team automated manual right now. Then I am out $5 because I get no distribution. Now you can get to a world where people get sophisticated on this, but I actually think just by having cost and then the ability to lose distribution, that is a natural regulating force on people's behavior. I think the third thing and part of this is just we are much smaller. And we need to make this work from a quality standpoint is we can pull in a bunch of other signals because there's an on chain element. So most of the people who are signing up for forecaster actually connect an Ethereum address. We're about to add Solana addresses. We can actually use that as this public ability to look at address, analyze it, and say, okay, does this address look like it's spammy or not? Then you have all these additional signals that we can actually use that make it very hard for a programmatic botnet to kind of show up. And I think that if we nail quality early on and we make that a focus just because we have no other alternative, then as we scale, that actually becomes a distinguishing feature of the network. I'm convinced that actually Twitter could go solve their spam problem. I think that they're probably doing it in too automated of a way versus actually being more scrappy, which, frankly, having read the Elon biography and nothing but respect for Elon Musk, he's an american hero. I'm surprised that someone hasn't really gotten in there and fixed it. It actually feels like the crypto spam has gotten back to the level that it was at. It got better for a little bit, but anytime I tweet now, I get all this crypto spam, and I think part of it is just people trying to do everything automated allows the spammers to get through versus actually just getting in their manual. One basic thing is, why am I able to not just have one click ability to label things as spam, as 15 plus user of Twitter, 100,000 followers? And if basically I'm marketing to spam, you should probably trust me at this point. There's a bunch of low hanging fruit that I'm surprised that they haven't done.
Speaker C: So going back to this Gmail analogy, I thought that was an interesting one to contrast with right now, we established Farcaster is totally decentralized. It's a protocol that anybody can build a client for. You know, it's kind of what many people have imagined that maybe someday Twitter might do is open the graph or open the algorithm itself so that anybody can see a tweet. Obviously, they haven't done this. This is not something that we see from the normal social media companies. But that said, warpcast is by far the dominant client for Farcaster. Almost everybody who says, oh, sign up for Farcaster, they're pointing me toward Warpcast. In some sense. It actually is a lot like Gmail. Gmail, obviously is one of the most dominant email clients. Gmail also exerts this kind of gravitational force over email. Email is technically permissionless. You could run your own email server if you wanted to, but it's kind of not a great idea in 2024 to run your own email server because the way that Gmail labels you is ultimately going to determine whether or not you can really interact with the rest of the network. Right? Because in some sense, yes, you are running SMTP and that's the protocol. But in another sense, actually, no, if Gmail decides that you're spam, you're just never going to get to anybody's inbox with your shitty little mail server. And so in some sense, is it not also true that if Warpcast is like where 95% or 98% of all the FARC as I don't know what the number is, but if it's like the vast majority of all the forecaster users, then uh, can we not also say it's, well, it's almost like Gmail. Well you guys, Warpcast itself is exerting such a gravitational force over the network that like your moderation effectively is the moderation for forecaster the protocol?
Speaker A: Yeah, so I'd say a couple of things there. One that that's entirely true at this point. So I, anyone who's tried to like, I mean obviously I'm one bitching it, so it's like I am not trying to shirk away from that. It is extremely centralized in the sense that from a tension standpoint, which is the actual thing that you have to think about on a social network. Its like the people using it, but its like where are they spending their time? Warpcast has a disproportionate impact, right? I label someone as spammy, effectively they disappear. There are two things that immediately come to mind though, is one, just like Ethereum or bitcoin, I can take my forecaster account and simultaneously use two different clients. You cannot do that with Gmail. Gmail, you're actually tied to the domain associated with Gmail. You could forward your email to another thing, but ultimately it's not like it can run on two different the backend services. You can use email clients, but the way actually you think about email is the server that actually receives and hosts your email is the centralizing point. I think that's one important thing. There's seamless ability to migrate in the same way that I can take a mnemonic from Ben a mask and move it to Coinbase wallet and simultaneously use those that freedom to move is very easy, and I think that's really important. And so in doing so, you allow exit in a world where warpcast starts to get too aggressive. And I think the second thing, and this is actually the part where, and it doesn't really work most of the time in crypto, so I want to acknowledge that. But part of it is you have to trust us in the sense that the goal is to build a protocol. We want the protocol. Vernon and I had a lot of success at Coinbase, didn't necessarily have to go do any startup we wanted. But ultimately, when we started on this is saying, wouldn't it be cool if we could get to a protocol that had a billion plus people using it that looked more like Ethereum or bitcoin? I think where we've done a decent job is we delivered on the core part of the protocol. Last year, we got it to 100% permissionless. You can sign up, you don't have to use a single webcast API. We have this kind of system of servers that sit above the blockchain called hubs. That's where all the social content is completely open source, permissionless. You can go write your own implementation if you want. And that system works. Right now there are like 500 hubs running around the world. They're not even incentivized. So it's like people are just running them on their own. And so I think that is like a good first step in a good faith effort to say like, hey, this is something that we actually care about. But ultimately, until we get to a world where warpcast doesn't have 95, 98%, whatever the market share we have right now, I would completely agree with you, is that it is a network that technically is decentralized, but practically centralized from a. If the government comes in and forces me to do something, that you don't have that level of censorship resistance for most people. Whereas a world where, and this is actually why we're so focused though, on making Warpcast great, is our belief is that at least with, um, you know, social, uh, protocols, people don't use protocols, they use apps, right? And so no one actually cares for the most part. There are very few people who are very ideological, and they're very special. They don't actually use an app because it's decentralized. They use the app because it's either entertaining or they meet other people and, or potentially hook up with other people. Like, those are the fundamental drivers of using a social app. Our point of view, and I have a blog post about this, but it's product led protocol development. And if Warpcast can drive the growth of Farcaster to something on the order of 5 million daily active users or 50 million daily active users, I can promise you, assuming that that core protocol remains actually decentralized and permissionless, you will have venture backed companies that come in and say, wait a second, I can build a better product than these guys and start to peel away market share in the same way. That metamask was basically the only game in town for an Ethereum wallet for a while, right? I mean, rip missed, but like, ultimately you could argue that, oh, well, metamask can have a disproportionate impact on the network. Ultimately, the free market came in and said, well, hell, I'm going to go build. So you have Gwyn Miss Wallet, you have rainbow, you have rabi, because the actual underlying network actually does work like that. People are going to compete away that advantageous rip my ether wallet.
Speaker B: I was about to say. I was like, there are a couple. There are a couple little. There are a couple little gems.
Speaker A: Talk about that security ux you used to paste a seed phrase into a website.
Speaker B: I know, I know. I'm not saying it was a good one, I'm just saying I don't know.
Speaker C: That metamask is a great example of an edge getting competed away. Unfortunately, it's like insanely sticky, their dominance in market share.
Speaker A: Right. But I would say is I think that there's a healthy wallet market in the sense that if you're in the market for a new wallet today, sure. I don't think Metamask has the dominant dominant. They probably have a lot of brand awareness, but obviously Coinbase has 100 million customers that they can push Coinbase wallet to. I think it's hard, right. Because I could take the ideological approach of we need three clients going on. And I think when I started working on Farcaster, I was naive in thinking the original name for the project was RSS. I come from a world of RSS readers. I still use one. I'm weird nerd like that. And I think I was under the impression that, oh, once we get kind of like the core set up, we're going to have like multiple sets of clients. I think where I was wrong in that, and this is pattern matching back to the days of like, the early Twitter ecosystem when Twitter didn't even have a mobile app and you had like Tweety and Tweetbot and all these different kind of third party independent is, it's 2024 and a consumer's expectation of what? A social app and the performance of a social app and a mobile app rather than a web app. You have all this table stake stuff. For an indie developer to actually go build and have a significant number of retained daily active users, I think that's really hard. And I think where we are is if we can get the total number of daily active users of the protocol from 50,000 to 505 million, 50 million, then you're actually going to have it be a big enough market that you can actually get a real venture backed team. And this is not to denigrate any of the independent developers. It's just like in terms of like building an experience that that is going to actually take significant amount of market share from people who actually want to be using the product every day. And I think frames is actually an update on my incorrect prior is I assumed the growth would happen as a result of people building other clients. I think that's still too hard for most people. Whereas frames allow independent developers within a very short period of time. Right. Like if you're, if you're a decent developer, you can have a frame up and running in an hour or two and actually have it launched in the feed. No app store approval, no, like, you know, have to go get a Duns number to get like your app store. Like all these kinds of things that block developers. And the important thing is you have distribution, right? So you can go viral with a frame really fast. Whereas imagine trying to launch a website that does anything crypto today outside of like kind of having some big venture backing and like a big pr campaign. Good luck getting your link in a Twitter feed to go viral. Right? Whereas launching a frame, which is almost like a gateway to your app, you can use a frame and a click on a frame is authenticated with the EdDSA signature for a forecaster user, the underpinning identity component. But you can actually click into an app and have it basically be one click onboarding into an app. It's almost like sign in with Google or Apple. I think that was a change in our perspective as saying, oh, there is a lot of developer demand. It's just today, relative to the size of Farcaster, it's not building alternative clients, it's tapping into this distribution on this growing social network where everyone is crypto native and part of it is Warpcast has said, yeah, we're not going to Nerf links. We think this is good, it's good for growth of the protocol. That's, I think where we are actually.
Speaker B: Coming to the framework inspiration, as far as I understand, it does share a lot of similarities with the Facebook early days API. Maybe 2013, I will say 2014. But it was this graph API that was the key. I guess in that case it didn't succeed because it was a fight between the platform and the app developers in some ways. How do you see that evolving here in a place where you can't really stop the app developers, which is the point of the network, but also such that it has some.
Speaker C: With moderation you can. That was the thing that we just having the effect of monopoly.
Speaker B: But let's suppose that we're in some world where there's a way for warpcast. Let's say there are alternative clients, and maybe it's like Ethereum, there's only six, there's not 500. The number of clients doesn't scale with the number of users, but it's greater than two or something. Well, Ethereum and Solana, let's say those are the only really two that have credibly multiple clients. And so how do you view. And so let's say moderation becomes hard in this at least three clients, it's like BFT. They all can't agree on moderation, so, like, at least one of them will.
Speaker A: Accept your thing, which, by the way, would be an amazing outcome in the sense that there's no monopoly, there's no oligopoly. Right. SMTP is essentially an oligopoly. Like Amazon and Gmail, they share their block lists. Right.
Speaker B: And, yeah, so let's say we got to that point. And so, yes, you could censor, but you'd have to get all the different clients to collude. So in that world, how do you view frames evolving right now, if you took the history of how developers tried to make all this stuff in the early days of the social network growth and then kind of got stopped, how do you see that evolving and where do you want that to go? And what's your best unbiased estimate of where it goes?
Speaker A: Yeah, kind of hard to predict. Frames are, you know, two and a half weeks old for sure.
Speaker B: For sure. But this is wildly. And wave our hand.
Speaker A: Yeah. So let's, let's just kind of take Facebook, for example. So it's 2007, 2008. It's a desktop oriented platform where that, that kind of Facebook launches. We, you actually brought up, open graph is the standard. So open graph is the reason that sometimes when you paste a link into a messaging app or Twitter, there's an image that shows up versus other links don't have. If you go Google. Open graph. Today, it's literally a single page website that Facebook still hosts. So it's the equivalent of the tailbone of web two. It's like, yeah, open graph exists, but Facebook doesn't care about open graph for the most part. And the reason Facebook and piece this together through people who are living through Facebook at that era. But basically, it didn't make the transition to mobile one because the mobile platforms at the time just didn't have the performance. Netflix streams video games now through the Netflix app, they could do it in the cloud. But at the time, like, building a farm bill within the limitations of an iPhone is not going to work. The whole Steve Jobs flash thing. So there was basically no way to translate this to mobile. Facebook goes public in 2012, and there's a very famous, like, the company just completely burned the boats in terms of, like, just focus on mobile. And it turns out they have this insane business model of app install ads, specifically games, and who cares about the platform? So kind of rugged, all those developers, Zynga being the kind of like, most prominent, a public company that was basically built off Facebook games. I think where we are, it's slightly different in the sense that, one frames are simpler than Facebook apps were. There were pretty sophisticated Facebook apps in games. If frames, it's just literally an image with four buttons. And I think the magic of what makes frames great is that it can kind of enable these crypto economic actions in a very seamless way because the data itself on the network is completely permissionless. When I click on a button that says mint right now, what's actually happening is the developer is getting my FID, the id number that Tom has. The lowest one in this group, but my FID is three. Then basically the developer is like, yours is low.
Speaker C: Wait, who's one and two? Wait, what?
Speaker A: Farcaster. The account farcaster. And then Varun did more of the work in the early days.
Speaker C: Okay, got it, got it.
Speaker A: But I think you basically are able to just programmatically say, okay, for FID three, give me their connected Ethereum address. When we launch a Solana, you could just grab that and then just shoot an NFT to that address. And so that can all instantly happen with one button click. And so that is something that is not the same as like playing a game like Farmville, where you're like, sitting there clicking, like harvesting carrots or whatever, and it is like, kind of like you're interacting with this thing ephemerally in a feed, and then you're continuing to go, but that is actually an interesting thing in the sense that that attracts a very specific type of user in the sense that like, okay, like you have now all of a sudden all these people are like, I can get free stuff. I can get free nfts, I can get free meme coins or whatever. So that set of users, if you were to kind of try to rug frames, assuming we can continue to grow the protocol, right. So just to be clear, I have no intention of rugging frames, but in a world where you say Dan disappears and Warpcast is run by Dilbert Minion people, the other clients on the network are going to compete away those users very quickly because it'll say, hey, you want to get your distribution with frames, which benefits whether it's a developer or creator, use this client. So you're going to have a massive group of users that are going to go switch over to that pretty quickly. I think that the second thing is where I think Warpcast and other clients are going to quickly start to figure out is frames basically turn into this web three crypto native ad format. And that's not like we're going to go have ads tomorrow. But I think it becomes this kind of like clear thing where if you think about like what a Facebook ad is for, install a game. In this case, it's the launching point for something that happens on chain. And whether that's a swap or a mint or some verb that someone hasn't come up with yet, and I would imagine that that will be something that instead of like, I don't want these to exist, it's like, no, actually this is good. I want as many people to build these interactive links, essentially because that benefits the platform both from a usage standpoint as well as a potential future monetization standpoint. So that I'm not misquoted, like, we're not adding ads with frames anytime soon, but I would imagine you can build something that is, you heard, user aligned and basically be able to. Basically, if there's an economic action happening as a result of you clicking a button, someone will be willing to pay the person that originates that action in the same way that an Amazon referral link, like huge, huge business for a lot of like kind of bloggers back in the early 2010s. But basically, if you link to any book on Amazon from your blog, you got an 8% commission if someone ordered that book. I don't think anyone found that offensive because obviously if I didn't want to recommend a book, I'm not going to. But if I do, like, I get a cut. And so I actually think that there's going to just be natural ways of being kind of user aligned while also being able to make money. That I think naturally people want to continue to support frames, whether it's the warpcast client or another client.
Speaker B: So I have a question for you. The web, two mantras is you're the product. If you're not paying, you're the product. Basically. Sorry, I'm butchering the original statement. But the interesting thing, I think at least when we look at certain things in frames, like the Degen Airdrop, it's not clear who the product or the user is. In the case of, you could argue that Degen used a frame as a form of advertising, but then the user is getting paid to like engage with the ad, right? Like indirectly. And I think that to me is the most interesting part about having the ability to control these economic relationships.
Speaker C: You could also, that's in a way true for airdrop farmers generally, is that it's not clear what the product is, right? Like is the use of the product or is the product the airdrop they're getting, or like.
Speaker B: But the thing here is, it's almost like a loot box. It's more like a loot box in a frame than it is like airdrop farm. Like I'm looking, I feel like it has a completely different ux to the end user. The end user is just like, haha, I clicked this link. It's funny. Oh wow, I got airdropped. Versus the intention. It's passively getting airdropped randomly. And I think that's an interesting, to me, that seems to be one of the more interesting user modalities that has happened in the last few weeks.
Speaker C: And I have to wonder how much of that is a function of what the early farcaster user base is composed of right? Now, as you mentioned, Dan, the initial user base was these kind of high powered crypto big dick types who generally have much higher networks than the average Haseeb.
Speaker B: Are you insulting Tom here?
Speaker C: That's obviously why he had to get off platform.
Speaker A: Check that.
Speaker C: No, no, what I, yeah, no, um, what, what I mean is that the, like the, the average ARPU for Twitter is what, like less than $10? Something like that. I have to imagine for. Yeah, I guess because they monetize terribly.
Speaker A: But Facebook in the US is $200 per user.
Speaker B: Yeah, Facebook is crazy, but everyone else, everyone else is.
Speaker C: I would, I would. Right. So I'd have to imagine that like the early cohort of forecaster users, probably the ARPU if you are monetized, you know, if you're thinking about it as like, wait, wait.
Speaker B: Usually Haseeb is the one correcting people on acronym uses, but ARPU means average revenue per user, so that any listener does. Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay, there you go. Very nice. Okay, so I have to imagine the early user base at Farcaster is probably much higher than that if they were being fully monetized on an equivalent basis to Facebook. And that might be why they're a very attractive user base for airdrops and this kind of thing. Like, hey, mint my NFT, do my this thing. Because on average I'm just going to be hitting a lot of really high value users. Um, if you do scale to the 500,000, the 5 million, the 50 million, then it's kind of like, okay, how many random Twitter users do I actually want to give my airdrop to? Um, maybe zero, right?
Speaker B: Maybe just, you're missing, you're missing the point. You're missing the point that like, airdrop farming in general is usually a very active activity. Like I go into it being like, I want to do this, right, but the frames thing is interesting because it's like passive people are just scrolling and randomly clicking a link and maybe getting airdrop.
Speaker C: Right? I guess what Im implying is that, yes. So the question is, okay, if you are launching some meme coin, you want to decide how to get your meme coin to get net buyers. And the assumption is that, okay, if I airdrop this to a random person on Farcaster, the calculus for them must be that this airdrop is going to result in a net buy. If I give this person free DJ token, whatever tokens, Im guessing theyre going to be a net buyer. And if I airdrop to a random person on Twitter, my guess is that they're a net seller. They're going to say, oh, here's a great airdrop. Great. Well, let me, let me sell this.
Speaker B: I think that's too thick. I think.
Speaker A: So two things, and this is already starting to happen. So let me step back though, on the, so naturally, with any new primitive, people are using it for all these different things. So one, there is very much an airdrop meme coin and NFT oriented. Click a button and get something right. Ton of growth has happened as a result of that. That said, there were a bunch of other developers who are building other applications. And I think, for example, Farcon was selling tickets through the community run conference for Farcaster. And so someone sold Girl Scout cookies. And so someone actually today launched some shopify integration with this. So basically you're offering a primitive where basically you can do an economic action in the feed of and it's using a blockchain. And so that is going to be a whole canvas, I think where the meme coin and NFT collectible stuff, free stuff. I think people are getting actually much more sophisticated even within the last two weeks where now they're actually taking that FiD and they're actually looking up your effectively page rank on the network. So we have this active badge concept where it's like you have to have x number of followers and you have to have a ratio of like post to engagement. And so now you can actually, and I'm calling it social proof of work. But I could just get really specific on saying, okay, I only want people who are influencers or people who have a certain level of clout. I don't know if you guys remember this company in Silicon Valley, not bit cloud, but clout. There's actually a whole element of that where not only can you take the social proof of work that you have from the network, right? So you're shit posting, you're doing whatever you do every day and now you're getting benefit. Okay, there's a second component though, where if you connect your on chain address, all of the public activity could actually be incorporated. It's like, I only want.
Speaker C: So now you're sieving down even further. Who is worthy of your airdrop, right?
Speaker A: And it's all permission.
Speaker C: Who is actually definitely going to be a net buyer.
Speaker A: Yes. So imagine if you said, I want to overlap. Everyone has a pudgy penguin and buyers.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: For meme coins, what else would they be thinking about?
Speaker B: But I think you want to establish the early lovers of the thing before you just start being like, hey, you want to think about the price, right? Like Dogecoin came from the love of the dog first before it kind of grew. Like, I think you're not sympathetic to people who are in this world, Steve. That's what I've learned from this.
Speaker C: I think a lot of the new generation of meme coins are just moved much faster than that. I don't think it's about love of the dog. I think it's about being early in a cycle or like a sort of mini wave.
Speaker A: So maybe let me paint a version where I think there's such a negative association, where there are drops in meme coins of just free money, it's sibyl or things like that. You can imagine a world where whether it's an eas on chain credential or some proof that I could basically target the entire network and say, I want anyone who has an open source commit on a GitHub repo now my aptos or swe or whatever. L one blockchain wants to get people to build on their thing is saying, here you go. As a developer, you can click this button in a frame and immediately shows up in your wallet. I think that starts to get much more interesting because all the data is permissionless and B, you can target based on a social graph. Again, all totally opt in. Or maybe you just say, hey, I'm going to look at the network and I'm just going to airdrop to these people. So you don't even need the frame. But I think part of that you.
Speaker B: Described the celestia airdrops. The airdrop to get a number of them.
Speaker C: Yeah, a number of them have worked that way.
Speaker B: Well, they were the first one and then everyone copied after.
Speaker A: Right. But the point is here is I don't need to even touch a button on your site. Someone can basically just say, hey, this has been airdropped to your account if you want to claim it or whatever. And so I think that will be a whole area of experimentation. And then I think the second thing is you could imagine the, there just becomes very ongoing economic relationships. So I can provably look to see if you've been following me the whole time. So if you're following my account, maybe I'm giving, as a company, I'm giving some benefit to the people who are broadcasting my message or things like that. Everyone talks about this idea that own your data and get paid for your data. The reality is Ben Thompson has done an amazing job providing this. Your data is probably not worth anything, but there is a version of the world where you as a person with an audience can actually choose to amplify things and then actually participate, on the upside, in a programmatic way. I don't know if that's going to be something that people are that excited about, but I think it's just going to be a surface area that people are going to play around with. I think the reality is, on Twitter now with the creator rewards, is anyone being like, oh, I mean, maybe some people are making life changing money because they have these huge accounts, but the reality is, it's like Twitter is paying me $600 a month to use Twitter. Great. I'm more incentivized to use it. I think that just being able to do that in a way that is not centralized and just allow anyone the creative freedom of saying, hey, if you're doing x actions in a way that is beneficial to my brand and or my account as a audience, I think you're going to just get interesting use cases. Then I think that the other important thing is if you're listening to this podcast and you're going, this sounds awful far casters is going to be loaded with ads and it's just going to be all meme coins and scams.
Speaker B: But you're going, the beauty of the.
Speaker A: System is you can go use a client that is like Zen mode. It doesn't use any of the dopamine tactics of social media. And it's just like, you just see the great takes from Vitalik and Tarun and all these kind of giga brain philosopher types, and you don't have to see any of the DJEn content, and that system can coexist. And I think that is what I'm most excited about, is you get to a world where you have the freedom to choose as a, as an end user, how do you want to play this game?
Speaker C: Okay, that's all well and good, that's all well and good, but we are a crypto podcast, and so the DJ, we're here for the DJN stuff. I want to shift a little bit because I really like that you brought up this whole meme coin thing, and I want to delve a little bit and get people's perspectives maybe a little bit a layer above forecaster of what you think about right now, the meta around meme coins, because it seems like so obviously, in large part, thats driving a lot of the engagement around Farcaster. Its driving a lot of the engagement on everything. To be honest, a lot of the activity on Solana is trading meme coins. What are your guys feelings about where this meme coin? I dont know what the best metaphor for it seems like. Whats the. What's that physics thing that rotates really fast? No, centrifuge. Centrifuge. Like this sort of meme coin centrifuge that we seem to be playing. Yeah. Tom, what's your take on what's happening in the meme coin world?
Speaker D: I don't understand the centrifugality or we're separating the meme coins from the good coins.
Speaker C: No. Okay, maybe. All right. Ferris wheel. I don't know. All right.
Speaker D: Fast moving Ferris spelled ferrous. Of course it's a Ferris.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker C: Amazing. Anyway. Nailed it.
Speaker D: I mean, it just feels very like mask off. I think that's been a little. The market for the past year or two has been, I think, NFTs, for example, initially it was like, okay, it's going to be about art. And for a long time it was about sort of artists selling art. And then it was, and people are like, no, we just love this lion or whatever. And then blur came along, was like, no, actually you just want to trade the fucking tokens back and forth. And really, you do that really, really, really well. And that was kind of what blur was doing. I feel like meme coins are almost sort of like the next evolution of that, of like you don't actually even care about the picture of the lion that you're trading. You just want to trade like, the concept. And that's what meme coins are doing. Imagine like 2021, ten K PFP launches. But like, I just distilled down to the pure essence, and that's what you're getting out of the centrifuge is this.
Speaker B: Meme coin essence all day meme coin.
Speaker C: Tarun, what's your take by Tom?
Speaker B: Like the meme coin essence, your fragrance coming out soon?
Speaker D: Very much.
Speaker B: My take is actually maybe, yeah, maybe more. The optimistic take is that the meme coins, I like this idea of meme coins that are conditional. And I think thats where the farcaster meme coins seem very different than the Solana meme coins. The Solana meme coins are like, haha, Drake wore a funny hat with a name on it and so were going to make a meme coin that is the same name and trade. It's marketed towards Djen gamblers. The one where im using this thing and randomly get loot boxes feels almost more like just like Roblox or something. It's like social Roblox, where you're converting the dopamine hit from likes into dopamine hit from random. I get something which to me seems extremely different from the absolute Solana degen meme coin. And so I kind of think of them as two separate types of things because one is almost like a game that you get random rewards in, and the other one is like you're really going in and the game is like who you suckered in your group chat to buy last, you know, like, which is a very different ethos. I think that's what, to me, that's why I think, like, the ironically named Degen Coin on base is like a funny example of this. But yeah, I think, like, there could be a world where meme coins become this kind of like incentivize action thing and yeah, kind of like I was saying, I don't know where the boundary is between the two worlds.
Speaker C: Dan, what's your take? Where do you think meme coins are going as a concept?
Speaker A: Yeah. So just to be clear, I'm not involved in any of the meme coins, and I'm back from my coinbase days. I just don't touch, like, I own bitcoin and eth. And that's it. Like I'm in coinstock, right? That's it. I think one interesting thing to build on, what you said, tarun, is I think it fundamentally comes down. It's people self organizing over the Internet over some shared thing. And at least the ones that exist on farcast are Degen being the most prominent. There were actually a few that happened in December points and a few other ones. But the thing that I think has stuck with Degen is that they've created a memetic culture around it in the same way that doge. And I'm less familiar with some of the Solana ones, but one interesting behavior is they built a tip pot. Basically. People will reply, I have a bunch of followers on forecaster. I'll say something, and then I get all these people replying to me with 420 Degen or 69 Degen. And it's an entirely off chain. It's just like a ledger, and there's some airdrop. I actually don't even know enough about the mechanics. Basically, it's created a whole culture. And then now people will tip Degen. Things that people are using Linda G's like bounty Caster, which was like USDC and has, like, hire a developer to do something for you. They now support, like paying in Degen. I think, like, Zora now allows you to mint in DGN. And so there is like, this, like, kind of like, rewards points component to it that because it actually has a social layer deeply integrated in it that I think is. I think it's easy to dismiss because it's just like, oh, this is just a Ponzi scheme or some sucker's bet. But I think. I'm sure people are coming in and saying, how can I make money on this? But I think that there's a component where it's actually like, people come for the meme coin and stay for the culture. I think that that channel on Farcaster, it's its own subreddit. Effectively, people show up and it's entertainment. It's like, oh, I get to what is the latest meta in Djen today? And what are we doing as a group in the same way that I think Wall street bets, everyone focuses on the AMC stock price and Gamestop. But the reality is, I think it was a community of people. And it feels like, oh, I'm finding like minded people on the Internet. And there's also this component that it's a little bit like it's groundswell bottoms up against the man in some ways. And so I think that there's an actual something actually there as a meta category, but I don't think anyone's quite captured it. Maybe Farcaster has, and we don't even realize it. But I think it's very easy to dismiss because it's easy to look at the rugs and the clear fraud and pump it up cases. But I think in the case of these community driven bottoms up meme coins, I don't know, I think it's easy to overlook them in terms of there is some interesting human phenomenon happening.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think, as you were saying, that it occurs to me that meme coin is kind of a superposition of multiple things at the same time. Right? On the one side, it is, like you said, a community of, okay, we're all the people who hold degener, we're all the people who hold whiff or whatever. At the same time, it's also an inside joke. So there's something that's intrinsically kind of funny and subversive about, like sitting around trading a meme coin or accumulating a meme coin. And then I think, the other hand, its also a lottery ticket. And this is the financial, behavioral part of a meme coin, which is hard to ignore, is that a lot of people, the reason why they buy meme coin is that they saw what happened on Reddit or on some Twitter post of some guy who bought the meme coin of the day, and it went up 150 x, and its like, oh, my God, this person made life changing money. And every time you see a new meme coin, the question in the back of your mind is, maybe this is the one. Maybe this is my buying doge early or my buying this thing or that thing. It is in some sense, it's not that dissimilar, as Tom was pointing out, to what was happening with NFTs and PFPs in the last cycle. And it seems like that behavior on the NFT side is being replaced more and more with meme coins, where meme coins are creating these communities. They're not bound by 10,000 people. They don't have an arbitrary entrance price. And so in some sense, if that was the role that NFTs were playing in the last cycle, meme coins are a better way to play that role because they are, obviously, they're fungible. You can play for $5. If you're on Solana, you can play with $1. And so it's more inclusive in that sense. They're more scalable beyond 10,000 people. You don't have to be a, you know, you have to be able to pay $50,000 in order to play this game. It does seem at the same time that they are like, the velocity of meme coins is also what's really unique. Right? Like, they just, there are new meme coins being launched every single day, and the meta is shifting.
Speaker B: And like, the velocity of memes on the Internet is like that.
Speaker A: Right?
Speaker B: Like, it's not just the coin part, it's like the first part is what quite important there, right. It's not like I have to come up with a. A series of attributes that this collection has that represents.
Speaker C: Right. That's true. They are more efficient in that way. Right. You don't really need to do the pretense of, well, we hired an artist and we created a universe that these PFPs belong to instead. It's just, okay, this one has a new name and distilled memes.
Speaker B: I want to. Yeah, distilled me. There you go. Tom's got to make a sense now. But the one thing I want to say is, like, if you think about these communities around nfts, historically, they just centered around discord. And in discord, you were disconnected from your wallet. And what that meant is you got a fuck ton of scams, right? Like, discord is just filled with spam of, like, people trying to, like, rug you give you fake wallet addresses, whatever, like, malicious malware type stuff. And I think the interesting thing of, like, if the social app is actually directly tied to crypto and your wallet is already there, and you can be confident that, like, when you sign something, like you, you don't have to really think about, oh, like, is this link going to make me sign something malicious? That does change your interaction with the asset in a way that I think the discord being separate from the asset, added so much extra friction for the.
Speaker A: End user and actually build on that. So one of the things with frames today, and we're adding on chain transaction support, so there's got to be a layer of security that we'll add there when we do it. That's like, over the next week or so, most of the way the frames work today is you tap a button and then someone is actually sending you that asset to your address. So there's actually no risk to you, right? You didn't have to sign anything. You didn't give any scary permissions. It's just kind of. It's like, okay, drop something in your mailbox. That's the kind of interaction, the other thing, Haseeb, when you were kind of mentioning the kind of last talk about where meme coins sit, just think about the Super bowl. We just had this huge cultural event. It's like the most watched Super bowl in history. Taylor Swift and all this kind of the meta stories about it and the memes $23 billion are bet on it. It's a fundamental human behavior of, if I put a little bit of money on this, it makes it a little bit more interesting for me. And I don't think anyone is kind of. I mean, maybe there are some people, but for the average person, they're putting whatever, $50, $100 on the game. And it just. It intensifies the euphoria of having that game, that entertainment, be interesting. And I think if you think about how sad. Like a lottery ticket. So it's like, I don't even know what the figure of people who spend money on Powerball or lottery tickets in the US completely acceptable because the government's getting all that money, by the way. And then they say, oh, it's paying teachers. But the reality is it's taking advantage of the fact that there's a fundamental humanity interest in. Put a little bit of money in here. I could make a bunch of money and I didn't have to actually work for it. And so I think that it's easy to judge meme coins, which actually kind of, like, there's a cultural element, there's a medic element. It's like people actually potentially making friendships online and saying, oh, those are bad. But this thing, that is depressing. When you go to the gas station and people are spending dollar 50 a day buying scratchers, your moral positioning. Right. I kind of project.
Speaker C: I'm not taking a moral stance on any of these things. No, no, no.
Speaker A: I used to be professional gambler misses meme coins.
Speaker B: Yeah. Well, you just came up with the greatest KPI for meme coins, which is total volume per day of meme coins divided by the Super bowl betting volume.
Speaker C: What?
Speaker B: Like, I feel like that's a good measure of, like, our meme coins making it.
Speaker C: Yeah. So here's the point that I made this a couple of weeks ago on the Empire podcast is that I increasingly think that the meme coin meta is probably not sustainable. And actually the reason why I make that argument is an analogy to gambling. So if you look at gambling, so if you look at lotteries or if you even look at the most popular casino game is slots and slot machine manufacturers. I mean, it's probably one of the most lucrative industries. They. An enormous amount of human capital and research and engineering goes into optimizing slot machines to maximize the amount of money they make from gamblers. And if you're optimizing a slot machine, there's multiple things you're doing at the same time, right? You're doing this variable reward ratio, making loud sounds and wonderful lights. When people win, the important thing is that you're not making people lose too fast. So you make them lose just enough money that they sit there, they feel like they can win, but mathematically they're losing something like $0.20 for every poll or something like that, some really obscene number that you can optimize a slot machine into making a rake on every single pull. And the problem I would argue with meme coins is that because meme coins have such high churn, there are new meme coins being launched every single week. It's not like we're all trading doge. Still. Obviously, there are a bunch of people still trading doge. The velocity of meme coins has materially increased. Yeah, but the velocity of meme coins has really materially increased. And my argument is that I think Dogecoin is sustainable. Dogecoin can keep going up and down forever because it's more or less the only rake is being made by binance and coinbase. Otherwise there's no loss of free energy, so to speak. But for most meme coins, they are just too extractive because there's a new team launching a new meme coin every single day. With NFTs, they were very well understood. Obviously there were bad actors sometimes with NFTs, but they were relatively well understood norms about, okay, how much of the NFT mint goes to the creators and the royalties and this and that. There was more or less a well understood game that limited the amount of energy loss or the amount of rake that was taken by these users. But when somebody launches a new meme coin, it's like, look, my one meme coin took off. I've made like 20 of them. This is the one that took off. So I just got to fucking extract. And when people are paying for the lottery ticket of like, okay, I buy this new meme coin overwhelmingly. There's like, I have no idea whether or not this lottery creator is taking out 50% or taking out 30% or taking out 10%.
Speaker B: Next time. My argument is that I want you to go to a deli and count the number of different fucking lottery tickets. And then I go back to the same deli a month later and count the number that are the same. The state is also turning these like.
Speaker C: Yes, but the state is. Yeah, but the state is very highly optimized in the same way, right? I mean, lotteries are super highly optimized to be the maximal amount of extractiveness to maximize revenue, at least here. But that's because it's a repeat player. Because it's a repeat player that's different than the state.
Speaker B: Than the state doing it. The state's version of this is like.
Speaker C: Even crazier to me than slot machines.
Speaker B: Then meme coins, if I view the meme coins for their lottery ticket value, I think the way that states introduce and remove lottery tickets is completely not transparent. They're just like, oh, yeah, sure, we're going to make some new $100 game. And, okay, actually it didn't perform well, so we're going to get rid of it. And I don't know, the meme coin thing at least seems more, it seems more friendly to people who aren't over 50 for that type of experience.
Speaker C: On what basis do you say that? That it's, I mean, it's obviously more attractive to people who are under 50.
Speaker B: They're both aggressively optimizing for extracting a rake, right. Like that. I think.
Speaker D: I think a steep point is the state, you know, is careful not to, like, overgraze the commons, whereas when you have, you know, a bunch of random, are they out there?
Speaker B: I don't know if that's true either.
Speaker A: I think they've, I think they found the proto optimal where they can extract.
Speaker C: Clearly they have, because people still buy.
Speaker B: Lottery tickets, but they also collude, right? Like, to do the powerball type of shit where like multiple states are like here, how do we increase our rake? We make a cartel. It's like, I don't know, like, I can't, I can't really, I can't really, like, fault the meme coin creators. Like, I think this is a fake moral high horse you're living on.
Speaker C: I'm not making a moral argument. I'm making an economic argument. Is that because meme coins as a whole will end up becoming too extractive, people will move on to a new meta. So it was pfps. Now it's meme coins, and they'll pick something else when meme coins start feeling too extractive.
Speaker A: But maybe one thing to think about is, does the equilibrium start to happen where you get more and more transparent in terms of talking about the NFT projects to a point where it's okay. The founding group of the meme effectively says we're only taking whatever, 1% or 5%, and the rest is unlocked over time. There's a proof of work component to it, and so you get to actually a market in the same way that, I don't know, think about an IPo, right? Completely different thing. Basically, the bank is able to just take a 15% dilution on. So there naturally becomes a point where you say, hey, there is value in creating a memetic thing, TBD on how long it lasts. And you can get maybe the actual long. The Pareto optimal long term is if I can create a meme that lasts as long as doge, that actually makes me the most money in a world where even though I only own 1% but has a $10 billion market cap, that actually.
Speaker C: I agree with that. But the market is telling us that's not what people are shooting for. Right? And this is why I think, if you remember Zack XBT, he got a bunch of people mad at him. Normally, he's like one of these Twitter heroes because he's constantly unveiling these frauds. A lot of people got mad at him because he was just shitting on meme coins, saying that, like, look, overwhelmingly, meme coins are fraud, pump and dump, blah, blah, blah, blah. And I have to assume that for the average meme coin, or I should say the median meme coin, that's probably true. The best meme coins are genuinely community led, kind of no rake. They're just in it for the love of the game. It's just a funny meme, and it ends up taking off. But most meme coins are. They're enterprises, right? There's people basically trying to make money running their own mini lottery.
Speaker B: Maybe this is the point, though. These socially driven meme coins, which are like, again, they're not like this active thing that someone is creating with a lot of intent of trying to get a bunch of liquidity and the price go up. Someone is just adding it in. Another experience might have a totally different equilibrium than the.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think if you remember Daicos, that was like this thing that Vitalik about the daiko.
Speaker B: I remember those things that was like, so funny. It was so complicated.
Speaker C: Yeah. So the idea was that so the Ico era icos were literally, okay, we just sell a bunch of tokens and whatever, we get a bunch of money. The whole idea of a da IcO, which Vitalik postulated and I think no one ever actually did, was that we raise money from retail to buy our token, but we don't actually get the money until we hit certain milestones that the token holders vote on. And so the money technically could never get released if we don't actually hit the milestones. And so you can imagine if we create this norm around beam coin such that the team only gets their meme coin drop or whatever, if this thing becomes like doge and it's like, okay, you know what? If you do create a lottery that's as good as that, then, okay, you deserve 10%. But you gotta, you know, you gotta really.
Speaker B: These social experiences give you a lot of events that you can condition on, right? Which is like other things in crypto, don't you? You have to, like, do a lot more work to get, like, stable proofness and things like that. At least here you have this proof that you've done this thing and it's documented and you can use it as your conditions for distribution.
Speaker A: Maybe one other just thought is, let's just take away the version where you can buy into it at the beginning, and it's strictly proof of work. Let's use something that is not going to happen in crypto anytime soon. But let's say Taylor Swift basically had a Taylor coin on some cheap chain, and the idea is all the swifties on Twitter who basically just protect her from these deepfake porn things and all that. The army of swifties that are online are flying back and forth with swifty, the coin that basically you can't buy into or whatever, and then at some point it actually turns into this economic thing where people care enough about this little token that they're willing to be like, okay, well, I want to be able to use this on Shopify to buy, I don't know, whatever, merch. So all of a sudden, people are willing to take this because it gets to a point where there's some exchange rate with dollars, and if no one had to buy in, and the idea is you ended up doing the drop completely based on proof of work. I think it's just easy to dismiss because the current meta looks like the Mississippi company to say stocks are bad. We're going to basically get rid of this financial primitive, whereas obviously you get to the point of 1930s, you put the SEC in place. Not to say the SEC has made every right decision. Obviously, the joint stock Corporation is an extremely valuable way of organizing humans and capital. I think that there's something there in terms of the idea of social memetic value being exchanged. It's very fundamentally human. Right.
Speaker C: So your solution is that we need to reinvent the SEC, is what you're saying?
Speaker A: Exactly.
Speaker C: Bring Gary Gensler to meme coins. I think that's the problem.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Cool. Okay, well, with that, we are. We're actually. We're at time, so we got to wrap. Uh, Dan, thank you so much for sharing your thoughts with us. This is awesome. How can people find you on Farcaster?
Speaker A: Dwr?
Speaker C: DWR on Farcaster. You heard.
Speaker B: Also on. On Twitter. Right, but for both.
Speaker A: Same name, same pirate.
Speaker C: Avoid. Yeah, also on Twitter. Also, if you want to find Tom Tom, you're not active anymore.
Speaker D: I guess I'm active again now. I'm just Tommy Schmidt. Also.
Speaker C: Tom Hwitt.
Speaker D: No, I'm Tom, actually.
Speaker C: I got the Tom. Okay.
Speaker B: By the way, the Taylor Swift thing might. You know, it's the funniest thing is there's someone from crypto who is at her birthday party. So. So maybe. Maybe that, like, that's the. That's the missing link to the swifty meme coin.
Speaker C: Okay, let's make it happen.
Speaker A: When someone figures out a celebrity way to do meme coins that is sec compliant, I can promise you every celebrity will have a meme coin.
Speaker B: Yeah, I agree.
Speaker C: Okay. I guess that's where the meta is going. That's actually going full circle with, like, nfts in the early days being about celebs. And now meme coins are gonna go. Okay. Anyway, everything old is new. All right, that's it. Thank you, everybody.
