Speaker A: A lot of founders cannot handle psychologically getting yelled at by everybody on the Internet at the same time. Like, it's actually. It's actually. It sounds stupid, but it's actually incredibly psychologically scary to feel like everybody is yelling at you and you've done something very wrong and you're about to get ostracized from the Internet. And when you fuck up an airdrop, or you don't airdrop enough or you don't, you don't get everything exactly right, the Internet is mad at you.
Speaker B: Not a dividend.
Speaker C: It's a tale of Tuqwan.
Speaker A: Now. Your losses are on someone else's balance sheet.
Speaker D: Generally speaking, airdrops are kind of pointless anyways.
Speaker A: Unnamed trading firms who are very involved.
Speaker C: Pollock eth is the ultimate defi.
Speaker B: Protocols are the antidote to this problem.
Speaker A: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the chopping block. Every couple of weeks, the four of us get together and give the industry insiders perspective on the crypto topics of the day. So quick intros. First, you got Tom, the defi maven and master of memes.
Speaker D: Hello.
Speaker A: Next, we've got Robert, the crypto connoisseur and tsar of superstay.
Speaker B: Good morning.
Speaker A: Then we've got Tarun, the Giga brain and Grand Poobah at Gauntlet.
Speaker C: Aloha.
Speaker A: And finally, I'm Haseeb, the head hype man at Dragonfly. So we're early stage investors in crypto, but I want to caveat that nothing we say here is investment advice, legal advice, or even life advice. Please see choppingblocks XYZ for more disclosures. So, boys, I think bitcoin has found its new home at Ethereum, just as a press time finally hit 3000. So it seems like the Ethereum catch up trade is starting to happen, and a lot of it seems to be centered around a lot of excitement happening on top of Ethereum. So there's just crazy TvL that's now flying around everywhere in crypto. So I think Eigen layer recently hit, what is it, 6 billion in TVL and Eigen layer.
Speaker C: 7 billion.
Speaker A: 7 billion. Okay, 7 billion TvL and Eigen layer. I'm sure it's probably gone up just in part because of the ethiopian.
Speaker B: What, it's 20 billion by now?
Speaker A: Must be. Must be. I must have quadrupled while we were. Just. While we were starting recording. And then we just had this massive Starkware airdrop, which we're going to be talking about today. That's going to be one of the big subjects that everybody is discussing. And then, of course, Athena, this new stablecoin, that's the hottest thing that everybody loves to argue about on Twitter. We're going to be getting into Athena as well. We've got a lot of wood to chop today. We're going to start with Starkware. For those of you who listened to the earlier episode of Unchained, Laura got Ellie, the CEO of Starkware, one of the co founders on the show, to talk about the Starkware airdrop. So let's take it from the beginning and describe what the hell is Starkware? What's this airdrop, and why is it such a contentious airdrop to begin with? So Starkware is a layer two. They're a ZK roll up. They use Starks, which are the granddaddy of ZK Primitives. That is different from snarks, which is what most of the other layer twos use, properties.
Speaker C: Given that, I suspect many of our listeners don't know what stark stands for other than the english word. Maybe we should go through what the definition is just so it makes sense.
Speaker A: Maybe we should, in, like, 30 seconds, go through what the definition of a stark is. Okay, go for it.
Speaker C: Stark stands for succinct, transparent, non interactive argument of knowledge. An argument of knowledge is a proof that you have knowledge of some fact. Like, I know that Haseeb's bank account has minus $500 as its balance.
Speaker B: I heard that, too.
Speaker C: But I don't show you that balance. I'm able to prove to you that it has. -500 the succinct means that the proof is much smaller than the statement. So it's maybe logarithmic or polylogarithmic in the size of the statement. And the transparent means that we don't need to. Haseeb and I don't need to agree on anything, any private information beforehand to generate such an argument. So this is sort of a holy grail, because the transparent part is actually very hard. A lot of cryptography that you use in blockchains actually has what's known as a trusted setup where there is some information that has to be coordinated in the beginning. That's my five version.
Speaker A: Very nice. So these guys are the inventors of Starks? Literally. Elie was one of the inventors way back in the day, and he was very integral guy in the early days of ZK, Proust, Zcash, and zero.
Speaker C: He's also a very famous complexity theorist in computer science. So he's not like your average Joe schmo, crypto founder, who's kind of an academic moron.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, certainly, he's a very impressive guy, very impressive team. And so I should also caveat that we are early investors into Starknet, Starkware from five years ago. So Starkware, layer two, a lot of excitement around them, and they ended up doing this big airdrop to users of Starkware early on. So they just launched their token at press time, their tokens trading around $1.92, which would put them around 19 billion FTV, $1.4 billion market cap. But it's a very volatile token. So it's obviously not a lot of price discovery yet, because it's only people who've gotten the airdrop. Now, this airdrop ended up getting a lot of people upset on Twitter and for various reasons. So there are a few different components to their airdrop. And I think this is a good microcosm to talk about airdrops and farming and airdrop mechanics and everything, because their airdrop is a little bit different than a lot of other airdrops for a few reasons. So the first thing, they gave a big airdrop to people who use Starknet and people who've done more than five transactions. They were active for at least three months. They've transacted at least $100. Okay, this is kind of a standard. You use the blockchain. Cool. Here's some money. Then you've got people who were eth stakers. So if you staked ETH, and of course to stake Eth, you need 32 eth. And so you have to have quite a bit of money in order to actually be an ETH staker, a solo staker. These people also got a significant airdrop, actually more significant than people who even used starkware. And then you've got open source developers. So if you've contributed to one of the top 5000 GitHub projects by GitHub stars with at least three commits, you got an airdrop. And of course, if you added anything to Starknet as a developer, you also got an airdrop. Okay, so maybe in principle that sounds uncontroversial, but in reality, so one, the amounts that were given to some of these different groups was maybe a little out of whack. Some people got upset that like, hey, I use Starknet, I got, I don't know, $1,000, $800, something like this. But somebody who contributed to an open source GitHub repo over the last few years got like $5,000. And why did they get all this money and they didn't even use Turkware. Now, look, I don't know how legitimate of a gripe that is. But whatever, people are upset about that. The most interesting thing, and I think one of the funniest thing about this, is that the fact that they gave so much of the airdrop to open source developers has now incentivized other open source projects to just get flooded with these farmers. Now you have all these low quality people creating fake GitHub issues, just fixing random typos, trying to do the minimum possible thing. Of course none of these people can code, they're just trying to get airdrops. Now all of these open source projects are getting flooded with bullshit comments, bullshit commits, and pull requests from people who just realize that this is now the meta because of starkware. We should just start contributing to random open source projects. There was a great tweet from a single from one guy who apparently tried to fix a typo in the Starknet repo and he got 1800 stark airdrop to him for a proposed typo fix that wasn't even merged into the code base. He fixed the word auxiliary, which was a typo and didn't get merged into Mainnet. So this has gotten a lot of people arguing about the mechanics of airdrops and also in the way in which they kind of end up causing this huge gravitational force on everything downstream in crypto. And of course Ellie was on the show defending the mechanics of the airdrop and saying look, we kind of tried. Clearly people are upset because some people got excluded. Some people were included who maybe got too much blah blah blah whatever. And there was an interesting comment that I don't know if you guys listen to the show, but Laura made one interesting comment to Ellie that kind of pissed me off, but she said, look, the people who are getting the solo stakers on ethereum, they got a bigger airdrop than people who are using starknet. These people have a lot of money. If youre solo staking, you have at least one hundred k of ether. How can you claim the project is decentralized if these guys who have a lot of money got a bigger airdrop? Which of course has a certain implication about what it means to be decentralized. Actually, the real word I think they should have used is egalitarian, which of course is not the same thing as decentralized. But I don't know, curious what your guys reaction is to this whole argument. Clearly it's got people up in arms, it's got people very upset, and also clearly it didn't have that much of an impact on the market reception. For the token, I'm curious what your guys reaction is to this whole.
Speaker C: I have one very strong opinion on this, which is the thing about airdrops is you kind of have to do something new once for you to get away without as much complaining of this form. So in Starkware's case, whether they decided before or after Celestia to do the developer airdrop, Celestia was arguably the first to successfully pull it off with the airdrop.
Speaker D: I think. I don't even remember this handshake, actually did this back in 2018. Just no one gave a shit. And so everyone. No one was farming GitHub back then. Back then.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's true. That's true. That's right. It's fair. That's fair. I should give the problem. But in the world of industrial airdrop farming, the first to really successfully do the GitHub drop, and they didn't just do a GitHub drop in Celestia's case. They also did an airdrop to Ethereum researchers, people who, academics, they did a much wider ranging thing, which arguably, maybe Starkware was frontrun, because I'm sure they were trying to launch their token for longer because it existed for longer. And I'm sure that maybe it's very likely and possible. I don't know if this is true, that Stargaware already had the airdrop design done before, but Celestia beat them to the punch. But by being first, you get the street cred of, like, wow, they found a new way to do this, and, okay, now we have to make a game for it, right? We have to figure out how to game it. And I think the problem is, Starkware was a really large, really anticipated token, existed for many years, embroiled in the three arrows liquidation. I don't know if you remember the Three Arrows liquidator, who must be some sort of moronic entity, couldn't figure out how to execute the warrant, and, like, lost the majority of the three arrows. Like, I think it was like, $50 to $70 million, something like that in Starquare. So they didn't get the token so that the three arrows esteemed.
Speaker A: Holy shit. Apparently they didn't end up fixing that.
Speaker B: Sue and Kyle were screaming on Twitter about this, like, right when the whole thing blew up.
Speaker C: Yeah, apparently they didn't pay the $250 or whatever, $500 to execute the warrant, and so they lost out on, like, I don't know how much stark. So anyway, my point is, Starkware has been. Everyone's kind of anticipated the launch for a long time. It, you know, despite maybe having more of a nascent developer community than say, like an arbitram or optimism by like a long shot and not much TVL, which is one of the things that people are complaining about on Twitter. You know, it's a very well known project, and I think the problem with airdrops is you kind of need to be the first to come up with a new mechanic. The moment you make that, then there's a string of copycats. Look, after the celestial launch, you saw a million of these GitHub drop things, but none of them were sufficiently big that it was worth the spread between the GitHub drop versus the liquidity. Airdrop was small. Starkware probably should have taken that into account in the sense of the mechanic is already played out. You're such a large launch, you have to come up with something new. You can't do something that existed because it'll be farmed to death. And I think more academic teams suck this up all the time in crypto. It's, look at all of the aptos we airdrops. This is an exemplar of people who are maybe are not paying attention to the djen landscape. With good reason, right? They're not supposed, that's not their team character, right. But this is a very important lesson, which is like, if you're a big enough airdrop, you have to have a new mechanic. You cannot copy pasta something or like use something. Even if it's not copy pasta, you can't really use it again. The moment you do that, you're kind of dead.
Speaker A: Well, scroll right after the Starkware Airdrop basically kind of alluded that if people contribute to the scroll repo, they may kind of somewhat possibly get an airdrop. And now scroll is being overrun with all these bullshit commits and bullshit pull requests and issues.
Speaker C: Yeah, but I actually think this is good because this gives you a training set for how to revise that to train a little boosted tree classifier to filter out all the shit commits.
Speaker A: Filter out bullshit comments. You need to go manually label which ones are bullshit, which ones are good.
Speaker C: Undergrad data science project, actually, homework assignment.
Speaker B: It trains people to train LLMs to make 50,000 GitHub.
Speaker A: That's the scary thing, right? Is that like, what? Because it's a generative adversarial network. So once the junior data scientist shows up and starts cutting these, someone's gonna be like, oh shit, I should just use GPT four. GPT four I just feed it. Or Gemini 1.5 with the new giant context window. I just shove the entire code base in and it writes some plausible commit, like something that kind of looks like maybe it's a feature, but it doesn't quite work and it breaks things. Like, that's what this is now incentivizing. It's starting an arms race.
Speaker C: The point is that the maintainers of the repo still maintain the quality. It's not like the prs are getting accepted. So all you're doing basically a noise attack. I have to have an LLM itself to read the commit to be like, is this a real commit or not? Right? Like, again, we're getting back to the, like, how do I make a classifier of, like, the real versus LLM?
Speaker D: Speaking of noise Attack and GitHub, actually, this is also one of the new interesting phishing vectors that I've seen. Wherever people will, generally speaking, your GitHub notifications for new issues or tags are open by default, because if there's an issue that you're on or you get mentioned, you want a notification about it, people will make new issues or new prs, but the issue or the pr will be a fake. Celestia Airdrop or you got a job offer from GitHub and click this link to go apply. Now, I didn't have my things turned off initially, and now I just turned them off. But I was getting emails with like a, it looks like a GitHub issue email, and it's like, claim your Celestia airdrop here because they tag you on GitHub and therefore you, it sort of circumvents the normal spam filters because it looks like it's coming from GitHub or it is coming from GitHub. And so I think it really is just like this cat and mouse game.
Speaker B: I mean, if GitHub becomes the next battleground in like spam and scams, it's.
Speaker A: Going to be really disappointing, this is. Right? I mean, I don't know. I find it really, you could argue.
Speaker C: That GitHub caused it by making copilot, because that's what really got the LLM market turning.
Speaker A: I don't think I would lazy airdrops. I think this is so obviously foreseeable. And I saw a couple of tweets from people saying, no, no, no, this is actually good because now crypto is going to make people learn how to code. And I'm like, that is not what's going to happen. What they're going to learn how to do is how to game the system with as low effort as possible. Tom, you've historically been the most anti airdrop or the airdrop minimalist. What's your take on the Starcore airdrop?
Speaker D: I feel like I just kept getting proven correct where everybody gets mad. This doesn't really accomplish the goal of whatever it is that they're trying to accomplish and it just creates a lot of negative press in the interim. I think even successful airdrops don't really accomplish the goal of what they're trying to accomplish. If you look at the data analysis of different airdrops that have happened throughout the past few years, the vast majority of people sell, they never participate in governance, they never stake. The people who buy the airdrops do actually end up participating in governance and holding more than the people who are selling it. And so sure, maybe people get excited and maybe creates a little bit of a wealth effect, but it is very expensive ultimately for, I think the goal that people are trying to accomplish. And so I think maybe the answer is you be really surgical. And for Starkware in particular, people who learn Cairo and build on Starkware are very dedicated and very committed. Great, give them some sort of fat grant. But I don't really think giving a bunch of Stark to GitHub, one of the top people who contributed the top 5000 GitHub reposition, is really doing anything. Those people are not actually going to participate in the starcore ecosystem just because they got some stark.
Speaker C: I mean, it's the same way that the Uniswap airdrop arguably rewarded a lot of the earliest developers who built anything that touched Uniswap because it was like, but the problem is once you do it once again, it becomes a feature and a model to predict the next thing. I remember, even for all these point systems, people are just constantly training these simple classifiers to be like, oh, am I like based on the points I'm getting, which features are the ones that are most correlated? And let me change my uses to math. It is a trading strategy fundamentally, I think the problem is the teams are maybe a little naive in thinking that it's not, which is fine, they might not be used to thinking that way. Fundamentally, doing the airdrop is a form of a trading strategy. And you have to think about it like a trading strategy. And a strategy that is public and can be copied is very hard to execute properly twice. And I think that somehow is lost on the teams that do this.
Speaker A: I think the other thing is that, and this is maybe even going a level simpler, it's very hard to get yelled at on the Internet. And I mean that very seriously, like it's very psychological.
Speaker C: You're telling me you haven't been yelled at on the Internet?
Speaker A: I've been yelled out on the Internet many times, and I've built up a very thick skin over the years of being yelled at on the Internet. But I think a lot of crypto founder, a lot of founders cannot handle psychologically getting yelled at by everybody on the Internet at the same time. Like, it's actually, it's actually. It sounds stupid, but it's actually incredibly psychologically scary to feel like everybody is yelling at you and you've done something very wrong and you're about to get ostracized from the Internet. And when you fuck up an airdrop, or you don't airdrop enough or you don't, you don't get everything exactly right. The Internet is mad at you, and when the Internet is mad at you and everything that you have built is on the Internet, it almost looks like the vandals have broken into your house and they're threatening to destroy your fucking livelihood. So I think a lot of these founders, they might know intellectually that, yes, airdrop farmers are not my real users. These people are kind of, they're cavalier. Once upon a time, I think in the uniswap erade, there was a more genuine connection between airdrops and users. And the people who use Uniswap early, of course, they had no idea that there was ever going to be an airdrop. There was no ulterior motive. It was just people who. Yeah, they were early defi users. That was a real thing back in 2020, in 2024. That's not what's happening. There, of course, are real users of starkware, and there are real Cairo developers, and there is a real community there. But airdropping to the set of people who have more than five transactions and they have more than $100 and da da da da, that is probably less than 20. 20% of those people are actual organic users of these blockchains because of just the degree of industrial airdrop farming. And so I think they know that. Right? They know that, but they can't. Yeah, they do know that, but the reality is that it just, it's just, it's just hard to be like, yeah, fuck y'all. Like, fuck all of you guys. Like, use our product. Here's a blockchain we built. What else do you want from us? It's hard to do that. It's just hard.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, there's two points here. One is that I think the teams conducting the airdrops know, everyone knows that it leads to a huge amount of everyone trying to game the airdrops and driving up bullshit metrics. Vanity metrics, very clearly, right? Like, you know, whether it's darkware or any l two or any platform, you know, people brag about on Twitter, I made like, 70,000 different wallets, you know, and I bought it. But to the project, it's like, ooh, 70,000 addresses. That's a positive vanity metric. We like that guy because he made 70,000 wallets. And the root of the airdrop industrial farming problem is this question of egalitarianism, which you alluded to earlier that Laura brought up, which is, should airdrops be based on some boolean? Did you use the thing or not? Regardless of size, regardless of value. And if the answer is yes, then it inevitably leads to people trying to, Sybil, attack this stuff with 70,000 accounts. If it's completely non egalitarian at all, and it's strictly a linear function of wealth value, it's almost impossible to Sybil, attack it. There's no point to doing that. My long term prediction is that projects move away from this concept of some level of egalitarianism. Like, one wallet equals one token type mechanic. Knowing that it's just so easily gamed, and it's game by the people you want who have the least connection to your project, in least interest in participating in a positive way. It's almost theft in the open for them. And so I think over time, projects will move away from an egalitarian structure to one based purely back on value. Again, where it's linear. Oh, you use this with a million dollars for seven months. That's 7 million tokens. Oh, you use this with $100 for a month, that's 100 tokens. And I think that will fix a lot of the problems. And it's harder to say because, honestly, there's tens of thousands of airdrop farmers, if not hundreds of thousands of airdrop farmers.
Speaker C: No, there'll be more. Yeah, it's gotta be at this point.
Speaker B: Yeah. People in poor countries, this is, like, the most valuable source of income they have. Honestly, it's, like, more lucrative than being a doctor in a lot of places is to be an airdrop farmer. And so at a certain point, you just have to, like, design cognizant of the fact that, like, there's a lot of people all over the world whose profession at this point is airdrop farming.
Speaker A: The weird thing is that I think since the Uniswap airdrop, there's been this kind of weird connection in people's heads that I think is, it's not quite fully articulated, that there's a connection somehow between launching a crypto project and doing some kind of social redistribution or some kind of social welfare that essentially like, look, we're creating all this wealth, we're creating these new platforms, and at the same time, we sort of owe it to the world, to crypto, to something to spread the wealth. In reality, of course, like, we know that the people who end up getting a starkware airdrop or getting a gto airdrop or whatever, overwhelmingly the first set of users sell. The people who receive the airdrop overwhelmingly sell. We've done enough data science on this. We've seen it so many times, saw with the Uniswap airdrop, you know, at this point, we know all the metrics, even the founders know the metrics, that the people who actually receive the airdrop are not sticky. The people who sell the airdrop overwhelmingly sell or they never claim, and there's very few people who receive the airdrop and hold the tokens. So to the extent that you're thinking, ah, I'm going to allow people to experience the growth of my network, they don't. They don't experience the growth.
Speaker C: I disagree with you in one, one aspect of this, which is when it is a new metric, when it's a new measure of distribution, not like, you know, in the way that, like Celestia, kind of like, no one can predict that. No one can predict. A lot of those people are very loyal to your, to your network. I mean, look at Celestia like, they actually, their retention on airdrop users is much higher than all the copycats. In fact, the correct.
Speaker A: I don't know the numbers for Celestia, but look at Uniswap. Uniswap was the original. It was the OG, right? Uniswap is the proof that, of course, nobody could have game the uniswap, but I've never even knew that. And Airdrop was coming. And still there. What was it? Something like 15%, 10% of users who.
Speaker D: Claimed airdrop against 90 plus percent still don't have it. I think was Jack Hasworth, the variant data scientist, did a really good blog post on this.
Speaker C: Well, the reason I'm making this point is I think for layer ones and yield bearing networks, whether the yield is via subsidy or whether the yield is via fees, now that, that's a thing that people love to fight about, but yield bearing networks tend to have just like, significantly higher retention and Uniswap was just not a yield bearing thing. Right? Like, there was no real accrual story to it.
Speaker A: Okay, you're saying if Uniswap had staking, then they would have had higher airdrop retention?
Speaker C: I'm just saying they would have a higher retention. I'm not saying it would be like ten x higher. But my point is, I think there is this thing when you're the first, and if you have a compelling enough story, you do have higher retention rates relative to these copycat nonsense.
Speaker A: To be clear, I think that's a bad explanation for Celestia. I think the reason why Celestia has high retention is. No, everyone wants to happen. Yeah, exactly. That's the reason why. Not because of the mechanics of the airdrop.
Speaker C: That is calculated in your expectation of future yield.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker C: That was not there for uni. People weren't like, oh, like, yes, we expect to get airdrop to uni holders, right? Like, that was not in the Met, the meta.
Speaker A: Right, right. But that was. That's an immersion property, right? That's not a. Well, we planned the airdrop in such a way that a bunch of other people are going to airdrop.
Speaker C: Well, I think in the case of something like Celestia or something like Eigen layer, where people who are building on top of you launch a token, inevitably there's this nice feedback loop of, like, every app airdrops to the host. Right?
Speaker A: Like, right, right. Which is a good argument for building a successful protocol. That's the key thing that causes these.
Speaker C: Airdrops to show thing it's good for. In those cases, ecosystem growth is quite. Is more sustainable than.
Speaker A: But I'm saying, look, as an entrepreneur, you can't plan for that, right? You can't be like, well, obviously, I mean, maybe Starcore thinks this, maybe Starcourse, like, well, now that I have my airdrop recipients, all the starkware users are going to get tons more airdrops, and therefore my Stark airdrop is going to be super sticky. That's not a plan. Maybe that's nice. That'd be nice if that were true. But I don't know what you can do ex ante to make that happen.
Speaker C: Well, I think you have to come up with a completely new type of thing that is much harder to predict. You have to give credit to the teams that figured out how to do that versus the ones that didn't react to the market changing. And that's what I'm saying. An airdrop is effectively a one time trading strategy done by the team, and if the team doesn't adjust their trading strategy to the market conditions, that is, other airdrops changing the circumstances, then obviously they're going to get blown away in this kind of scenario. It's just like, I think the problem is just that teams don't think of it as a trading strategy, and that's because they're, they're thinking of in the social welfare sense, but it really is fundamentally a trading strategy. Right?
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. I mean, I think the, you do raise, you do raise a good point that, you know, if you do manage to create a new identity set that is clean in a way that almost every derivative airdrop is not going to be clean. But if you're the first to be like, hey, here's a new clean set of identities of people who are real crypto users, or as close as you can, the cleanest possible version of such a dataset. People want to airdrop to that data set. That's why Farcaster, for example, Farcaster users are getting so many airdrops, is that it's a clean data set. And so in a way, it kind of behooves you to come up with some mechanic that can kind of clean out the airdrop farmers or sort of looks unincentivized or looks like it's okay, this is probably not going to be getting any airdrops, and then you actually end up airdropping to those people. I think that's getting harder and harder. And so I think the ability to bootstrap a sort of new Sybil resistant set of people that can be future airdrop recipients, it gets harder and harder with every subsequent airdrop. I mean, now GitHub is, now GitHub is contaminated thanks to Starkware and scroll. And so you're going to have to go farther afield in order to find where can we actually find a clean set of users? Maybe before too long, it's going to be people with their eyeballs scanned in. World coin might be the last bastion.
Speaker C: Well, world coins. Price suggests that.
Speaker A: Exactly. That's what it is. Basically just airdrop registry. So the other story around Starkware is the unlocks. And this has also been another drama on Twitter. Let me just take a step back for those who are not familiar. Generally speaking, when the team and the investors invest into a project early, generally speaking, they don't get liquidity at the moment of a token floating or an airdrop getting distributed. Usually the standard is that they will end up waiting about a year after the token starts floating before they face a cliff, which is the initial unlock. Usually they unlock some portion or they start unlocking, and then they unlock over some period of time. Usually three to four years is the standard for most projects. Basically, the people who initially get the airdrop or who farm the token, mine, the token stake, the token, their tokens are circulating for quite a while before the team or the investors start entering into the market. So fairly similar to what youd expect from most companies, securities, things like that. Now, there is actually a rule under the SEC, rule 144 A, which generally requires a restricted security, which is something that youre buying from the acquirer. That has to be. There are a bunch of different rules, but more or less the standard is that it cant be traded for at least a year. Now, technically, or, I dont know. None of this has been tested in court with securities or, sorry, with the tokens, because whatever its tokens, theres no case law. But my understanding, and im not a lawyer, so take all this as a grain of salt, but my understanding is that generally the thought is that the timer, the one year timer for this rule 144 a exemption to trading these restricted securities starts either at token generation, which is often called TGE. Thats when you deploy the contract that has the ERC 20 token balances, or it starts when the token starts trading. Nowadays, there tends to be a lag between the two. People actually deploy the contract first, and then later the token starts trading. But the contract is initially deployed without any tradable. The contract is locked. Essentially, it cant be traded. Okay, so starkware, obviously they sold to us investors, were one of those us investors, and, well, we're not literally in the US, but whatever, for all intensive purposes, we're SEC regulated. That timer started for starkware when they launched the token contracts, which was about ten months before the token started floating. So about ten months before today. That means that everybody who was an investor or a teammate who was put on that one year timer, that one year timer started when the token was deployed, not when the token started trading. Tokens started trading basically yesterday. So that timer expires in two months. So many people are very upset that starkware tokens from the investors and from the team start their vesting two months after the token started floating. And people are very upset about this. Curious to get your guys response. There's been a lot of back and forth about it. I think this is pretty non standard. I haven't seen a lot of other tokens do this.
Speaker C: To be fair, the market knew this happened because of sue and because their exercise time was at the generation event, which was in 2022. So, like, I don't fucking know all you people who are complaining, maybe you should have fucking listened to what they said. They told you their liquidator didn't exercise the warrant. What the fuck does that mean? Oh, well, actually, the event had to happen then. I think that's the part that I find hilarious. And it more has to do with the fact that people on Twitter just love thinking they're experts about things, but then, like, are willing to forget the facts of, like, they didn't actually read into someone actually telling them the answer earlier, and they pretend didn't happen.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'll preface by saying I'm not a lawyer nor a securities lawyer, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. But rule 144 is one of many different rules that, in a sense, to my knowledge, establishes a type of safe harbor so that transactions can occur. It's not the only one, but the intent behind it. And what it basically says is that if you wait a year from when you acquired a restricted security that was purchased from a private company, and it wasn't meant to be sold to the public, and you wait a year, then you're not an underwriter, and you, as the buyer, who then is going to be selling it, you're not tripped up into broker dealer requirements and these complex mechanisms. It's like if you wait a year, you're safe. There's other ways to potentially not be an underwriter or not trip up those rules. And obviously, the specifics of starkware, I'm sure they have teams of lawyers walking them through all this stuff, but it's possible that we're, from the outside just oversimplifying it. And the way they're doing this is not an issue at all. Fine, everyone waits two months, and then it's good. Or it's possible they could have not even waited those two months if they had other ways to demonstrate that they didn't buy it with an eye towards underwriting the offering and then reselling it or all these things. So I don't think this is too high importance to focus on.
Speaker D: It does seem like an oversight, though, right? And I've seen often it's specified more as network launch versus TGE. And then you sort of get around this issue where, okay, in reality, tge.
Speaker A: Being token generation event, correct.
Speaker D: People assume that your vesting would start at the time the network launches. And so in reality, they'd have to unlock a year from now. And so it feels like maybe there's just some oversight there. Or like, again, maybe the language was set a while ago when these warrants were done, and then, okay, now there's tgE. And so you sort of get the two conflated.
Speaker A: Yeah, TgE generally refers to when the contract is deployed, not when the token actually starts trading, which is this weird kind of no man's land. Again, we don't really have good industry norms around this yet. I suspect that the backlash against this, and to be clear, I more or less endorse the idea that investors should just do the standard thing, which is wait a year after the token starts trading before they start unlocking. I think that gives people roughly the same expectation. You just mostly want to stand in line with the market, not surprise anyone. That said, starkware was pretty transparent. This has always been there. If you see whatever token investing chart thing that everybody always chose, it showed it. There's no surprises, there's no secrets. Uh, this has been very straightforward from day one. I think people just learned this once they got the token and theyre bullish on the airdrop or whatever and they were upset about it post facto, but kind of like we were talking about with Jupiter. My view on these things is that, look, as long as youre transparent, its fine, and they are transparent. But I do think all things equal, obviously, a lot of people arent paying attention, a lot of people dont, you know, not everybody knows where to go to even find this information. And most people are just lazy. And thats kind of bottom line answer. I think its in principle fine if they unlock immediately or if they unlock in three months, they unlock in twelve months. All those are fine. Its just that the standard is twelve months. And that standard I think, gives people a market expectation. Its probably best to just stay in line with it. But were relatively small and very early investors, so we were most certainly not consulted in any way on any of this. So if we had been, I think I wouldve told them that probably ITd make sense. And I think its also possible, and weve seen it a few times, that projects will go and relock investors in response to whats going on in the market. So weve actually had a number of our deals that were going to become fully liquid and they asked investors, hey, its probably best actually, if we all agree, both team and investors lock up for longer, basically to give the market the right expectation. And usually investors, if theyre high integrity investors, usually theyll agree and say, yeah, its probably the best project.
Speaker C: Preston, I do think an interesting thing about the relocking, which definitely has increased in velocity it seems like, or the last maybe one in the bear market. It increased a lot.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker C: Because a lot of people didn't want to do events then. And basically I'm kind of curious if we're going to ever get to some legal standoff where some investor is like absolutely not, and sues and that's going to be a great corporate, oh dude.
Speaker A: I have a portfolio company that's dealing exactly this. So there are some very shady, ill say so theres some tier two exchanges that have venture arms that are very litigious and generally speaking, these kind of bottom of the barrel exchanges. I would recommend that most founders should not work with them. They tend to be very extractive and especially over the bear market. Ive heard some horror stories of every other investor agrees to a relock except for this one like shitty exchange. And they, and they just like start sending lawyer notices.
Speaker C: Paul Singer, token generation events, you know the, the minority holdout.
Speaker B: Yeah, the activists coming from the exchange. The exchange venture activist.
Speaker A: Exactly.
Speaker C: Now that is funny.
Speaker A: I mean that's how these are like two year tier, two, tier three exchanges. Like especially a lot of the asian ones. Like they're, they're so, I mean it's just really shady.
Speaker C: And presumably their reason for even investing is so that they have an idea of when they can list and figure out their feet. Right. They're probably investing not even. So they care about the project.
Speaker A: No, there's also shady stuff that happens. I mean I've heard some really crazy stories of fake supply getting minted on some of these exchanges that wasn't even there and stuff like this. It's all really bad. It's all really bad. I've heard some really fucked up stories. So all this to say, I mean part of the reason why they end up taking money from these tier two, tier three exchanges is that they offered higher prices than the VC's and they were very easy to go along with. And that's one of the reasons why we generally tell entrepreneurs, usually your highest bid is very low quality capital. And that's what you see in a bear market, is that the Delta between low quality and high quality capital ends up coming out when your project is in jeopardy. And one of the investors like look, I just want to dump. I just want to get out. I don't care about your project. I don't care about being a long term holder. So thats one of the reasons why VC's, the Delta between VC's is valuable to pay attention to in a bull market. Usually your highest bid is going to be low quality capital in a bear market is where you end up paying for it.
Speaker B: Youre advising all the founders out there to take lower valuation.
Speaker A: Thats right. Thats right. Listen up, boys. Take the lowest valuation you can.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker A: Cool. Speaking of, speaking of. No, it's not true. But speaking of VC stuff, we should talk about Athena. So Athena has also been getting a lot of hype, a lot of controversy. So I should mention Athena. We led the seed round of Athena. We're large investors in it. I don't think robot has any stake in Athena. This has become one of the most.
Speaker C: Ever.
Speaker A: I know, it's a lot. Yeah, well, usually when we disclose stuff, you guys are also invested. So that's, this is kind of the, the exception that we're invested and you guys are not. But, you know, so, so Athena, people.
Speaker C: Were commenting about that on Twitter, actually.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: They said, robot invest everything. The fact that they did not invest in Athena means the mechanism must be broken.
Speaker A: Clearly. Clearly the mechanism is broken.
Speaker C: There were some funny tweets, I gotta say.
Speaker A: Okay, so let's, let's, let's, let's describe it very briefly and do an explainer, because we got a lot of requests to just explain what the fuck is Athena? How does it even work? And why is it not a ponzi? Or is it a ponzi? And I guess we'll get the robot ventures debunking of the mechanics of this thing, but let me very briefly explain it. So this thing was seeded by us and Arthur Hayes. Originally, the genesis of this was a blog post that Arthur Hayes wrote called, was it like some crusty crust on dust? I don't remember. Crust on dust. Crust on dust. So in it, he described a new mechanic for a stable coin that is essentially a tokenized cash and carry trade. And I'm going to leave it to Tom to try to explain a little more detail what that even means. Lot of people who arent traders dont even know what any of those words mean, so. Well try to explain a little bit of detail, but basically, right now, it has about 300 million plus in TVL and the yield. So its a stable coin. If you hold a stable coin, you can get a yield of 27%. Okay, 27% net yield. That is crazy high. That is higher than what anchor was offering. And so a lot of people have looked at this and said, wow, this is the new terra. This is the new anchor. This is obviously going to blow up. This is obviously unsustainable. And something funny must be going on here? And this must be extremely dangerous. And so they've been arguing back and forth about, is this thing totally broken? And are we going to get the next big blow up in defi because of Athena? Okay, so let's explain what Athena is, and where is that yield coming from? Tom, you know the team very well. You were the one who kind of led the seed in the project. Explain to us what is Athena, and how is this not going to blow up? How is this not a giant scam?
Speaker D: Great questions. It is funny, I think, looking through the comments on crypto Twitter from the past two days, I realize maybe I'm kind of old, because the cash and carry trade is one of the oldest trades in crypto. Even before stable coins were super liquid and super available, people would offer dollar denominated accounts on exchanges using this exact same kind of trade. But now, obviously, you have stable coins. Maybe not as well known concept at its core is you're holding some sort of asset spot, so bitcoin or eth, and then you're shorting perpetual futures on an exchange to the same amount of that same asset. So I would have one eth on the exchange. I'd be short one eth per futures, and so it'd be delta neutral, effectively. But interestingly, increasingly, you're delta neutral. Basically, my position is not moving in dollar terms when the market moves. Um, when, uh, uh, in, in crypto, perpetual futures, uh, again, maybe as. As a. As a explainer for people, you can think of them as basically continuously rolling futures. So, um, every, let's say 8 hours, which is kind of the standard, um, uh, the. The exchange will look at the difference between the index price and where the market. The market is currently traded. Um, that rate, if it's above the index price, that difference effectively gets paid to people who are the short, if it's below it gets paid to people who are long. And historically, in crypto, people are extremely bullish. People are willing to pay money and pay interest rates to pay interest to get long on an asset. And so historically, this averages around about 10% APY gets paid to people who short buy people who are long on these perp futures products. So, rolling back a little bit, you're holding each spot, you're shorting eth futures, and you're getting paid. This short position is getting paid by people who are long eth, perp futures on the exchange. And so you sort of collect this interest rate effectively from other people who are also on the perks exchange. The reason why Athena is interesting so again, not a new idea. It's been around in crypto for a while. Athena is interesting in two different regards. One, the concern with this always historically has been what happens when funding rate goes negative? What happens when, hey, actually, shorts are paying longs now. You have this short position that is gradually bleeding out because it's no longer going to be worth one eth because you're paying interest rate to longs. What happens then? Hey, people have tried to do this in the past in Defi of, hey, let's use decentralized perks in order to have this, you know, tokenized cash and carry. By the way, I should be also very clear. The team does not call it a stable coin. It's not a stable coin. It is a synthetic dollar or crypto bond.
Speaker C: They did. They did though. Let's not forget that they did.
Speaker D: No, it's not on the website. It's on the press announcement.
Speaker C: Not now, but earlier there was actually mention, I think that was the thing to me that I always found very weird.
Speaker D: Maybe like a year ago. I don't. I don't think the team positions it, though. They're very upfront about the.
Speaker C: I think we should be clear about that was, that was part of the marketing when they were fundraising, right?
Speaker D: I don't think it was.
Speaker A: I think that was fundraising when they were fine. Yeah, maybe in the very, very beginning, but before they launched. Before they launched publicly. Yeah, before they launched publicly. I think. I think a lot of that was kind of narrowing down the language that make sure that they represent the right thing to people. Because calling it a stable coin, I does have a certain implication about the degree of stability of the asset. I don't think it's likely that this cash and carry, tokenized cash and carry trade is going to be as stable as a USDC.
Speaker D: Yes, and we've also seen the problems with USDC.
Speaker A: Got you.
Speaker D: Point being. Two things I think are different this time. One, with the rise of liquid staking tokens, you have this nice continuous background yield that can basically act as a buffer in the event that funding rates go negative for an extended period of time. So if you're earning 4% on your staked eth, that can offset a period of funding of time when funding goes down to 410 percent, whatever it actually is. So you have a nice buffer there that you previously didn't have. If you had just this bitcoin, for example, cash and carry position when funding goes negative, you are actually bleeding out because there's nothing to offset it. The other interesting part that I was mentioning earlier on the decentralized perks is Athena is basically tapping into a network of these NPC custodians that are separate from the exchanges. So you don't have this FTX type of risk because you have these separate third parties that are actually holding these positions in order to tap into centralized exchange open interest, which right now, I think is about $8 billion just in ETH. I think bitcoin is even larger, like $11 billion. Historically, these things have always tapped out because there simply isn't enough open interest on decentralized perps to allow these things to grow. Now, we've sort of seen how big and how popular perps are on centralized exchanges. The protocol can basically tap into these huge centralized exchange markets and, in theory, grow into them as the protocol grows. So, a few different things, I think are really interesting. What about what Athena is doing? And I think the big point here is, it's a novel product. People have tried to do things like this in the past. They've always been hamstrung by a couple of these different issues. Athena, I think, is a very interesting new approach, and they have all the exchanges on board to allow this network to form and allow them to tap into this really huge market.
Speaker A: What are the biggest risks, then, to Athena, in your mind?
Speaker D: The big risk that people always talk about is, again, this funding rate issue, which is what happens when funding rates go negative. The answer is, there's a couple of different lines of defense. One is this insurance fund. So, hey, if you look historically, I think only 15 days or something, when we've had funding rates go negative, and even that are for very brief periods of time.
Speaker A: 15 days over what period of time?
Speaker D: I think it's the past three, four years of data they published, or maybe it's 15%. Anyway, they published a bunch of historical data describing what happens with funding rates over the past few years. And so when we're talking about funding rates going negative, this is not, oh, all of a sudden, this position is underwater. This stable coin is under collateralized. It's, hey, you're busy paying interest, or stablecoin holders are basically slowly bleeding out, or slowly paying interest, versus, hey, all of a sudden, this collateral is worthless, and there's nothing, I think, of it kind of similar to when maker has a bad liquidation, as we've seen in the past. Okay, well, we can re top up this. This collateral, but it's not as if, hey, this thing is suddenly busto, for example. The other thing, I think that. I think so the way Athena addresses this is you have this insurance fund, you have this additional staked yield, and then at some point in the future, I think they will look into ways to basically have a sort of protocol level backstop. I don't want to get too far into the details. In addition to again, building up this buffer from the yield that is accruing only to people who really stake susde, not all the yields going to be passed down directly to stablecoin holders. So the 27% that you see on their website or on Twitter, that is a representation of current market events. In the same way, hey, during crazy market spikes, you can also earn 1215 percent on your USDC on compound or AAVE. It's not promising you 20% the same way anchor did. Hey, this is the current market rate. It's not guaranteed that we're going to be paying you 27% in perpetuity. And in fact, I suspect it probably will go down over time as the market sort of matures and as this thing grows.
Speaker A: So TLDR you make money in the good times, you spend it down in the bad times. And the expectation is that crypto markets historically have been capital constrained as USD or what? Sorry, USD. What the fuck is it?
Speaker D: USD.
Speaker A: USD is basically like providing capital to markets to allow them to gamble on the price of ether, essentially. And people historically want to go long. So if you are giving them the ability to go long, they will generally pay you for that. And when theyre not paying you for that, you will be paying a little bit of interest. And that interest, you draw down what youve made in the good times. And thats more or less the idea.
Speaker B: Well, the biggest risk I see, and I dont mean to sound too negative, is that its essentially a tokenized hedge fund, where the hedge fund is managing a somewhat complex trading strategy across many different exchange venues. And the best case scenario, best case scenario is that you get the funding rate implied by the futures and perps on a variety of different crypto exchanges, which you could do on your own. The worst case scenario is that the hedge fund doesnt perform in line with the implied funding rate on all of these different crypto exchanges for any number of reasons why it could go wrong. And I think thats the fundamental risk. Im excited to see it play out. Im always a little bit skeptical of these things, but this is, you know, a very non autonomous system at the end of the day.
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah. I mean, this is v one. It's a capped launch. I think they've been pretty upfront about the risks.
Speaker C: I think there are plans, obviously, that I disagree with. I think my main criticism actually is the insurance mechanism. So the fact that the staked USDA takes no risk, so the staked USD, which is basically part of their design, always gets positive yield, and the negative yield goes only to the insurance fund. And the fact that 99% of their docs talk about how the insurance fund has like there's no impact cost to it, where in the sense that if this thing grew sufficiently large, the ability for the insurance fund to actually like the insurance fund having to take the losses would be taking them at the worst time. All the analysis assumes kind of this like linear growth of funding rate, no kind of worst case volatility assumption. And that's how they get the kind of small insurance fund that they claim. That is a very misleading thing. We've actually in fact seen that blow up with UXD and Lemma multiple times. And I think obviously they had Dex liquidity, so it was much harder. But I think like there's a bit too much of a rosy, to Leshner's point, theres a bit too much of rosiness in some of the assumptions that are made now. I also think that as long as people are okay realizing theyre holding this vault strategy, which is trying to stay around some target range, thats great. But if people start believing in the same way that they believed in anchor, that it is a stable coin, and that they have a way of its free stablecoin like yield, and they start making the size of this thing very large relative to the rest of the market, that is exactly when all the operational shit blows up and there's a lot of rosy colored rainbows in their docs about this. And I would say that to me that's the most misleading part about this. On the other hand, it's an idea that has been tried and failed because on chain it's too hard to do. I actually think that minus the regulatory risk, I could totally see governments intervening and shutting it down. They told the custodians, plus the exchanges shut down these accounts, the whole game is up. But ignoring that risk, I actually think that part is a novel, interesting idea. But I do think there's a bit of sugar coating here. And that's fine. Whatever. The market is dumb right now. It's going to be DJ and it's going to be like Terra. But I don't think the blow up will be when it kind of, if there is an unwind will be as bad because it is generally much more collateralized. But I do think there is quite a bit of. A little bit too much. You read the Arthur Hayes stuff. It's like, clearly the guy didn't even. I love Arthur.
Speaker D: Yeah. But just to be clear, it is fully collateralized. There's nothing in the sense that this ethnic future. Do you have an insurance fund for.
Speaker C: A fully collateralized thing at all times? No, that's not true. That's the point. The point is there can be this time when you don't have. You're not. Right?
Speaker B: Yeah. If funding costs are hypothetically in a bear market or whatever, negative 50% for, like, a couple days, it rips through an insurance fund really, really, really fast.
Speaker D: So I think true might also be slightly salty because they hired chaos labs instead of gauntlet to do their analysis on what the insurance fund might be required to support $40 billion.
Speaker C: Yeah, but that analysis literally looks like a fucking undergrad. Like, I will describe this analysis to you as the following.
Speaker A: Okay, every year, here we go.
Speaker C: You go. You go to. You know, you look at undergrad, say, like, ML classes, and there'll be, like, five papers that are like, hey, look, I can beat the s p 500 with this simple model that I trained with no impact costs, no transaction fees, no kind of, like, worst case assumptions, and the entire thing is literally written like this fucking rosy undergrad data science project. I would be embarrassed if I ever wrote something like that, for the record. I mean, I'm sure they're probably a little scared shitless based on their reaction on Twitter, because, honestly, that is kind of embarrassing research to have written for stuff like this rosy colored assumption. And just like everyone is complaining on Twitter. Like, for instance, what Kobe wrote, what other people written. The impact cost is the problem, right? Like, when you are large enough and you change the market, the thing doesn't behave in the same way. And that part is the part that is misrepresented completely. So, like, yes, you can say, okay, fine. Like, maybe it's a personal animus, but, like, it's like, the fucking most basic part of this analysis that's wrong. And it's like, yeah, I mean, I hear you.
Speaker D: That, hey, if Athena does get to eight bill and starts to meaningfully warp the futures market, then, yeah, there will be some concerns around, hey, how is execution going to affect the quality of the stablecoin? It's also why the team is trying to grow responsibly. Tell me why.
Speaker C: Worst case analysis doesn't assume that or assume there's impact. It's literally written like a dumb undergrad paper that's like, I beat the s and P 500 all the time.
Speaker B: The risk isn't even going to come from them. And the underlying strategy, in my mind, it's going to come from the system built on top of it, where there's going to be some products built on top of that, levers it up and that's going to. Yeah, it's going to attract like $300 million and a 3% move in USDE, which is like very easy to have happen, is going to lead to a 60% move in this thing built on top. And it's going to cause who knows what impacts. But it's not going to come from this product necessarily. It's going to come when this gets integrated into other systems, when it becomes a market in Morfo or something. It's going to have some unknown impact somewhere else. And people have to realize that there will be days where the funding rate is negative. And at scale, this might move the market into a negative funding situation. The other thing I'll say is. Yeah, the other thing I'll say is that they have some ability to mitigate that by being essentially an actively managed hedge fund underneath the hood, so to speak. Because if you look at it on the CME, there's almost no funding curve at all. It's almost like a completely flat funding rate for ether futures. Whereas on some of the exchanges they've picked, which are like as offshore as it gets, the curves are really steep, but the total mass market funding size is not that big.
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, if you look at traditional securities, right, like generally, the funding curve approximates what you would pay for the risk free rate because it competes with margin, which is also true. I think I hear all that. I think, again, the team is also looking at tranching ways. I mean, you sort of mentioned, hey, should s USD yielders not take first loss? You can make the same argument around SDAI holders. And in fact, you could draw a sort of similar analogy to MKR as a governance hold token and whatever potential token might come through Athena in the future.
Speaker C: And so holders have much more predictable rates, right? They have lower rate volatility. So the way to think about SDI in that scenario is very different than this. In this kind of, like worst case.
Speaker D: To be clear, the yields are not paid out instantaneously, they're not paid out.
Speaker C: Necessarily all directly to you. If youre marking your portfolio, which you have to do as a hedge fund for this would be marking it and looking at your overall portfolio volatility and the volatility for estai is going to be lower because of its composition. So theres a lot of nuance to this, which I think is why I dont buy the rosy colored marketing. Also the marketing, I actually dont think.
Speaker D: SDI collateral is more stable because youre taking pure eth market risk versus something that is delta neutral, and taking some funding risk, like in a worst case scenario, trying to get 50% versus the.
Speaker C: Rate curves in maker is very different. Right. There's all the duration risk differences between the two of those, especially because funding is paid out periodically.
Speaker D: Yes, I would agree with that. I think the point being, hey, we're not talking a scenario where the value of the collateral drops 30% in a day, as it is with a lot of long tail tokens or even a lot of major lending protocols have had issues with these. We're talking about a scenario where suddenly funding starts to drop and you're paying a few bits per day, which can be, again, mitigated with a sufficient treasury. Again, it's not as if this is something where, hey, we let this thing grow in infinite size and totally warp the market until it crashes. It's more about, hey, how does this thing grow in a way that's also sustainable and scalable?
Speaker A: Yeah, look, I will say, I haven't read the Cas labs paper inside. I can't weigh in one way or another of whether they had rosy colored glasses. I'm sure they do, because it's a startup and they started with nothing. And so, yes.
Speaker C: A little embarrassing. I mean, I feel like if this blew up.
Speaker A: Okay, fair enough, fair enough, fair enough. Yes, I get the idea. I will say, I think the team, I'm not as close to them as Thomas, but the team has been pretty active on Twitter, just basically responding to everybody. And I think they've also been pretty transparent. They're like, yeah, look, there's custodian risk, there's counterparty risk, centralization risk. We want to get it to a version of the system that is more automated and more predictable. But right now, look, we have v one. We guarded launch all this stuff like lStdpeg, all these things. They are risks. This is a system that's composed of, of many underlying systems that couldn't exist four years ago, but it can exist today. But the way that I think about it, and this is also the way that I encourage everybody at Dragonfly to think about it, is that I don't think it's useful to talk about it as a stable coin as opposed to think about it as a financial product, it is a tokenized cash and carry trade with everything that a tokenized cash and carry trade would entail. And if you don't understand what that is, you should not buy this product. You should not invest in, uh, Athena, because that's, that's what it is. If you don't know what that is, you should go read up what that is and understand what it is before you consider investing in points. What's that?
Speaker B: They have.
Speaker A: There's a lot of shit that has points. There's a lot of shit that has points. All that stuff also has idiosyncratic risks. If you don't understand those idiosyncratic risks, you should not buy it, if you understand what it is. And that's the thing, too. Is that like a lot of what we're talking about, I mean, we're assuming people even know what a cash and carry trade is. I think a lot of people even have to listen this episode, don't understand what a cash and carry trade is. And that's okay. Crypto, its very clear this thing is not going to replace USDC or tether. It obviously cant grow to a scale, and it has much more volatility than what youd think of as a normal stablecoin, which is why everybody whos invested has encouraged the team. Dont call this a stablecoin, because people are going to misunderstand what it is and what the risks are. I think its best understood as a tokenized financial product that is delta neutral. That is desirable if that's what you're looking for. And obviously, a lot of people do, because a lot of people do the cash and carry trade in crypto. And I think making that cash and carry trade tokenized, composable, easy to use, is cool. Comes with risks. Every financial product comes with risks. And finance is going to do what finance is going to do, which is probably compose those risks and create weird Frankenstein monsters out of them. But welcome to crypto. If we were concerned that people were not going to do that, we probably should never invented staking in the first place. So that's my two cent. I mean, Vitalik did invent staking. I would say so. He did technically. I mean, not us, obviously, but crypto.
Speaker C: No, no, wait, wait, wait. What was that coin before that had the first proof of stake?
Speaker A: Coin was much a pure coin.
Speaker C: Pure coin.
Speaker A: I think it was pure coin. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, fair enough.
Speaker C: Their model doesn't look like the car slashing.
Speaker A: Slash invented slashing. Right. Staking in the modern sense I think is staking with value at risk is was invented by Vitalik. So anyway, all right well im sure were going to get a lot of people yelling at us but we were getting a lot of people asking for our take on Athena and given how close we are to the project, that said, obviously nothing here is investment advice. If you are considering holding Athena, dont do it. Its a very scary project. And caveat emperor, if youre a big boy and you understand the risks then you should do your own research and you know, don't take anything you read at too much face value without investigating it yourself. So if there's any lesson in crypto that should be it anyway. All right that's a wrap. I'm sure we'll have people yelling at us next week about this so we'll come back and address all the criticism then. Thanks everybody. Until then, until next time. See everybody, it.
