Speaker A: Hey unchained listeners. As you know its hard keeping up with the fast paced world of crypto, so weve got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. youll get the latest crypto news in original articles from our reporters, as well as summaries of other happenings in bullet points. Plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. Its still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot. Again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot.
Speaker B: Not a dividend, its a tale of tuqan.
Speaker C: Now your losses are on someone elses balance sheet.
Speaker B: Generally speaking, airdrops are kind of pointless anyways.
Speaker C: I named trading firms who are very involved.
Speaker B: Alec Eth is the ultimate possibility.
Speaker D: Defi protocols are the antidote to this problem.
Speaker C: Hello everybody. Welcome to the chopping block. Every couple of weeks, the four of us get together and give the industry insiders perspective on the crypto topics of the day. So first up we've got Robert, crypto connoisseur and tsar of Superstate. Then we've got Tarun, the Giga brain and grand Poobah at Gauntlet. And today we've got a repeat guest, Evgeni, the markets maven at winter mute trading. And then you've got myself. I'm Haseeb, the head hype man at Dragonfly. So we are early stage investors in crypto, but I want to caveat that nothing we say here is investment advice, legal advice, or even life advice. Please see choppingblock XYZ for more disclosures. Evgeny, it's good to have you back, sir. We were just chatting backstage about the fact that if you're in the market making world, in the token trading world, as you guys are at wintermute, what's notable right now is that it is one of the slowest times ever in basically like the last three to four years of crypto. How is that on the side of a trading firm? Because we see it from the venture side. What is it like on the trading side?
Speaker E: Pretty similar, I guess it's like 2019, basically, more or less. We haven't seen those volumes since early 2020. In general, it's very slow, especially in sports. It's a bit more busy in derivatives, but just primarily, people are gambling a bit more. But yeah, it's ultimately pretty, pretty boring. And so I think that's what kind of drives all this, like, very short attention span for people involved in crypto. All this, like, new scams once a week that pop up. Yeah, it's all like, people are just bored and trying to come up with stuff to do, which actually covered.
Speaker B: There were news articles this week about a token. That is a meme coin called Harry Potter. Sonic. Obama. I forgot.
Speaker C: 1010. That's right. A lot of work there. Can't remember. Forget the ten. I was just reading about this. Apparently it is a meme coin inspired by a backpack that was found, like a sort of bootlegged backpack that was using a lot of unlicensed images from different american icons. So, like, Obama and Harry Potter and all this other stuff together and Sonic, the Sonic, which is weirdly, kind of inverted colors, kind of trippy sonic. And this has just developed this cult following. And the ticker for the token is actually bitcoin. So it is b I t c o I n is the ticker for this coin. And right now it's like $150 million market captain. I guess the people are bored. So, evgeny, when you're at a trading firm and it's boring, do you guys just, like, start trading meme coins? What do you do when there's not that much to do?
Speaker E: It's mostly building stuff that we didn't have time to build during the bull market, pretty much. It's very similar to how it works in treadfight, to be honest. It's like you have slow days and, well, slow periods. Bull markets bear markets the same kind of cycles. They just, like longer usually. And during the slow markets, like, I know in 2009, you just build stuff. You work on better algos, you work on better software, better hardware, better everything.
Speaker D: What's the most interesting thing that you've built? During the slow patch?
Speaker E: I would say our defi stack improved considerably. I think that's something. I think that's the coolest thing we built so far. And, yeah, I think that's probably the main thing. And then more on the, like, in general, like, we've been much more active on OTC side of things as well. So we built, but it's not really building algos. It's more like building stuff in the background on the back office side, on legal side, compliance side, just being ready.
Speaker D: So without leaking too much alpha, how do you interact with DeFi as an organization like yours?
Speaker E: I mean, we've been trading on DeFi since 2019, so it's all the usual stuff. Like, we've been supporting DYDX since onset and all its incarnations, and we're going to be there for the before. We've been ARBN pretty much since defy summer. We are very bullish on RFQ platforms in general, so been providing liquidity there as well. So it's, yeah, whatever we can be, we can apply ourselves and especially the Ethereum stack. It's really interesting. Like post merge with those, like, yeah, basically building the whole vertical effectively not just arbitrary, but also block building and like everything pretty much it's, it became quite complex. You have to do much more advanced things compared to two, three years ago.
Speaker C: Interesting. So actually this reminds me that back last year you were talking about building your defi stack. Last year there were a couple of very high profile snafus that took place at wintermute about your guys, defi infrastructure and key management. I remember on the show Tarun talked a lot of shit toward Wintermute and I feel like that. Yeah, I remember. I'm sure you remember that as well. And I feel like now that we have you on the show, it feels like a good time to address the underlying tension that might be sitting there between you and Tarun. Anything that you want to say on Tarun now that you're here on Tarun?
Speaker E: Yeah, no, look, it's more like, let's put it like this. I don't know, during its history, winter mid raised, I know, 28, 29 million overall in external funding ever. They're currently sitting at about 450 plus million of equity. So we've been having a pretty impressive growth overall the last three years. We made a lot of mistakes. We generally like, well, we generally own those mistakes. We are much more public about those mistakes in general. We very much like to learn from it, from them. We build things better. So like have a g five stack and whatever, not. And great thing about running a crop shop as opposite to fund is you basically, yeah, you own your mistakes in a very personal way, like nobody else suffers but you unless you go bankrupt, which we didn't ultimately hexagged. Like all this. Well, basically the Defi snafus, whatever you call it, sucked. FTX sucked. But ultimately we owned it, we learned from it, we built from it. And ultimately, like only people who paid from it were Windermere shareholders who are still doing quite well despite everything. So that's also kind of fine. And yeah, with regards to that particular episode, some people chose to be nice about it, some people, people chose to be jicks about it. And I made a notice about the letter pot and let's leave it at that.
Speaker C: Very classy response. Tarun, what's your response here?
Speaker B: I think I was more angry last year also. Just like there were a lot of, I think especially around time FTX, we saw a lot more kind of like, let's say badlandhouse, things that happen. So, you know, I get that it's hard to do these things. At the same time, I do still stand by my claim that culturally, trading firms are usually very bad at OPSeC and security. And that's why on the block building side, if you look at the top block builders and what I was talking about, a lot of them came from being formal verification people and actually not trading. Like, if you look at the top two blockbuilders. So I would say that we are.
Speaker E: One of the top two blockbuilders. Depends how you measure them.
Speaker B: Yeah. I would say your main competitor, however, is much more, comes from a different background, let's put that way. I still think that ends up being true. And I think it's good that, hey, look, if an institution learns to fix their mistakes, especially if they're forced to, then that's always a good thing. I don't know. I don't know what you want me to say, haseeb.
Speaker C: You're just like, there's nothing in particular I wanted you to say.
Speaker B: You're giving me this, like, menacing look. Like, I'm waiting.
Speaker C: Menacing? I'm not. I'm not menacing. I just thought, hey, you know, we had some bad blood. We should air it out before we got on with the show.
Speaker D: This is the under the bridge episode. The water is flowing.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's right. That's right. This is.
Speaker B: I just feel like you're also forgetting the timescale that, that when that happened. I feel like after nine months ago.
Speaker C: Of course, of course, of course. Yeah. I mean, that was just like the beginning of the parade of horribles that took place in crypto.
Speaker B: So I feel like I took out maybe more anger because it was one of the earlier mishaps. Then now I'm where. I'm kind of like, all right, well, it is what it is.
Speaker C: No, that's fair. And look, in retrospect, the highest honor you can pay a trading firm is that they survived, because, of course, a lot of trading firms did not, especially ones that were as far down the risk curve as a winter mute. It's easy when you're on centralized exchanges just doing very safe stuff, but when you're taking a lot of risk. Yeah, you're going to mess up sometimes. And I think this is the exact point that I made when we were talking about the wintermute hacks that took place last year, is that I have the utmost respect for firms that are internalizing the cost of that risk. When Wintermute got hacked, nobody else paid that price other than wintermute. And that means that the markets are working and that there is no. There are a lot of situations last year where people lost other people's money, and FTX being the big, gigantic principal example of that. But anytime that somebody loses their own money and they learn from it and they rebuild and build back better, I'm. I'm a fan. I think that's. That's markets doing what they're supposed to do.
Speaker B: So, anyway, I am sorry if for causing said beef. I guess it was a different era. You know, at that time, it was just like the security.
Speaker C: Tarun is often. Tarun is soft. He's got. He's gotten older. He's got.
Speaker B: I mean, Gary was sending private keys for FTX in Gmail. Like, all right, if we're comparing sheets, Google sheets, you know, like, it's like, after all the other security stuff at this point, I view this as there were just too many things after that. And now my head hurts just remembering how many of those things happened. So, anyway, I will give a public apology for hopefully not being too much of a dick at that time.
Speaker C: That's very, very hard.
Speaker B: Hindsight not warranted.
Speaker C: Feels very hard. I'm so tickled by this. I feel like it's a product, both of you getting older and cuddlier over time. But also the fact that everything else in the bear market was so much more embarrassing than what took place at winter Butte.
Speaker B: This.
Speaker C: So it's also partially lowering standards.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think it's just, like, also being able to survive all the venues disappearing on you and, like, dealing with, like, very. I got a lot of respect for that because, like, think about how many times you had to move all your assets off an exchange in the last one year.
Speaker D: Wait, let me ask a question. How many exchanges was wintermute on that went under with wintermute assets?
Speaker C: Let's not presume.
Speaker E: Let's ask just one, really. I mean, that's like, no, there are not that many exchanges at Vermonda. I mean, okay, like, if you count liquid as part of FTX, like, we didn't really have anything on liquid anyway, but, okay, like, that's, like, more than one. But, like, my biggest challenge with current environment is, like, I think there are a lot of zombies still out there. Like, on exchanges side. And we don't trade on a lot of them because we actually think that a lot of them are zombies.
Speaker C: Can you elaborate? Which exchanges. Which exchanges do you suspect would be?
Speaker E: I wish. Yeah, no, it's. That's. That's kind of.
Speaker D: Which exchanges do you not trade on? We don't need any.
Speaker C: Yeah. Which large exchanges? Which. Which exchanges are the top ten do you not trade on? No comment. On whether or not they're zombies?
Speaker E: Yeah, I mean, that's. It's kind of like it's overlapping circles. Pretty much like us suspecting them being zombies and not trading on. Zam.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, look, after what happened with FTX last year, I do feel like it's a bit of a public service to, you know, you can say, look, I don't know. I'm not confident, you know, caveat, emperor. We don't have all the information, but here's where we're not trading.
Speaker E: The hardest bit is you just, like. I mean, I can say it, and then I just make a lot of enemies for no good reason. And that's. That's basically the unfortunate truth of it, that we cannot name things that, like, they're just, like, too big to name things, unfortunately. And when I can name things, like, when I can name bad actors, I do it. I pretty much always. But sometimes you just don't know. Okay. There is an exchange, and it belongs to a guy, and he is a shady guy, but I don't know, maybe he'll still be around in five years time. Who knows?
Speaker C: Okay, I see. There's one exchange in particular that belongs to a guy who may be around in five years. Okay, I see. I think I might know the exchange you're referring to.
Speaker B: I don't just mean, like, pulling off money around, say, FTX. I also mean, like, every time there's, like, a scare, and then there's a rush of liquidity all off this exchange because of a rumor. And you as a market maker, you have to stop quoting. You have to, like, add all this extra logic for, like, pull from x when y liquidity goes on. You know, I feel like it actually makes all your, like, exit trade logic a lot more annoying.
Speaker E: I mean, yes, but you also kind of built for it. Like, we had something like four, five fire drills. Well, fire drills with binance, for example, over the last six months. And, yeah, we just learned to do it to clean it up in a matter of hours, basically.
Speaker D: So binance is one that you do trade on.
Speaker E: Okay, so, yeah, I mean, you cannot, like, as a trading. As a trading firm, you cannot not trade on binance, and you might as well just close shop. Like, it's pointless. That's. That's where most of liquidity is currently.
Speaker C: Especially at a time when liquidity is so scarce in general.
Speaker B: I believe, if I remember correctly, there was also an article about you making an exchange.
Speaker D: Oh, yeah, I remember that.
Speaker E: It's basically us mentioning that it would be an interesting idea to explore. So it's not like the same as making, which I still think would be.
Speaker B: It was like the front cover. It was a front cover of a magazine. This was not like, oh, like the block wrote a tiny article, so I.
Speaker E: Don'T, you know, I wish it was a front cover. No, no. It was just like online cover or something.
Speaker B: It was a big. It was a big article. I don't know.
Speaker E: No, that's what they chose to highlight. Out of all of it, I still think it's a really good time to build an exchange, to be honest.
Speaker D: Are you building an exchange?
Speaker E: Not at the moment, simply because it just takes a lot of focus, and I have a lot of other things to focus on, primarily in the core business of intermediate. It's just I cannot afford to lose this focus at the moment. Maybe in two, three months time, maybe. But currently I just don't have mental capacity. And frankly, as a team, you need to do build an exchange is such a massive undertaking that I just cannot take it lightly if you ever do it.
Speaker D: Hypothetically, if you were to build an exchange, what would be different about it versus existing incoming exchanges?
Speaker E: I think what would be. I think this exchange, if you were to build an exchange, it would be much more similar to CME than to binance, to Coinbase. Like, I think it would be focused much more on the matching engine and basically like the central clearing part, basically stripping away all KyC ML for retail people, stripping away managing leverage, stripping away like all the horrible things about running your own centralized exchange in crypto and just making it much more CME, like, and basically focusing on one hand, kind of like, what does BF tried to do with FTX, like making this central clearing run a very efficient cross margin in kind of like engine, and on the other hand, kind of like improving on CME side, it would be basically running on the stable coins instead of fiat, so that you can do settlement cycles faster. And if you can do settlement cycles faster, you effectively can extend more leverage to the clearing members as a result.
Speaker C: Have you considered hiring 20 kids, feeding them a bunch of speed and sending them to an island letting them. They could probably build something. Yeah, yeah, they'd probably build something with that. No, not in the cards. Okay.
Speaker E: That's like one big change for us. Over the last year or so, we started like slowly incubating those products inside ventrue like we did bebop, which was just our play on RFQ. Like, well, you had Lawrence the other day who is building wildcat. So we started dabbing into building products and slowly moving into becoming product company. And basically what I learned is it's a very different gig building and trading companies, especially if you just trade on centralized exchanges. It's kind of straightforward, like, all you need is former traders and then as it becomes more complex, you give them more support with back office operations and everything else, and better developers and everything. That's great. But ultimately, yeah, product is very different because as a trained company, you don't have customers. Like, it's very easy. You just need to build big algos or smart algos as a product company actually to think about a lot more things. And that's what I'm learning for myself. And exchanges, like ultimate boss to conquer because there is just so much to be built well.
Speaker C: So speaking of product companies, let's get into the news of the week. So Coinbase has launched, of course, this product that's getting all this attention now, which is base, their l two now base. I think last week we talked about how base had a developer mode that was initially getting some traction, getting some meme coins and rug pulls and all sorts of crypto chicanery. But finally this week, I believe as of August 9, base finally launched their main net, basically meaning that now there's a nice little interface and you can jump across the bridge and start playing around on top of base. A bunch of protocols have been deployed there. So compound uniswap aave a lot of the big protocols are now living on base. The base numbers actually look pretty strong. So the TVL on base is about 230 million as of right now, which makes it the number five. L two by TVL behind Dydx and then Dydx behind zksync. Their daily active users seem to be, or daily active addresses, I should say seem to be around 100k. They were growing quite a bit and now it seems like they've mostly stabilized, although who knows? There obviously could be a surge of activity. But as of right now, it doesn't seem like it's going vertical from there. The transactions per second is around seven. Now, that's not like peak throughput, that's like the sustained throughput that it has over the course of the day, which is, again, it's pretty high. If there was a while. Actually, I think yesterday it was actually higher than both arbitrum one and optimism mainet. But now it's gotten back in line with the two of them. So it looks like the activity is pretty strong on base. It's not crazy, it's not quite binance smart chain levels, but it's, it's doing quite well. Uh, it seems a lot of the activity on top of base is meme coins, lots of farming, lots of kind of degenerate excitement. That seems to be the name of the day. I don't know what you guys have been seeing on your feeds or if you guys been playing around in some of the applications on top of base, but what's your guys take on what's happening in this new ecosystem?
Speaker D: Well, I will preface by saying that I have not used base yet. I'm embarrassed to say I've created zero transactions on base. We've bridged assets, we've done anything. So I can only look from the outside. But to me, I think it's pretty bullish in that couple hundred million dollars. It takes a lot of l two s a long time to get any traction at all. And I think people are sort of like preemptively migrating to base on the expectation that Coinbase will make it successful and attract developers and attract a lot of new applications and use cases and integration with Coinbase. The exchange in novel ways that I don't think have been thought through yet. I think this is demonstrating that the brand that Coinbase has built alone is selling the dream for a lot of users. If this was a product of a random developer team, I don't think you would see any similar activity or usage.
Speaker C: Tarun, what's your take?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, I think it's sort of a similar type of thing. I think it has a lot more integrations. I only sent one or two transactions, so I can only say that that much. The wallet experience is a lot better. At least, you know, if you're using coinbase wallet, for instance, I think the interesting thing has actually been the kind of cognizante pushback against base in that like if you've, if you are trolling around Twitter, you'll see a lot of people complaining about the lack of fraud proofs and you can see all the other l two s kind of like really collaborating on their dunking of this. Wait, what?
Speaker C: That's true for every op stack. None of the op stack.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. But I think base took a lot of TVL from other l two s. So there. Oh, this is a response. It's very interesting to watch the social layer in crypto, like flip like that, because I feel like in normal trading, there's not usually that much benefit to kind of like having these like very public collusive events. But, you know, like everyone seemed to. Every other l two seems to be on board of the like no fault proof op stack thing, and you can, you can kind of see some of the wars going on there. So I think that's kind of interesting. It's like, it will be interesting if base actually really pushes everyone to finally finish their implementations. But I think, like, in general, probably pretty good that people are going to get used to l two experience. And, you know, a lot of people were tagging me on Twitter from something I said on the podcast a long time ago when base was first announced, which was me reading someone else's tweet. So some people think I said this, but which is that base is BSC for white people. I think it definitively seems to be true now at this point.
Speaker C: Well, so the question, Taruna, is we've kind of an idea of what base is. Obviously it could continue to grow if something goes really viral. Has this overperformed or underperformed your expectations?
Speaker B: One way I think it did overperform is that like most altudes right now have either focused on applications that are like games run as they're on l two, or new DeFi protocols that are more expensive, or deploy existing protocol. By and large, that's like the majority of applications. But the interesting thing with base is that because it had this huge initial growth spurt, it was actually a social app that became very popular, the social app. I think this is the first time we've seen something like that in the bear market, in the bull market, you saw things like this happen. There is clearly a thing where developers feel much more incentivized to build certain types of applications on base, as far as I can tell, versus, say, other chains that maybe have different trade offs or different types of users. The type of user who would go on base tends to have x as a characteristic. It's obviously the early days of this type of stuff, but that's where it deviated from my expectation. I thought it would just be like another l two, maybe have more stable coins on it, because people are able to move from Coinbase products to it more easily. But the fact that developers seem to have, are trying weirder experiments than they are on other l two s. And this is not to say that people aren't on other l two s. I think it's just that those experiments just aren't live or haven't had gotten as much traction like that. That was sort of the most surprising thing to me.
Speaker C: Evgeny, what struck you so far about the base rollout?
Speaker E: I mean, in general, I think it's a good saying that we have more tools in the mix. I would be very cautious about the user numbers. It's very clearly not 100,000 users. I don't think it's even 10% of that. To me, it's one of the most infuriating thing about DeFi. Nobody actually bothers to try to estimate what's the number of users we have. Everyone knows BSC has the most of it, and then Polygon is second. But how many it is actually, nobody cares. Everyone counts wallets or transactions, all this vanity stats, but nobody actually tries to estimate how many actual users do trade. There benefit of Coinbase is, I would be very curious to see the numbers, how many Coinbase wallet users trade on base, because that's actually a pretty good metric, and that's actually what can position it to success ultimately. I'm also very curious how coinbase is going to walk this line between, on one hand, maintaining this, well, either facade or actual desire to keep it very decentralized, and at the same time to avoid stuff like bolt happening basically again and again, because we'll see more scams inevitably, and whether they're going to be actively policing it and trying to prevent it, or is it just going to continue with Wild west? Yeah. Quite curious how they're going to take it.
Speaker C: Yeah, this is a point that I made when we talked originally about the announcement of base before it was ever live, which is that in the early days of binance smart chain, binance basically had total control over the bridge that moved in and out of binance smart chain. And as a result, binance sort of played policemen for the chain. Is that when there would be hacks or there would be kind of other rug pulls, untoward activity, binance would basically step in and kind of feel like they were responsible for making sure none of the kids bonked their heads against each other or got injured. Now, Coinbase hasn't shown yet the willingness to go in and start doing that, basically policing bad actors or making sure that, like, okay, we're going to freeze funds or prevent people from going over the bridge, but the thing is to Tarun's point that all these other lts are complaining about, which is strictly true. If there are no fraud proofs, then it is strictly within the power of the sequencer. It's strictly within the control of the sequencer to be able to decide to censor transactions, to rewrite state, to basically do whatever they want to right wrongs and to dry tears. Now, I don't think Coinbase wants to do it, and I think they will fight tooth and nail to prevent them from having the responsibility to do it. But you could evince an argument that basically this is like a money services business because they ultimately have control over what goes in and out, and if they chose to, they could unilaterally change it.
Speaker D: Well, I mean, a sequencer in this way is very similar to, and we haven't used as a society this phrase in like five years, but like proof of authority chainst like this was like a concept like six years ago where it was like, oh, no, like we don't have like, you know, a whole set of validators were miners or whatever. We have like, you know, one key or entity that approves or controls the transaction finalization process. And like a sequencer before it's fully decentralized is that it is proof of authority. And it's like what I find just so amusing about most l two s is six years ago, if you were like, oh, that changed proof of authority, the crypto public would be revolted, it'd be horrifying. And now it's like, oh, that's cool, it's an l two. Of course, you just have one company who runs the sequencer. That's the way it works now. It's an accepted part of expectations. Maybe finance is the one that like, you know, sort of started to do away with the, like, a chain has to be decentralized, you know?
Speaker C: Yeah, I think l two has become less of a description of a security model than a vibe. And I feel like that's kind of what basis is like embracing l two as a vibe rather than as like any actually explicit way of keeping your funds safe. So, I mean, that being said, I think its obviously very unlikely coinbase is going to do any of those things. And theyve shown the willingness to be a lot more aggressive than they used to be in previous years about embracing crypto native values. So im not accusing them of actually doing this, but weve seen so many ridiculous lawsuits that I can imagine one taking the shape at some point in the near future, which may end up putting pressure on a coinbase if there are no fraud proofs to basically say like, you know, hey, this was under your watch. You guys are making money from this. Apparently they've made what was something like $7 million so far from the sequencer, something like that might. Am I making that number up? I'm just making that number up. It might be.
Speaker D: If true. That's a pretty good number so far.
Speaker C: Can someone fact check that?
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, one other thing about this that's interesting is, yeah, like these exchange poa chains seem fine. And one benefit that I think people get from these kind of exchange poa chains, let's put, if we call them that, is that they basically, people are always complaining about proofs of reserves, like how much in assets does centralized exchange actually have? And there's not really a good way for them to prove it to you, right. They could have an OTC loan that's not on their books, but it looks like they have a ton of collateral. But that collateral is actually really being, can be called via a legal agreement, for instance. So proof of reserves is already this kind of like a little bit of a smoke and mirrors type of thing. But the assets on the Poa chain are the reserves you can see. Right? And so like BNB being the BNB that's on the chain, you actually believe is like truly there's that much versus there not being. And I think one way of viewing these poa chains from centralized exchanges, so only from centralized exchanges is as a programmable sort of proof of reserves like they have. There's some subset of reserves that you can really know what's happening publicly and can validate yourself. You might not be able to change the state of, but you can validate the data is correct and you have confidence in those reserves relative to the exchanges balances themselves. This was a concept actually from a long time ago. Patrick McCrory, who's I think at the Harp term Foundation a long time ago, in 2019 or 2020, I forget, had this description of POA chains by exchanges. And I think in some ways that's why people are fine putting their liquidity there. They're treating it as an extension of this thing they already trust, which is different than say, another op stack chain. Another op stack chain is not really an extension of something you already have confidence fund wise. But to that point, the question to me is actually more not the rug pulls, because I don't think binance really gave a shit about most of rug pulls, if we're being honest. They cared a lot more about the bridge hacks the bridge hacks were the really big deals, and some of them were extremely sophisticated. The one that found the Merkle tree defect, that was an insanely sophisticated bug, but binance sort of worked with a bunch of defi protocols to patch it up. So the reason I'm bringing all this up is just to kind of point out that I think there's going to be some crossing line, and it needs to be like, the hack or lost funds have to either be big enough or aggregated in a big enough pool or bridged in some way for them to actually take action if they're going to be like Binance. Now, of course, Coinbase is a public company. Finances anything but. So who knows what the differences in treatment will be, where that line is?
Speaker C: So just quick closing the loop on that fact check. So, base right now, their annualized fees are about $58 million. Now, I don't actually know what the take rate is for Coinbase on those fees. So that's, like, the fees paid on the chain, I presume. But just for a sense of scale, right now, they're making about half the fees of BSC, which is roughly almost as much as bitcoin. And BSc may charge about the same in daily fees, so pretty significant volumes. Now, of course, a lot of this is because there's a bit of a frenzy going on right now, but it's very impressive numbers.
Speaker B: Some of those fees go to op holders also.
Speaker C: Is that already happening?
Speaker B: No, no, no. It's post hoc revenue share.
Speaker C: But that's what I thought.
Speaker B: But there is. There is some. So I would say that, yeah, there's a bunch of portions of those fees you'll probably have to discount.
Speaker D: So what is that portion? Did I read at some point it was 10%, is it not?
Speaker B: Yeah, I forget exactly, because initially, they wrote a percentage, and then they edited the article.
Speaker C: That's right. They removed the percentage.
Speaker B: They removed the percentage. So I. And I haven't followed it since then.
Speaker C: Yeah, well, okay, we got to get. We got to get Jesse from base. A subsequent show, does it go to.
Speaker E: Foundation or, like, how is it distributed?
Speaker D: If you're listening to this episode and you have the answer, please tweet at all of us.
Speaker C: Well, I really need, like, a fact checker on the show.
Speaker B: I think we're going to have Jeffy from base on soon, so we can ask him to give us the details.
Speaker C: Great. And then he can neither confirm nor deny any of the things we ask him. It'll be great. Cool. Okay, well, so, tarun, you were talking about the social activity that's happening on base. A lot of this has been concentrated into one particular application called Friends Tech. So, friends tech, it's become kind of a social phenomenon. Here's basically how it works. So you go to the app friends tech, it forces you to install it as a kind of on your mobile phone, as an application directly, like a shortcut. And once you install it, then you can buy meme coins of your friends. So if you remember the app bitcloud, the bit cloud protocol ended up rebranding as Deso. But Bitcloud was this old application that was kind of on its own blockchain that did this. So there's kind of a recreation of it, but with some extra social mechanics. If you own someone's token, you can chat with them. Like with bitcloud, the people who are you're trading, they get a cut of the transactions. So basically, in this case, on friends tech, you get a cut of secondary market transaction fees. Kind of like a royalty stream, more or less, if people are willing to trade your token. So this app has gotten a lot of social media engagement. So crypto, Twitter seems to love friends tech. It's getting a lot of love. I was looking at some of the stats. It was going pretty nuts over the weekend, but it started to trend down a little bit in engagement. So basically, on August 12, it hit the height of something like 10,000 transactions per day. Now it's down today, something like 600, actually. This might not be daily. I might be reading this wrong. Sorry. This is an hour. This is hourly. So, whatever. Do the math. And if you look at the number of uniques, they have been also leveling out. So the buyers and sellers are stabilizing quite a bit, as well as the volumes. So it seems like the numbers are trending down, although there's still a decent amount of engagement in friends tech. Did any of you guys play around with it or see what's happening there?
Speaker B: That was one of my two transactions, but I did.
Speaker D: That was zero of my zero.
Speaker C: Who did you buy? Who did you buy? Tarun, who'd you buy?
Speaker B: Myself.
Speaker C: Oh, that sounds like insider trick. Yeah, exactly. Possibly also masturbation of some kind.
Speaker B: No, no, no.
Speaker C: It's like financial masturbation.
Speaker B: I just. I didn't buy anyone else. I just initialized my account.
Speaker C: You were sort of self pleasuring through your friendship with yourself.
Speaker B: Yeah, I don't really like these social apps. I just wanted to see what it was like more for the onboarding experience, because right now, probably in the venture world over the last five years. Plus there's a ton of venture fund els that are people making wallets for mobile wallets and crypto. A lot of them just never took off, never got users. Dot, dot, dot. The premise of a wallet is you can use every application in one thing, you can do NFT trading, defi bridging, whatever you want, right? But the idea of having this like app specific mobile app for this one application which has a wallet in it, but that's like not the most important part. I think that's kind of an interesting modality. Like I know a bunch of people during the bull market were trying this, but I don't remember any that got as much sort of virality, at least whatever little virality this has had by crypto standards virality, not by normal world virality. And I'm more curious, if the clunkiness of the modular UX of I have to have assets on the base chain, then I have to bridge assets to the l two and I have to manage those transactions if these app specific chains that handle that kind of hide that from the user for a particular application and deal with that, if that will be a new UX modality we see people use. So to me that was the most interesting thing about it. It wasn't the actual application itself, it was like this UX change.
Speaker C: But again, I mean obviously the UX I think on friends of tech was very good, but it did really copy a lot of the ideas from DSO or from the exact same for sure.
Speaker B: No, no I agree. And the interesting thing is like the cognoscenti loved this app, but the cognizantes.
Speaker C: Hated d, so they hated bitcoin.
Speaker B: So it's kind of interesting. But that type of political stuff aside, I do think this app specific or wallet part may actually, I'm kind of curious if we see a lot more experiments with this form. Right. I think for gaming people have sort of thought about doing this, but no one has actually gotten ton of users using these app specific wallets. And maybe that's actually like a way better onboarding experience for like non trading use cases of crypto.
Speaker D: Well, I personally think that all UX is going to trend in the direction of easier, even if it's worse from like a security perspective or worse from a decentralization perspective or worse from like any other perspective. Like the people in general, and Im saying this very broadly, are lazy and like convenience. And this doesnt apply just to crypto, this applies to literally everything in every industry and like every product in every design space. And so I think the end state for wallets, unless theres intermediate solutions, is just trending towards simpler and easier and like custom and like wallets integrated for specific applications or specific use cases. Orlando, you know, whatever. And we talked about this, I think on the last show a little bit with Unibot where it's like, that's a horrible architecture and it's winning in a sense because it's so broken. I think this trend is going to continue and I think we're going to have more developers who are like, oh, I'll just build a wallet experience. It's my product.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think we're seeing more and more of this progressive security and progressive UX, which is okay. When you first start, we're going to let you be foot gun mode and basically we'll take your Google oauth and then we'll just put your private key into a file in your Google Drive and we won't tell you about it. We won't tell you that's exactly what we're doing, but that's what we're doing. Then it's like, okay, now we'll add to it a pin code. If you have a little bit more money and it's really worth securing that much money, and if it's worth more money than that, then we'll be like, hey, now you have to start doing social recovery. You have to connect with friends and they have to help you recover. And if you go in that, then we start getting to, okay, get a fucking ledger or whatever. I don't know. You start getting more and more demanding of the amount of security you demand from your customer. If the amount of capital they have at risk increases. I suspect that's what these mobile uxs and these sort of casual crypto uxs are going to start trending towards. And there will probably be, my guess would be one or two vendors who basically manage this process for you. And you can sort of twiddle like, hey, when someone has less than $500, it's fine. You can just store it on the device or you can store it in their oauth, in their Google Drive if they don't have on device key management. But as the numbers get bigger and bigger, you start demanding more and more from your users. That's what I would assume happens. But it's still pretty early for that.
Speaker D: I think that's a very cogent approach. I mean, we are early stage investors, so if you are working on something like that, holler please, 100%.
Speaker B: I just think it's going to be interesting because Defi is so about composability as the first class primitive in some ways. It's such that the UX was always for the average user, the non sort of technical and in the weeds user. But it really does feel like maybe not nfts, but like things that are a little more consumer y than nfts are might just trend in this. Like they have their own app interface because it actually was. The app had a bunch of problems bug wise, like, because I didn't think they expected that many users on day one or something. But honestly, it was a very interesting. I actually felt like I could tell someone who hates crypto that they could use this versus I tell someone actually, there's this nice experiment you can do to see how annoying crypto is to your non crypto friends, which is you give them two wallets on two different chains, maybe one in a cosmos zone, one in eth or an l two, and you say, hey, go buy an NFT in the other place. So you have to figure out how to route across whether you have enough gas tokens.
Speaker C: Tarun, this might be why you didn't have any friends to connect with on the app. That's what you're doing to people.
Speaker B: I'm just saying this is like a way of like of like seeing how bad the UX is versus like this. I could actually give to ostensibly anyone I know who's on crypto, which is like, I see maybe we, maybe it will be. I'm just making this speculation that maybe we're going to see this app specific, vertically integrated mobile thing. In some ways people thought uniswap wallet or things like that would look like something in that direction. But I think trading and Defi just doesn't really need to be completely verticalized like that. But social and gaming things seem, it seems like way more important to their success.
Speaker C: Totally agreed.
Speaker D: Evgeny, what do you think?
Speaker E: Yeah, I don't know. I am very skeptical of mass adoption using the existing wallet infrastructure and been skeptical for a long, long time. I think at this stage, probably Coinbase wallet has the best chance of actually capturing a lot of this defi activity. When it comes to games. It has to be something as much removed from the user. Like even understanding there's blockchain inside of it as possible. Like not even, well, forget private keys, it has to be like email password kind of thing with something in the background. And then like obviously users facing always like a risk that somebody will hack into the company that stores all the stuff. And I don't think we'll be able to get anything better. Like, I really think it's a pipe dream that we'll get all people using crypto in 1020 years to be like self custody and stuff. Like, I don't think it's happening. Yeah.
Speaker B: I mean, my favorite very out there form of how do you get people to not have to know they have a private key is worldcoin. Ignore the token. But the actual orb is a tested sensor. It takes some physical image, generates the low dimensional representation, and then that thing has a ZKP of it. If the proof itself could be or generate your public private key pair, then you could basically do everything purely from a tested sensor. Like, I talk into a microphone and with enough samples and plus maybe take an eye scan, I generate biometrics.
Speaker C: There's no way biometrics are secure enough to be using them as key material. Well.
Speaker B: It can be part. My point is, like, there's things where it's like, it's not just. And, you know, you already see that with the centralized providers who do MPC, who make you do some biometrics. But I actually think we'll get to a point where you can generate. You can deal with the key pair directly where you can do something such that, hey, with only my retina, I can move $100 at most. But with Retina plus XYZ, I can now do more. Right. I think you're going to have this graded permissioning thing. It seems like that's the best use case. And like I said to Worldcoin's credit, ignore the token stuff, but the actual sensor, there is a lot of value in figuring out how.
Speaker C: I don't know. Generative AI is getting so good. It seems very difficult to be confident that I could. Couldn't replicate your eyeballs or your irises, your voice and your facial features for $10,000. Agree.
Speaker D: It's a terrible.
Speaker C: With unlimited tries? With unlimited tries.
Speaker D: Yeah, it's terrible. Did you see Westworld season three? I think it was where there's not a spoiler and if you're watching and you're really afraid of spoiler, just stop watching. The evil robot steals the billionaire's money by just taking his thumb and putting it on the iPad. And it's like, transaction completed, all your money has been transferred to the evil robots. And I was like, the whole time I watched that, I was like, what a crazy scenario in which, like, a thumbprint is like, the private key to, like, a billionaire's entire stack of future money, for sure.
Speaker B: I'm not saying that that, like, it's biometrics alone by any means. I'm just more pointing out that the generating of the cryptographic material from the biometrics is actually different than what we have right now. Where it's biometrics run that a centralized authority stores, say, like, fire blocks or anchorage or something, or Coinbase for Coinbase custody, and then they just validate that. And once that's valid, then they use keys that they have. This is actually generating ephemeral public private key pairs for your I app as a function of yours.
Speaker D: So it's like the end of the random number or whatever.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. Exactly, exactly. There are ways of doing that in such that the user won't even know there's a public private key pair at all.
Speaker C: Sure, sure. But then, really, it's coming down to a trusted third party that has the actual key that is verifying your biometrics.
Speaker B: The idea is the proof, whether it's. It might need fhes, like, more strong cryptography. So that part is not clear. But the idea is that the proof generated serves as your ephemeral key. You don't need the third party like you do now, let's say, like a centralized custodian.
Speaker C: Okay, I guess my thought on this, and there's one more story I want to get to, but, like, my thought on this is, fundamentally, I don't think biometrics, in the long run alone, will ever be secure because they're not secret. Like, you don't go around hiding your irises from people or never speaking in public, or never showing people what you look like. So face id, even, no matter how many things you combine it with, whether it's iris scans and face id and voice checks and all these things, they work right now because I don't even know why they work right now, to be honest, because all this tech is basically out there. Years ago, we had the tech to be able to basically do one of the common ways. I used to work in antifraud at Airbnb before I got into crypto. And one of the things that was at that time, like 2015, just starting to be state of the art, was being able to take, like, a photo of somebody from a passport and generate 3d video that would pass liveliness detection, right? So oftentimes you, when you're doing KYC, they want to prove you're the person, the passport. They'll say, like, hold your right arm up, move it to the center, then move it over here, whatever this is, called liveliness detection. Try to prove that you didn't just, you know, create a static image of this person in this. In this passport or this driver's license. That is trivial now, like children can do, can basically generate these real time streaming videos that mask you as being somebody else. And so all the stuff like the tech to defeat all of this is all already here. So I suspect that we are eventually going to have to fall back to just old fashioned hardware security or some kind of chain of trust type thing. I don't know.
Speaker D: Or you just get a wallet with every single app and it's zero security. And when you get paranoid, go to higher security.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. I think biometrics for small dollar, like that. For small dollar, you have to have some. You're going to have some system that automatically figures out what is allowed in permission based on the type of interaction. Right now, that's so clunky. That's actually where I think these apps specific. The verticalized thing of my Dapp has its own wallet just for this. Dap gets. Gets it right because they, like, they basically hide a lot of that from you. They don't like, you don't have to sign half the time. Stuff like that. Right, so.
Speaker D: So the fictional company that we're all investing in, that does this for all the apps of the future.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: Which a founder who's listening right now is going to create and let us know about. Biometrics can be level two. Level one is like, you know, it just is the wallet level. You don't even know it's there. Level two is like, oh, it's a photo of your face. It's like this security.
Speaker C: Yeah. I think as part of that ladder of security, I think biometrics do fit in there as, okay, your mom isn't going to be able to replicate your face id or some random person who steals your phone if you just get mugged in the street. But as you're talking about targeted attacks, which more and more of what's happening in crypto is really defending against targeted attacks. Not man on the street, not, oh, I lost my phone on the subway, and then someone stole my money. Increasingly, I think this stuff is getting automated. It's at scale, it's entirely software based and remote. And that increasingly has to be what your trust model is, I think, when you're thinking about security.
Speaker B: Okay, here's a question for you. Maybe more of a bet. In one year and five years, how much do you think bank fraud rates go up because of, like, say, the last year? Of AI advances.
Speaker C: You first. What are bank fraud rates right now? I don't even know. I need a breakdown.
Speaker B: Let's just say I'm just asking for relative to now. Relative.
Speaker C: Relative. Okay, relative. Like a percentage increase. What would you say?
Speaker E: Yeah, I mean, I don't know. Like my banking experience of the last year decreased so dramatically. Like, it's just so horrible. Like you can get like blacklisted, you get all kinds of questions, verifications all the time. And I don't know, probably it will be worse. But can it get even any more worse than it is now? I don't know. Like, it seems like it's already pretty bad on the fraud side.
Speaker D: I'll say 0.7. I think it gets a little better.
Speaker C: Think it goes down? You think bank fraud goes down? What is your thesis for why bank fraud goes down?
Speaker D: I think bank fraud goes down because banks are just becoming it companies and it's becoming a larger part of their mission in general. And I think the tools that they have are improving.
Speaker C: So I thought about this a lot back when I was at Airbnb and anti fraud. I was very, very bearish on the ability of tech companies to continue fighting fraud because the tools that we fundamentally have, like, okay, if you're a tech company and you're not sure if somebody's account has been stolen or if they're being impersonated or whatever, basically the tools that you have are one. You can email them and see, like, do you actually control your email? Right? Which increasingly, if somebody's owning you, they also have your email. You might do a small charge to their credit card, you might get them to scan their driver's license or their passport, and then at best you might get somebody to call them and like have them in video verify that I'm this person. Here's the driver's license, whatever, that's what you got. Those are the options. Okay, now, which of those options do you think is going to survive? Like the coming, increasingly the increasing automation with which people are going to scrape all your data from all the data dumps that exist of basically everything about you that you've ever put online. Second, running this through some kind of AI agent that develops a game plan of how to impersonate you. Third, developing the video, developing the audio, synthesizing a fake passport or driver's license and doing all of that. The only thing they really need is your email.
Speaker E: Right.
Speaker D: But this is why non specialists will get crushed. Random tech companies are going to get crushed by them. Right. I think banks are best equipped to be the ones.
Speaker C: I don't know how well banks are equipped to do. I think they deserve the affordances. I think India, they do. I think there are certain places where they've installed infrastructure.
Speaker B: India is a different. India is like, ironically, like in the way that people in the US used to be. Like, wow, all the cell phones in Japan and Korea are like a hundred times better. India's financial infrastructure is unreal. Like the government open sourcing all of the, basically making their own blockchain and having key management standards and all of the stuff that's interoperable that every fintech uses. That is obviously ten years in the future for all the western countries because they're basically digital fiefdoms that don't have that much incentive to change. But I would argue that I think you'll see a significant increase, maybe 20% to 50% relative to where it is now. Because I basically think all the generative AI stuff just made the barrier to entry to fraud lower, right? Like way so much lower.
Speaker C: So much lower.
Speaker B: So much lower that like, I. How could it not? Like, there's clearly going to be some bank in Podunk, middle of nowhere, who's outsourced the KYC to some company that like, barely exists or got bought by a private equity firm and doesn't update any of their liveness checks and can be now a 15 year old can like, you know, kind of take advantage. There's a really good article in Bloomberg about a Sim swap recently. Quite sophisticated Sim swap, and I think the gender of AI stuff is only going to make that go up. I think the reason sim swapping is also getting easier is partially some of these types of voice transmutation stuff.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's scary time. I hope that crypto at least plays some part in protecting us from, well.
Speaker B: I think this hopefully is the reason people will be like, oh, actually, that cryptocurrency stuff, they thought about this shit before we did.
Speaker C: It's a good thing. It's a good thing we're here. It's a good thing we're here to save the world. Well, okay, we have to end the show because we're up on time and we got to run. But thanks so much, Evgeny, for coming on and sharing your insights with us. And for now, signing off.
Speaker E: Thanks for having me.
Speaker C: Thanks for joining us.
