Speaker A: But there's not much to understand about the meme coin. Like, there's not. There's not, like a clear, obvious, like, oh, this thing will, like, lose all your money, or you don't get these guarantees, whatever. It's like, hey, there's just this joke asset, right? And if people have attention on it, it'll go up. There are enough crazy fans in the world. Like, think about swifties. The swifty economy has got to be bigger than the market cap of all of the meme coins combined.
Speaker B: Meme coins are kind of dumb, but they're at least not net destructive, because it's. It's all zero sum, right? It's like, some people make money, some people lose money, but there's, in some cases, no insider, right? So in dogecoin or whatever, Floki, there's no insider in these celeb tokens. There is no social contract. As far as I can tell, nobody has explained. When is waka flocka flame supposed to sell their tokens? When is it okay? In what way is it okay? How much of the liquidity are they allowed to take for themselves? Right? What makes it not a rug? What makes it a rug? If you look at the previous cycle, one of the criticisms that many people levied against crypto influencers and against VC's as well was that there was a lot of bullshit that everybody knew was bullshit, and most people didn't say anything. And I think on some level, that was one of the lessons that I really took away from 2022 was when you see something is bullshit, you should say it.
Speaker C: Not a dividend.
Speaker A: It's a tale of Tukwan.
Speaker B: Now. Your losses are on someone else's balance sheet.
Speaker D: Generally speaking, airdrops are kind of pointless anyways.
Speaker B: Unnamed trading firms who are very involved.
Speaker A: Alec ETh is the ultimate possibility.
Speaker C: Defi protocols are the antidote to this problem.
Speaker B: Hello, everybody. Welcome to chopping block. Every couple of weeks, the four of us get together and give the industry insider perspective on the crypto topics of the day. So quick intros. First, we got Tom, the Defi maven and master of memes.
Speaker D: Hello, everyone.
Speaker B: Next we got Robert, the crypto connoisseur and Tsar of Superstate GM, everybody. Then we've got Tarun, the Giga brain and grand poo bah at Gauntlet.
Speaker A: Hey.
Speaker B: And finally, I'm haseed, the head hype man at Dragonfly. So we are early stage investors in crypto, but I want to caveat that nothing we say here is investment advice, legal advice, or even life advice. Please see chopping blocks at XYZ for more disclosures. So, boys, another week down. It's been kind of a choppy week in the crypto markets. So it feels like although equities are doing well and things are hitting all time highs on the equity side, mostly driven by AI stocks, a lot of other stuff is down, but it seems like crypto macro is a little choppy. And I feel like as a result of that, there's been a lot of infighting. There's been a lot of people with swords out. I see my timeline on Twitter seems to be quite depressed. People are just finding things to complain about. Crypto feels particularly pvp right now. I don't know what you guys are feeling, but what's the vibe check right now in crypto land? Robert, what's your vibe?
Speaker C: Well, I don't think it's that pvp. I just think people are a little bit bored, and therefore they're quick to pounce on anything that's new because price action has been going in circles a little bit. So I just think it's summer boredom.
Speaker B: Summers traditionally tend not to do well in crypto. I don't know why that is. Anyone know why that is? But, like, in general, like, this sounds like astrology.
Speaker C: No, this sounds like astrology.
Speaker B: Seasonality is a very real thing in retail driven markets.
Speaker D: I mean, right? Selling may and go away.
Speaker A: Come on.
Speaker C: That's truly the case. There's, like, alpha just being a calendar magazine.
Speaker B: Yes. Which requires you to be patient, which nobody in crypto is right. To actually gather that. Like, who, who has the patience in crypto to exit the market for, like, three months?
Speaker C: I mean, if there was actual alpha to being in or out of a market on specific months, people would do it. I just think this is like, you.
Speaker B: Know, isn't there that famous story about, like, uh, what was it? Like December or something? Or January in equities, like, for up until, like, the nineties or something like that. It was very, very obvious. Seasonality that took, like, decades to get arbed away. Do you guys know what I'm talking about? There was something like that. I don't remember. I read about it once. No, true.
Speaker C: Do you know about this?
Speaker B: Yeah, there's like. Well, all right, well, hopefully somebody in the comments can reply of what. What it is I'm thinking of. But there. There was something like this that was extremely.
Speaker A: There was a french stock market lunch time thing that did take a long time to go away.
Speaker C: Did stocks go up or down during lunch?
Speaker A: Just volatility. Went down. So you just short volatility during lunch and then get out of the trade outside of lunch.
Speaker C: So you'd buy, like, you know, you short volume.
Speaker A: You just do index options. Yeah, yeah, exactly.
Speaker B: Right, right. Huh. Interesting.
Speaker C: And after transformation.
Speaker A: But this was the nineties. This was in the nineties. So, like, I feel like this is, like, very long gone. This was like, probably when it was like, pseudo electronic trading, like, kind of low frequency. You could get away with doing things like this. I I highly doubt this exists anymore. But it's in, it's in a lot of books. As an example, I bet there's some.
Speaker C: Rich guy out there who made a fortune on, like, the lunch volatility.
Speaker A: I mean, renaissance. They're the ones who are famous for the story trade. That's.
Speaker C: They did the french lunch hour.
Speaker B: Interesting.
Speaker A: Yes. And, and then they told everyone that once it was gone, so that was like how they. It showed up in a ton of books.
Speaker B: It's great marketing.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's. Yeah, it's. It was very good marketing.
Speaker B: Someday there's in the, whoever writes the book about crypto and all the craziness that we've lived through, they're going to write about the summer effect that went away in, you know, 2025 for 2026.
Speaker C: But 2024, because we talked about it on the chopping block, and then everybody.
Speaker B: That was, we are the renaissance of crypto, really, if you think about it, that just laid all the alpha out there. Guys, stop trading in the summer. Get out of the markets. Um, you heard it here first. No, but I honestly, it would not like you. Really? No, hold on. Let's actually just take a moment there. Do you really think crypto markets are that efficient?
Speaker C: No, that's what I'm saying. There's no opportunity just to, like, trade calendar months.
Speaker B: No, I'm saying I think crypto markets are incredibly inefficient.
Speaker C: So inefficient in the sense that you think there's a huge seasonal opportunity that somebody could deliver excess returns by capitalizing on?
Speaker B: I think it is. I mean, it's obviously not such an obvious, you know, it's not like the yen USD thing. It's not like that egregious. It's not like you can make a crapload of money every single time, and obviously it's not every single summer, but it is one of these things that you just have seen now for the last decade is that summers are. I mean, I don't know. I don't know. Obviously, n equals ten, so it's not this is not the kind of thing that you could print money off in a reliable way. But I don't know, after this show.
Speaker C: I'm going to go home and just.
Speaker B: Like, all right, bitcoin returns. Nothing in here is financial advice. Don't hold me to any of this. But, yeah, anything. I mean, it's kind of like those charts about the halving where people are like, well, when bitcoin halves, it doesn't go down, or, sorry, it doesn't go up immediately, but it goes up within three months of the having. Which I'm like, okay, that just means that it didn't work. Like, it stopped working. And so now you're, like, expanding the rule of when crypto goes up after the having.
Speaker C: Yeah, this all sounds roughly like pseudoscience to me.
Speaker B: It could be. It could be on some level. It also doesn't surprise me if it is true, just because I think crypto just attract. I mean, it may become less true today just because there's so many more institutions in crypto, but, like, there have just been so many people who are just always long. They're just, like, always balls long, and they can never not be long because they're just too bored.
Speaker C: And in the summer they sell, like, at the beginning of the summer or the middle of the summer, I don't know.
Speaker B: Yeah. Anyway, okay, so things that are happening, meme coins. So unfortunately, we have to keep talking about them because celebrities have gotten more and more into the game. Over the last week or so, we've seen more and more meme coins coming into the fray, and more celebrities now increasingly B and C and D list celebrities getting into the fray and launching their own meme coins. So we talked before in the last show about Iggy Azalea. Now we have Waka Flocka Flame, who has launched Flakka. Waka flaka Flame launch Flakka token. Apparently, waka Flocka Flame does not have a great reputation of a lot of sketchy projects that he has previously pumped. There's the rapper Lil pump and sexy Red, who has also gotten into the meme coin game. I don't even know who Sexy Red is, but just recently there was news that potentially maybe Barron Trump has launched a meme coin in the name of Donald Trump. Has not been confirmed TBD whether that's real. It might be debut, don't trade on that might be, might be fake by the time this show goes live. But so we see more and more of this kind of crazy celebrities coming in to try to monetize their fame. Using meme coins, much as we were talking about on the previous show. Now, there's also been increasing conversation within the meme coin community about whether or not this is good for crypto. So on the one side, you have folks like Ansem, who very famous meme coin trader, who now is kind of one of the main characters of this meme coin trading cycle. And Ansem is being criticized for legitimating these celebrities coming into crypto, launching their meme coins, and trying to get Ansem's attention to get them to endorse what they're doing or onboard them, quote unquote, into crypto by launching their own meme coins. On the other side, you have Kobe, who recently was critical of Ansem, saying that this is not a good way for celebrities to be engaging with crypto. Celebrities should be doing what everyone else is doing in crypto, which is just buy crypto. That's how you engage with crypto. You don't need to go and start a thing with your name on it. Just be a participant in the crypto economy, and that's good enough. So there's now this kind of hand wringing and a lot of criticism flying around the meme coin community about what is the right way to deal with all the celebrity interest. Most of the time, when celebrities see that there's something interesting going on, they want to get involved. But what is a productive way for them to get involved that allows them to use their advantages as celebrities besides launching celebrity meme points? So, thoughts around the table, how you feel about the current celebrity meta and all these celebrities jumping into the fray?
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, I don't think much has changed since last week. Besides more celebrities jumping into the fray, it seems like there's a momentum here, and it's not slowing down. We talked about the mother token last week on the show. Iggy Azalea tweeted that we were boring, beep. And didn't get it. You know, I don't think there's any breaking new, you know, information that's come out besides just more celebrities have jumped onto the bandwagon in the last week. And this looks, depending on if you. By the time the show comes out, the, you know, Donald Trump official meme coin is a hack or not, but it also looks like an attack vector against the public at large, which is to use celebrity names in some way in conjunction with misinformation or hack to get them to buy a meme coin. These things take off incredibly quickly when there's the prospect of celebrities involved, they jump in value from zero to extremely large numbers very quickly based solely on celebrity. And so this might emerge as not just a tool for celebrities, but tools for hackers, fishers, you know, con artists, you know, en masse.
Speaker A: I'm going to take the opposite side of you guys on this, actually, because historically, in crypto, celebrities notion of endorsement has always been indirect. It has been by endorsing a different asset, has been by endorsing exchanges, has been by selling their likeness indirectly in a way that they actually don't really have control over how it's used. Whereas I actually feel like this is a step up from Tom Brady, NFtx, you know, like, significant step up. Now, why step up? Well, in one case, Tom Brady is purportedly kind of giving credence and reputation and security, a feeling of security to people for something he doesn't understand whatsoever. But there's not much to understand about the meme coin. Like, there's not. There's not, like, a clear, obvious, like, oh, this thing will, like, lose all your money, or you don't get these guarantees, whatever. It's like, hey, this is just this joke asset, right? Like, and it's. If people have attention on it, it'll go up. People stop paying attention to it, it'll go down. Right. It's a much simpler thing. And the celebrity actually can understand it. It doesn't have to be the black box that they're endorsing that then it turns out then when the person who owns a black box commits some fraud, then, like, now, they're associated with it permanently. Right? Like, I actually think the direct. The direct connection between the endorser and the asset is. I'm not saying it's, like, great, right? Like, this is not curing cancer. Right? We're not. I'm not. I'm not. Certainly not saying something like that.
Speaker B: I'm just saying this.
Speaker C: Okay, so are you saying that Tom Brady was a victim in the FTX scenario? Which it sounds like, and I kind.
Speaker A: Of agree, he was a willing victim. Right. He was, like, willing to take the money to endorse something he didn't understand. Right. In this case, I don't really see that type of thing. And, like, I generally think, like, fine, it is just sort of this weird thing that people are selling for their likeness, but, like, how different is it really to selling merch at your concert or whatever? Right? Like, I'm not like that. I honestly don't feel like it's that crazy. I just think it's like a step up from what was already very bad.
Speaker B: If you're buying, and I'm not a t shirt or like a cup or whatever, I. Kobe made this point when he was arguing with Ansem that if you think about, what are these celebrities who are launching meme coins doing? They own a bunch of the meme coin. They tell retail to buy it and they sell it themselves. That's the only way you can make money. You sell the meme coin, they get you to buy it, and they sell it to you. And what are you buying? I guess in case of Iggy Azalea, there's some particular things that you can do of buying merch as well as this mvno that she's partnered with. But for most of these meme coins, there is. There's absolutely nothing that you can do with the meme coin. And do you really believe that these people are going to be endorsing these meme coins for five years? For three years? I mean, one, the meme coin meta goes away. I mean, remember, who's the guy who, the NBA player who had the NFTs? I can't remember.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah, I know what you're talking about.
Speaker B: What is it? Dinwiddie or something? I can't remember his name, but, like, what happened to those nfts that he was selling to retail? Like, what did. What did he do with them? I don't know, but I kind of assume that they have their utility expired when people lost interest. Yeah, I think on the whole, merch is boring and it's not speculative, but it is a more straightforward way to monetize your celebrity that doesn't create, like, I don't like using the term victim because I think it ascribes a little bit too much intentionality, which I don't think is really there. But I think the reality is that at the end of this cycle, I very much take Kobe's side in this, which is that the people who buy celebrity meme coins will be disappointed that the celebrities stop caring about the meme coins in, like, five years, way before five years from now, but almost certainly within five years.
Speaker A: I don't disagree with that. I'm just trying to say that compared to what has been true in the past bull cycles, this is at least feels kind of neutral to me relative to the celebrity. Not even knowing what they're selling you, they're just blindly trusting a bunch of people who are scammers. I feel like this is a lot better. This is a bit more like, not your keys, not your coins. But in a very weird way, it's.
Speaker C: More direct transaction and monetization of thing.
Speaker A: Yeah. And it feels like that to me is more direct, causes less harm than the indirect one. The indirect one is always where everything bad happens.
Speaker B: Okay, so Kobe brought up the example in his post about Kim Kardashian and Ethereum Max. So if you remember, Kim Kardashian settled with the SEC over not disclosing that she was paid to endorse this crappy Ethereum fork called Ethereum max. It was a very scammy Ethereum fork, and Ethereum max was not like, oh my God, I can't believe Kim Kardashian is endorsing something. Everyone go buy this thing. It was like this crappy project that didn't really get much traction, didn't make a lot of money. It was not a big, I think it's market cap is smaller than most of the meme coins that we see today. Even the random celebrity meme coins. I think in large part the fact that they were endorsing something that wasn't their own name was probably on some level net better, because one, at least it was plausibly a real product. And the people who are buying it had to have some understanding of like, what is ethereum max? What? I mean, like, yeah, okay. Kim Kardashian says to buy this. What is this? This is some ethereum thing that claims to be a technology. You look at that, you're like, I don't know what that is. I don't really understand what it is. So most people who follow Kim Kardashian did not buy it. But obviously if this thing is buy Kim Kardashian coin and ill retweet you and talk to you all day long on Twitter youd be like, great. I understand that. That sounds awesome. Ill buy that. And as a result, you have many more people buying these meme coins than people who are buying any of the celebrity endorsed random crap projects of yesteryear. That does seem like it is likely to impact more people net net than the Ethereum axis or whatever. Insert random crap coins that were endorsed by celebrities.
Speaker C: Well, yeah, I mean, anyone who saw a tweet about ethereum Max from Kim Kardashian either thought that she was hacked or thought that it was just like a horrifically lame paid proportion. I don't think anyone genuinely thought that Kim Kardashian was like researching copycats of Ethereum and trying to find one that she believed in.
Speaker B: I'm sure some people did. Right? And I feel bad for those people, but it's a much, much smaller proportion.
Speaker A: But I think you're kind of distorting these kind of one off endorsement examples from the ones where the brand used it as their face. In the FTX case that was very obvious. They used all the celebrities as their face. And even going back to the early Koine west, speaking of someone who sued to get their do the opposite, where they didn't want to be on the coin. And I just think there is a sense in which this just doesn't feel as value destructive. Yeah sure, people won't like it, but it's like, yeah sure, maybe they got drunk and bought way too much merch at a fish concert and then couldn't sell it. I feel like it really is not that crazy. There are enough crazy fans in the world. Think about swifties. The swifty economy has got to be bigger than the market cap of all of the meme coins combined. Easy. When central banks use it to describe their inflation, its a very clear net inflow of cash thats taking place. And I dont see 90% of the shit that these people buy as that different than buying a meme coin, to be honest. It's like they, they bought the shirt and then they wore it the one day and then they, it lives in their closet forever. I think like, don't, don't, don't underestimate that aspect of this.
Speaker B: Okay, so, okay, first thing I'll say, like, you're sort of comparing meme coins to celebrity endorsements generally, right? And it's like, oh, well, look at the FTX endorsements. Aren't these really terrible influencers?
Speaker A: Influencer sponsors most.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, I think most endorsements in crypto, if you, you know, yes, FTX was bad, but FTX is not every company in crypto you look at, you know, who's that guy? The TikTok or KB lame? Who endorses binance or Messi or any of these people who endorse a lot of the big crypto exchanges or companies. Those endorsements, I think, have been fairly positive. And I think in general, Robert made this point in the last show. This is the oldest thing in history, is some trusted or celebrity figure endorsing a product that people like and bringing attention to it and attracting their audience toward a new product. I think that is normal and healthy. The idea that instead, hey, instead of going and endorsing some product that people might find useful, instead you should launch your own coin, convince retail to buy it, and then eventually sell it on the market. That does not seem to me like, first of all, what meme coins represented in the first place was this idea that it's a meme and there's no team, there's no utility, there's no. I don't know why we call these things meme coins. They're not memes. Right? They're social tokens. They're not meme coins. Because what's the meme? The meme is, okay, well, I'm famous. That's the meme. And I own 20% of this or 10% of this, and I'll eventually dump it on you. The other idea behind meme coins was that there was no insider. It was all just like, dogecoin. It was just, it was all a joke. Yeah, it was all a joke. And nobody has a monopoly on this, right? These celebrity coins are not like this in any way. Right? Like they're intentionally manufactured by a single person. All of it relies on that single person being the distribution for this thing. So, I mean, it's fine if we call these things celebrity coins or social tokens, but I think conflating these with meme coins, like, I agree with you, meme coins are like, I think meme coins are kind of dumb, but they're at least not net destructive because it's all zero sum. Right? It's like, some people make money, some people lose money, but there's no. In most cases or not in most cases, in some cases, there's no insider. Right? So in Dogecoin or whatever, floki, there's no insider. It's just like this big joke that everyone is playing together. But in the case of a celebrity coin, there is one person for whom it's not a joke, which is the celebrity. Tom, what's your take?
Speaker D: Yeah, I think I more or less agree. I think going back to what you're saying, I think these are actually less explicitly transactional, which I think is what kind of makes them a little bit problematic if I'm buying somebody's NFT. Great. Here's the price at which you're buying this NFT, and you get a link to a JPEG and, you know, outright the boundaries of the engagement, what you're purchasing. It's kind of like you said. And this is kind of why, like, walk a flock of flame is getting a bunch of shit is because, oh, well, these addresses that were linked to, like, the contract employer, they sold a bunch of the tokens. And so it's like, okay, well, when was he supposed to sell was he not supposed to sell at all? It would have been cool if he sold some upfront or sold directly to people. Like, it just feels like this weird kind of nebulous, oh, it's, hey, we're trying to create this thing of value, and then actually I'm going to go sell. And I think maybe to your broader point too, the purpose of this market, or any markets, was to be having efficient capital allocation. What are we really trying to incentivize more production of here? What is the point of this market? It feels just pure PvP, as you said. You can say, hey, Tom Brady, maybe encourage people to go use FTX, but Mark Wahlberg maybe encourage people to use crypto.com, and they went and bought some bitcoin. Great. We want people to go use an exchange, and maybe they like it and fine, like, that's just sort of how these things are supposed to work. But we're not building anything here. There's no extra greater company or purpose or mission or like product.
Speaker A: It just looks, that's not something, that's not something we're disagreeing on. I think the only thing I'm just trying to say is, like, celebrities endorsing themselves just feels like, okay, fine, whatever. There's like, it just, it's certainly nothing to be like, oh, I'm super excited about, but it's like, I don't, people want to do it, they're gonna do it. Like, well, here's the point of permissionless network.
Speaker C: Yeah, here's a thought experiment. What if every celebrity had a token, right? Like, what if you just took this to, like, the extreme conclusion of it, and like, every celebrity had a meme coin that they made? Not that, like, you know, some startup made for them, right? What would the end result be? And would it be like, an efficient market? Would it be a good use of capital for people? Be speculating on these? What even are they? If every celebrity had a meme coin, there'd be 20,000 slub coins. So what would that imply for society?
Speaker B: I think for society, okay, if you take the current concept of celebrity coins, which is, I'm a celebrity, I own 20% of the supply of this thing, and I pump it and try to get other people to buy it. Right? To Tom's point, the only way that makes any sense is that eventually you'll sell your tokens. When will you sell your tokens over what period of time? What's the social contract about how and when it's okay for you to sell your tokens, right? In crypto, we do a lot of stuff to try to make this legible. The team vests. And there's like, these expectations around how you're supposed to liquidate and blah, blah, blah, blah, right? In celeb tokens, I'm gonna stop calling them meme coins because I think that's like a misappropriation of the term. In these celeb tokens, there is no social contract. As far as I can tell. Nobody has explained. When is waka flock of flame supposed to sell their tokens? When is it okay? In what way is it okay? How much of the liquidity are they allowed to take for themselves? What makes it not a rug? What makes it a rug? We don't know. Walk. A flock of flame doesn't know. He's just going to do whatever he's going to do, and then people are going to get mad at some point in the future and say, oh, my God, I can't believe this happened to us. The thing that people want to do is they want to bet on their favorite celebrity. They want to bet on them becoming more famous, becoming more well known, becoming more successful in their careers. And I think that is sensible. And many projects have tried to create that, right? These sort of betting markets on celebrity. So, of course, bit clout way back in the day, tried to do this. There are many ways in which you could kind of manufacture prediction markets around individual people. But I think this idea that the celebrity themselves gets you to buy their token, that is what feels nothing socially useful, right? That's what feels like kind of value destructive. If instead you're like, look, I think Taylor Swift is going to keep crushing it, and I want to buy your token because I bet she has even more. Awesome.
Speaker A: I have an alternate. I have alternative reality for you. But I'm not trying. I'm just trying to play in general. I just am, like, kind of neutral about this stuff. You guys all seem to have these strong, I hate this because it doesn't help society thing. And I'm like, I'm like, there's so many things like that. I can't even begin to talk about all the things in the world like that. But the thing I will say that's interesting is if I look at the influencer economy on TikTok or Instagram, it's this weird. I don't really understand the economics, but clearly there's a lot of transactions going on in the background type of industry. And I just like the idea of being an influencer. And people who want to buy time to make you do some thing is they have to buy your asset. And I feel like at the end of the day, these social tokens, all these, they're very hard, clunky, hard to use, hard to get liquidity for, right? That's the reason they so far haven't had this type of takeoff. But I think there's still this dream of that type of thing, right? It's like all these celebrities don't want to deal with selling their rights to private equity to get liquidity, selling stuff to influencers to get liquidity. Dot, dot, dot. There is some truth, even if this is like all kind of mainly smoke and mirrors, there's some kernel of truth of why people want this, right? And like, I think you have to respect that that exists.
Speaker B: But who wants it? Is it the users who want it, the fans who want it, or is it the celebrities who want it?
Speaker A: I mean, arguably the fans benefit only indirectly. I think this obviously benefit at all.
Speaker B: I'd argue the fans are the losers, right? There's a value transfer happening here.
Speaker A: Yeah, but merch is a value transfer and most of the time people don't really care. They forget about it.
Speaker B: But at least in merch, it's legible to you what you're getting and what you're paying, right? In the case of a meme coin.
Speaker A: Just legible to me. It's some amount of liquidity I could provide in a pool.
Speaker B: I mean, if you're walk a flock of flame. And how much money are you going to make from this meme coin? TBD. You know, if you buy the walk of lack of flame token, how much are you giving to walk a flock of flame? You don't know. It's very unclear how much of every dollar that you spend is going to walk a flock of flame. Clearly the amount is some amount of that, right? Some amount of every dollar spent buying a celebrity token will go to him in the long run. But completely unclear how much that is. And I would argue that that is what I mean when I say it's less legible. We know that eventually he's going to sell and he's going to dump and the price of your tokens are going to go down because walk a flock of flame, dumped. But that is to me, I mean, so you made the point that like, well, you know, there's always bad things happening or stupid, you know, value destructive things happening. Why get mad about this one? I mean, I'm not, I'm not that mad about it, but I do think that if you look at the previous cycle, one of the criticisms that many people levied against crypto influencers and against VC's as well was that there was a lot of bullshit that everybody knew was bullshit and most people didn't say anything. And I think on some level, that was one of the lessons that I really took away from 2022 was when you see something is bullshit, you should say it and it may not matter. And obviously a lot of people also think that we're not alone in thinking that celebrity tokens are stupid, but I think it is important for people to hear us say it, even if it's like, yeah, but there's always stupid things. Yeah, of course there are always stupid things, but this is like the big thing happening on Twitter right now and the big thing happening in our industry, and I think it, it is valuable for people to. It might seem obvious to us that, yes, this is how someone would think about it, is that, yeah, walk a flock of flame has to eventually sell his tokens. But there is the retail investor who might have just heard that for the first time and thought, huh, yeah, you're right. Why didn't I think about it that way?
Speaker C: Well, I think most people probably don't think about it because these things were created 8 hours ago and it's shiny and new, moving incredibly, and most people.
Speaker B: Think they will make money off it. Most people think like, well, yeah, I know that, but I'm going to time them, I'm going to get in and get out. And I'm a great trader, and obviously many of them are, which is why some people have made a lot of money on meme coins.
Speaker C: Yeah, these are hours old. So questions about what happens in the future, like a week from now or a month from now, is like, the timeframes are just, you know, apples and oranges.
Speaker B: And this is also why I make the claim that I don't think this meme coin carousel slash celeb coin carousel is sustainable, because I think it's like, it's just too fast. There's not enough repeat players to. Nothing overgraze the commons, as Tom put it on a previous show. But for now at least, this is definitely the meta. It's not going away, it's not changing anytime soon, and certainly it's going to be more celebrities who get in the game.
Speaker A: There was a very good tweet by Murad, who's an old school bitcoin guy and trader and was a fund manager. I don't know if he saw this. It was in 2017. Don't worry, don't worry. This token has utility. Please don't go after me. 2024. Don't worry, don't worry. This token has no utility. Please don't go after me. That's kind of true, right? It's like, it is absolutely true.
Speaker B: It is absolutely true. Yeah, it is. Okay, so speaking, speaking of venture, so one of the big stories this week has been, I mean, it's kind of a recurring story about whether VC's are good for crypto. So paradigm, one of the leading crypto VC firms, they recently announced their new fund. Their new fund is $850 million, which if you recall, their previous fund was $2.5 billion. And so this is now 29% of their previous fund is their new fund now. Paradigm. I know they're not alone. Many funds that are out fundraising have hit relatively smaller portions of their previous fundraise. Sometimes half of their previous funds do even less than that. It just shows we're in a new environment now. Obviously, a lot of this is macro, so rates are higher. That means there's less interest in deploying into private markets because government debt is obviously paying a higher yield and so the risk free rate is higher. But also, I think a lot of these mega funds have not really done great. They've not performed as well as people might have originally hoped. And so a lot of the industry is right sizing. Now, another part of that story is that there have been increasing calls from people saying that these venture funds, so paradigm, previously, obviously, they had a very large venture fund, 2.5 billion. There's now been claims that even their $850 million venture fund, which they said is an early stage fund, this early stage fund, there have been multiple people who've claimed that this is actually bad for markets. Now, why do they claim that this is bad for markets? If you look at one of the big people who I engage with on crypto Twitter arguing about this was Arthur Chongdez from Defiance. He claimed that this was bad for crypto because if you're an early stage fund, if you raise 850 million, you are going to deploy this into early stage projects that are eventually going to launch tokens and launch out at high ftvs and sell the tokens to retail or markets are going to have to absorb all the tokens that you create. You're just ultimately going to create even more sell pressure because you're going to be selling those tokens on public markets at three to four times what you originally deployed because you're going to have markups and whatever. And so therefore, you are extracting more money out of the crypto economy, and instead we should have more liquid tokens or liquid token funds that buy tokens on the public markets. I saw a lot of people plus one ing and saying, yeah, totally, you're absolutely right. These VC's are extracted from the industry and they're bad for the market. And I thought this was a very interesting sentiment shift because I'd seen many things about crypto VC's. These high ftv, low flow launches. They're extractive, they're bad for the industry. But I've never heard the claim that early stage VC is bad because they create tokens and launch them and then they're going to extract more money from the markets. I wrote this big tweet arguing against this claim, but I want to go around and get your guys responses to this sentiment that we've seen is that unlike in yesteryear, it used to be that it was uniformly positive, it was uniformly seen as bullish, that people raised big amounts of money to deploy into crypto. And now if it's a venture, it's seen as bad for crypto or at least negative for crypto markets. Curious to get your take, Robert?
Speaker C: Well, I will flat out say I think this is a pretty preposterous view, because look at any industry or vertical that deals with venture capital in general. The venture capital is there so that people can create billion dollar things, and without that financing and money available to them, they can't create billion dollar things. I don't think anyone's concerned about once a Silicon Valley company goes public on the New York Stock Exchange, the VC's are sell pressure at that point. That's just the economic reality of how financial markets work. Of course there's cell pressure after a company goes public. It doesn't mean that venture capital funds are bad and hedge funds that are in the business of buying and selling stock are good. All the same, less sophisticated views on hedge funds are dissimilar. Go and read about Citadel from the GME and the ape people. People have a horrible view of the hedge funds that are just buying the liquid assets versus the private market investors. I think people in general are always just going to be against most economic systems unless they're directly benefiting from it.
Speaker B: Let me give you the devil's advocate. Let me give you the devil's advocate, because I've had a lot of people in my comments giving me the counterargument. So first, that may have been true back in the day in crypto, right? But now crypto venture is very overfunded. So it is really zero sum. If you go raise 850 million, that's 850 million less. But the money is already there. It's not as though nobody wants to do these deals if it wasn't paradigm doing them. So one, the markets are already overfunded. Second is that crypto is different because these tokens get sold to retail and retail is dumb slash, you know, undistinguishing. And so any token that launches is ultimately going to absorb retail dollars.
Speaker C: All right, same with every IPO? Same with every IPO.
Speaker B: Well in the IPO market there's more institutional investors and you know these guys are very long term holders whereas retail is kind of faster money and they don't really understand what they're buying in crypto markets. Therefore in crypto the VC's are more value extractive. That's the devil's advocate.
Speaker C: Yeah I hear that. I mean I don't think crypto is that unique. Its another financial market, right. Its not like its that different from traditional equity markets or that different from any other asset class. At the end of the day, I think theres a lot more similarities than people appreciate.
Speaker A: Preston, I think you should always be thinking of markets, especially if you think about markets historically via credit boom and bust cycles. Theres also the asset boom and bust cycles. Cycles where lots of new assets are created. Those new assets that are created maybe are underfunded in the sense that their revenue or whatever they're supposed to be dividending or returning to holders over the long period is lagging what the price is. But that's because everyone's betting on the growth in the long run. And then those assets enter, if they survive, they enter kind of an extract phase, right, where people are just trading them around based on their speculation on how much they can extract in kind of long term value to medium term value, some of it speculative, some of it purely dividended or whatever, some of it whatever way you want to view it, governance value, et cetera. And then you have the third phase which is, hey, there's no new money coming in and there's tons of m and a and private equity and buyouts and things that are removing assets from the market, right. They're kind of generally asset destructive, right. So you kind of have this birth, oscillatory diffusion and then death process, right? And like this has happened over many cycles from like the fifties to now, right, in many different economies you have tons of examples of these like asset boom, asset extract, asset crash scenarios. One interesting thing is crypto just hasn't had too much of the last part. It has had asset crash in that the equity value has crashed. Hasn't had asset crash in that there is value that people extract by merging things and doing investing. That's more in the aggressive style. I think there is an argument to be made that if there's a lot of new vc money, that means you expect a lot of new asset creation. If you think that theres not that much new asset creation were kind of out of the credit bubble side, then you should be funding hedge funds and I guess more vulture investing p type of stuff you would fund in the last case. But the weird part of crypto versus everything else, like I said, hasnt really had the last case in terms of activist investors, vulture funds, etcetera. I think in some ways there are some, I think kind of like normal finance. The ones who do that try to not be known. It's better. They're the opposite of VC. When you're creating new assets, you need to be really public because you need your assets to have more people knowing about it. When you're trying to merge assets and shove them in together and do buyouts, you don't want anyone knowing until you're already done doing it. It's just a totally different communication style. And I just think this debate is just a matter of people debating where in this kind of credit cycle we are. And to me, it's just not very clear whether we are kind of because we don't have this last phase of cleaning up dead assets in crypto. It's not clear to me which one is the right. So I want to just take this monetary and asset history kind of lens on this and say, like, hey, if you're like saying there's too much vc money, you're just saying that there needs to be no new assets, right. And that the assets that exist are sufficient. I think it's a my assets people.
Speaker D: Be buying the assets that I already own is what is what Arthur is saying.
Speaker A: No, I'm not. I wouldn't give him total. A lot of flack for that. Right. Because there's a ton of venture backed investments that just have had horrible failures in the liquid markets. And there is real evidence that there's a glut in some part of crypto, but there's also evidence that sometimes something comes out that attracts an infinite amount of capital, like restaking. And then it's like every dollar that went into restaking was 100% worth it, relative on a net net value. To the investor, then putting your money into the re staking protocol, possibly in terms of asset creation versus the amount of yield you get from actually being in the protocol. I think there's a sense in which you need both. There's some equilibrium, the native yield that the liquid part offers. If there was too many people in the liquid market, staking yields would be zero. And so you also have to consider that aspect. There's some impact costs to the carry cost of holding liquid assets goes up and so your profit goes down. So I think its on a simple argument. And look, I get for Twitter, you want to have a nice gesso story of one side or the other, but its kind of this complicated thing in my opinion.
Speaker B: Tom, whats your take?
Speaker D: Yeah, I think the point around there now being asset consolidation and crypto is very true. I think. I always say it's very hard for a coin to actually stop trading. Even the deadest token, even the deadest coin you can imagine or think of probably still traded some nominal amount of volume today. And I think in aggregate, obviously that kind of affect market liquidity. But look, I think markets are extremely good at revealing information and it's easy to shit on the high FTV, low flow vc coin meme. I think some of that is maybe in aggregate badges for the optics of the market. But look, if we're truly burned out and no one wanted to buy these things, or there's complete overallocation in the early stage, we would see that in the later stage markets. And hey, these things would be trading at flat to their last round, or there'd be absolutely no liquidity or no demand for these tokens when they launch. In practice, that's just not true. Ultimately, sort of people's preferences and the market is sort of telling you exactly what it thinks. And so you can complain that, hey, there's no IPo market. If there's no IPo pop, maybe some people get mad. But yeah, that just means it was priced to perfection and there's no new information being revealed. And I think that's kind of what we're seeing here, where if there were some amazing opportunity in liquid markets, later stage, people would be going and raising funds and deploying there. But there isn't.
Speaker B: That's a good point. I mean, if you go look at the pre market trading on Evo or hyper liquid or whatever you can see.
Speaker A: Or Coinbase as of today.
Speaker D: Yeah, Coinbase.
Speaker B: Coinbase is doing pre market.
Speaker A: Offshore market. Yeah, offshore.
Speaker B: Oh, wow. Wow. What? Are they listening?
Speaker A: Eigen.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: I mean, that's makes sense because like.
Speaker B: Wait, does Eigen want that? I assume they would not want that. Okay, but interesting. All right, well, it's probably one of.
Speaker C: The largest assets that doesn't have.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think it's like the math on the fees.
Speaker B: Right, right, right. Yes. That's just surprising to me because I would assume Coinbase would only be. Anyway, whatever. I have no idea. Yeah. So my take, I won't surprise you guys that my take is that I think this is nonsense and that obviously venture is good. And because we're funding new stuff and if Crypto's gonna win, it's because new stuff gets created and we create new products that help people. And so anybody who's claiming, well, crypto doesn't have a use case and it's all speculation. It's like, okay, yeah, then what you're demanding is more startups, more products, more creation. Now you might say, well, but the VC's don't fund that. They fund instead more high FTV, low float launches that get dumped on retail. Yeah, I just think, I mean, for one, a lot of the products that have been very successful, one, they were backed by paradigm. So like Blur and did Blur do yuga Labs? I don't think they did, actually, but they did Axie Infinity.
Speaker A: Did paradigm do yuga Labs?
Speaker B: They did do yuga. Yeah, they did do yuga. They've done a bunch of stuff that's like consumer. Yeah, I think they did. I think it was both Anderson and Paradigm that did Yuga. I could be wrong. Whatever. They've done stuff right. The point is they've done everything under the sun. Now, have they done high FTV, low flow type things that are down. Absolutely. By the way, everyone has, there's nobody who hasn't invested in startups that have gone down in value. But net net, if the market basically thinks that like, hey, these things aren't valuable, then they'll stop doing them. Ultimately, these people are responsive to the market.
Speaker A: To be fair, a lot of the venture, consumer CPG stuff of like the 2015 to 2020 era, if you look at their ipos, they look very similar to the high float.
Speaker B: All fint are.
Speaker C: Low float, high FTV, every IP.
Speaker A: But these ones are the like the all birds of the world. Oh my God, those are like, those look like me. Worse than the worst.
Speaker B: Oh yeah. And a lot of the consumer tech stuff, you know, and like a lot of the, you know, like was a.
Speaker A: Bird and all birds, I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take a stand here. All birds deserves it. Cuz they're such fashion. It's like sartorial murder. Like no one should be caught dead wearing that shit.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker D: I think bird scooters, which are trading for like, like, I think they're like a few hundred k. Yes, because it's like the liabilities are so huge.
Speaker C: And anyway, it's bankrupt.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: Anyway, it's trading for hundreds of thousands.
Speaker C: Of dollars of just like stub equity value that has no value.
Speaker B: Right, right. Just on the option value that like maybe the accountants committed fraud and actually there's a bunch of money.
Speaker C: Correct. Yeah, it trades for non zero for like edge.
Speaker D: It's just for the memes.
Speaker B: It never goes to zero. Never goes to zero.
Speaker C: Well, every once in a while a bankrupt company's equity actually is worth a ton. But it's very rare.
Speaker B: Yeah, because they messed up. But then also the other thing is. Okay, well, let's imagine. So Arthur's claim in this post is that, well, it'd be better if there were liquid funds. So two things that I would claim on that. One, all of the mega funds bought a bunch of liquids. Everybody who raised multi billion dollars, they had to deploy in liquids because their funds were so big. So the idea that these smaller funds are like the mega funds are bad for you is like, no, we should wish they were bigger. Because the bigger they are, the more they have to buy liquids and they have to go do treasury sales. They have to do all these things to displace assets that would otherwise be hitting liquid markets. So it's backwards to think that early stage or that paradigm raising 850 million is bad for you. It's actually good for you. You want them to raise bigger, even bigger than they currently are. Second is that the idea that a liquid markets fund is going to be better for liquid markets is also not obviously true. Right. If you look at an actively managed hedge fund, these guys are long shorting things, they're doing pair trades, they're getting out of stuff. They're not necessarily going to be buying bitcoin to make the bitcoin price go up. That's probably not what they're doing. They're probably charging two and 20 or they're charging whatever fees they're charging so they can go and get alpha over the market and extract money from retail. They're making more money from retail. They're making the markets not as soft as they would otherwise be. They make it harder for retail to survive in the market. So I think this is not the door that you should be banging on. To my mind ultimately, the long term capital is like, in the long run, crypto will only work not because of hedge funds or VC funds. VC funds might help because they fund new products, but at the end of the day, the thing that you need is institutional adoption and retail adoption that needs to grow. And a lot of that is going to grow not because of anything we do or because of anything that a hedge fund manager does, but because crypto is just better. Crypto just wins over time because people who believe in crypto get older and get more purchasing power and eventually are at the seat of the economy. And the people who right now are like, yeah, I'm in my twenties and I think crypto is obvious. They go into their thirties and forties and they have a lot of purchasing power and they still think crypto is obviously right. That, I think is going to be the vector by which crypto adoption grows in a very obvious and straightforward way. And what happens in the meantime? If you get a VC fund or a hedge fund that goes in and buys crypto, they are, in a sense doing an intertemporal transfer of the people who are going to buy bitcoin tomorrow. They are front running those people and buying bitcoin today. But in the long run, the reason why these things are valuable, all these things, hedge funds and venture funds, theyre short term. They have fun lives of five to ten years or whatever it is, but eventually all of them have to sell. The VC funds have to sell the hedge funds also have to sell. The only real long term thing is the underlying adoption of crypto, which has been happening, but it has to continue happening. I don't think that is going to be shortened or delayed in any way by VC funds. The only thing that could possibly make it go faster is that we have new products, new uxs, better onboarding and a better experience for retail users. And thats ultimately what VC is here to do. Now, if theyre failing at doing that, theyre failing at doing that, and the markets will ultimately correct it. But in the long run, that is what we get paid to do. And so the other thing that people often criticize VC's for is that, oh, they keep funding these new blockchains, these new l ones, these new l two s, blah, blah, blah. And im like, dude, have you seen how bad these blockchains are? Everyone complains about the UX as a blockchain and they also complain that people are funding new ones. I think that it's very clear there's a lot of room to go on the technology. And obviously it'll be true that mostly startups don't succeed at becoming the future of Ethereum or of Solana or whatever. It's very hard to build Ethereum, it's very hard to build a Solana. But almost certainly the way that blockchains work in 20 years will not be the way that they work today. And almost certainly there's going to be new ideas and new fresh blood that comes into the space that reinvigorates our ideas about how this technology can work. That's my full throated endorsement of the concept of venture capital. That being said, there are bad VC's, there are pump and dumpers, there are all those things. There are short term capital, and those things I do think are bad, but they're also a distraction from the main thing that we should be focused on as an industry, in my opinion.
Speaker C: I completely agree. And I will just caveat and add that oftentimes on Twitter you get very populist takes that will be successful because 99% of the investing public are not VC's and 99% of the investing public generally just wants things to go up and go up more and go up for the stuff they hold. And so I think it's very easy to come up with very populous takes that are not always entirely rooted in objective reality.
Speaker B: Yeah, I do feel like sometimes I get a little too responsive to Twitter, but when these things blow up and I see other VC's talking about, I'm like, okay, I feel like I have to say something, but maybe I should just. Maybe I should learn to shut up more often.
Speaker C: No, you got to dive in headfirst. You got to do the opposite instead of shutting up, you know?
Speaker B: I mean, look, I did that with, with Iggy Azalea and she told me. What did she say? She said, men like you never get women or something like that. I don't know. I was.
Speaker C: Aren't you married?
Speaker B: You're married, right? Yes. Correct.
Speaker C: Okay, so, yeah, iggy's wrong.
Speaker D: Take that, iggy.
Speaker B: No, but I thought it was funny, but it was. It's another, like, micro example is don't engage.
Speaker A: Think about this way. Mother holders got some content out of buying mother, which is so invested in making sure mother.
Speaker B: That's right. That's right. Mother never loses her holder.
Speaker A: They got that. They got that fight.
Speaker B: That's absolutely.
Speaker A: They got the dog.
Speaker B: Yeah. Anyway, cool, that's a wrap. Thanks, everybody, and we'll be back in a couple of weeks.
