Speaker A: A lot of issuers don't want to do this. Most of them they deal specifically with in kind because they don't really want to have to be going into markets and buying and selling this stuff and what, what have you, right? So it's going to be more onus on the issuer to operate these. So there might be some issuers out there that I hint, as I hinted in the beginning, that are like, well, we were going to do this if we could do in kind, but if we have to hire people to make sure that we're trading and buying and selling the bitcoin directly, we might not want to do that.
Speaker B: Hi everyone. Welcome to Unchained, your no hype resource for all things crypto. I'm your host, Laura Shin, author of the Cryptopians. I started covering crypto eight years ago and as a senior editor at Forbes, was the first mainstream media reporter to cover cryptocurrency full time. This is the December 15, 2023 episode of Unchained. This episode is brought to you by Uniswap. From their self custodied wallet to zero gas swaps, Uniswap is building products for safe and seamless swapping across defi. Visit app dot uniswap.org to get started. Arbitrum's leading layer two scaling solution offers you ultra cheap and lightning fast transactions, all with security rooted on Ethereum. Visit arbitrum IO today. Vaultcraft is your no code defi toolkit for customizing non custodial automated yield products on any EVM chain. Join the referral program today and start earning rewards. Learn more at Vaulcraft IO. Hey unchained listeners. As you know, it's hard keeping up with a fast paced world of crypto, so we've got just the thing for you. Subscribe to our free Unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. you'll get the latest crypto news and original articles from our reporters, as well as summaries of other happenings and bullet points, plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. It's still your no hype resource for all things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot. Today's guest is James Seifert, research analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. Welcome, James.
Speaker A: Hi Laura, thanks for having me. Happy to be here again.
Speaker B: It hasn't been that long this is a very intense time for you, I imagine, and also just for the crypto community in general, particularly the bitcoin community. We're most likely less than a month away from the launch of swap bitcoin ETF's at this point, and yet it sort of feels like cram time before finals, at least for the potential issuers in the SEC, seeing there's like multiple meetings happening all in one week. There's like, these changes being made. So what information can you glean about what's going on?
Speaker A: Yeah, so, I mean, there's a lot of, like, to be honest, there's a lot of bad takes I've seen on Twitter and other places about what's going on. They're like, why would they be meeting this much if they're gonna approve them? Look, our view, the one thing I will say is you said we could see one list within a month. We're very confident we see one approved. That might not mean they list partially because all these meetings means that the SEC and these issuers are, like, going over finer details, likely like pushing and arguing for different things. The main thing is this in kind verse, cache, create redeem model which we can get into. But there's also likely, like, a lot of other things. I wouldn't be surprised if we see a notice that, like another issue or met with the SEC today or yesterday that hasn't dropped in the SEC website. Everything I'm hearing is there's a lot of people meeting with the SEC over the, over this week, over the last few weeks. And my view is it's a positive thing because they would not be down in the weeds going over these minutiae, this minutiae if, like, they weren't willing to spend significant time because they want to get these things ready.
Speaker B: Yeah. And so I should say, first of all, we're recording on Thursday at 11:00 a.m. which is why James is saying we might see more news about meetings and other stuff before this episode goes out. But one other thing is that, so just to clarify for me, because this, you're recognizing that there's a gap in my knowledge. So the approval would happen by January 10 at the latest is your best guess. And then, so how long of a delay is it until launches or listing?
Speaker A: Yeah. So the dates that I'm looking at are January 8 to January 10. That's when I think we'll see these approval orders, if Eric Belchius and I are correct in our call, which obviously, I hope we are. So that's under the 19 B four process, and then there's this other process, the s one, which is what a lot of these meetings are about. It's about, like, the language in these documents, what it says about risk disclosures and how these funds are going to operate. There are no real true deadlines on that. Now. It would be very abnormal if it was like months between the 19 B four approval and the s one approval. My base case is I think that they could get approved around the same time. Like, the SEC is working in conjunction both divisions that would be approving these things, but it wouldn't be out of the question to see, like, a few days or weeks between seeing those approval orders and ultimately these, these funds listing on an exchange. So there's no set, like, oh, we get approval and then, like, we have two days and these things are gonna list. It could happen anywhere from, like, a day or two to, like, a couple weeks, in my view. Um, I lean towards thinking we'll have them like you hinted. I think they'll be listed in mid January, potentially maybe even earlier. But, um, there's no way to know at this point when that will be okay.
Speaker B: But will it be the same thing where all the approvals happen on the same day and then all the listings happen on the same day?
Speaker A: So I think, yes, I think all the approvals are going to happen on the same day. That's a stance we've had for a long time. That's what happened with the theorem futures ETF's. I think that's what the SEC's goal is. The listings will almost be up to the issuers, right? Have the issuers got all their plumbing set up? Do they have all their third parties lined up and ready to go for this approval? Which there's no way for me to know for sure, and I can guarantee you that many do like they will, just knowing how things work. But maybe some of these issuers are deciding there's too many horses in this race, or it's too much work because the SEC seems to not be allowing in kind. There's all these different reasons, but. So, like, theoretically, SEC is going to say, if you're ready, you can go, and then it's going to be up to the issuers and their partners to make sure they're ready to operationally ready to launch these things.
Speaker B: Okay, so now let's talk about the main sticking point, at least from all of us tea leaf observers. What we're reading this, the main sticking point at this point is whether or not there's something called in kind creations and redemptions of these spot ETF's versus cash creations and redemptions. So can you explain what the difference is between these two things?
Speaker A: Yeah, so interrupt me if I say anything this confusing because I'm going to have to go like talk for a while about this to kind of get it because it's very nuanced, but it actually does mean a lot. At the end of the day, before I even dive into this diatribe, I do want to say like for the most part when these things list, the average end investor is not going to know the difference between what's going on here. It's going to be very minute differences here. So that said, the way that an ETF operates, why most people consider to be better than mutual funds is more tax efficient. It trades intraday, you can put money into it intraday, and the ETF doesn't have the massive premiums and discounts that we've seen in GBTC and something called closed end funds because they can create and redeem shares or create and destroy shares on a daily basis. So the way that an ETF normally operates. So we'll just talk Bitcoin because that's what we're talking about here. The way an in kind model would work is these market makers, authorized participants, think Wall street traders. These people would gather up bitcoin if they're creating shares of the ETF. They would gather up bitcoin wherever they get it. They would hand it over to the issuer, the authorized participant would hand it over to the issuer and in return the issuer then create new shares of the ETF. They take delivery of that bitcoin and those shares will be created to be traded on exchange. So at all times youre trading bitcoin for shares of ETF, which is an in kind transaction. Its two things that are equal value and the IR's does not consider that to be a taxable event. So all of a sudden youre creating and redeeming shares and theres no basic transaction happening. Its just that keeps that premium discount at zero. It keeps the NAv in line with the price. And it also me is very taxably efficient with cash create. Its more like its basically thats how mutual funds work in this day and age, right. All mutual funds for the most part, they pay capital gains at the, at the end of the year. It's very common. ETF's almost never pay capital gains because of that in kind model, a cash model is where those AP's, those market makers, those Wall street trader type people, they're going to be handing over cash and getting shares of the ETF in return, or in the opposite of redeeming, they're going to be handing over the shares and getting cash in return. So what that means is that the buying and selling of bitcoin is happening at the issuer level, which again, is how all mutual funds work. You give cash and the next day they buy the underlying assets for you. But the problem with that is that's a taxable event, right? So with the mutual fund and with these cash creates which, which is not guaranteed that this, the SEC is not allowing in kind. But that's certainly the tea leave reading that I'm getting. Obviously, we've seen Blackrock and Grayscale and Fidelity and Ark and a bunch of these other issuers pushing hard to allow in kind, because in my view, it's better for everyone involved for those reasons I just talked about. But the issue with cash create and redeem is essentially it's a taxable event. So right. That means that at the fund level, they have some sort of gains that they need to distribute. So typically, when a fund distributes an income dividend or a company distributed stock, it's taxed as income, which was taxed at like your marginal tax rate. But these cap gains distributions are going to be like, oh, the fund earned like x amount of profit because the bitcoin that they sold, they have in the fund at a cost basis of 10,000 and they just sold it at 40,000. That's a $30,000 gain. And they have to pay capital gains tax on that, which is 15%, 20%, whatever that, whatever that value is, which is typically lower than marginal tax rate. And what that really means is if youre holding the fund, you might get hit with a capital gains distribution that you werent expecting. Now, thats not the end of the world, right? If you own the fund and you want to buy and sell it, or if you own bitcoin and you want to buy and sell it, youre going to be sitting on embedded gains. Thats basically whats happening here with these funds. And specifically, it matters to grayscale because theyve been operating for so long. So really all it is, is a timing thing. So with ETF, the big benefit over mutual funds is you can dictate when you have those capital gains distributions, basically when you recognize those gains gains, whereas with this structure, with the cash create, redeem, it might force you to recognize those gains earlier than you want to but it's not like you're losing any money here. You're just going to have to pay taxes on those gains slightly earlier. And theoretically, if you really wanted to, you could reinvest in the fund with those gains or you can put them into another bitcoin fund or bitcoin directly or what have you.
Speaker B: Okay. But the thing is like I would imagine this just increased the costs and ETF's are kind of known to be a low cost investment vehicle, whereas I would imagine that would just. Yeah. Increase the base cost so then they're no longer as inexpensive as they could be.
Speaker A: Yeah. So that's true. One of the benefits of the ETF wrapper is like all of that stuff that I talked about happens in the plumbing and with these market makers and traders and the fact that you're going to have to bring this in house, which is why a lot of issuers don't want to do this. Most of them they deal specifically with in kind because they don't really want to have to be going into markets and buying and selling this stuff and what have you. Right. So it's going to be more onus on the issuer to operate these. So there might be some issuers out there that as I hinted at the beginning, that are like, well, we were going to do this if we could do in kind, but if we have to hire people to make sure that we're trading and buying and selling the bitcoin directly, we might not want to do that. Right. So that's one thing, but it definitely will bring more of the costs in line with the issuer. It's going to add a little more friction because there's way more steps here. So whereas if you're buy, if the AP, the authorized participant or market maker, I'll just, I'm going to refer to them as AP and mm, just think of those as the, the trader people that make this work on the back end. For most people, they are handling all of that. Now you're putting it inside the ETF wrapper, which is less tax efficient. And like you said, it might add cost because you have all these extra steps that are being included here that people do. So you might end up with like slightly wider spreads than in cash grade versus in kind. But for the most part, like for the end investor, like this does not matter. Like you're talking about like basis points, like one basis point maybe indifference and spreads and different things like that. It's going to be minimal impacts for the average person that are looking for exposure to bitcoin. That said, the taxable part of this and cap gains distribution is that could matter to some people. But for the most part, at the end of the day, this really isn't that big of a deal. It's just something that people should be aware of. And obviously people have tons of questions on this. And I will disclaim like, I'm not a lawyer or tax expert, so don't, please do your own research. This is not investment advice. I'm just trying to explain the structures here.
Speaker B: Okay, so in a moment, we're going to discuss a little bit more about this difference between in kind versus cash creation redemption. But first, a quick word from the sponsors who make this show possible. Uniswap X is the newest product from Uniswap Labs, which aggregates liquidity across market sources to give you market leading rates. And the best part is, Uniswap X costs zero gas. That means you don't pay any gas on swaps with Uniswap X. If zero gas fees weren't enough, Uniswap Labs is excited to announce that the Uniswap app is now available on both iOS and Android. Start swapping seamlessly with products from the most trusted team in Defi. Visit app dot uniswap.org to get started. Arbitrum stands at the forefront of innovation as the premier suite of layer two scaling solutions, bringing you lightning fast transactions at a fraction of the cost, all with security rooted on Ethereum. From Defi to gaming, Arbitrum one plus Nova is home to over 500 projects. And with the recent launch of orbit, Arbitrum welcomes you to build your very own tailor made layer three, or an orbit chain. Propel your project and community forward by visiting Arbitrum IO today. Back to my conversation with James. One other thing that I wanted to ask, though, was. So you're saying these kind of back end participants, they'll take all this on, they'll not only do all the steps of buying in and out of bitcoin and cash, but then they'll also, I guess, pay those capital gains. But I guess what I was wondering is, I think there's also more risk to them, right? Because if they're constantly having to convert out of us dollars into bitcoin and vice versa, then they're constantly also losing a little bit of value because there's bid ask spreads when they're buying, or just simply the fact that the bitcoin price can be quite volatile, that would they need to have sort of trading strategies on the back end to make sure they're not losing money. But obviously they might not do it correctly every time, so they might lose money. And so that's another way the expenses might trickle out to users. Am I right or wrong?
Speaker A: Yeah. So it comes out really in the spread is what happens essentially, because these market makers are very sophisticated. We're talking like Citadel, Susquehanna, Jane Street, Virtu, like massive players in this space and they are hedging on both sides of the trade. So they're basically trying to get to their neutral exposure. So what they will do if like things are more complicated or more volatile, those spreads will be a little bit wider, potentially. So basically what they're willing to offer at buy ad and sell at are going to expand a tiny bit. So that might show up a little bit in the ETF. But again, for the most part this is what they do day in, day out, 24/7 so that said, with the issuers, if they're the ones that have to buy and sell bitcoin, they're going to have to figure out a way to do this, whether it's through an OTC desk or some exchange, who knows exactly how they're going to do it. But the SEC basically is saying they don't feel comfortable with brokers. Typically the people that are AP's in this case are a lot of big banks and brokers that are registered broker dealers. And you've done a lot of coverage on this related to Prometheum and a bunch of other things about like how brokers can't touch this stuff, particularly bitcoin. And I think it comes back to the SEC basically isn't going to give up on that stance. So if they do allow in kind, the problem here is that they'd almost be like implicitly accepting a loophole to that rule. So basically these brokers would have subsidiaries and offshore entities that would technically deal in the bitcoin and they have offsetting balance sheet positions, which, yeah, that would work and it would be the most efficient way as things are currently constructed, in my opinion. But again, that's like the SEC, almost like green lighting a loophole that takes everything more out of their jurisdiction. Right? So by forcing it to be cash, the brokers aren't touching the bitcoin. So the brokers are under the SEC's jurisdiction and the asset management firms who run these ETF's are under the SEC jurisdiction. So all of a sudden everything stays when they leave it in cash under the SEC jurisdiction because they are not allowing brokers to touch this stuff.
Speaker B: Oh, okay. Now I understand that. So that's basically the reason why they want to do that.
Speaker A: So I don't know for certain that's the reason that they want to do this because they are not telling, as far as I know, there, there's nothing publicly explaining this. They are not telling issuers as far I'm aware why they're not doing this, but I'm just trying to read the tea leaves and I've talked to a lot of different people on this and that's my view essentially. That's what I think is happening. And to be clear, the SEC, they've gone in baby steps this whole way. GBDC is here. Then they allowed bitcoin futures ETF's. Now they're getting to spot ETF's. They allowed eth futures ETF's. But with spot, they're still not comfortable with the brokers actually touching the on the line bitcoin. So we're only going to get cash probably to start and then in kind. Now, again, I just want to reiterate, like I don't think Grayscale and Blackrock, we've seen filings from Valkyrie and Vesco and Bitwise specifically that have basically given up. They, Scott Johnson, one of the guys that covers this pretty well, is he said they bent the knee essentially. So they're kind of like giving up and bending the knee to the SEC's desire that this all be cash create. We haven't seen other issuers do that yet, but based on what we're hearing and what I'm seeing, it's looking like the SEC doesn't want to budge on allowing in kind. But these issuers, BlackRock, and I know for a fact grayscale, theyre not going to give up on trying to push for some sort of revised model that will make it better so that we dont have to worry about this cash create and the tax implications and the inefficiencies that weve been talking about.
Speaker B: And as far as I understand, correct me if Im wrong, the issuers all wanted both options. They all wanted to be able to do both cash creation and redemption as well as in kind. And what my understanding was they wanted to do cash because they wanted banks to also be involved in this process and banks cannot hold crypto. But then they also wanted the advantages of the in kind and so they kind of wanted optionality. But now they're all being like funneled just toward cash. Is that, am I correct or.
Speaker A: Yeah. So a lot of the documents still aside from those three I just mentioned, bitwise was first to officially do it, I believe. Then investo did it yesterday, and then Valkyrie actually dropped a filing today where they went to it and they all say like subject to regulatory approval or changes. Basically they would like to use in kind as well. But the other ones, they all do, like you said, basically say like in kind or cash. That's just typical language for an ETF. For the most part, you can do both. But like, the vast majority of these trades and these transactions happen in kind because it's so much more efficient from multiple different perspectives. So yes, they both, they want to leave both open, but for the most part, everyone would much prefer all of these transactions happen in Kinderg. But obviously some of these issuers are going to say we're going to leave the ability open for cash in case for some reason something's going in the markets where doing cash is just more efficient. So it's not guaranteed that in kind is always 100% going to be the most efficient way to do this, particularly if an AP or market maker can't locate enough bitcoin or something like that. So theoretically, leaving the ability open or release valve to do cash create or in kind makes sense. But it's looking like the SEC just is nothing that is not getting there where they're going to allow these issuers to do in kind alongside the cash creates.
Speaker B: So one other question is that, as you mentioned, this will affect Grayscale in a very particular way. So can you describe how it will work for them?
Speaker A: Yeah, so all these other issuers besides Grayscale, they'd be starting new funds. So it's not that big of a deal, particularly even just to be in cash. Right. Aside from the fact that the onus will be on the issuer to actually buy and sell the bitcoin. For the most part, these issuers, it's probably not a big deal, but for some it actually does matter. Obviously, I know for a fact I mentioned them at the front. Grayscale is probably one of the ones leading the charge. Blackrock has met with them the most, and you can see they have to publish their presentation on the SEC website and they basically are going back and they're saying, here's a revised model for in kind that's slightly in the middle between cash and in kind, and would satisfy our concerns. So everyone's doing this, and then you have fidelity and Ark and 21 shares. They all seem to be leaning this way, but it affects Grayscale the most because theyre an operating vehicle. So theyve already had bitcoin. They have right now 620,000 bitcoin in that trust. Roughly, theyve seen 640,000 flow in. The problem is those bitcoin have a certain cost basis. Now, I will say GBDC is a granted trust and the tax structure around that is very complicated. I was up late last night trying to understand exactly what this means at an individual level, and I had to take a step back because it was a little bit much for me, to be honest. But what you need to realize is basically this bitcoin has gone in from 2013 until the fund closed in March of 2021. All that bitcoin came in right. Now, the average price. I tried to do this the best I could, and basically, the way I did it is I calculated this much money went in on this day. The average price of bitcoin in this day was this. That means that this many bitcoins went in at this price. Right? So my estimate is that right now, the average bitcoin in GBDC is around eleven to $12,000. Like, that's the cost basis. So theoretically, if you have to sell that now, what they do in this instance is they'll sell the higher cost basis stuff first, so they don't have to incur any taxable events, particularly while cash is only allowed. But they have, they have some bitcoin. They've taken in over 40,000. They have some, they've taken in from 30 to 40, but a bulk of it is under that 20,000 mark, right? And some of it is even came in below the $1,000 mark because they launched in 2013. So while the money that came in in 2013 and 2015 wasn't that massive of numbers, like, it was a couple million dollars here and there, but bitcoin was $100 or $1,000 or under $5,000 when that was coming in. So it's a lot of bitcoin that's stored in there, that's giving that exposure. So, grayscale GBTC has taken in 7.4 ish billion dollars in its lifetime. Currently it's a $27 billion fund, because all those bitcoin it took in early are now massively appreciated, which is obviously good for anyone who's been invested in this thing for a long time. But it's no different than if you had held bitcoin yourself, because you're sitting on those. So if you need to sell that, you're going to have to pay capital gains, the IR's, and that's basically the same position that GBTC is in. So if we see a ton of money pouring out of GBTC, the trust itself is going to have to sell bitcoin. And then basically say we sold with our cost basis was x, we sold at y, we have to pay capital gains tax on that percentage. But really what they do is they distribute those capital gains in a basis. It's kind of like a dividend, but it's a capital gains distribution. And then individually, those people would theoretically pay whatever their capital gains tax rate is, which again, should be lower than like a regular income tax rate, at least in the US.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay. But so investors in GPTC then, I guess, would have an incentive to keep their money in that vehicle rather than switching to a different ETF provider if it ends up being cash creation.
Speaker A: Yeah. So I can't talk. I don't want to talk about individuals, but I will. This is the thing. If you've held GBTC for a long time and you're thinking about switching to another ETF, no matter what you're doing, you will have to sell for a profit and incur capital gains, right? So you need to decide, are you going to just eat that whole lump sum and sell out of this thing and pay capital gains and. Or would you rather sit in it and possibly get a capital gains distribution at the end of the year or what have you, depending on how flows go? I mean, if GBTC doesn't see really much in the way of outflows at all, then this isn't much of an issue, especially if basically GBDC gets to be in kind. The other thing I would say is Grayscale has not given up on in kind yet. All their documents, all their filings say specifically in kind, and they don't say they're going to cash. I'm assuming that if the SEC really puts the hammer down and says absolutely not, you have to be cash only, that grayscale would still convert to an ETF. But as of right now, all their documents, everything they've said, the presentations they've given the SEC over the recent months, they're still pushing for it in kind. It's just that if they do ultimately decide to convert to an ETF and uplift the New York Stock Exchange, this is what would happen, essentially. But if you're holding it already, you need to decide no matter what. Just like if you're holding any asset, if you're going to sell it and try to trade it, you still are going to have to pay on those gains no matter what. You do, this would just be like, if you don't want to sell, you might have to basically recognize those gains a little bit earlier. Like if you didn't want to sell for five years or six years, you might have to. So you might get a capital gains distribution of like how, depending on how much you hold some number. And basically you're recognizing that gain and then you could reinvest those assets either in GBC or some other investment or do whatever you want with it, really.
Speaker B: Right, right. Yeah, that's what I meant. That if in kind is allowed, then they wouldn't have to pay until later, but now they will have to pay no matter what, if everything is forced to be cash.
Speaker A: Yeah. So the benefit of in kind and ETF's is basically like, you don't, it doesn't matter what anybody else does. So in mutual funds, if you're, if you're in there and some, the fund is, I don't know, we'll say $10 billion and some, one person has $1 billion in there and they take it all out. Technically that like capital Gate, you'll end up with the distribution as just holding it even though you didn't sell. It's an inefficient way of doing taxes, really, as far as we're concerned. As far as anyone should really be concerned. Right. With an ETF, because of the in kind model, the actual trust and fund is not generating those gains. So basically you only have to worry about your gains paying those taxes on those gains when you decide to sell. That's the inefficient part here. You're being forced to recognize those gains earlier than you otherwise would. But it's still gains that you were going to have to pay no matter what, whether you stayed in the fund or depending on when you left, really an ETF that allows in kind, basically you control when you recognize those gains, this with cash, particularly if you see a bunch of outflows, you might be forced to recognize gains that you would have to pay taxes on.
Speaker B: Right, right. Yeah. And I could see that maybe changing people's minds, like if they were planning to leave to another issue or whatever. But anyway, but one other question. So, but then grayscale would also incur taxes when they end up listing, is that what you were saying?
Speaker A: No, because it should be a pass through entity. So essentially it would just go. So grayscale itself isn't going to like. Well, actually, I don't know for certain, but this is basically just how the trust is going to operate. So they'll rather than get like what's called, like a regular income distribution, like it comes in. And if you look at your, your tax documents that says income, this will come in and it will say the distributions were talking about here will say capital gains distribution, and it should be long term gains. So long term gains specifically are taxed lower. If you held it for over a year, that will come through, and theres a different tax rate for that. So basically, all its saying is were recognizing that you made certain amounts of gains and were distributing those assets as a cash dividend or cash distribution. And that distribution is capital gains, which you have to pay capital gains taxes on.
Speaker B: Okay. And then you also talked about how this would affect Blackrock in a specific way, the Blackrock private trust. Can you talk a little bit about that?
Speaker A: Yeah, so this is, this is more in the weeds and stuff that we've been talking about. And I've been looking at BlackRock, as you know, and many people are aware, they had a partnership with Coinbase back in August of 2022. Alongside that, they announced that they were launching a private trust for institutions and high net worth individuals that want access to bitcoin. And basically, Blackrock is going to offer this private trust now. Now it's not a mutual fund or an ETF. So we don't know what the assets are in that trust. But what we do know is that there's likely significant assets in there. And we were estimating a couple hundred million dollars were in there, hundreds of millions. We were thinking, and one of our theories was that BlackRock was just going to move that bitcoin basically into the ETF when the ETF launches. So almost seed it. And then basically the ETF would get a jumpstart and have however many assets that private trust had, because there's not really a huge benefit to just leaving in the private trust. Um, for these issuers, it will probably be way cheaper. Even the. I'm sure, I don't know what, we don't know what Blackrock's fees are. We don't know really any information on this thing. But it would probably be more efficient to be an ETF for, for most people. Right. So our theory was they're going to take those bitcoin and just import them into the ETF. And they can't do that in cash create, because you can't just take the bitcoin and then put the bitcoin in a creation into the ETF because you can only do cash create. So it's likely that those private trust assets are just going to sit in that private trust until the SEC gets comfortable with in kind. So our theory was basically Blackrock was going to use that trust and those assets, they already have to kind of perk up their ETF, make it look more competitive. It will be more competitive. I mean, if you come to market and all of a sudden you have hundreds of millions of dollars in your ETF and your name is Blackrock, it will have meaning. So it kind of almost like might be leveling the playing field. That said, there's no way to know from our point of view that 100% this was Blackrock's plan. But if I were Blackrock, that's what I would have been doing. And it's looking like, and based on the fact that they are one of the ones leading the charge on in kind, again, I will go back and say in kind is better for everyone involved at the end of the day, as far as I'm concerned, except for the SEC, it seems. But Blackrock has been pushing the charge here. And I think personally that maybe one of the reasons is possibly this.
Speaker B: Meanwhile, we have a bunch of issuers who are also applying for an Ethereum ETF, which obviously that would not be until sometime in the spring or later. But what's happening there? What timeline would you expect there to be some kind of approval? And we're also seeing some kind of objections in the press to the notion of an Ethereum ETF concerns about the staking model. So I just want to hear your thoughts on. Yeah, where that all is going.
Speaker A: Yeah, so there's a bunch of issues that are filed. It's basically in the same process that the spot bitcoin ETF's are going through. The reason we're looking at January 10 for spot bitcoin is because that's Ark and 21 shares first date. Vaneck, I believe, is the first one due for spot Ethereum ETF decision. So the final decision for them is like May 23 or 24th. So theoretically, it's possible that we see approvals by then. That said, we're nowhere near as confident in that as we are on the bitcoin side of things. And obviously, a bitcoin ETF approval would increase our confidence that a spot ether ETF would be happening. So those are the timelines we're watching. The objections we've seen in the press. Honestly, a lot of them I don't think are relevant because none of these applications are going to stake the ETH right now. So the objections about staking might have more to do with the fact that the SEC might use that to call it a security and then say they can't allow an ETF, but not that, like the SEC can't allow it because the trust documents in this case would just. Basically they don't say that they're going to stake the ETH, right? So if it's just going to be holding ETH, it's going to be the same thing as bitcoin, essentially. Now, obviously a lot of people, particularly bitcoin maxis, will argue that this is a security. My view is that the SEC has pretty much implicitly accepted Ethereum as a commodity at this point. So when the CME listed Ethereum futures, there's this whole process. And essentially the way futures lists, we have the CME, bitcoin futures, we have the CME ether futures, and then there's variations, there's micro versions of that. When you do that, you have to register and you file a document, and it basically says, we're registering these as this type of futures. And the most common ones are commodity futures or standard futures. Another one is securities futures, which it basically means it's a futures on a security, and that's dually covered by CFTC and SEC. So anytime anyone registers to futures, they could register for both, and the SEC could object and have said, no, this should be registered as securities futures because Ethereum is a security. But all three or four registration documents, they haven't done that for Ethereum. So that was one thing I was thinking the SEC might be getting more comfortable with Ethereum because they're not pushing back on these things. And to go take a step back, we actually just saw a lawsuit that went to the same court that Grayscale won with some of the same judges, where basically they decided the SEC was arbitrary and capricious in allowing something. Basically it's based on volatility. We don't need to get into nuance. But essentially the ruling was the SEC gave a letter that said, these are not securities futures. They can operate as commodities futures, which have a little bit, they're more cost efficient and can be more competitive. And the SEC said, no, these are security futures. You act capriciously and arbitrarily and you can't do this, right? So the court basically threw out the SEC's decision to allow this thing to be a regular futures contract. So now we go back to Ethereum. The SEC is not fighting this. They also now have approved Ethereum futures ETF's, which are squarely in their purview. If they want to go back and call this thing a security, then we'd have to delist every Ethereum futures contract out there. We'd have to delist the Ethereum futures ETF's and, and basically it wouldn't just be the SEC fighting against the industry, it would be the SEC fighting as the industry and the CFTC, its sister agency. So that's why I think things are more likely than not. We haven't put out exact odds, but I do think it's likely to happen in 2024. My view since this summer has basically been. I think Gensler and the SEC are pivoting on bitcoin and ethereum. So bitcoins on a tier all its own. Gensler will say it's not security, call it a commodity, and then he won't say anything on ethereum, but he'll call, like, pretty much everything under, everything else under the sun security. So I think he's kind of pivoted on bitcoin, Ethereum. I think it's just not worth their, their energy to fight this. That said, they could probably pull some, some rabbits out of their hat to delay this thing further. It's not guaranteed that it's going to happen in May of 24. I know that was a really long winded answer, but I just want, like, I'm probably going to get a lot of flack for saying that. I got a lot of flack for saying that on Twitter. But my view is basically, the SEC has implicitly accepted this thing is not a security at this point. Nothing saying they can't go back and try to fight that again. But I just don't think it's worth their time. It's way easier for them to go back and fight against these other things being securities, which they have put in these lawsuits against Coinbase and Kraken and other exchanges.
Speaker B: Yeah. So who knows where all that will go, because I do still think Ethereum is a different animal. And so it'll be very interesting to see whether or not applicants want to take advantage of that, but also how institutions will react because they kind of have a choice to, like, stake and get yields or, you know, just invest in normal ETF wrapper. But anyway, James, this was just jam packed of information. I really appreciate that you took the time. I know you have a very busy day today, so thank you so much for coming on unchained.
Speaker A: Yeah, thanks for having me, Laura. This was great.
Speaker B: Don't forget. Next up is the weekly news recap today, presented by Megan Christensen, who's a part of the unchained team. Stick around for this week in crypto after this short break. Defi just got way easier with your Noco toolkit for building, deploying and monetizing automated yield strategies in a few clicks. Forget spending months of R and D and capital when you can instantly launch your crypto fund with Vaultcraft on any EVM chain. From wallets and institutional service providers to anon defi Degens, anyone can use Vaultcraft to supercharge the their crypto. Join Vaultcraft's referral program, unite with the community, and supercharge your crypto details on Vaultcraft IO.
Speaker C: Thanks for tuning in to the weekly news recap. I'm Megan Christensen, producer at Unchained. Thursday morning, the crypto industry was rattled by a significant security incident. With a compromise of Ledger's connect kit, hackers injected malicious code into the GitHub library of Ledger's Connect kit, a key component used for connecting decentralized applications, or dapps, to crypto hardware wallets. This breach affected the front end of multiple dapps, leading to the unauthorized draining of $504,000 from the user's wallets. By the time of this recording, the exploit caused wider panic and confusion because it was not limited to Ledger wallet users. Ledger's connect kit is used by giants in the space such as Sushiswap, Lido, Metamask and Coinbase. Ledger responded promptly by replacing the compromised version with a genuine one and advised users to carefully verify transaction details. Despite the quick response, the potential extent of the breach was significant, with several Dapps and crypto protocols urging users to refrain from interacting with them until the situation was clarified. At 145 ASTM Thursday, the ledger team confirmed on x that the situation was solved. They wrote, quote Ledger and wallet Connect can confirm that the malicious code was deactivated. You are now safe to use your ledger connect kit. This week, the Financial Accounting Standards Board introduced new rules, potentially solving a big pain point for companies accounting for digital assets like bitcoin on their balance sheet. These amendments, which became effective after December 15, 2024, will enable companies to reflect the fair market value of the crypto holdings in their financial statements. This week, the Financial Accounting Standards board introduced new rules, potentially solving a big pain point for companies accounting for digital assets like bitcoin on their balance sheet. These amendments, which become effective after December 15, 2024, will enable companies to reflect the fair market value of the crypto holdings in their financial statement. Previously, firms were required to record losses when digital asset values fell below purchase prices, but could not report gains when values rose unless the assets were sold. Joe de Pasquale, CEO of Bitbull Capital, praised the update. He told Unchained that the changes would make it, quote, much easier for us to view the actual value of company's crypto holdings. Michael Saylor, chair of microstrategy, a significant bitcoin investor, also applauded the new guidance he wrote on x this upgrade to accounting standards will facilitate the adoption of bitcoin as a Treasury reserve asset by corporations worldwide. On Tuesday, lawyers for FTX objected to a staggering $24 billion tax claim from the IR's. Initially, the IR's had demanded as much as 43 billion, but this figure was later adjusted to 24 billion, a sum FTX has branded as absurd and meritless. The FTX bankruptcy estate argues that the exchange, which only operated for about three years, never generated income close to the amount claimed by the IR's. Indeed, audit firm Ernst and Young calculated that FTX reported over $11 billion in losses from 2020 to 2022. FTX's legal team is challenging the IR's to justify its calculations, stating that the tax claims significantly exceed any income the exchange could have possibly earned. This development comes as FTX reported recovering $7.3 billion in assets earlier this year with a plan to refund 90% of creditors claims if its amended bankruptcy plan is approved by mid 2024. However, the IRS demands could greatly impact these efforts, potentially delaying the recovery of user funds. Bitcoin, a well known digital asset exchange, has agreed to a significant settlement with the New York attorney Generals office. The exchange will pay $22 million in fines and refunds as well as fees operating in New York state in order to settle allegations of operating as an unregistered securities trading platform. This amount includes a $5.3 million fine and over $16.7 million in refunds to New York users. The settlement resolves claims that Kucoin acted as an unregistered securities and commodities broker dealer in the state. The lawsuit, filed in March 2023 by Attorney General Letitia James as part of her intensified efforts to regulate the crypto industry. The Martin Act, a New York law aimed at protecting consumers from securities fraud, was cited in the lawsuit against Kucoin. This settlement comes amid a challenging time for digital asset exchanges. Following Binance's recent $4.3 billion penalty for violating sanctions laws and operating without a license. Kucoin CEO assured users of their asset security during the transition, indicating those affected would be notified via email or sms. Interestingly, despite the legal challenges, Kucoin's native token KCS has shown a significant increase in value recently, reflecting a broader surge in the crypto markets. Binance intensified its legal defense against the lawsuit by the SEC. Despite recently settling with the DOJ, Finance and its former CEO Chang Peng Zhao faced ongoing litigation with the SEC. The SEC's lawsuit alleges that Binance violated us securities laws by failing to register as a broker dealer, incites the sale of BNB tokens and BUSD stablecoins as examples of unauthorized securities transitions. Finances Legal team has disputed these allegations, challenging the SEC's arguments unquestioning the relevance of the DOJ's settlement, in which Binance pleaded guilty to money laundering and other criminal violations to the current case. Meanwhile, Finance's blockchain BnB chain reported a record high 32.7 million transactions, demonstrating robust activity despite the legal challenges. Meanwhile, the old Mac supplied with the SEC to start an ETF focused on microstrategy, the largest corporate holder of bitcoin. This fund aims to generate monthly income by trading derivatives and earning interest on US treasury security holdings. Bloomberg senior ETF analyst Eric Bahunas however, skepticism about this etfemen suggesting that investors bullish on microstrategy might be better off just buying the stock directly. Also, SEC chair Gary Gensler told CNBC on Thursday that the agency's, quote, new look at applications for a spot bitcoin ETF was influenced by recent court rulings. One of those was an August decision by the US Court of Appeals for the DC circuit ruling in favor of Grayscale's arguments against the SEC for denying a bid to convert its grayscale bitcoin trust into a spotty TF. On Wednesday, Bloomberg reported that Suzhou, co founder of the now defunct three Arrows Capital, faced a Singapore court for questioning for the first time about the fund's collapse. The interrogation conducted by Teneo, the appointed liquidator, focused on understanding the failure of three AC increasing its assets. Jew's arrest in September marked a crucial step in addressing creditors concerns, with liquidators aiming to recover $3.3 billion. Despite his past claims of cooperating good faith, the liquidators have struggled to recover significant assets. Reflecting the broader challenges following the dramatic collapse of three AC. Montenegro's high court has extended the detention of terraform Labs co founder Doquan, as reported by Bloomberg. Following requests from the US and South Korea, the court ruled to extend Kwan's custody until February 15. Both countries are pursuing charges against Quan related to the 2022 collapse of the algorithmic stablecoin terrausd and its entire ecosystem. A decision on Kwan's extradition is pending with Montenegro's justice minister to determine his fate. Time for fun bits of in the quirky world of crypto, even former presidents are getting in on the action. Donald Trump is back in the spotlight, this time peddling NFTs featuring his infamous mugshot following two sets of NFTs he issued previously. That's right, you can now own a piece of digital art immortalizing Trump's less than presidential moments. It's a unique blend of politics, art and blockchain, a combo you probably didn't see coming. And that's all. Thanks for tuning in.
Speaker B: Unchained is produced by me, Laura Shin, with up from Kevin Fuchs, Matt Pilchard, Juan Aranovich, Megan Davis, Nelson Wong Shashank and Margaret Courier. Thanks for listening. Unchained is now a part of the Coindesk podcast Network. For the latest in digital assets, check out markets daily days a week with new host Noel Acheson. Follow the Coindesk podcast Network for some of the best shows in crypto.
