Speaker A: Who are the individuals that are getting the 64,000 bitcoin in our thing now? We don't know. Right. I mean, this is the big question. And keep in mind, like, if the distribution agents are bitgo, Kraken and bitstamp, bitco is really institutional only. So I assume that's probably where like the funds or maybe businesses that have claims are going to receive most of the individuals are probably getting this into, delivered directly into a trading capable Kraken or bitstamp account. So if you want to sell upon receipt, it's going to be pretty easy, right? Like, I think it's just like push a button, it should show up like right into a kraken or bit stamp trading account. So the game here to determine how much of that 65 or come obviously to come up with an estimate, right? We don't know. Right. This is all sort of assumptions based and there's research behind it. But the question is, what is the nature of these people? I can tell you one thing, they were early bitcoiners, right? Mount Gox declared bankruptcy in 2014. So these are people that owned or moved into Mount Gox custody bitcoin ten years ago. Right? So we know they're early bitcoiners now. I don't know. I don't know that many people who really like bitcoin that eventually start not liking it. Most likely they're still really into bitcoin.
Speaker B: Hi everyone. Welcome to Unchained, your no hype resource for all things crypto. I'm your host, Laura Shin, author of the Cryptopians. I started covering crypto nine years ago and as a senior editor, Forbes was the first major meter porter to cover cryptocurrency full time. This is the June 28, 2024 episode of Unchained. Polkadot is the original and leading layer zero blockchain with over 2000 plus developers and the Polkadot 2.0 upgrade will be a massive accelerator for the ecosystem. Join the Community@polkadot.net ecosystem community with itrust capital, you can buy and sell crypto in a tax advantage retirement account, enjoy significant tax advantages, 24/7 access and the industry's lowest fees. Today's guest is Alex Thorne, head of research at Galaxy. Welcome, Alex.
Speaker A: Yeah, hey Laura, thanks for having me back.
Speaker B: Ten and a half years after it initially filed for bankruptcy, Mount Gox is finally going to be making disbursements to creditors starting in July up through October. A total of 142,000 bitcoins, worth a little under $9 billion, are meant to be repaid and there's been consternation in the markets about this, some concern that this will cause the bitcoin price to drop. But you have said it's unlikely that all these bitcoins will make their way to creditors to be sold. So what do you expect to happen?
Speaker A: Yeah, it has been a long time. What a long road. And I mean, honestly, this was a huge deal. This is probably the first, you know, FTX, I would say. Right. And I'm just chuckling, too, because last time I was on your show, you were also simultaneously covering Sam Bankman Fried's trial. And so this kind of feels like the first major blow up, really, in crypto. I think there were other smaller exchanges. In fact, one of these poor, other smaller exchanges, bitcoin blew up before Gox and then recovered some of their coins, and they put it in Mount Gox for safekeeping. Then that got like. So that's. That's in this report, too, that we wrote about this. So, yeah, when I think about the coins, right. We'll call it about 142,000 coins that have been recovered. I believe it's about a 15% recovery of what was lost. Right. Or 142,000 coins set to be delivered. Right. In general, that they have in their possession to be returned to creditors. And this has been so hard for people to follow because, first of all, it's a foreign nations bankruptcy process. Bankruptcy is complicated enough. Right. In the US, imagine it's in Japanese. There's different japanese legal customs and norms that people don't know about. They're also notoriously private. So there's been this long road, and ultimately what's going to happen is that creditors have been overd time they've had to provide an account at Bitgo, Kraken, or bitstamp, through which they will eventually receive these coins. And they also have bitcoin cash because the estate was able to recover, not recover, recover the fork from 2017 of bitcoin cash. They held the keys for bitcoin the time of the fork. So you have effectively equal amounts of units of these two assets. And we've been waiting for the last few years, they've been doing this process of contacting all of these thousands and thousands of individual creditors all around the world, and like, I mean, probably over 100 jurisdictions, and getting them to get these accounts set up at the approved distribution venues. Then even more recently, they did a whole thing. Now a big reconciliation process with those distribution venues to make sure, okay, we were told by creditor, they have an account with you. Do they have an account is the account ready? Is it in good standing? Blah, blah, blah, blah. I'm told that's all complete, that reconciliation. Right. And then I wrote a note about this to galaxy clients and counterparties on May 13, saying that I expected, because basically all of this was complete. It should happen soon. I said as soon as May or June. And of course, a week or two ago, the state said they will begin in July, these distributions. Now, to your question directly, how much is set to be delivered? Well, I said there's about 142,000 coins total. But in order to get this quote, unquote, early payout, and I'm laughing because it's been ten years, you had to take a haircut. And our understanding is the haircut is about 11%, ten or 11%, meaning you get ten or 11% left. But that's not so bad. 90% of what you would otherwise get. Or if you want to hold out, you can hold out for an unknown amount of time, potentially, we think maybe even three to five years to see if they can recover your full claim amount. Right? So, and this is in kind. So we're talking about the bitcoins. We're not talking about a cash value, you know, the way some bankruptcies end up having to do recoveries. So we start with that number, 142,000. We say, okay, well, there's a haircut. So we'll take it down to, we'll say 75% is our, again, our guess. We talked to a lot of people. How many people chose that haircut, right? So we're trying to figure out how much of that 142,000 is set to be delivered in the near term. And so we say, okay, there's a haircut and there's not 100% probably said yes, but we think it's about 75%. So now that says you have 106,000 coins that are at issue. Right? If you do the 17, the 75%, and then if you do the ten or 11% discount now, you have 94,600 coins that are at issue. And then we are now trying to figure out who holds those coins. Right. Like what is the character, nature, breakdown, makeup of the, of the receiving people or entities? Well, we think about 20,000 coins are held in these Gox claims funds. Right. One of the things that happened over this long period of time happened in FTX. It happens in a lot of bankruptcies, is some investors raise money and go around and offer to buy the bankruptcy claims from the creditors. Right. They say, look, you know, who knows how much you're going to get whenever that, what, XYZ bankruptcy is resolved, you could sell your claim to us at some market clearing price, right? So let's say it's whatever the market is supporting for that price, it's based on the likelihood of a recovery or a recovery of XYZ amount, right? So you might say, let's say you're owed $100,000 in a bankruptcy, but the market is offering the claims. Market is offering you $50,000 for that claim, right? Obviously, someone on the other side of that is betting that they can pay you 50, but eventually collect more. But maybe you want that liquidity. You don't want to sit around for ten years waiting for japanese bankruptcy court to figure out what happened to magic, the gathering online exchange, right? Maybe you don't want to wait for that. So a lot of people did sell their claims, and we think about 20,000 of the bitcoin is held in these funds. Okay, so let's set that aside for a second. Right, so that's. So now we're down to 74,000 coins. There's also this poor exchange that I mentioned, bitcoinica, that has about 10,000 coins. Now we're at 64,000 coins that would. That are remaining as we remove these. Right? So I think about 64,000 bitcoin is set to be delivered to 20,000 individual people. Right? That's. That's when we do all that haircutting that I just described. So for a couple of reasons, I don't think the credit funds, the claims funds are likely to be big sources of selling. My understanding in talking to some of them is that they all plan to deliver in kind to their LP. So their LP's are going to get the bitcoin, they're not going to sell the bitcoin they get and give back cash. And then you start to wonder, who are the LP's right? Or what if they sell, right? This is the line of thinking, and we think that, again, in talking to some of some big LP's in these funds, as well as some of the funds that these LP bases are mostly comprised, almost entirely comprised of high net worth bitcoiners who effectively want bitcoin at a discount. Now, obviously, some are always going to sell from any of the cohorts I mentioned. But again, in doing some diligence on this, like, we're pretty sure this is actually, like, kind of diamond handed people who wanted to stack at a discount. Um, Bitcoinica can't sell theirs right away, even because now they're going to have to go through their own bankruptcy process in New Zealand. So those may get sold. For all we know, that's going to be a cash denominated bankruptcy like some of the ones in the US are we. I don't even know, but either way it's not getting sold right now. Right. So now the 64,000, who, who are the individuals that are getting the 64,000 bitcoin in our thing now? We don't know. Right. I mean, this is the big question. And keep in mind, like, if the distribution agents are bitgo, Kraken and bitstamp, bitco is really institutional only. So you, you, I assume that's probably where like the funds or maybe businesses that have claims are going to receive most of the individuals are probably getting this into, delivered directly into a trading capable Kraken or bitstamp account. So if you want to sell upon receipt, it's going to be pretty easy. Right? Like, I think it's just like push a button, it should show up like right into a kraken or bit stamp trading account. So the game here to determine how much of that 65 or come obviously to come up with an estimate, right? We don't know. Right. This is all sort of assumptions based and there's research behind it. But the question is, what is the nature of these people? Like to tell you one thing, they were early bitcoiners, right? Mount Gox declared bankruptcy in 2014. So these are people that owned or moved into Mount Gox custody bitcoin ten years ago. Right? So we know they're early bitcoiners now. Um. I don't know. I don't know that many people who really like bitcoin that eventually start not liking it, most likely they're still really into bitcoin in general. I would say in general that means they probably want their bitcoin, but let's start to lean in that direction, right? A more modern new exchange, like even FTX, which drew in a lot of like newer entrants and retail, like they. I would bet that the FTX creditor base, just broadly speaking, is not as die hard bitcoin or as the Mount Gox creditor base, just on balance. Right? So for sure, yeah. That's one thing that goes into the idea that maybe they're going to Hodl rather than sell. The other idea is that the claims funds they spent years making repeated and in some cases aggressive and competitive offers to buy these claims. And these people said no, they waited ten years. Right? You had an opportunity. I mean, some of these funds have been around for five years. Right? It's not like they only offered in 2017 when bitcoin was $1,000. Right? There were offers being bought and sold, like, at the highs of 2021. So people had an opportunity to get out with decent prices, even relative to where bitcoin prices now. Right. And yet they resisted. A lot of these remainders did resist. So again, that puts me to think that these are more likely to be diamond handed bitcoin types. Right? There's also a major tax consequence if they sell, right. Because effectively, this is an asset that even with the. The fact that it's only about a 15 or 16% recovery, this is like a 150 x. I think when Gox went bankrupt, the price of bitcoin dollarized was $451. Right? So they're getting these coins. If we assume it's today, bitcoin is what, like 61 five today? When I wrote this report last month, it was 63 five. But I mean, that's an enormous gain that they will have to take. I don't know exactly. I'm not an expert in the. Maybe they can claim a tax loss also. On the other part, I'm not really sure. Maybe they already have. But most likely there's a significant capital gain tax if you do sell, whereas if you hold in kind, you don't. So in general, I don't think there will be a lot of selling. That's what this all boils down to. Or at least I should say. I think that there'll be much less selling than a naive look at the headlines suggests.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, I think this analysis is so smart. So in a moment, we're going to talk about what that means then, for the price. But first, a quick word from the sponsors who make this show possible. Polkadot is the original and largest layer zero blockchain. With over 2000 plus developers, the anticipated Polkadot 2.0 upgrade will be a massive accelerator for the ecosystem. Upgrading the infrastructure with eight times higher transaction throughput and twice as fast, block times, tailored core time for the needs of every protocol. Trustless bridges to multiple chains, and revised tokenomics with a token burn to reduce inflation. Perfect for gamefi and defi to build, grow and scale. Get your Web three ideas to market fast. Think big. Build bigger with Polkadot. Join the community@polkadot.net work ecosystem community back to my conversation with Alex. So given all of that, how unlikely it is that this cohort that's going to receive the bitcoins is likely to sell, what do you expect to see happen with the bitcoin price?
Speaker A: Yeah, I think at a high level I expect it to be less impactful than many expect. That being said, you are going to see at some point a huge amount of coins get transferred out of these wallets and sent to exchanges. I think that could definitely spook the market. And by the way, there will be some selling, right? We're not saying there's no selling. I'm saying quite broadly that the alpha in this analysis, if there is any, is that I'm saying it'll be less than expected. Right. So I don't know. I think if we use some naive assumptions, if we say 10% of the 65,000 is sold, that's still 6500 coins that could be dumped on the market. And again, because the average creditor of the 20,000 has what, three point something bitcoin coming back to them. There's plenty of retail size. Now of course that's not the median, right? Like there's probably a power law distribution here where some people actually have a lot of bitcoin, but in general a lot of like sort of regular folks. Yes, they were early, are going to be able to sell this. They're going to be able to click sell in a Kraken or Pitt stamp account. Like it's not going to be operationally difficult to sell, right. If you choose to. So even in 65 and so these are likely to be market sales, right? You're like eh, I wanted my money back, I got it, I'm just going to sell this for dollars, right. You might decide 6500 bitcoin being dumped on a market sale sort of right around the same time, that can have an impact. I mean thats not a small sale, but again, bitcoins pretty liquid, right? I mean its trading ten to $20 billion a day on spot exchanges over the last. So 6500, its not a huge dent. So I think theres, I think it's something, it's an event. I do think the event is scarier than it is an actual liquidity sell event in my view. The other question people have is when are the coins actually going to be delivered? And I talked a little bit about that before about our view on timing, but now they say they will start in July. Now we don't know what date. And also humorously then they said this too when they were seen moving coins on chain at late May, which turned out to be some kind of operational preparation for this distribution. They end those statements the estate does with, but you'll have to wait for a while. That's what they say for a while. I don't know if this is a translation issue, but I'm like, please, sirs, we've been waiting for ten years. Right? But also like, what does for a while mean? Some people think that they have between July when they say, and the end of October, I think they are mandated by the court to do these distributions by the end of October. So some people think they'll be doing it in waves or it'll be done across that. From a market impact standpoint, sure, that would be better, but I just don't see the reason for that. My understanding is it is in their discretion, they just have to do it before the end of October. But in my view, I don't know why you would tell your creditors like, hey, you're going to get a third of it, and then one month and then a third the next month and then a third if they don't have to do that. And as far as I can see, we can see the coin sitting in these wallets like they have the coins. I don't know why they would delay. So I do expect it to get all delivered at once at some point. We're told in July is what the current guidance from this estate is. I think very obviously the damage to the market or the impact on the prices of these assets is likely to be much more significant and disruptive on the bitcoin cash side. Bitcoin cash has 160 6th the liquidity on centralized exchanges than bitcoin does. But effectively the same number of units is being delivered. And also not one single creditor of Mount Gox, uh, in their claim purchased bitcoin cash because it went bankrupt three years before bitcoin cash launched. Right. So maybe there are some people that like bitcoin cash. There's, you know, no, I don't really make a judgment on that, but it's relative to liquidity, it's a significantly larger amount of bitcoin cash to be delivered. And not one of these people put bitcoin cash on Mount Gox.
Speaker B: Yeah, it would be interesting to know what somebody like Roger Veer would do.
Speaker A: Yeah, I haven't gone through all of the Gox ones, but he is notably a creditor in bitcoinica. So he has bitcoinica. Roger does bitcoinica, bitcoin stuck in Malcox. Right. I think 500 plus bitcoin. So you assume that that's also 500 plus bch.
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. It would just be interesting to ask him because obviously he's been more aligned with bitcoin cash, but I value of that hasn't been good. So one other thing that is kind of curious because it's happening around the same time, is so we'll have these bitcoins that people will be receiving. Potentially that will cause a little bit of a sell off. But then at the same time we've got the ether ETF's that are going to be launching. So let's just focus on the ether ETF's. Then we'll circle back to see how that could impact the bitcoin price. But what do you expect to see in terms of inflows with the ether ETF's?
Speaker A: Yeah, I think a lot of people are pessimistic relative to the bitcoin ETF inflows. You see that, right? That's all over Twitter. Many analysts have put out stuff. I think it's possible that they could perform better than expected in relation to inflows. And the reason I'll say this is because when we did our bitcoin prediction for the inflows, we said 14.5 billion in year one takes us to about 75k. Now, that did happen for a whole year. Our inflows prediction will end up being well below. Right. Because we got to 14.5 in five months. We got to 15 in five months. Right. But it did take us to that price. So we were pretty good on the bitcoin one. I think the question now is where we weren't good is that entire methodology that we did was basically saying that would be driven by financial advisors, because they were the cohort that doesn't have, like, easy access to put either themselves or their end clients into bitcoin exposure. So, like, these products are particularly for them. Well, we got there without them, basically. They're not really here. Some are here, some independent raas. But none of the big platforms are offering the bitcoin ETF's on a solicited basis yet. Right. So thinking about that has me thinking, you know what, like, maybe our view, if you looked at the 13 f filings for the bitcoin ETF's, it was about 80% non filers, meaning nothing. Investment advisors or investment managers with 100 million or more in assets. So who bought the bitcoin ETF? We think a lot of retail people bought it at like, brokerage platforms like Fidelity or Schwab or TD or E, trade in their tax advantage accounts like iras or 401 ks through brokerage windows. There's a fairly large amount of money in those right. And there's millennials who both like crypto on a pretty high percentage basis, but have also been working for 15 years, 15 or 20 years even. Right. There's a fairly large amount of retail capital that I could see buying these, similarly to the way they drove a lot of the inflows into the bitcoin ETF. So now we came out, we said, what would it look like if the ETH ETF saw 30% of the bitcoin flows? That would be about 1 billion per month, 5 billion in net inflows in the first five months. Um, that does put us kind of on the high end of where people are estimating. You know, I don't have a ton of conviction. We're not saying, like, that's what we expect, but I think I'm really trying to learn the lesson of not kind of overthinking this. You know, I feel like it's kind of like a mid curve, left curve right curve meme where it's like there's tons of reasons why these are launching into a different market than the bitcoin ones did. They don't have staking, which is irrelevant to bitcoin, but is a material like dilution. If you hold ETh in size without staking. Right. There's a whole bunch of reasons why it might not be good. We agree with those, like, um, and. And we published this report. We lay those out. But on the other hand, it's kind of like, well, you know, there's a. That. That 30% is derived from the ratio of a variety of bitcoin exposure products to similar ETH exposure products. So, like, open interest on CME futures for bitcoin versus ETH, right. The BTC to ETH ratio is 2.92. Right. So there's 8.5 x more CME futures bitcoin than ETH. But also keep in mind that AP's use in the bitcoin ETF's use the CME futures to hedge and stuff. But if you look at open interest across all exchanges, it's only two x bigger on bitcoin. If you look at 30 day volume, it's only four x bigger on bitcoin. Right. If we look at the trusts, like, you know, GBDC or ETh e pre approval, GBDC was only 2.5 x bigger. Right. So we're kind of using this as sort of our guidepost for what the flows might be, and knowing that that still puts us high. Like, we see the pessimism. Right. There's not. This was a quick pivot or something, it seems like, from the SEC. So there hasn't been marketing done. We didn't even. We wrote this report for the bitcoin ETF's three and a half months before they launched. We only just released the report today for ETH. Right. We didn't. We didn't think it was going to happen. It's not a three or four month drumbeat of positive news with like, bitcoin was. Right. No staking. Like I said, it's the summer. It's a low volume trading time in general. Plenty of reasons why they might not see a proportionate amount of investment. But our idea is, what if they do?
Speaker B: Well, one question for the numbers that you cited, does that include potential outflows from Ethek? Grayscale, Ethereum trust.
Speaker A: Yeah. So the 5 billion in the first five months is net inflow. So we do, yes. We have an estimate of ETh coming out. You know, let me see where I can find this on the thing. But yes, it includes those. It's inclusive of those. We're saying 1 billion theoretically per month of net inflows. And that's when we say net, we're effectively saying net of ETh. Right. It will be a drag. There's no doubt.
Speaker B: Yeah. Unless they do something with their fees that.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's the other thing we don't have. That's a great point. We don't have that much clarity on fees. So you're totally right. I mean, it's hard. That's hard to know. We haven't really gotten. Even when Michael Sonnenshein was still at Grayscale, which he's nothing, he was pretty coy with, they said we might change our GBTC fees at some point. Right. And some people look at this, the fact that they kept them at 1.5% for GBDC after it converted to an ETP, and say, like, what a huge mistake, they saw half their Aum outflow. Well, bitcoin also like doubled or so during that time. So actually, in their dollar fee revenue, I think they stayed the same. Right. So I don't know what the strategy is. I agree. They also, I think, have an application for what's called like a mini ETF, which is just like another ETH ETF that would have a lower fee. I don't know. But that isn't in this batch, I think, to be approved. So I'm not sure. But you're right, the fee will be a big determinant on the outflows.
Speaker B: Yeah, I saw a theory on Twitter, I don't remember who said this, but they suggested that maybe if Grayscale wanted to stem the outflows, then they could offer to do a fee waiver for some period and wait until their mini ETF launched.
Speaker A: They could. I mean, a lot of the others, I think they're like, they're like the only bitcoin ETF that didn't do a fee waiver. Basically, everybody did like a six month zero fee. Pretty much. I don't know if literally everybody. Right, so you're right. They could do that.
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. Okay, well, so now let's circle back to the Mount Gox thing. So when you look at potential interest and ether ETF's and we're seeing like a little bit of maybe selling from the Mount Gox repayments, like then I, when you put those two together, what do you think might happen to the price of bitcoin?
Speaker A: And also you have the german government selling some bitcoin. The us government was selling some bitcoin too. And yeah, I mean, very hard to predict, I would say just generally, other than this Ethereum ETF, which I think could either be really good or actually kind of damaging to near term Eth USD price, depending on how good or bad the net demand is. Right. I think it's basically that in the election that I'm looking at as the major catalyst for crypto and not much else at the moment, you could have some geopolitics or macro stuff that in particular impacts bitcoin, positive or negative, like rate cut or a new nation state has bad inflation or decides to adopt crypto. I mean, there's stuff like that. But in general, I would say very tough to take a strong directional view for me on this market between now and November. So a lot could change for the positive or stay the same, particularly on the regulatory side, depending on the outcomes of the elections. Again, almost not. It may not even matter who wins. I think there could be changes regardless, for all we know. Hard to see past that for me. And so I don't think the gawk selling really can be that much. I mean, this is a pretty big market in bitcoin in general, I'm saying even. Yeah, if all hundred. I mean, the problem is, I think people really weren't aware that it's not literally 142,000 bitcoin about to be sold. All the headlines are like, gox set to distribute 9,000,000,142k BTC. Right. Um, it. I just think there's some more nuance to that and it could be as small as 5000 bitcoin, 10,000 bitcoin that's ultimately sold or sold immediately. Um, and so. And then ether. Yeah, I mean, this is. I don't know, it's tricky. I mean, you could. It would be reasonable to say that ETH BTC ratio should tilt further in favor of ETH now, which maybe it has bottomed from a month or two ago when it was like, well below 0.05, because if the ETF see proportionate demand to the bitcoin ones, like I said, but also bitcoin has sort of idiosyncratic, unique sell pressure, you could see that ratio tilt back in east favor a bit. It's possible.
Speaker B: All right, so last quick question. The day that we're recording, news broke that Vaneck had applied for a spot Sol ETF, Solana ETF. Obviously, you know, Galaxy is an issuer of a spot bitcoin ETF and will soon be an issuer for a spot ether ETF. So I don't know what your thoughts are on the prospects for that.
Speaker A: I mean, I think we very clearly have said on Galaxy research that we do view Solana as the third chain. So it doesn't surprise me that there could be demand for this product. And the bitcoin ETF's have garnered significant assets and interest so similar. I mean, whether or not the ETH ones are great right out the gate or not, I think over time, the ethereum ETF's will also be pretty widely held. So I can see why you think maybe Solana might be the next one to do if you're Vanek or anyone else, right? You know, I think to their credit, Vayneck, they've also been very frequently, like the first to file these things. So maybe they're reading the tea leaves thinking that the. Maybe the regulatory wins could change in their favor and then they'll have the first one that's pending to be reviewed and or approved or denied at the sort of underlying core question. And I think the reason why people are wondering, right, the SEC is specifically currently alleging that Solana itself is an unregistered security in their case against Coinbase. So given that, it seems difficult to understand or believe that the SEC would approve a commodity based trust, which is what these ETF's are of, that holds something that they are alleging in court currently is an unregistered security. And then the other sort of big point, which Vanex head of research addressed on Twitter directly, but I'm not sure is really apt or applicable for debate is the question. Right. The pathway has been, first you get Spotfeed, you get futures. Then maybe you get a futures ETF. Then actually you get ETF's in Canada both. And then you get spot ETF's in the US, literally. Both bitcoin and ETH will have gone through that exact thing. Now, to be fair, that is arbitrary. It's not exactly clear that that's how it has to be done, but that's how this SEC has ultimately handled these two. Solana doesn't have listed futures on a us exchange. There's no Solana futures ETF. There's no Canadian Solana publicly traded spot Solana ETF. So this would be different precedent. And the question, the reason this, I don't, again, I don't know that this should be the pathway. It's just kind of what the SEC made the pathway because they said that there needs to be a regulated market of sufficient size with surveillance sharing agreements, and there's a whole dispute about whether that had to be. Did that mean that every crypto exchange, like spot crypto exchange, had to have a surveillance agreement with each other or eventually, one of the main things the DC Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in the grayscale case was that, no, the CME futures are a sufficiently large and regulated market, and the surveillance there, because of the correlation between the spot prices and the futures prices on CME surveilling, that was sufficient. Right. That that's effectively what tied the SEC's hands, because that was pretty much the only argument they'd made in all the prior denials as to why they were denying. Right. So it just is. So it just so happens that the precedent we do have does basically require that. Now, Vanek is saying on Twitter that there isn't a need for that. You could put a surveillance sharing agreement on Coinbase and call that sufficient size and move forward. That's true, but there's no precedent for that, whereas there's plenty of precedent for this other thing. So I would say, absent a change in SEC posture or perhaps even leadership, this is very unlikely to be approved.
Speaker B: Yeah. Googled 240 days from today, and it turns out it's February 22, 2025, which is roughly a month after the inauguration. So potentially, yeah, it's maybe them thinking that we'll see a new president and maybe a new head of the SEC by then.
Speaker A: So, yeah, not a bad bet, though. And also, I don't think they really, to be clear, I don't think you, like, lose that much or anything by filing, right I mean, that's why I sort of say all power to them. They've been pretty aggressive with being one of the first to file on several of these. So, you know, you know, I'm for it. I think one of the main things we need, by the way, whether it's from the regulators or a new legislation, the Fit 21 act, other stuff addresses this is clear delineation between what is a digital commodity and what is a digital security. If you got that, maybe this would be resolve this question.
Speaker B: Yes, a sentiment heard throughout the industry for quite a while. All right, Alex, well, this has been amazing. Thank you so much for coming on and change.
Speaker A: Yep. Thank you, Laura.
Speaker B: Don't forget, next up is the weekly news recap today presented by Wondercraft AI. Stick around for this week in crypto after this short break. Did you know Unchained is much more than a podcast? Last year, we unveiled a completely redesigned website enriching your experience with the latest news, insightful analysis, compelling op eds, and comprehensive learning articles and guides for beginners. Explore all this and more@unchainedcrypto.com. dot did you know you can buy and sell crypto with tax benefits in an individual retirement account or IRA? Itrust capital makes this possible, but what does this mean? When you buy crypto outside an IRA, like on an exchange, you face taxes on gains, but in a Roth IRA, gains would be tax free. ItrustCapital also has the lowest fees in the industry and 24/7 accessibility. Start now and maximize your retirement savings with itrust capital.
Speaker C: Welcome to this week's Crypto roundup. In today's recap, we cover Vaneck's new Solana ETF filing and its fee waiver for the Ethereum ETF Coinbases, lawsuits against the SEC and FDIC, and the latest updates on FTX's reorganization plan. We'll also discuss Julian Assange's release funded by crypto donations, Blast's major airdrop, and the new tools unveiled by the Solana foundation. Additionally, we'll touch on the increased bounty for the crypto queen Ruja Ignatova and Ripple CEO Brad Garlinghouse's criticism of SEC chair Gary Gensler. Thanks for tuning in to the weekly news recap. Let's begin. Vanek files for Solana ETF declaring sole a commodity investment manager Vanek filed for a spot Solana exchange traded fund in the US. This follows the SEC's approval of spot ETF's for bitcoin and ethereum. If approved, I Vaneck's proposed Solana Trust would be listed on the Cboe BZX exchange and would value its shares based on the market vector Solana benchmark rate. Matthew Siegel, head of digital assets research at Vaneck, announced the filing on Thursday, claiming that Saal functions similarly to bitcoin and Ethereum, thus categorizing it as a commodity. This contrasts with the SEC's stance, which has previously classified Saul as a security and enforcement actions. Vaneck waives fees on Ethereum ETF as SEC approval nears Vanek didn't stop with Solana this week. The investment firm also plans to waive fees on its proposed spot Ethereum ETF until 2025 or until the fund's assets under management reach $1.5 billion. Vanek Siegel said the strategy aims to establish the firm as a leader in crypto ETF fees and drive investor interest into Ethereum. He highlighted the potential for increased decentralized finance activity to boost ether prices, which will also benefit Vanex holdings. The SEC could approve several spot ether ETF's, including Vanex, as soon as July 4, according to readers. Discussions are in their final stages, with only minor issues left to resolve. Meanwhile, Ethereum entered its longest inflationary period since the merge, with its circulating supply increasing steadily for over 70 days. Coinbase sues the SEC and FDIC for regulatory information on Thursday, Coinbase, the largest us crypto exchange, filed lawsuits against the securities and Exchange Commission and the FDIC for failing to comply with Freedom of Information act requests. These lawsuits, filed in Washington, DC, seek to obtain documents about the agency's approaches to crypto regulation. Coinbase alleges that regulators, including the SEC and FDIC, have deliberately pressured banks to deny crypto firms access to the federal banking system. The lawsuits aim to reveal the SEC's internal stance on Ethereum and the FDIC's pause letters, which instructed banks to halt crypto related activities. Coinbases actions reflect growing tensions between the crypto industry and federal regulators over the transparency and fairness of regulatory practices. FTX to poll creditors on reorganization plan amid bankruptcy proceedings FTX bankruptcy advisors will begin soliciting creditors for feedback on the crypto exchanges chapter eleven reorganization plan during a bankruptcy hearing on Tuesday, where lawyers for both FTX and its creditors debated a disclosure statement. Judge John Dorsey gave FTX's advisors the green light to solicit creditors to vote on the plan, despite some creditors opposing it and demanding payouts in cryptocurrencies rather than the dollar value as proposed. Creditors have until August 16 to vote on the plan. Andrew Diederich, who represents FTX, highlighted the lack of major objections at the hearing, calling the plan largely consensual. Conversely, David Adler, who represents three creditors, criticized the disclosure statement as woefully inadequate and raised concerns about significant tax implications if payouts are made in cash instead of crypto. Judge Dorsey is set to make his decision on whether to approve the plan on October 7. Blast's airdrop goes live, drawing attention to Linia and scroll Blast, an Ethereum layer two scaling network, distributed 17 billion blast tokens in its eagerly awaited airdrop. The distribution began on Wednesday, with over 35% of the tokens claimed within hours, according to Parsec Finance's blockchain explorer. This airdrop comes as Blast hit an all time high in daily transactions and active addresses. In a notable allocation, Blast also provided 3 billion blast tokens to the Blur foundation, enhancing their governance participation. Both protocols were founded by Titian Roquer, also known as Pac man. As of now, blast is trading at 2.4 cents, valuing the airdrop at approximately $400 million. With the blast airdrop underway, attention is shifting to other Ethereum layer two networks such as Linia and Scroll. Both networks have seen increased activity and total value locked as users anticipate potential future airdrops. Linea has grown by 15% in ether deposits over the past month, while Scrolls TVL has surged by 40%, indicating strong interest in these platforms. Julian Assange's released travel costs were funded by crypto donations Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, has agreed to plead guilty to a charge of illegally obtaining and disclosing national security material, resulting in his release from a british prison. This plea deal, expected to end his long standing legal battle with the US, involves Assange serving a sentence equivalent to his time already spent in detention. Assange's release travel expenses were nearly covered by a significant bitcoin donation, and 8.07 BTC, or $496,000 contribution, quickly met most of the $520,000 needed for his charter flight to Australia. Additional funds were raised through various cryptocurrencies and fiat donations. The free Assange campaign stated, Julian's health is in dire need of recovery. We are launching an emergency appeal to seek donations to help him cover the flight debt and ensure his recovery and well being upon his arrival. Every contribution counts. Solana foundation unveils blinks the Solana foundation introduced innovative tools that can turn any website or app into a gateway for crypto transactions. The first tool, named actions, enables users to perform on chain transactions directly from websites, social media platforms and even QR codes. Another tool blinks, short for blockchain links, converts these actions into shareable links, making any URL a starting point for transactions on the Solana blockchain. These tools aim to enhance mainstream adoption by integrating blockchain functionality into everyday digital platforms. Initial testing and utilization will involve teams such as cubic tensor, Jupiter, Helios, and several others. Despite potential risks of malicious links, the Solana foundation assures users that only trusted partner domains are whitelisted, adding an extra layer of security to these new tools. FBI increases bounty for crypto queen Ruja Ignatova to 5 million the US Department of State has raised the reward for information leading to the capture of Ruja Ignatova, also known as the crypto queen, to $5 million. Ignatova, who vanished in 2017, was the mastermind behind Onecoin, a fraudulent cryptocurrency scheme that defrauded investors of over $4 billion. Despite reports of her alleged murder, the FBI remains committed to finding her. Onecoin, launched in 2014, was marketed as a revolutionary cryptocurrency, but was actually a Ponzi scheme. Ignatova disappeared after a us warrant was issued for her arrest. The FBI suggests she may have altered her appearance or started using a false passport. Meanwhile, other Onecoin associates have faced justice. Co founder Carl Sebastian Greenwood received a 20 year sentence, and legal chief Irina Dilkinska was sentenced to four years. The increased bounty aims to bring ignatova to justice and provide closure to the victims of Onecoin's fraudulent activities. Ripple CEO criticizes SEC chair predicts political impact Ripple CEO Brad Garlinghouse claimed that SEC chair Gary Genslere will cause President Joe Biden to lose the upcoming election. Garlinghouse's comments followed Gensler's remarks at the Bloomberg Invest summit, where Gensler highlighted significant noncompliance occurring in the crypto industry and the legal troubles of several prominent figures. Garlinghouse, responding on X, criticized Gensler for his stance and handling of past incidents such as the FTX collapse. He argued that Gensler's actions are detrimental to both the crypto industry and the Biden administration's political prospects. On this week's Tuesday episode of Unchained, Crypto, lawyer Sam Enzer called Gensler one of the most controversial chairs in recent history, citing multiple missteps, including the SEC's misrepresentations to a judge in the detbox case and Gensler's evasive responses to Congress about investigating ether. Enzer questioned the Democrats commitment to being pro crypto and pro innovation while keeping Gensler in his position and that's all. Thanks so much for joining us today. If you enjoyed this recap, go to unchainedcrypto substack.com, that is, unchainedcrypto dot Substack.com and sign up for our free newsletter so that you can stay up to date with the latest in crypto. Unchained is produced by Laura Shin with help from Matt Pilchard, Juana Ranovich, Megan Gavis, Pam Majumdar, and Margaret Correa. The weekly recap was written by Juan Aranovich and edited by Kari McMahon. Thanks for listening.
Speaker B: Unchained is now a part of the Coindesk podcast Network. For the latest in digital assets, check out markets daily five days a week with host Noel Atreson. Follow the Coindesk podcast Network for some of the best shows in crypto.
