Speaker A: One of the superpowers of rollups is that you can customize the execution environment, whereas in a monolithic world, let's say I have some eIp that I've been trying to push for the Ethereum l one to adopt for the longest time, and it's going to add some functionality to the EVM that's going to enable my application in a monolithic chain. I have to wait and lobby, and it's a political battle and it's extremely slow in the roll up world. There is none of that.
Speaker B: Hi everyone, welcome to Unchained, your no hype resource for all things crypto. I'm your host, Laura Shin, author of the Cryptopians. I started covering crypto eight years ago and as a senior editor at Forbes, was the first mainstream reader partner to cover cryptocurrency full time. This is the February 20, 2024 episode of Unchained.
Speaker C: Polkadot is a leading layer zero blockchain with over 2000 developers, and the Polkadot 2.0 upgrade will be a massive accelerator for the ecosystem, making it faster, more secure and adaptable. Perfect for gamefi and defi to build, grow and scale. Join the community@polkadot.net work ecosystem community streamline.
Speaker B: Your defi with Vaultcraft, the ultimate on chain toolkit for deploying custom automated Defi products on any EVM chain. Join Vaultcraft's referral program, unite with the community and supercharge your crypto details on VLcraft IO. Hey unchained listeners, as you know, its hard keeping up with a fast paced.
Speaker C: World of crypto, so weve got just.
Speaker B: The thing for you. Subscribe to our free unchained daily newsletter at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. youll get the latest crypto news and original articles from our reporters, as well as summaries of other happenings and bullet points. Plus our meme of the day, all curated and written by our amazing team. Its still your no hype resource for.
Speaker C: All things crypto, just in newsletter form. Sign up at unchainedcrypto dot substack.com. again, the URL is unchainedcrypto dot substack.com dot. This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling wherever you sell. With Shopify, youll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps and powerful analytics used by the worlds leading brands. Sign up today for your $1 per month trial period@shopify.com. tech, all lowercase. That's Shopify.com tech.
Speaker B: Today's topic is Celestia and modular blockchains. And here to discuss are Nick White and Mustafa al Basam. Welcome, Nick and Mustafa.
Speaker D: Hey, Laura. Good to be here.
Speaker B: So Celestia launched on Mainnet back in October. Too much fanfare, and it's known as a data availability layer, and it takes a modular approach to blockchains. We've covered this a little bit on the podcast before, not a ton. So, Mustafa, Celestia started with you with a project you were working on called Lazy Ledger. Tell us how you came up with this idea to create what is now finally morphed into Celestia.
Speaker D: Sure. This was when I was doing a PhD in blockchain scaling in 2016 to 2019. And I was just trying to think about a lot of different ways to scale blockchains, specifically layer one scaling. How do we scale the base layer of a blockchain? And one of the early research proposals I worked on was sharding. And this was back in the, about five years ago, the Ethereum 2.0 roadmap kind of revolved around sharding, and it was like, you have 1024 shards. And it was very complicated. And as part of that, I created with my co authors, one of the first papers on how to do sharding called chainspace. And that was later spun out into a project that was acqui hired by Facebook, but I didn't join Facebook, and instead I kind of focused more on my PhD. And I started thinking about, well, like, how can we fundamentally scale the base layer? And I started thinking about, like, trying to unpick the components of the blockchain and trying to think from really from first principles and trying to unlearn everything I learned and to, let's say, if we, if we created a blockchain from scratch, I fundamentally, what is a blockchain and what is the simplest blockchain we can create? And that's where lazy ledger kind of started out. It's the answer to the idea is like, what is the simplest blockchain you can make that is useful for developers, that is as minimal as possible and still make it useful to deploy applications, applications on top of that. And that's kind of where you started. And it's basically just a blockchain that only does consensus and data availability. It does not have smart contracts, it does not have execution or anything fancy. It's just a very simple blockchain where developers can post data onto it. And it turns out that is fundamentally, what blockchain does. And it's an extremely useful primitive to people building things like roll ups. And that makes it extremely useful to scale roll ups of layer two technologies.
Speaker B: And when you were trying to do that, were there particular problems you were seeing in the blockchains at that time in 2019 that you felt like this vision could kind of solve for?
Speaker D: Yeah, so this was back in the day, before roll ups even existed. And when I was focusing on sharding, the missing piece of the puzzle to sharding was this problem called the data availability problem. And it's the same problem that rollups have today. But the idea is that how can, if you have like a thousand shards, which the Ethereum roadmap had before, how can each shard make sure that each other shard is being honest? And to do that, for each shard, to make sure each other shard is being honest, it needs to make sure that all the data behind each shard was made available and published the Internet. And so this was like a really hard problem at the time. How can we make sure that all the data on a chain was actually published without actually having download all that data yourself? And that's where this idea of data availability proofs and data availability sampling came from. And that was kind of like the missing piece of the puzzle at the time to the Ethereum 2.0 roadmap. But once that puzzle was kind of figured out, I kind of realized, well, this is actually, this final piece of the puzzle is actually the core component of what a blockchain really does. A blockchain is fundamentally just a data publication layer. It's a data availability engine. And lazy Ledger was the idea to just do only that and scale that extremely well. And it turns out that if you just do that and scale that extremely well, you can build any kind of application on top of it using rollups or layer two s, because rollups are basically, just basically blockchains in themselves that use another blockchain for data availability.
Speaker B: Yeah. What this ends up doing is take this original vision of a blockchain where all the different functions all happen on one layer and separate it out into pieces. So this is how we have this idea now of modular blockchains. So, Nick, can you just talk a little bit about that vision for modular blockchains? Like, what parts end up being modular and what are the different parts of a modular stack?
Speaker A: Sure. So as Mustafa started to explain the original vision for blockchain, starting from bitcoin and ethereum and even Solana, most of the layer one chains that people know of today. We followed a monolithic design, meaning that they do all of the core functions of a blockchain within one protocol. But then, as Mustafa started to think about things more fundamentally, and from first principles, distilling down those functions, he realized that there's no reason why they all need to be coupled together. And in fact, you get these superpowers when you start to decouple them and do them as separate protocols. And so the three main functions are consensus, which is the ordering of data. So if we're all on a sharing of blockchain, we need to know and agree on what is the order of events or the order of transactions. If the order is mixed up, then we're not seeing the same things. The second thing is data availability, which is a confusing term, but it's data publication. Essentially, it's about being able to prove to someone else that the data behind those transactions has been released and is public information that anyone can download and see. So data availability kind of provides this ability to audit the chain and see what's actually happening. And then the last one is the one that people are probably the most familiar with, which is execution. And execution is essentially where smart contracts and all the business logic and the applications for these blockchains lives. And that's where the transactions actually get interpreted and then verified into some output state. And so those are the three main layers. Celestia focuses on consensus and data availability. And then you have roll ups and layer two technologies that focus on the execution part. Those two things are the perfect complements of each other. Celestia focuses on scaling the base layer of just consensus and data availability. By focusing only on data availability and consensus, it can be way more scalable than a standard monolithic l one that has to do everything all wrapped up into one package. And also likewise for these execution layers, these roll ups and l two s, they just focus on that one thing and they can be really, really scalable and also be more customizable. So one of the advantages of modular blockchains, aside from what I just mentioned, is that you open up the stack for more innovation from the developers. So rather than being locked into the EVM or the SVM or any particular execution environment, with a built in execution layer in a monolithic chain, in a modular chain like Celestia, it's totally expressive and flexible, because the developer can choose to run EVM or Solana VM or Cosmos SDK or WASM, anything that they, any kind of execution environment that is best for their application, and they can even customize it and build something that no one's thought of before. So modular blockchains really are a step function change in the history of blockchain architecture.
Speaker B: Something that's so interesting to me is so we're coming from this world where pretty much most things have been monolithic, or at least started that way, even if some of them are morphing into something else. And yet here you guys are, you're kind of fully on board with this modular vision. And I've even heard you say, Nick, that you believe in a world of 10,000 or more roll ups. So why is that? Why do you think that makes so much sense? Or why do you think that's the future when, you know, so far, we mostly, what we've had is like something different?
Speaker D: Yeah. So, I mean, I think the 10,000 roll up endgame is very interesting because it's very controversial to many people. In some way, it's kind of like the opposite of Solana's endgame, where you only have like, one single chain. But I think the way that I see it is kind of very similar to the evolution of web two. Like, if you look at the history of web two, and I'm not saying that analogy by reasoning is good, but I think it's kind of like an interesting piece of history. Like when Web two, when the web was first created, the only way to create a website is if you had a physical server somewhere, like in your university, own a data center, you need to own a physical machine. And that was kind of like similar to the bitcoin days, where if you create a new blockchain, or to create a new decentralized application, you own blockchain, but you had bitcoin was just only for one application, and then you had namecoin, litecoin, dogecoin. It was like a different blockchain for each application. But then Ethereum came around, and Ethereum kind of revolutionized it. Because Ethereum, the idea of Ethereum was instead of having a different blockchain for every single application, let's create a general purpose blockchain with a general purpose smart contract environment. And the web two analogy to that is kind of very similar to shared web hosting providers. Like back in the day before you had AWS or Digitalocean. You could go on like a service provider, like geocities or Dreamhost or Bluehost, and you could upload the code for your site to those services, and your website would share the same server as many other websites. But the limitations of that is that you had to create your website in whatever programming language that server supported, which was like at the time PHP or perlite. And that's very similar to Ethereum. And also you have to share resources with this other website that's very similar to the idea of Ethereum or the world computer model. You have to create your smart contract in the Ethereum virtual machine and then upload your smart contract to this world computer and you're sharing the same smart contract as everyone else. But maybe not every single use case needs to share the same execution environment or the same computer as every other decentralized application. And that's what we're seeing recently with a proliferation of people creating their own custom roll up chains and blockchains. And this was the original vision of Cosmos. It's like scaling. Anyone can create their own Cosmos chain and every application has its own chain. But again, the problem with that is that there's a lot of overhead to creating your own blockchain. So the idea is that if you look at the web three, web two analogy, you had the cloud, the creation of virtual machines and the cloud was a big moment that revolutionized Web two, because for the first time in history, any developer within seconds could have access to their own virtual machine that had the same advantage, that give you the same advantages as having your own physical hardware, but without disadvantages of having to maintain and own that physical hardware. Because developers had access to their own execution environment, they could install whatever software they wanted and they could customize it however they wanted. And people were able to play around with new programming languages like Golang, Rust and so on and so forth. That might not have been as easily possible before if people were limited to the same shared hosting environments. And that's very similar to what we're seeing with roll up technology, because roll ups, what they fundamentally allow you to do, they allow you to create your own blockchain, but without the overhead of having to maintain your own proof of stake network. So like right now, today you can go, there's roll up as a service providers like conduit and Caldera and Dimension, you could go on these providers today, fill out a form and within seconds you can have your own roll up chain deployed immediately. And that's kind of extremely powerful because that allows developers to have the, it's the same importance as when the cloud came to web two. It allows developers to have their own fully customized chain and they're no longer limited to the same limitations as they were limited before as EVM was. So for example, you've got gaming providers that have created, there's a project that has managed to embed entire game engines in the EVM by modifying the EVM. So there's just things that you fundamentally can't economically do on chain as easy as you can do with your own custom EVM execution environment. And a lot of advantage is that it's inherently scaling, because not every application needs to share the same gas resources as every other application. If you're running your own roller, you have your own execution, you're not sharing execution resources with everyone else. If one application gets very busy, that doesn't necessarily need to affect other applications.
Speaker B: Oh wow. Yeah. Just if I think back to 2017 2018, then it's very obvious that this has advantages. Or even later on with the whole. So 2017 2018, I was thinking about the icos, how they just kind of pushed out every other use case during those periods and then I guess would be same for during the NFT periods where everyone was trying to mint at the same time. So are there specific applications that you feel work better on a modular blockchain or even that are possible with a modular blockchain? That wouldn't be when they're having to share those kinds of resources, share the execution environment with other applications?
Speaker D: Yeah. So I think the obvious ones are gaming and NFT chains. Cause I mean, one of the common criticisms of this 10,000 roll up architecture is that composability becomes harder because you need to keep doing these cross chain transactions. That is a problem, but it's a problem that's being solved and it's not an inherent problem. But there's many applications that don't need as much composability, especially like gaming chains or NFT chains. There's absolutely no reason why those applications need to be on the same chain or execution environment as, you know, as some high volume decentralized exchange. But that being said, we do also have DeFi projects on Celestia, notably projects like Evo. I think something like 70% of all DeFi options trading volume is secured by Celestia as a data availability layer. And the reason for that is because it's just simply way cheaper than doing it on chain. As the cross chain kind of like interoperability issues and the UX becomes cleaner, I think people will realize it's just better to do those things in roll ups rather than doing it on chain.
Speaker A: I'll also add a few examples too. I think one of the superpowers of rollups is that you can customize the execution environment, whereas in a monolithic world, let's say I have some eip that I've been trying to push for the Ethereum l one to adopt for the longest time, and it's going to add some functionality to the EVM that's going to enable my application in a monolithic chain. I have to wait and lobby and it's a political battle. It's extremely slow in the roll up world. There is none of that. You can take the EVM fork, it add in custom opcodes or functionality and then just launch it as a roll up and you have that functionality of the box. A couple examples that are really powerful are Manta has built a EVM chain that has custom opcodes for verifying ZK circuits, and that makes it really cheap for them to do things that have privacy or native randomness in the protocol that's really powerful for various games or applications, like they have an application on ZK Holdem, which is sort of like an on chain poker game. Or other uses are things like adding native account abstraction kinds of things, or new cryptographic curves that allow you to use the built in enclave in your mobile phone as your wallet. And so these are the kind of things that like you can't do on a monolithic chain like Ethereum because you don't have control to that level of the stack. So there's a lot of applications like that where developers are exploring new sort of the frontier of what's possible because modular enables that.
Speaker B: All right, so now let's talk about Celestia and how it fits into a modular blockchain. Why don't you describe what Celestia is?
Speaker D: Celestia is what we describe as a pluggable consensus and data availability layer, which means that it's basically like a very simple blockchain. All it does is it allows developers to push blobs of data to it. That's basically the only use case you can do it. You just get arbitrary data and post it to Celestia. And Celestia's job is to make sure that data is ordered in relation to other data. So you can say, ok, this data came before that data, and to make sure that data is actually verifiably published to the entire Internet. So there's no missing data. So that's basically all it does. And it tries to scale that extremely well using a technology called data availability sampling. And the basic idea is that the way that the blocks are constructed allows light nodes, or nodes without a lot of resources to gain the very high assurance guarantee that that data was actually published without needing to download all that data. And the way that works is the nodes can download small, random pieces of that block, and if you download enough random pieces, they can have a very high confidence that all the data was published.
Speaker A: So an analogy to explain this is to maybe think of Celestia like a newspaper publisher, sort of. So the blocks are sort of like a new daily publication of the newspaper. If you're a subscriber, you receive the newspaper, and you can read the headlines and see that the data is in there, but you don't have to read the whole thing to know that it's all been published. So it's not about, it's not about storing data. Storing data would be more like a library, because a lot of people think that data availability is just data storage, like Filecoin or arweave, but it's actually like publication. So it's about roll up. Developer comes with a blob, which would be like an article. They would pay the newspaper, say, hey, publish my blob in today's date of the newspaper. And then that would be included and packaged all up and then distributed to everyone who's running a node in the network, and they'd all be able to really efficiently verify it, so they don't have to read everything themselves, but they can still know that it was published to everyone else.
Speaker D: Yeah, and it's worth noting that publication is effectively, as I mentioned, the core thing that a blockchain does. Fundamentally, a blockchain is just a proof of publication mechanism to publish arbitrary data. And once you have that, you can build anything on top of that as layer two or as a roll up. So developers, as Nick said, you can define their own execution environments or computation environments, whether that's custom, EVM, or anything else, by using celestia as the underlying consensus and data availability layer.
Speaker B: When you talk about how it's just publishing but not storing, essentially it makes the data available for some time period when it's necessary, and then after that, then I guess it's stored elsewhere or something, or I guess, is it that it's no longer available after finality on the execution layer or something like that. How long is it available?
Speaker D: So, currently we have a CIP that proposes that it's guaranteed to be available for 30 days, which is similar to EIP 4844 and Ethereum in that proposal is 21 days. But it's not as if the data disappears after 30 days. It's more that it's pruned, but you'll still be able to download the data from kind of like archival nodes that store longer term data. So it's very likely, it's almost certain that you'll still be able to download that data, that historical data. It's just that there's no kind of like in practical guarantee that it will be downloadable. Or like if you need higher assurance guarantees that you can download it in a certain amount of time, then you probably want to do some kind of like off chain storage solution. So for example, you've got systems like Filecoin or arweave that solve this problem or that kind of like incentivize storage. But we provide a different celestial, provides a different goal in storage. As Nick said, it provides publication, which is fundamentally a different thing.
Speaker A: So yeah, again, one way to think about this is like a newspaper publisher doesn't keep the newspaper around indefinitely. They publish it, they let people take it and read it and all that, but then they're not expected, like, oh, if you ask the newspaper, hey, can you give me the newspaper? That was ten years, that happened ten years ago. They're not going to have it on hand. However, there are other services like libraries that actually do store every single newspaper. And you can think of those libraries as more of the storage, like the data storage protocols like Arweave or Filecoin. And storage, like data availability, is something that is critical to the safety of blockchains, it's critical to the security, whereas the storage, and it has much tougher trust assumptions that you have to tackle, whereas data storage is just, you need one honest party to store the data and it's not as important for safety. It's more about the ability for liveness, the ability to regenerate the state of the chain. So they're very different things. But the problem is that data availability sounds a lot like data storage.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. When I was first learning this concept, like, didn't fully understand in the beginning, so we talked, you guys referenced the term data availability sampling, so talk a little bit about how that works, what it is exactly, and how you make that secure.
Speaker A: Well, Mustafa co invented it, so I'll let him take this one.
Speaker D: Yeah. The general idea is that the goal is how can I make sure that some block or some piece of data was published to the Internet without me having to download that entire block or data? Because it almost sounds impossible, right? How can I, if I have this data, if I have the hash of the data, how can I know that this data was published? And data availability sampling seeks to solve that problem? The way it works, it uses this kind of like this mathematical primitive called erasure coding. And erasure coding is a mathematical primitive used in a lot of older technologies like CD roms and satellite communications. If you can think of a CD ROM, if you scratch a CD ROM, and maybe this is more for the older audience, if you remember this. But if you scratch a CD ROM, your computer can still read the data on the CD ROM. So how is that possible? That's possible because the data on that CD ROM is encoded using something called erasure coding. And the way that works is, let's say you have 1 data. For example, what you can do is you can apply eraser coding on data to effectively blow that 1 data up to two megabytes, such that if you take these two megabytes of data, and if any half of it is missing, you can reconstruct half of it from the other half. And that's including any half of the data. As long as you have half the chunks of the data, you can reconstruct the other half. So it's kind of like a way to extrapolate data or to recover data. It's kind of like a self healing file. Like if you damage that file, it can kind of like repair itself from the, from the remaining pieces of the data file. Almost like if you kind of like have a wound, your body repairs itself. So what that means is that if you apply that for a blockchain, if you apply a regular coding Onto a 1 mb block, for example, you now have a two megabyte block. But what that means is that means that you no longer need to make sure that 100% of the data is available. To make sure that it's all available. You only need to make sure that 50% of the data is available to know that it's all available. Because if you know that 50% of data is available, then you know that you can always reconstruct the other 50% from that 50% that you, that you know that you have now. So then that's a very kind of powerful piece of information that you can use to create a game where as a user, if I know that, I only need to make sure that, to make sure that the person who created that block, or the miner that created that block is being honest. If the binary is trying to hide a piece of data, they need to hide at least half that data. So all I need to do is make sure that half data is available. What I can do is I can download random pieces of that block. If I download one random piece of that block and the miner is being malicious, and I landed in the part of the block that's not available. I don't get a response. Then I know that block is not available. So then if I do one sample, there's a 50% chance that I know the block is available. Then you do two samples, it's 75%, three samples, 87.5%. Until you get to 16 samples and you have like a 99% guarantee. And after 70 samples, you have an extremely high guarantee. That's lower than the probability of a hardware failure. And that's effectively how it works.
Speaker A: Add a little more onto that. It's sort of one way to, one mental model to think about it that I find useful is like flipping a coin, where each time you sample the block, you download just a small tiny part of it and it lands heads, meaning the data is available. You get an increased confidence that the whole block is available. So if you flip heads 16 times in a row, it's like, okay, well, the statistical odds of me flipping heads every time is really low, so therefore all the data must be available. What's powerful about this is that it enables the underlying chain, an underlying chain that employs data availability sampling can scale with the number of people who are sampling. So the number of users running light nodes allows the block size to increase. And so unlike standardization blockchain, where there's a fixed block size database, sampling makes the block size elastic and able to grow with demand and usage. It's sort of like the broadband moment of web three, where all of a sudden we have a step change in the scaling properties of blockchains that will actually makes it feasible for us to scale to millions and hopefully in the future even billions of users, and still remain trust minimized because end users can run these sampling nodes on hardware like a smartphone that everyone has. So it makes the blockchain really scalable while still being verifiable.
Speaker B: Wow. And so right now, what would the size of the block be given the number of data samplers that you have?
Speaker A: Or.
Speaker B: I don't know if I phrased that correctly, but you understand what I'm asking.
Speaker D: Yeah. So right now, because we only launched Mainnet a few months ago, we've started with a relatively small block size, which is eight megabytes, which is still 20 times more than the ip, 0.44. But this is to allow an early network of light nodes to bootstrap itself. So in our incentivized testnet, there was 1000 light nodes and there's lots of people there's many people running light nodes on Mainnet, but it's still early stages because we need more metrics. We need kind of like systematic metrics for the community to know, okay, this is how many light nodes there are on the network. Therefore it's safe to increase the block size because the problem with light nodes is that they're not stable resistant. It's like anyone can run a light node. So you kind of need to have kind of good off chain metrics to kind of like analyze how many light nodes, how many real or how many total light nodes there are. And that's something that kind of the community is kind of building up.
Speaker B: So, I'm sorry, when you said 1000, that was in testnet. How many light nodes do you have now on Mainnet?
Speaker D: There isn't like a clear metrics on that because there needs to be a crawler to kind of map out the light node network to kind of count how many lighten those are.
Speaker B: Okay. And you're building that, or that's being built, or.
Speaker D: Yeah, that's being built by a team called Iger, which is kind of building a rust node for Celestia.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay. So I guess it's a mystery for now. So in a moment we'll talk a little bit more about the vision for Celestia. But first, a quick word from the sponsors who make this show possible.
Speaker C: Polkadot is the largest layer zero blockchain with over 2000 developers and the anticipated Polkadot 2.0 upgrade will be a massive accelerator for the ecosystem. Upgrading the infrastructure with eight times higher transaction throughput and twice as fast block times. Perfectly tailored core time for the needs of every protocol. Trustless bridges internally and into Ethereum, Cosmos, Nier and Binance smart chain revised tokenomics and the implementation of a token burn to reduce inflation. Perfect for Gamefi and Defi to build, grow and scale with one of the most active crypto communities in the space. Polkadot recently announced a partnership with mythical Games, bringing top games like NFT rivals with over 650,000 players and 43 million transactions to pave the way for Gamefi and the Polkadot ecosystem. Get your web three ideas to market fast with economics that work for you.
Speaker B: Think big, build bigger with Polkadot.
Speaker C: Join the community@polkadot.net work ecosystem community Defi.
Speaker B: Just got way easier with Vaultcraft, a blockchain infrastructure for building, deploying and monetizing non custodial yield strategies in a few clicks. Forget spending months of R and D capital and human resources when you can now instantly launch your crypto fund with Vaultcraft on any EVM chain, from wallets and institutional service providers to anandgens, Vaultcraft supercharges your crypto assets by enabling instantaneous cross chain yield strategies that you can deploy in 1 minute. Now anyone can supercharge their crypto portfolios with custom tailored defi strategies. Join Vaultcraft's referral program, unite with the community and supercharge your crypto details on Vaultcraft. IO back to my conversation with Nick and Mustafa. So we talked about modular blockchains. We talked about how this will allow many kind of more application specific chains and roll ups. We talked about how Celestia is providing this data availability layer. So now that this is launched, how do you think this will change the crypto space? Like what new kinds of applications will be enabled or what kinds of things will they be able to do? Now with celestia, we talked about a few of them.
Speaker A: I think the first category are applications that need a lot of block space and have a lot of really high throughput requirements. Some of the ones that Mustafa mentioned earlier are things like on chain defi applications, like some of these options exchanges. They have a lot of demand for block space, and only Celestia can provide that. Because we have database sampling, we have the ability to increase our block space with the amount of demand and users. Other things that fall into that category to me are things like on chain gaming, where there's just gonna be a huge, high volume of transactions and they're going to need a very cheap place to post that data. And related to that and building off of it are a lot of the, there's a huge demand in the Ethereum ecosystem to launch Ethereum L two s. And the issue is that Ethereum block space is quite limited because it is monolithic. And so there's a limited amount of sort of like data that you can post to Ethereum. And so it's quite expensive. So only the most well funded or most highly used eth L two s can afford to use ethereum as their data availability layers. Those things like optimism or arbitrum, for example. But all these other teams that want to deploy l two s in the ethereum ecosystem are priced out. And so Celestia has come in and provided a place for them to post data that is dramatically cheaper and makes their application actually feasible. Rather than having to pay literally millions of dollars in da fees, they can cut that by 99%. And all of a sudden the gas cost for users is now on par with chains like Solana. So we're making the Ethereum ecosystem competitive with a lot of these Alt L one s by providing this really cheap dA. And so we're seeing a lot of demand for roll ups to deploy on celestia while still settling to ethereum. So we're helping this sort of scale the ethereum l two ecosystem with this cheap modular DA.
Speaker B: And then part of this is something called blobstream and also something called blobspace. Could not really figure out what this was in my research beforehand. I mean, I have a definition written down, but if you could just explain how all that fits in, that would be helpful, not just for me, but for the listener.
Speaker D: Yeah, so I can take this one. So blockstream is effectively the way that Ethereum roll ups can use celestial for data availability. Effectively. It's like a one way bridge between Celestia to Ethereum, but it's not a bridge for relaying assets or transferring assets. It's a bridge for basically like transferring data commitments. So the way it works is that the celestial data commitment is relayed to ethereum every hour or so into a smart contract. And then that basically allows Ethereum roll ups to reference data on celestia using a proof that that data was included in that celestial data commitment. And so that basically allows people to build l two s and l three s on ethereum that use Celestia for data availability.
Speaker B: Okay. And so something else that was interesting to me is, I guess in the event of a fork, Celestia would actually make it easier for the two chains to fork. Can you explain how that works?
Speaker D: I think. Are you referring to the concept of sovereign roll ups?
Speaker B: I don't know. I was either listening to a podcast or I read something where it talked about how if this had been available at the time of the DAO or when bitcoin did its big fork, that it would have made these contentious, hard forks less contentious.
Speaker D: Yeah. So that goes into the topic of sovereign roll ups. So it's worth explaining. What is a sovereign roll up? So if you look at, like, traditional roll ups, when roll ups were kind of first popularized, roll ups were originally kind of proposed as a way to scale an l one. It's like roll ups being an l two to l one. But what I kind of realize is that it's possible to just have a roll up as an independent chain in its own right. Like a roll up does not have to be an l two. Like a roll up can be like an independent blockchain, like a layer one chain is, but it's not a layer two to any other chain, it's just like an independent chain on its own right. That happens to post or use another chain for the availability and consensus. But that does not make it l two, because it does not mean that that kind of like roll up needs to have an enshrined bridge to that data availability layer. And the reason why this is interesting is because this is kind of like the original vision of Cosmos. But the idea is like you can create your own cosmos chain, and that Cosmos chain has sovereignty, because it's like independent chain in its own right, but it has the ability to hard fork, right? Whereas like if you create a smart contract or a dao on Ethereum, it's not really easy to hard fork that smart contract without hard forking the Ethereum chain itself. Whereas if you create your own sovereign chain, whether it's a sovereign roll up or sovereign l one, the community of that roll up can kind of like hard fork its own chain if you wanted to. And I think the ability to hard fork is very important because to me, the whole point of blockchains is that they implement kind of like the rules that social consensus has decided. It's basically like implementation of a social contract. So it's like if you're deploying a smart contract on Ethereum, you're inheriting the social consensus of Ethereum. But what if you want to have your own social kind of consensus or social layer? Because Ethereum, as you mentioned, the DAO hack, around 2017, there was this massive hack on this big contract in Ethereum called the DAO 2016. And something like 5% of the Ethereum supply was compromised. And the Ethereum developers decided to hard fork the Ethereum chain to undo that hack. And then if I remember correctly, there was like another hack, similar hack of something like $100 million. I think it was parity, if I remember correctly. But they didn't half fork in that case, because it didn't constitute as big of a percent of the FAM supply. So then the question is like, why should only big contracts be able to hard fork? And this is why the idea of having your own sovereign chain can be important. Because if a DAO is on a smart contract on Ethereum, then it's not sovereign, it does not have the ability to hard fork, whereas a DaO on its own chain has the ability to hard fork if it wanted to. And that's to me it's extremely important. Kind of like part of a blockchain, like a part of actually part of cryptocurrency is this ability for the community hard fork to do upgrades via hard forks.
Speaker B: Oh, now I get it. So it's not necessarily that the existence of celestia would have prevented it. It's more this vision of these modular blockchains allow these app chains, and then the app chains can do their own forks that don't affect the rest of the execution environment. Is that.
Speaker D: Yeah, exactly. Oh, it's not so much the idea of celestial itself. It's the idea of this idea of sovereign roll ups, which we kind of like. Which, which, which celestially introduced and sovereign.
Speaker B: Roll up is the same as, like, the notion of an app chain.
Speaker D: Yeah, it's basically, I mean, it doesn't have to be an app chain. It can be like a general purpose chain, but it's similar to layer one. Like, the same way that a layer one can hard fork. A sovereign roll up can also hard fork. Because, like, the difference between a sovereign roll up and, like, let's say a traditional Ethereum roll up is that a traditional Ethereum roll up has what I call, like, an enshrined bridge to Ethereum. Like, you can say that roll up is defined by the bridge on Ethereum. It's like it's defined by the smart contract on Ethereum. The canonical chain for that roll up is what the bridge says it is. But for a sovereign roll up, the idea is like, okay, well, what if we don't enshrine a bridge? What if we just say this is actually an independent chain on its own? Right, and the bridges are secondary in the same way that a layer one bridge is secondary to layer one itself.
Speaker A: It's sort of like the difference between being like a state within the United States or under some larger federation or country versus being your own country. So a sovereign roll up is a lot more like its own country that can do its own rules and make changes however the community decides. Whereas if you're a standard, sort of settled ethereum roll up, you're still kind of bound by Ethereum, the country that you are sort of incorporated under.
Speaker B: Okay, and then to continue that analogy, so since they're all sharing security, then if you are this separate country, it's like you're part of NATO along with other countries. Is that another way to extend the analogy?
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah, because Celestia. Yeah, I guess typically, if you're your own independent country, then you have to have your own military, you have to provide your own infrastructure, essentially. And that would be sort of more like the Cosmos model, is you have to bootstrap your own chain, have your own proof of stake, token, all that stuff. But in associate model you're still sovereign, you have full control, but then you're part of an alliance essentially where you can inherit the infrastructure and security of this bigger network, which would be Celestia.
Speaker B: All right, so then which types of crypto projects do you think should go that route versus trying to do the more traditional, like we're going to have our own security. Now that there's all these options, what types of projects do you think should go more like Cosmos, Ethereum route themselves versus being more or really anywhere along the spectrum? I don't know how many different options you think there are, but I'd be interested to hear how developers, developers should think about those choices.
Speaker A: Well, to me I think so there's sort of a spectrum between launching your application as a smart contract on a shared execution layer like Ethereum or Solana, and then there's being a fully custom application specific chain with its own consensus and its own blockchain completely. And then you have the spectrum of roll ups, whether they're settled or sovereign. And I think if I were a developer, there's nothing inherently wrong with running your application as a smart contract. And in fact there's some advantages, especially in today's world, where you get to be part of a pre existing community with liquidity and users by launching an Ethereum or Solana out of the box. But then what could happen is that you launch your application there, you start to get traction, you get users, you get liquidity, and you build up a brand for yourself. And all of a sudden you realize I'm hitting the constraints of the EVM or the Solana VM, or just the underlying scaling properties of these monolithic blockchains. You might think, okay, maybe there's actually a real reason for me to launch my own chain and then I'll get more scalability and I can customize certain things to make the user experience in my application more powerful. And so then you would look at the different options and if for some reason the customization required you to have your own chain, like its own consensus, then obviously you should go that route. But for the most part I would say 90% or 90, even 99% of applications, I think that they get the bulk of the advantages by just being a roll up, because a lot of the customizations that they're going to want will be in the execution layer aspect, which they have full control over in the modular stack. If they want to customize things like have an encrypted mempool or some of these more fancy things. There will also actually be modular components like that that are being built by other projects in the modular stack, like this new emerging layer called the shared sequencing layer. That's the way I think about it, is that you can prototype as a smart contract and then as you mature, you're probably going to want to migrate to becoming your own chain at some point. It's just sort of like the arc, I think, of development naturally.
Speaker D: Yeah. Another important aspect I wanted to mention is that if you create your own nail one chain or cosmos chain, you usually have to pay a massive security budget in terms of new token issuance, like 1020 percent. And that's kind of like, that's a very huge security cost to maintaining a proof of stake value asset. But if you deploy it as a roll up with its own token, you don't have to pay this huge inflation or token issuance security budget to incentivize validators because you don't need a whole proof of stake validator set. You can just have a few sequences will do because the roll up already inherits the censorship resistance, ideally of the base layer.
Speaker A: Also on that point, launching, coordinating a launch of a blockchain is actually pretty difficult because you have to, there are a lot of validators out there and a lot of them are very sophisticated, but you still have to gather them all together and coordinate everything and run test nets and all these things, whereas a roll up you can just do out of the box. One of the things I joked about when Celestia launched is Celestia went through the effort of launching a blockchain and issuing a proof of stake token and all these things so that you don't have to. It's like we're going through the effort so that you in the future, when you want to launch your blockchain, don't have to go through all of that work, which is very time consuming and expensive.
Speaker B: All right, so at this point, Celestia has partnered with Starknet to offer data availability for layer three s. You've also partnered with Polygon to integrate Celestia into their chain development kit. There's other data availability solutions that are also coming to market, like avail, near da I NDA, etcetera. So it sort of feels like we're coming to this moment where there's going to be a number of solutions available. Potentially they would also partner with some of the same partners that you already have. Is it just going to be this future where each application or roll up or whatever will choose their own data availability layer the same way that we see in web two. There's different companies offering software as a service for anything from payments to your website or whatever. So is that kind of the future we're heading toward?
Speaker D: Yeah, so I mean, yeah, it's interesting because Celestia is the kind of like first specialized data availability layer to launch before any other competitor. So this is kind of like huge first mover advantage. But I don't think it will boil down to costs because the costs are extremely low. It's like hundredths of a cent to do a roll up transaction on Celestia. I don't think making a thousandth of a cents or ten thousandths of a ydezenhe of a sense is significantly moving the needle for a roll up developer. So I think it will fundamentally boil down to things like what are the security properties role developers want, and also, more importantly, what is the developer usability going to be like? Celestial apps and other development teams have put a lot of effort into creating integrations with popular roll up frameworks like optimism and arbitrum. And I think the more integration Celestia has with other frameworks, the more of a good developer user experience evolves around it and more of a big community evolve around it. So it becomes this network effect in a sense that the more integrations you have, the more easy is to use it and support it as a DA layer. I think that's one element of it, and the other element of it is what are the security properties of that data layer that you want? Like different dlas have like different security properties or different trade offs, because Celestia is, you know, has obviously data availability sampling, so it has crypto economic security. But other dlas kind of structures might be structured differently, whereas like eigenvalue, for example, resembles more of like a data availability committee because there is no, like, there's, there's no data availability sampling or data availability proofs. It's just you have to sort of like trust the, the eigenva validator nodes to say that this data is available, if that makes sense, because you can't slash on chain data availability.
Speaker B: Okay, so celestia also has the TIA token, as you mentioned. Describe how that's used.
Speaker D: Yeah, so the TIA token has several uses. I think the first and most important uses use case is for the payment of transaction fees on celestia, including the payment for blobs on celestia. The other use is for on chain governance. There's these on chain governance parameters on celestia that people can vote on including the community pool. So it's like this kind of like, pool of funds that the community can vote to be spent in certain ways, pretty much like every other cosmos chain. And then you also have, obviously, it's a proof of stake token that secures the network. You have to stake it into order to kind of like elect validators on the network. And finally, it's also kind of emerging as this token that you can use to bootstrap roll ups. Like, if you're bootstrapping a roll up, you might not necessarily want to bootstrap a token with that roll up immediately. So kind of just like how ETH is used as a gas token for Ethereum roll ups, Celestia can also be used as a kind of like, token to bootstrap all roll ups, whether that's as a gas token or whether that's to require some tokens to be bonded to become a sequencer in that roll up. Then Celestia, the tier token, kind of becomes a natural choice for that.
Speaker B: And I'm sure you probably saw this on Twitter because I asked what I should ask you, and someone linked to this tweet, but omid Malaikin called out Celestia's token, tweeting, congrats to Celestia for achieving what seemingly every new l one strives for. No, not sustainable adoption or credible neutrality, but combining a low float with a lot of hype to achieve an absurd FTV, meaning fully diluted valuation. So right now, your FTV is about $20 billion. What do you say to his criticism?
Speaker D: Well, I think it's pretty hard to say that Celestia has no adoption when, like, almost all new Ethereum roll ups are using Celestia for DA, and something like 70% of all new arbitrum orbit chains are using Celestia for DA, and 70% of DeFi option volume is using celestial for the a. So I think that's pretty clear adoption. But in terms of fdv or price, that's, you know, I can't really. I can't really comment on that. That's not what we're kind of here for. We're here for the long term, to build a kind of like a sustainable and scalable database layer.
Speaker B: Okay. And Mustafa, I have to ask you about your history before you got into crypto because you are rather famous for having hacked the CIA when you were six. That's a really just interesting tidbit. So can you tell us more about that and the path that led you from that to where you are? Now?
Speaker D: Yeah, sure. So I kind of got into computer programming from very early age when I was like eight or nine. And from there, I kind of realized that programmers can make mistakes in the way that they kind of create their software. And from there, I kind of like, started poking holes in various different websites I was visiting. And that's kind of how I got into hacking. But I first got into it from a kind of activist perspective when I was 1415, when I was joined various hacker chat rooms. And this was back when the hacker group Anonymous was active. And I got involved with various operations. Back then, they were mostly doing these null service attacks against companies like Mastercard and Visa as a response to, for example, them blocking donations to big leagues. But then I wanted to kind of like, take it a bit further to see, okay, like, null service attacks, they're kind of interesting, but they don't do much. So I kind of decided to see, well, why don't I put together the most technically capable people in this group to see if you can actually do something more substantial in terms of uncovering wrongdoing by hacking into corporations or companies to expose emails or expose data that might reveal wrongdoing. And that's kind of like what we ended up doing. For example, we hacked into a company called HP Gary Federal, which was like a us military contractor, and it was revealed they were doing all kinds of things like astroturfing or creating fake social media profiles or developing malware to kind of like spy on journalists and that kind of thing. But then eventually we ended up kind of creating this group called Lulsec, which kind of went on this 50 day hacking spree that went to do all kinds of things, as you mentioned, do a denial of service attack against the CIA. That was kind of like the most kind of hype thing, even though it definitely wasn't a hack. It was like a denial of service attack against the CIA. But because it's a CIA, it was kind of like very embarrassing for the CIA. I guess that's like the most high profile target. So that's the one that people have talk about a lot.
Speaker B: And then how did you make that transition over to crypto?
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, because this was back in 2011, 2010. So I was kind of, like, already following bitcoin back then because I was, like, before. Because part of the reason I got involved into this hacking from activist perspective is because I was interested in kind of like peer to peer file sharing. There was, like this website, there still is this website called the Pirate Bay, which kind of like, was subjected to like a lot of like governments trying to shut it down. To me that was really interesting that you had this peer to peer file sharing technology called bitTorrent, and people were kind of like sharing files illegally, copyright files illegally, and the us government and the entire movie industry and music industry was trying to shut it down, but they couldn't because BitTorrent was decentralized. And to me that was really fascinating because it was evidence that decentralized technology was extremely powerful. So I was one kind of big, and even before bitcoin, I was kind of trying to think about what else can be decentralized. We've managed to decentralize pay to pay file sharing. What if we decentralized the domain name system because they're trying to take down the pirate Bay domain names, for example, or trying to create decentralized social media, for example, with decentralized chat rooms? Those were things that a lot of people, including myself, are thinking about before bit torment, before bitcoin was even created. So when bitcoin was kind of introduced to the world, that was kind of like naturally very interesting to me. And I kind of followed it very closely. And around 2013, when I was following it closely, I was kind of following this block size war. This was when bitcoin reached its 1 mb block size limit and there was this huge internal debate and then there was this bitcoin cash fork. And so that was like a very interesting problem to me. And I wanted, I started thinking about more about how can we do base layer scaling for blockchains? How can we scale the base layer without compromising on security and essentialization? Which is why the bitcoin community did not want to increase the block size limit above 1 mb because they feared that it would become more expensive to run nodes that verify the chain. That's why I became interested in base layer scalability and light nodes, and that's why I pursued a PhD in it in 2016.
Speaker B: Interesting. Wow, I love that story. Let's talk about the future of Celestia. Obviously, we've mostly talked about it applied to EVM environments. You guys are allowing these ethereum l two s to be a lot cheaper, basically, and to scale. But I'm sure you're aware there's a lot of layer twos on bitcoin actually coming out. So I had somebody ask me on Twitter if you saw Celestia becoming a data availability layer for bitcoin roll ups.
Speaker A: Well, its funny because thats something that we were just discussing the other day because we were seeing the same pattern of all these bitcoin l two s popping up and then we thought, well, weve built this data bridge for Ethereum called Blobstream. Could we actually use it on bitcoin? And Mustafa had this idea of actually creating there's this new bit vm on bitcoin and there's a way that we could actually verify the same data commitments on bitcoin and potentially actually provide scalable DA for bitcoin l two s. But I don't know, Mustafa should explain more of his vision because he's the more of the OG bitcoiner.
Speaker D: Yeah, so I mean there's a team called chainway, I believe, that's deploying a EVM roll up on bitcoin. It's like a zke EVM roll up on bitcoin. And the idea is like, well, we can easily deploy blobstream to that because the blob stream is basically, is meant to be deployed on EVM chains because it's basically a solidity smart contract. So you can deploy on any EVM chain. So if we just deploy blob stream on this bitcoin EVM roll up, then you can deploy Bitcoin l three s on top of this roll up that use Celestia as data available. And it makes a lot of sense because bitcoin's data availability capacity is even way more limited than ethereum. It's only got ten minute block times four megabytes every ten minutes. It's very limited in terms of data availability. So I think ultimately for roll up to succeed on bitcoin, you do fundamentally need external data availability layers.
Speaker B: Yeah, I actually just interviewed them on my premium offering and they talked about their new roll up citraya. And it was really interesting because actually another project that I had talked to was botanics and I guess that's more like a side chain. But I suddenly was like, oh wow, there's a lot of activity and there's a third I think I'm going to be talking to soon. And then of course this is a perennial question, but there's always these memes about Solestia, like Solana, and Solana already has really cheap fees. They're going the monolithic route. But I don't know if you see a world where Solana would also utilize Celestia.
Speaker D: I think Solana to utilize Celestia because I think the Solana community has made it pretty clear that they didn't consider like layer twos as part of the kind of like scaling vision of Solana. There isn't really that much of a reason. Like, if you're building a layer two, you probably want to build. You probably don't want to build it on a chain where that's not really, that's not what it's about. That's not what the community kind of coerces around. So, I mean, but it is in theory possible. Like, we could deploy a blob stream, a version of blob stream on Solana, for example. And I believe, yeah, there's like the neon EVM. Right, on Solana. So we can deploy blob stream on neon, technically as it is, and then Solana contracts could reference data on celestia. But I think you were asking if Solana post its data to celestia or Ethereum. Because I think that's also like a common thing that Anatoly says. Well, like, Solana could become like a ethereum. L two. If it just posts data to Ethereum, that's kind of like a more long winded discussion, I suppose.
Speaker B: But if that happened, then would Celestia be involved?
Speaker D: I mean, it could do, like if you could. If I wanted to. I mean, I wouldn't see a reason for Solana, if Solana wanted to become an ethereum, l two, yeah, I wouldn't see a reason for it to post its data to Celestia. Because then that's just using. Because then that's off chain data availability from the perspective of Ethereum, then it might as well just use Solana for data availability if it's going to be off chain anyway, from the perspective of ethereum. So, like in that kind of, if it was to be ethereum, l two, I think it makes sense for you would have to post the data to Ethereum itself.
Speaker B: So then, Nick, I feel like I asked you this before, and I don't even remember what you said, but so then why is there this meme about the. So lusty. I still don't understand it.
Speaker A: I think it stems from a few things, but at a high level, it's that this year and going to the future, there's been this monolithic versus modular debate for a really long time, since sort of the inception of celestia. And it's now. Now that Celestia has launched, we actually have two protocols that are embodied, monolithic and modular. So Solana is staunchly in the monolithic camp and Celestia is staunchly in the modular camp. And so there's sort of like this tension, I would say, of like, these are the two protocols that represent those respective visions. And so there's sort of like this, you know, let's see how the market reacts and actually, which sort of architecture wins out in the long run. I also think there's a. So that's part of it, but there's also part of it that is about the fact that Solana and Celestia do share some common ground, in the sense that we both believe in the abundance of block space and we both believe in optimizing the underlying technology of blockchains to the maximum so that we can achieve the best scalability. It's just that we have a philosophical difference in how we think the best way to achieve that is. And so I think it's the fact that there's a common ground, but also these differences between the two protocols that gives the significance of this solestia meme.
Speaker B: Okay, so now let's just talk about what's kind of next up for Celestia. I am seeing these announcements with these kind of business partnerships. So I imagine that, but that's part of it. I also wanted to just ask about this dimension, which allows people to easily deploy role apps, and it recently launched and it sort of seems like Celestia and dimension could work together. But, yeah, just, you could talk about that or just whatever else is on the short term roadmap for Celestia.
Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, in the short term, from an adoption perspective, there's been all these kind of like roll ups that have deployed on Celestia, on Testnet, and then now this is coming to Mainnet and dimension is one of them. And dimension is very cool because, you know, they had, like, they had a testnet with like 10,000 roll ups on top of it. Like, not all of them kind of like, are meaningful roll ups. Maybe only a fashion of it only had the actual users applications, but it kind of like really demonstrates the point that deploying a roll up can be as easily as you're playing your smart contract. Imagine a future where l two beat right now has 30 roll ups. But in the future, like, in a few years from now, we could have like 10,000 roll ups. And it would definitely be a challenge tracking all those kind of, like, also various, like, in the past few months, a lot of the adoption of celestial has been, has mainly been from Ethereum, l two s or Ethereum roll ups. Well, not roll ups, but validiums and optimums. But going back in the next few months, we're going to expect to see a lot more like non Ethereum or cosmos native roll up. Projects. Emerging dimension is one of them, but there's also one called the sovereign SDK, which is really cool. They do sovereign SDK roll ups where you can write your application in rust, and you can deploy a sovereignty here. All on top of it. There's also shared sequencer projects like Astria. You can deploy roll up on a shared sequencer. So that's kind of like where we stand from adoption perspective. From a more kind of core development. From a core development perspective, the celestial community has recently launched this thing called Celestia improvement proposals, because now there's a border kind of like core development ecosystem. Outside of just celestial labs, there's many people like this. As I mentioned, Iger is one of them. There's also teams like PKlabs and various Cosmos development entities, including informal and Strangelove. And they're kind of all participating in this. It's very similar to the Ethereum kind of like vip process, but it's for Celestial. And there's kind of like various things emerging from that. One of the more exciting things emerging from that is this idea of. Because right now Celestia does, as I mentioned, doesn't have smart contracts. So right now, you cannot do a trust minimized bridge from Celestia to roll up. Right now, you have to kind of go through an intermediary third party, like hyperlink or. Or like Axelr. But unlike ethereum, you can have a direct kind of like bridge between ethereum and roll up because it has got smart contracts. There's this proposal to have, like, these ZK smart accounts on Celestia. So you can create, like, accounts on Celestia controlled by ZK program. And the reason why I think this is exciting is because it's very similar to bitcoin roll ups. Because right now, the bitcoin roll up that you mentioned by chainwave team does not have a trust minimized bridge with bitcoin. It's like a sovereign roll up on bitcoin. But in the future, bitcoin will need to have a hard fork or soft fork to add a new ZK opcode to bitcoin to allow you to allow ZK roll ups to have bridge to bitcoin. And Celestial is kind of like a very similar mechanism. And to me, it's kind of like really cool because it allows you to achieve what's called, like, functional escape velocity without having to have smart contracts on the chain. Because it allows you to basically extend the functionality of the base layer without having smart contracts. Because historically, it's been thought that the only way to extend the base layer is to have smart contracts. But with running a ZK opcode and ZK roll ups, I think is going to prove that smart contracts on the base layer aren't necessary.
Speaker B: Interesting. Wait, but you're talking about on bitcoin. Smart contracts on the bitcoin base layer?
Speaker D: No, I'm talking about, like, ZK roll ups on bitcoin will need a soft fork on bitcoin to add a Zk opcode to bitcoin. So there's like, various discussions in the bitcoin community to add ZK opcodes so you can verify, like, a ZK program on bitcoin. And that will allow you to deploy a ZK roll up in bitcoin. And that's the reason why that's cool is because it allows you to have roll ups. It allows you to have roll ups in bitcoin despite the fact that bitcoin does not have smart contracts.
Speaker B: I see what you're saying. Okay. Oh, interesting. Oh, wow. Yeah, that will, I feel like, really change the game for ethereum or. Sorry, bitcoin, because. Yeah, I mean, I feel like I've heard different sources say for a long time that bitcoin at some point will need to implement privacy. So that will. Yeah, be a big game changer. All right, well, you guys, this has been a fascinating discussion. I've absolutely loved it. Where can people learn more about each of you and your work in Celestia?
Speaker D: So the best place is celestia.org. there's a lot of like, kind of like introductory material there. We have like a section. It's like a pause website called learn modular that where you can learn about the basics of modular blockchains.
Speaker B: Nick?
Speaker A: Yeah, and I think another great place is to follow Celestia on Twitter. So we're. I think Mustafa and I are both on Twitter, too, and sharing. I'm a perpetual modular bowl and trying to educate people about the benefits of modular blockchains. And so that's what you can expect from me.
Speaker B: Great, well, we'll put your handles in the show notes. Thank you so much for coming on Unchained.
Speaker A: Thanks, Laura.
Speaker D: Thanks.
Speaker B: Thanks so much for joining us today. To learn more about Nick Mustafa, Celestia and modular blockchains, check out the show notes for this episode. Unchained is produced by me, Laura Shin, with help from Nelson Wong, Matt Pilchard, Juan Aranovich, Megan Davis Shashank and Margaret Correa. Thanks for listening. Unchained is now a part of the Coindesk podcast network for the latest in digital assets. Check out markets daily five days a week with host Noel Atchison. Follow the Coindesk podcast network for some of the best shows in crypto.
